--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS DATED 28 JUNE 2021 
SOCIETE GENERALE 
as Issuer and Guarantor 
(incorporated in France) 
SG ISSUER 
as Issuer 
(incorporated in Luxembourg) 
SOCIETE GENERALE EFFEKTEN GMBH 
as Issuer 
(incorporated in Germany) 
Warrants Issuance Programme 
For guidance on using this Base Prospectus and navigating between the different sections hereof, please refer to the "Base 
Prospectus – User Guide" section of this Base Prospectus (which is intended to assist investors in review of this Base 
Prospectus but which should nevertheless be read in conjunction with the other sections of this Base Prospectus).  
Under the Warrants Issuance Programme (the Programme), each of Societe Generale, SG Issuer and Societe Generale Effekten 
GmbH (each an Issuer and together the Issuers) may from time to time issue w arrants (Warrants) denominated in any currency 
agreed by the Issuer of such Warrants (the relevant Issuer) and the relevant purchaser(s). 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Luxembourg Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the CSSF) w hich 
is the Luxembourg competent authority for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the Prospectus Regulation). 
The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency 
imposed by the Prospectus Regulation and such approval shall not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuers, the Guaranto r 
and of the quality of the securities that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. The CSSF gives no undertaking as to the economic 
and financial soundness of the Warrants issued under the Programme or the quality or solvency of the Issuers, in accordance w ith 
the provisions of Article 6(4) of the Luxembourg act on prospectuses for securities dated 16 July 2019, as amended. Such approval 
does not extend to money market instruments (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) having a maturity of less than one year  or to 
Warrants (w hich are not publicly offered) to be admitted to trading on the Euro MTF (as defined below ). 
The information on the w ebsites does not form part of the prospectus (w ith the exception of links to the electronic addresses  w here 
information incorporated by reference is available) and has not been scrutinised or approved by the competent authority. 
Application has also been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Warrants issued under the Programme to be admitted to 
trading on (i) the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and (ii) the multilateral trading facility Euro MTF of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (the Euro MTF). The regulated market 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 
2014/65/EU of 15 May 2014 (as amended, MiFID II) (a Regulated Market). 
The Euro MTF is not a Regulated Market and accordingly the CSSF is not the competent authority for the approval of this Base 
Prospectus in connection w ith Warrants issued under the Programme w hich are admitted to trading on the Euro MTF, but the Euro 
MTF is subject to the supervision of the CSSF. The CSSF has neither reviewed nor approved any information in this Base 
Prospectus pertaining to Warrants admitted to trading on the Euro MTF. The CSSF therefore assumes no responsibility in 
relation to the issues of Warrants admitted to trading on the Euro MTF. 
Warrants issued under the Programme may also be unlisted or listed and admitted to trading on any other market, including any other 
Regulated Market in any Member State of the EEA and/or offered to the public in any Member State of the EEA. The applicable Final 
Terms in respect of the issue of any Warrants w ill specify w hether or not such Warrants w ill be listed and admitted to trading on any 
market and/or offered to the public in any Member State of the EEA and, if so, the relevant market. 
This Base Prospectus, w hich replace the previous one dated 29 June 2020, has been approved on 28 June 2021 and is valid until 
28 June 2022 and must during such period and in accordance w ith Article 23 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended, be 
completed by a supplement to the Base Prospectus in the event of any new  significant facts or material errors or inaccuracies . The 
obligation to supplement the Base Prospectus in the event of significant new  factors, material mistakes or material inaccurac ies does 
not apply w hen the Base Prospectus is no longer valid.

--- Page 2 ---
This Base Prospectus w ill be filed w ith SIX Exchange Regulation Ltd (prospectus office) as competent review  body under the Sw iss 
Financial Services Act (the “FinSA”) for automatic acceptance of this Base Prospectus as an issuance prospectus in accordance w ith 
article 54(2) of the FinSA. The CSSF has neither review ed nor approved any information in this Base Prospectus pertaining to 
Warrants listed on SIX Sw iss Exchange. 
The Warrants and any guarantee thereof have not been and w ill not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the Securities Act) or under the securities law  of any state or political sub-division of the United States, and trading in the 
Warrants has not been approved by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the CFTC) under the United States Commodity 
Exchange Act of 1936, as amended (the CEA). No person has registered and no person w ill register as a "commodity pool operator" 
of any Issuer under the CEA and the rules thereunder (the CFTC Rules) of the CFTC, and no Issuer has been and no Issuer w ill be 
registered as an investment company under the United States Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, and the rules and 
regulations thereunder (the Investment Company Act). The Warrants are being offered and sold in reliance on an exemption from 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act pursuant to Regulation S thereunder (Regulation S). 
Accordingly, the Warrants may only be offered, sold, pledged or otherw ise transferred in an “offshore transaction” (as defined under 
Regulation S) to or for the account or benefit of a person w ho (a) is not (i) a U.S. person as defined in Regulation S (Regulation S 
U.S. Person) unless the applicable Final Terms specify that a U.S. person as defined in paragraph 7701(a)(30) of the Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986 (IRS U.S. Person) is also applicable, or (ii) if in the case of SGI Index Linked Warrants, Advised SGI Index is applicable 
or, if in the case of Portfolio Linked Warrants, Dynamic Portfolio is applicable, a person w ho is either a Regulation S U.S. Person or 
an IRS U.S. Person unless the applicable Final Terms specify that only a Regulation S U.S. Person is applicable; and (b) is not a 
person w ho comes w ithin any definition of U.S. person for the purposes of the CEA or any CFTC Rule, guidance or order proposed 
or issued under the CEA (for the avoidance of doubt, any person w ho is not a “Non-United States person” defined under CFTC Rule 
4.7(a)(1)(iv), but excluding, for purposes of subsection (D) thereof, the exception for qualified eligible persons w ho are not “Non-United 
States persons,” shall be considered a U.S. person), and (c) is not a "U.S. person" for purposes of the final rules implementing the  
credit risk retention requirements of Section 15G of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the U.S. Risk Retention 
Rules) (a Risk Retention U.S. Person) (such a person or account as described herein, a Permitted Transferee). The Warrants are 
available only to Permitted Transferees. 
Notice of the number of Warrants, and the issue price of Warrants w hich are applicable to each issuance (as defined in the General 
Terms and Conditions of the Warrants) of Warrants w ill be set out in a final terms document (the Final Terms) which (except in the 
case of Exempted Sw iss Public Offer Warrant or Exempt Offer Warrant) (all as defined in the sections entitled "General Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law  Warrants" and "General Terms and Conditions of the French Law  Warrants") w ill be filed w ith the 
CSSF. 
THE WARRANTS OFFERED HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED WITH, OR APPROV ED BY, ANY 
UNITED STATES FEDERAL OR STATE SECURITIES OR COMMODITIES COMMISSION OR REGULA TORY AUTHORITY . 
FURTHERMORE, THE FOREGOING AUTHORITIES HAVE NOT PASSED UPON OR ENDORSED THE MERITS 
OF THIS 
OFFERING OR THE ACCURACY OR ADEQUACY OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRA RY  
IS A CRIMINAL OFFENCE IN THE UNITED STATES. 
U.S. Treasury regulations issued under Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Section 871(m) Regulations) 
generally impose a 30% w ithholding tax on dividend equivalents paid or deemed paid (w ithin the meaning of the relevant Sectio n 
871(m) Regulations) to a non-United States holder (a Non-U.S. Holder) w ith respect to certain financial instruments linked to U.S. 
equities or indices that include U.S. equities (U.S. Underlying Equities). Specifically, and subject to special rules from 2017 through 
2022 set out in Notice 2020-2 (the Notice), the Section 871(m) Regulations w ill generally apply to Warrants issued on or after 1 
January 2017 that substantially replicate the economic performance of one or more U.S. Underlying Equities as determined by the 
Issuers on the date for such Warrants as of w hich the expected delta of the product is determined by the Issuers based on tests in 
accordance w ith the applicable Section 871(m) Regulations (for the purposes of the Notice, such Warrants are deemed “delta-one” 
instruments) (the Specified Warrants). A Warrant linked to U.S. Underlying Equities w hich the Issuer has determined not to be a 
Specified Warrant w ill not be subject to w ithholding tax under Section 871(m) Regulations. Investors are advised that the Iss uer's 
determination is binding on all Non-U.S. Holders of the Warrants, but it is not binding on the United States Internal Revenue Service 
(the IRS) and the IRS may therefore disagree w ith the Issuer’s determination. 
The applicable Final Terms w ill specify if the Warrants are Specified Warrants, and, if so, w hether the relevant Issuer or its w ithholding 
agent w ill w ithhold tax under Section 871(m) Regulations and the rate of the w ithholding tax. Investors should note that if the Issuer 
or any w ithholding agent determines that w ithholding is required, neither the relevant Issuer nor the w ithholding agent w ill be required 
to gross up any amounts w ithheld in connection w ith a Specified Warrant. Investors should consult their tax adviser regarding the 
potential application of Section 871(m) Regulations to their investment in the Warrants. 
Potential purchasers and sellers of the Warrants should be aware that they may be required to pay taxes or documentary 
charges or duties in accordance with the laws and practices of the jurisdiction in which the Warrants are transferred or 
other jurisdictions. In some jurisdictions, no official statements of the tax authorities or court decisions may be available  
for financial instruments such as the Warrants. Potential investors are advised to consult their  own tax adviser on the tax 
impacts of the acquisition, holding, disposal and exercise of the Warrants. The requirement to pay such taxes may reduce 
the effective yield on the Warrants and may also have an adverse impact on their value. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Warrants state "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors" as Applicable, the Warrants are not intended to be offered, sold or otherw ise made available to and should not be offered, 
sold or otherw ise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person w ho is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a c ustomer w ithin

--- Page 3 ---
the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended or superseded, the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer w ould 
not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the Prospectus Regulation). Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Warrants or otherw ise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Warrants or otherw ise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlaw ful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Warrants state "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors", as Applicable, the Warrants are not intended to be offered, sold or otherw ise made available to and should not be offered, 
sold or otherw ise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person w ho is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
domestic law  by virtue of the European Union (Withdraw al) Act 2018 (EUWA); or (ii) a customer w ithin the meaning of the provisions 
of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, w here that customer w ould 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic 
law  by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms  part of 
domestic law  by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law  by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Warrants or otherw ise making 
them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Warrants or otherw ise making 
them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlaw ful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II product governance/target market – the Final Terms in respect of any Warrants w ill include a legend entitled “MiFID II 
product governance” w hich w ill outline the target market assessment in respect of the Warrants, taking into account the five 
categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) on 5 February 
2018, and w hich channels for distribution of the Warrants are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, s elling or recommending 
the Warrants (a distributor) should take into consideration the target market assessment; how ever, a distributor subject to MiFID II 
is responsible for undertaking its ow n target market assessment in respect of the Warrants (by either adopting or refining the target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination w ill be made in relation to each issue about w hether, for the purpose of the Product Governance rules under EU 
Delegated 2017/593 (the MiFID Product Governance Rules), any Dealer subscribing for any Warrants is a manufacturer in respect 
of such Warrants, but otherw ise neither the Arranger or the Dealer nor any of their respective affiliates w ill be a manufacturer for the 
purpose of the MIFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – the Final Terms in respect of any Warrants w ill include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR 
Product Governance” w hich w ill outline the target market assessment in respect of the Warrants, taking into account the five 
categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by the ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance w ith the FCA’s policy 
statement entitled “Brexit our approach to EU non-legislative materials”), and w hich channels for distribution of the Warrants are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Warrants (a distributor) should take into consideration 
the target market assessment; how ever, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its ow n target market assessment in respect 
of the Warrants (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination w ill be made in relation to each issue about w hether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, 
any Dealer subscribing for any Warrants is a manufacturer in respect of such Warrants, but otherw ise neither the Arranger nor the 
Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates w ill be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore, as modified or amended 
from time to time (the SFA) – Unless otherw ise stated in the Final Terms in respect of any Warrants, in connection w ith Section 
309B of the SFA and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the CMP Regulations 
2018), the relevant Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309(A)(1) of the SFA), that 
the Warrants are capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) 
and Specified Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MA S 
Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
ARRANGER 
Societe Generale 
 
DEALERS 
Societe Generale 
SG Option Europe

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
CONTENTS 
SECTION 
PAGE 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ................................................................................................................ 5 
RISK FACTORS ........................................................................................................................................................................ 13 
USER GUIDE............................................................................................................................................................................. 34 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION .................................................................................................................................................. 58 
REGULATORY INFORMATION .............................................................................................................................................. 69 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO NON-EXEMPT OFFERS OF WARRANTS ................................................ 78 
DOCUM ENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .............................................................................................................. 84 
FINAL TERM S OR DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUS................................................................................................................. 93 
SUPPLEM ENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS ..................................................................................................................... 94 
FORM OF FINAL TERM S ........................................................................................................................................................ 95 
GENERAL TERM S AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW WARRANTS............................................................... 151 
GENERAL TERM S AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW WARRANTS................................................................ 209 
ADDITIONAL TERM S AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FIXED LEV ERAGE AND TURBO WARRANTS  ................ 252 
ADDITIONAL TERM S AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORM ULAE .......................................................................... 358 
ADDITIONAL TERM S AND CONDITIONS FOR STRUCTURED WARRANTS  ................................................................ 496 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHARE LINKED WARRANTS AND DEPOSITARY RECEIPTS 
LINKED WARRANTS ............................................................................................................................................................. 504 
ADDITIONAL TERM S AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED WARRANTS................................................................ 513 
ADDITIONAL TERM S AND CONDITIONS FOR SGI INDEX LINKED WARRANTS  ........................................................ 518 
ADDITIONAL TERM S AND CONDITIONS FOR REFERENCE RATE LINKED WARRANTS ......................................... 528 
ADDITIONAL TERM S AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE RATE LINKED WARRANTS ........................ 540 
ADDITIONAL TERM S AND CONDITIONS FOR COMMODITY LINKED WARRANTS .................................................... 543 
ADDITIONAL TERM S AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED WARRANTS ................................................................. 562 
ADDITIONAL TERM S AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED WARRANTS ............................................................. 576 
ADDITIONAL TERM S AND CONDITIONS FOR INFLATION LINKED WARRANTS  ....................................................... 644 
ADDITIONAL TERM S AND CONDITIONS FOR BOND LINKED WARRANTS  ................................................................ 648 
ADDITIONAL TERM S AND CONDITIONS FOR ETP LINKED WARRANTS AND FOR ETF LINKED WARRANTS .... 669 
ADDITIONAL TERM S AND CONDITIONS FOR NON EQUITY SECURITY LINKED WARRANTS ................................ 680 
ADDITIONAL TERM S AND CONDITIONS FOR FUTURE LINKED WARRANTS ............................................................ 682 
ADDITIONAL TERM S AND CONDITIONS FOR PORTFOLIO LINKED WARRANTS  ..................................................... 688 
ADDITIONAL TERM S AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO SECURED WARRANTS  ...................................................... 736 
FORM OF GUARANTEE ........................................................................................................................................................ 758 
DESCRIPTION OF SOCIETE GENERALE........................................................................................................................... 760 
DESCRIPTION OF SG ISSUER............................................................................................................................................. 762 
DESCRIPTION OF SOCIETE GENERALE EFFEKTEN GM BH ......................................................................................... 768 
DESCRIPTION OF SOCIETE GENERALE INDICES ("SGI INDICES”)............................................................................. 773 
BOOK CLEARANCE SYSTEMS ........................................................................................................................................... 774 
SUBSCRIPTION, SALE AND TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS .............................................................................................. 779 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................................................... 793 
ON-GOING NON-EXEMPT OFFERS .................................................................................................................................... 797

--- Page 5 ---
General Description of the Programme 
 
5 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following description does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, this Base 
Prospectus and, in relation to the Terms and Conditions of any particular Tranche of Warrants, the applicable Final Terms. 
The following description constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980 as amended implementing the Prospectus Regulation. 
Words and expressions defined in the sections headed "General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants" or, 
as the case may be, "General Terms and Conditions of the French Law Warrants" shall have the same meanings in this 
general description. 
Hyperlinks of websites referred to in the Base Prospectus are exclusively for information purposes and must not be 
regarded as part of the Base Prospectus itself, unless the information to which they refer is incorporated by reference in 
the Base Prospectus. 
1. 
PARTIES TO THE PROGRAMME 
Issuers 
 
Societe Generale 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) : O2RNE8IBXP4R0TD8PU41 
 
SG Issuer 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) : 549300QNMDBVTHX8H127 
 
Societe Generale Effekten GmbH 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) : 529900W18LQJJN6SJ336 
Guarantor 
Societe Generale 
Arranger 
Societe Generale 
Dealers 
Societe Generale, SG Option Europe and any other Dealers appointed in accordance w ith the Programme 
Agreement. 
Listing Agent, Fiscal Agent, Registrar, Transfer Agent and Exchange Agent 
Societe Generale Luxembourg S.A. 
Paying Agents 
Societe Generale (Paris), Societe Generale, Paris, Zurich Branch, Societe Generale, New  York Branch, Societe 
Generale Luxembourg S.A., Societe Generale, Sucursal en España, Societe Generale Securities Services S.p.A., 
Computershare Investor Services (Jersey) Limited (for Warrants cleared w ith Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited), 
and/or any such additional or successor paying agent appointed in accordance w ith the General Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law  Warrants and the General Terms and Conditions of the French Law  Warrants.

--- Page 6 ---
General Description of the Programme 
 
6 
 
The Issuers may appoint or (as the case may be) maintain an additional paying agent in each jurisdiction w here 
Uncertificated Warrants are registered and, if appropriate, for so long as any Uncertificated Warrants are listed 
on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the Issuers w ill maintain a paying agent w ith a specified office in 
Luxembourg, all as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
In respect of EUI Warrants the Issuers may appoint or (as the case may be) maintain an additional paying agent 
in the United Kingdom. 
In respect of Uncertificated SIS Warrants and other Warrants listed on SIX Sw iss Exchange, Societe Generale, 
Paris, Zurich Branch shall act as Principal Sw iss Paying Agent, together w ith further additional Sw iss Paying 
Agents w hich may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
2. 
DESCRIPTION 
Warrants Issuance Programme 
Warrants issued under the Programme are intended to constitute "non-equity securities", w ithin the meaning of 
Article 2(c) of the Prospectus Regulation. 
3. 
METHOD OF DISTRIBUTION 
Warrants may be distributed to qualified investors and/or non-qualified investors, and in each case on a 
syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Warrants may be offered at a price as specified in the applicable Final Terms w hich: 
(a) 
w ill be the Issue Price or the Issue Price up to a maximum specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
represented by a distribution fee payable upfront by the Issuer to the distributors; or 
(b) 
w ill be the market price w hich w ill be determined by the Dealer on a daily basis (and, as the case may 
be, in accordance w ith market conditions then prevailing including the current market price of  the 
Underlying(s)); and/or w ill evolve betw een the Issue Date and the last day of the Offer Period on a linear 
basis in such w ay specified in the applicable Final Terms on the last day of the Offer Period and w ill be 
provided by the Dealer to any Warrantholders upon request; or 
(c) 
w ill be fully subscribed by the Dealer and thereafter offered to the public in the secondary market in 
France, at the Issue Price, during the Offer Period; or 
(d) 
w ill evolve betw een dates specified in the applicable Final Terms in order to reach a specific maximum 
level on a specific date, in accordance w ith the follow ing formula: 
Offer Price (t) = OfferPriceBase x (1 + ConvergencePercentage x Nb(t) / 360) 
Where: 
OfferPriceBase means a number specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
ConvergencePercentage means a percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
Nb(t) means the number of calendar days betw een the Issue Date and the date "t" on w hich the value 
of the Warrants is calculated (both dates included);or 
(e) 
w ill be determined by the Dealer on a continuous basis in accordance w ith the market conditions then 
prevailing and depending on market conditions, the offer price shall be equal to, higher or low er than the 
Issue Price; or

--- Page 7 ---
General Description of the Programme 
 
7 
 
(f) 
w ill be provided by the Dealer by w ay of quotes made available in the market specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, and w hich, in all cases, may be increased by such fees, if any, as disclosed in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
4. 
CURRENCIES 
The payment obligations in respect of any Warrants may be in any currency or currencies agreed betw een the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to compliance w ith any applicable law s and regulations. 
Payments in respect of Warrants may, subject to compliance as aforesaid, be made in and/or linked to, any 
currency or currencies other than the currency in w hich the Settlement Amount of Warrants is calculated. 
5. 
ISSUE PRICE 
Warrants w ill be issued at an issue price expressed as an amount per Warrant (as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms). 
6. 
EXERCISE OF WARRANTS 
Warrants may be European or American Style and may be subject to Automatic Exercise, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. Subject as provided below , the Warrants w ill have such exercise periods and expiry dates 
as may be agreed betw een an Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to such limits as may be allow ed or required 
from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any law s or regulations applicable to such 
Issuer or the relevant Settlement Currency. Warrants may be open-ended and in such circumstances w ill not 
have a fixed expiry date. Open-ended Warrants only expire on the occurrence of designated events w hich w ill be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
European Style Warrants are also know n as Fixed Scheduled Exercise Style Warrants. Where the applicable 
Final Terms specify that the Warrants are Fixed Scheduled Exercise Style Warrants, any references in the Base 
Prospectus and in the applicable Final Terms to "European Style Warrants" shall be deemed to be a reference 
to Fixed Scheduled Exercise Style Warrants. 
7. 
SETTLEMENT / CANCELLATION / EARLY EXPIRATION OF WARRANTS 
Warrants may be (in the case of Cash Settled Warrants) cash settled and/or (in the case of Physical Delivery 
Warrants) settled on exercise by delivery of certain Deliverable Assets, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
Warrants may be cancelled for tax reasons, at the option of the Issuer or the Warrantholder or automatically upon 
the occurrence of one or more trigger events, in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If specified in the applicable Final Terms, Warrants may also expire early on the occurrence of certain events, 
w hich w ill be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
8. 
REDENOMINATION AND/OR CONSOLIDATION 
The applicable Final Terms may provide that certain Warrants may be redenominated in euro. The relevant 
provisions applicable to any such redenomination are contained in the General Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law  Warrants and the General Terms and Conditions of the French Law  Warrants. 
Warrants denominated in a currency that may be redenominated into euro may be subject to consolidation w ith 
other Warrants denominated in euro.

--- Page 8 ---
General Description of the Programme 
 
8 
 
9. 
STATUS OF THE WARRANTS 
Warrants issued by Societe Generale w ill constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of Societe Generale ranking as senior preferred obligations, as provided for in Article L. 613-30-3 I 3° 
of French Code Monétaire et Financier. 
Warrants issued by SG Issuer (other than Secured Warrants) and by Societe Generale Effekten GmbH w ill 
constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of SG Issuer and by Societe Generale 
Effekten GmbH. 
Secured Warrants w ill be issued by SG Issuer only. 
The provisions relating to Secured Warrants are more fully described in the section "Additional Terms and 
Conditions relating to Secured Warrants". 
10. 
CERTAIN RESTRICTIONS 
Each issue of Warrants denominated in a currency in respect of w hich particular law s, guidelines, regulations, 
restrictions or reporting requirements apply w ill only be issued in circumstances w hich comply w ith such law s, 
guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements in full force (see "Subscription, Sale and Transfer 
Restrictions") including the follow ing restrictions applicable at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Under the Prospectus Regulation, as amended (the Luxembourg Prospectus Act), w hich implements the 
Prospectus Regulation, prospectuses relating to money market instruments having a maturity at issue of less than 
tw elve months and complying w ith the definition of securities (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) do not 
constitute a prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
11. 
TYPE OF WARRANTS 
Fixed Leverage Warrants 
Payments in respect of Fixed Leverage Warrants w ill be calculated by reference to one or more underlyings 
described above as agreed betw een the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. Fixed Leverage Warrants are designed to track the performance of a Leveraged Strategy, after 
taking into account deduction of certain costs, and through tracking the performance of the Leveraged Strategy, 
the Fixed Leverage Warrants provide a daily exposure to the relevant underlying. The exposure to the relevant 
underlying provided by the Warrants is amplified by a target daily exposure. If the underlying to the Fixed Leverage 
Warrants moves in the opposite direction to that anticipated by investors, the losses incurred by the Fixed 
Leverage Warrants w ill be greater in percentage terms than those incurred by the underlying itself. The prices of 
Fixed Leverage Warrants can therefore be volatile. How ever, the payout value of Fixed Leverage Warrants cannot 
be less than zero. As Fixed Leverage Warrants are reset on a daily basis, an investor's capital could erode very 
quickly follow ing a continued succession of positive or negative performance of the Warrant underlying. Fixed 
Leverage Warrants may also provide for physical delivery of the Deliverable Asset(s) as set out in the relevant 
Additional Terms and Conditions. The terms and conditions of Fixed Leverage Warrants may be subject to 
adjustment if certain events affecting the relevant underlying asset occur, all as more fully described in the relevant 
Additional Terms and Conditions. Fixed Leverage Warrants w ill be issued by applying the Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Fixed Leverage Warrants and the relevant Additional Terms and Conditions in respect of the 
relevant underlying asset. 
Turbo Warrants 
Payments in respect of Turbo Warrants w ill be calculated by reference to one or more underlying assets described 
above as agreed betw een the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. If a Turbo Warrant's stop loss level is reached at any point during the product lifespan, the product w ill 
expire, potentially w ith no remaining value. The entire invested capital (plus any potential gains made during the 
lifetime of the product) is at risk. How ever, the payout value of a Turbo Warrant cannot be less than zero. Turbo

--- Page 9 ---
General Description of the Programme 
 
9 
 
Warrants may also provide for physical delivery of the Deliverable Asset(s) as set out in the relevant Additional 
Terms and Conditions. The terms and conditions of Turbo Warrants may be subject to adjustment if certain events 
affecting the relevant underlying asset occur, all as more fully described in the relevant Additional Terms and 
Conditions. Turbo Warrants w ill be issued by applying the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed 
Leverage and Turbo Warrants and the relevant Additional Terms and Conditions in respect of the relevant 
underlying asset. 
Formula-Linked Warrants 
Amounts payable or deliverable in respect of exercise of Formula-Linked Warrants are determined by reference 
to one or several formula(e) w hich are based on the underlying(s) of such Formula-Linked 
Warrants. 
Formula-Linked Warrants may also provide for delivery of the Deliverable Asset(s) as set out in the relevant 
Additional Terms and Conditions. The terms and conditions of Formula-Linked Warrants may be subject to 
adjustment if certain events affecting the relevant underlying asset occur, all as more fully described in the 
Additional Terms and Conditions. Formula-Linked Warrants w ill be issued by applying the Additional Terms and 
Conditions relating to Formulae and the Additional Terms and Conditions in respect of the relevant underlying 
asset. 
Physical Delivery Warrants 
Payments in respect of Physical Delivery Warrants and any delivery of any Deliverable Asset(s) in respect of 
Physical Delivery Warrants w ill be made in accordance w ith the terms of the applicable Final Terms, subject 
alw ays to applicable securities law s. 
12. 
TYPE OF STRUCTURED WARRANTS 
Structured Warrants 
Structured Warrants w ill provide investors w ith an exposure to one or more Underlyings. Payments of any 
amounts in respect of Structured Warrants w ill be calculated by reference to such Underlying. Item "Type of 
Structured Warrants" of the applicable Final Terms w ill specify the relevant type of Underlying of the Structured 
Warrants. Any Structured Warrant may be exposed to more than one Underlying, in w hich case more than one 
type of Structured Warrant w ill be specified. For each such Underlying and type of Warrant, the relevant Additional 
Terms and Conditions w ill apply. The application of such Additional Terms and Conditions w ill also be specified 
in item "Type of Structured Warrants" of the applicable Final Terms. 
The applicable Final Terms w ill specify the relevant Underlying and state w here information on the relevant 
Underlying, in particular on its past and future performance and on its volatility, can be found and w hether or not 
the relevant Issuer intends to provide further information on the Underlying. 
Each type of Underlying for Structured Warrants is further described below . 
Share Linked Warrants and Depositary Receipts Linked Warrants 
Payments in respect of Share Linked Warrants and Depositary Receipts Linked Warrants w ill be calculated by 
reference to one or more shares or depositary receipts as agreed betw een the relevant Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) and specified in the applicable Final Terms. Share Linked Warrants and Depositary Receipts Linked 
Warrants may also provide for settlement of the Warrants by physical delivery of the Deliverable Asset(s) as set 
out in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Share Linked Warrants and Depositary Receipts Linked Warrants. 
Share Linked Warrants and Depositary Receipts Linked Warrants may be subject to early termination of the 
Warrants or adjustment if certain corporate events, delisting, merger or de-merger, nationalisation or insolvency 
occur, all as more fully described in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Share Linked Warrants and 
Depositary Receipts Linked Warrants.

--- Page 10 ---
General Description of the Programme 
 
10 
 
Index Linked Warrants 
Payments in respect of Index Linked Warrants w ill be calculated by reference to the performance of one or more 
Indices as the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree and as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Index Linked Warrants may be subject to early termination of the Warrants or adjustment as more fully described 
in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Index Linked Warrants. 
Index Linked Warrants are linked to the performance of an index that is not composed by the relevant Issuer. In 
accordance w ith the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980 as amended, the applicable Final 
Terms contains the name of the Index and an indication of w here to obtain information about the index. 
SGI Index Linked Warrants 
Payments in respect of SGI Index Linked Warrants w ill be calculated by reference to one or more Societe 
Generale Indices as the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree and as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
SGI Index Linked Warrants may be subject to early termination of the Warrants or adjustment as more fully 
described in the Additional Terms and Conditions for SGI Index Linked Warrants. 
SGI Index Linked Warrants are linked to the performance of an index that is composed by Societe Generale or 
any other legal entity belonging to the Societe Generale group (an SGI Index). 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the administrator of the SGI Indices, Societe Generale, is included in the 
register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Articles 34 and 36 
of the EU Benchmark Regulation. 
In respect of the description of each SGI Index, this Base Prospectus contains in the section "Description of SGI 
Indices", in accordance w ith Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980 as amended , an index 
description including the essential characteristics to enable an investor to fully understand the index and its 
dynamics and make an informed assessment. 
It should be noted that additional SGI Indices may be used as underlyings follow ing the publication of a 
supplement in accordance w ith the provisions of Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, containing an index 
description of such additional Indices. 
ETF Linked Warrants 
Payments in respect of ETF Linked Warrants w ill be calculated by reference to one or more exchange traded 
funds as agreed betw een the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. Subject to applicable law s and regulations, ETF Linked Warrants 
may also provide for settlement of the Warrants by physical delivery of the Deliverable Asset(s) as set out in the 
Additional Terms and Conditions for ETP Linked Warrants and for ETF Linked Warrants ETF Linked Warrants 
may be subject to early termination of the Warrants or adjustments, all as more fully described in the Addition al 
Terms and Conditions for ETP Linked Warrants and for ETF Linked Warrants. 
ETP Linked Warrants 
Payments in respect of ETP Linked Warrants w ill be calculated by reference to the performance of one or more 
exchange trade products as the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree and as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms. ETP Linked Warrants may also provide for settlement of the Warrants by physical delivery 
of the Deliverable Asset(s) as set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions for ETP Linked Warrants and for 
ETF Linked Warrants. ETP Linked Warrants may be subject to early termination of the Warrants or adjustment

--- Page 11 ---
General Description of the Programme 
 
11 
 
as more fully described in the Additional Terms and Condition for ETP Linked Warrants and for ETF Linked 
Warrants. 
Reference Rate Linked Warrants 
Payments in respect of Reference Rate Linked Warrants w ill be calculated by reference to one or more reference 
rate as agreed betw een the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
Reference Rate Linked Warrants may be subject to early termination of the Warrants or adjustment as more fully 
described in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Reference Rate Linked Warrants. 
Foreign Exchange Rate Linked Warrants 
Payments in respect of Foreign Exchange Rate Linked Warrants w ill be calculated by reference to one or more 
foreign exchange rate as agreed betw een the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Foreign Exchange Rate Linked Warrants may be subject to early termination of the Warrants or adjustment as 
more fully described in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Foreign Exchange Rate Linked Warrants. 
Commodity Linked Warrants 
Payments in respect of Commodity Linked Warrants w ill be calculated by reference to one or more commodities 
and/or commodity indices as agreed betw een the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Commodity Linked Warrants may be subject to early termination of the Warrants or adjustment as more fully 
described in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked Warrants. 
Fund Linked Warrants 
Payments in respect of Fund Linked Warrants w ill be calculated by reference to units, interests or shares in a 
single fund or basket of funds on such terms as may be agreed betw een the relevant Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) and specified in the applicable Final Terms. Subject to applicable law s and regulations, Fund Linked 
Warrants may also provide for settlement of the Warrants by physical delivery of the Deliverable Asset(s) as set 
out in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked Warrants. 
Fund Linked Warrants may be subject to early termination of the Warrants or adjustment, as applicable, or if 
certain corporate events occur, all as more fully described in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked 
Warrants. 
Credit Linked Warrants 
Payments in respect of Credit Linked Warrants w ill be linked to the credit, and possibly the CDS spread, of a 
specified entity or entities and w ill be issued on such terms as may be agreed betw een the relevant Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer(s) and specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
In the event of the occurrence of certain circumstances (w hich may include, amongst other things, Bankruptcy, 
Failure to Pay, Obligation Acceleration, Obligation Default, Repudiation/Moratorium or Restructuring) in relation 
to a Reference Entity or, w ith respect to Basket Warrants and Tranche Warrants, Reference Entities, in each case 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the obligation of the relevant Issuer to pay or deliver, as the case may 
be, the Settlement Amount, may be replaced by (i) an obligation to pay other amounts w hich are equal to either 
certain fixed amount(s) as specified in the applicable Final Terms or amounts calculated by reference to the value 
of the Deliverable Asset(s) (w hich may, in each case, be less than the par value of the Warrants at the relevant 
time) and/or (ii) an obligation to deliver the Deliverable Asset(s), all as more fully described in the Additional Terms 
and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants.

--- Page 12 ---
General Description of the Programme 
 
12 
 
Credit Linked Warrants may be subject to early termination of the Warrants or adjustment as more fully described 
in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants. 
Inflation Linked Warrants 
Payments in respect of Inflation Linked Warrants w ill be calculated by reference to inflation indices as agreed 
betw een the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Inflation Linked Warrants may be subject to early termination of the Warrants or adjustment as more fully 
described in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Inflation Linked Warrants. 
Bond Linked Warrants 
Payments in respect of Bond Linked Warrants w ill be linked to the credit of a specified obligation (the "Bond" as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) issued by a specified issuer (the "Bond Issuer" as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) and w ill be issued on such terms as may be agreed betw een the relevant Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s) and specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
In the event of the occurrence of certain circumstances (w hich may include, amongst other things, Bond 
Acceleration, Bond Default, Bond Failure to Pay or Bond Restructuring) in relation to a Bond or Bonds (w ith 
respect to Basket of Bond Linked Warrants) in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the obligation 
of the relevant Issuer to pay a settlement on the exercise date may be replaced by (i) an obligation to pay other 
amounts w hich are equal to either certain fixed amount(s) as specified in the applicable Final Terms or amounts 
calculated by reference to the value of the underlying assets (w hich may, in each case, be less than the par value 
of the Warrants at the relevant time). 
Bond Linked Warrants may be subject to early termination of the Warrants or adjustment as more fully described 
in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Bond Linked Warrants. 
Non Equity Security Linked Warrants 
Payments in respect of Non Equity Security Linked Warrants w ill be calculated by reference to one or more non 
equity securities or futures contracts thereon as agreed betw een the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) 
and specified in the applicable Final Terms. Non Equity Security Linked Warrants may be subject to early 
termination of the Warrants or adjustment, as more fully described in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Non 
Equity Security Linked Warrants. 
Future Linked Warrants 
Payments in respect of Future Linked Warrants w ill be calculated by reference to one or more future contracts as 
agreed betw een the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and specified in the applicable Final Terms. Future 
Linked Warrants may be subject to early termination of the Warrants or adjustments, as more fully described in 
the Additional Terms and Conditions for Future Linked Warrants. 
Portfolio Linked Warrants 
Payments in respect of Portfolio Linked Warrants w ill be calculated by reference to a portfolio of underlyings as  
the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree and as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
Portfolio Linked Warrants may also provide for settlement of the Warrants by physical delivery of the Deliverable 
Asset(s) as set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Warrants. Portfolio Linked Warrants 
may be subject to early termination of the Warrants or adjustment as more fully described in the Additional Terms 
and Condition for Portfolio Linked Warrants.

--- Page 13 ---
Risk Factors 
 
13 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The discussion below is of a general nature and is intended to describe various risk factors associated with an 
investment in the Warrants. You should carefully consider the following discussion of risks, and any risk factors 
included in the documents incorporated by reference herein. 
The Issuers and the Guarantor believe that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing 
in Warrants issued under the Programme, but the failure of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor to pay interest (if any), 
principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Warrants may occur or arise for other reasons which may not be 
considered significant risks by the Issuers or the Guarantor based on information currently available to them or which they 
may not currently be able to anticipate. 
Words and expressions defined elsewhere in this Base Prospectus shall have the same meanings when used in this 
section. 
To the best of each Issuer’s knowledge, in each category of Risk Factors, the risk factor identified by the Issuers as the 
most important appears first. For the rest of the risk factors, the order of appearance is not an indication of the importanc e 
or the likelihood of their occurrence. 
1. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE GROUP 
Risk factors relating to Societe Generale group are detailed on pages 152 to 162 of the 2021 Universal Registration 
Document and pages 30 to 32 of the First Amendment to the 2021 Universal Registration Document incorporated 
by reference (see Section "Documents Incorporated by Reference"). 
2. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE ISSUERS AND THE GUARANTOR 
2.1 
Factors that may affect Societe Generale's ability, as Issuer or Guarantor, to fulfil its obligations under 
the Warrants 
In case of Warrants issued by Societe Generale, if Societe Generale defaults or goes bankrupt, the Warrantholders may 
suffer a partial or total loss of the amount invested. If Societe Generale is subject to measures in respect of the regulations 
relating to the statutory bail-in mechanism (bail-in), their debt may be reduced to zero, converted into equity (shares) or 
debt securities or undergo a maturity postponement. Their investment is not covered by any guarantee or compensation 
system. Societe Generale’s credit ratings are an assessment of its ability to honour its commitments. Consequently, any 
actual or anticipated dow ngrading of Societe Generale’s credit ratings may affect the market value of the Warrants. 
Societe Generale unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees the payment of all amounts due under the Warrants by SG 
Issuer or Societe Generale Effekten GmbH (or SG Effekten) and as a result the Warrantholders are exposed to the credit 
risk of Societe Generale as Guarantor. Societe Generale’s credit ratings are an assessment of its ability to honour its 
commitments. Consequently, any actual or anticipated dow ngrades of Societe Generale’s credit ratings may affect the 
market value of the Warrants. 
2.2 
Factors that may affect SG Issuer's or SG Effekten’s ability, as Issuer, to fulfil its obligations under the 
Warrants 
In case of Warrants issued by SG Issuer or SG Effekten, SG Issuer's or SG Effekten’s activity consists inter alia in issuing 
debt securities and the funds collected are systematically deposited w ith Societe Generale in the form of either term loans 
or sw ap contracts and pursuant to w hich SG Issuer or SG Effekten w ill receive from Societe Generale the amounts due 
under the Warrants. SG Issuer's or SG Effekten's ability to make payments under the Warrants w ill therefore depend 
primarily on the performance of its obligations by Societe Generale under such hedging transactions entered into betw een 
SG Issuer or SG Effekten and Societe Generale. 
If SG Issuer or SG Effekten defaults or goes bankrupt, as a result of the limited recourse clause on SG Issuer or SG 
Effekten included in the terms and conditions of the Warrants, the Warrantholders have no recourse against SG Issuer or

--- Page 14 ---
Risk Factors 
 
14 
 
SG Effekten and any amount due and unpaid by SG Issuer or SG Effekten must be claimed against Societe Generale as 
Guarantor. 
If the resolution authorities take structural bail-in measures in accordance w ith the regulations relating to the recovery and 
resolution of credit institutions and investment firms, against securities issued by Societe Generale or SG Issuer (statutory  
bail-in) or against structured securities of Societe Generale (contractual bail-in) then the investment of the Warrantholders 
may be reduced to zero, converted into equity (shares) or debt securities or be subject to a maturity postponement and in 
such case the obligations of Societe Generale as Guarantor shall be adjusted to such reduction, conversion or 
postponement. Their investment is not covered by any guarantee or indemnity system. 
2.3 
Information in relation with the lack of independence of each Issuer and, as the case may be, the 
Guarantor – Conflict of interest 
Societe Generale w ill act as issuer under the Programme, as the Guarantor of the Warrants issued by SG Issuer or SG 
Effekten and also as provider of hedging instruments to each Issuer. As a result, investors w ill be exposed not only to the 
credit risk of Societe Generale but also to operational risks arising from the lack of independence of Societe Generale, in 
assuming its duties and obligations as the Guarantor and provider of the hedging instruments. Whilst compliance 
procedures require effective segregation of duties and responsibilities betw een the relevant divisions w ithin the Guarantor, 
the possibility of conflicts of interest arising cannot be w holly eliminated. 
The Group provides a full array of capital market products and advisory services w orldw ide including the issuance of 
"structured securities” w here the amounts due under the Warrants are linked to the performance of underlying assets and 
may possess or acquire material and/or confidential information about the underlying assets and/or the reference entities 
w hich is not public know ledge and w hich are or could be important to the Warrants. 
Such business activities and such material and/or confidential information may cause consequences adverse to the 
Warrantholders. The Issuers, the Guarantor and any other member of the Group have no obligation to disclose such 
information about such underlying assets or the obligors to w hich they relate or the reference entities. 
The Calculation Agent, the Arranger, the Dealers, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agent and the Exchange 
Agent may be all part of the Group. A deterioration of Societe Generale's credit risk w ould have a negative impact on the 
obligations of each of the entities listed above in relation to the Warrants. If one of these entities does not respect its 
obligations tow ards the relevant Issuer and/or the Guarantor, this could have a negative impact on the Warrantholders. 
2.4 
Risk relating to the Issuer substitution 
Societe Generale or SG Issuer or SG Effekten may be replaced by each other or (w ith respect to English Law  Warrants 
only) by any subsidiary or any other third party as principal obligor in respect of the Warrants w ithout the consent of the 
relevant Warrantholders provided certain conditions are satisfied (inter alia no w ithholding tax triggered by the substitution, 
guarantee by Societe Generale to be maintained as the case may be). Any such substitution may impact the value of the 
Warrants. 
3. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE WARRANTS 
3.1 
Risks related to the characteristics of the Warrants 
3.1.1 
Risks linked to Warrants including a risk of capital loss 
For Warrants w hich include a risk of capital loss, the settlement value of such Warrants may be less than the amount 
initially invested. In a w orst case scenario, investors may lose their entire investment. Moreover, regardless of the level of 
the capital protection, the investor may lose part or all of the initially invested amount, if the Warrants are sold by the 
investor or settled early.

--- Page 15 ---
Risk Factors 
 
15 
 
3.1.2 
Risk of Leveraged Exposure 
Warrants embed a leverage factor increasing the exposure to the relevant underlying and w ill amplify both return 
and losses. While the use of leverage allow s for potential multiples of a return (assuming a return is achieved) 
w hen the applicable underlying moves in the anticipated direction, it w ill conversely magnify losses w hen such 
underlying moves against expectations of investors. Prospective investors should note that Warrants w ill involve 
a higher level of risk, and that w henever there are losses such losses may be higher than those of a similar  
security w hich is not leveraged. Investors should therefore only invest in Warrants if they fully understand the 
effects of the leverage that may be embedded in the Warrants. 
3.1.3 
Loss of Time Value 
The amounts due on exercise of the Warrants is typically expected to be negatively impacted by the "time value" 
of the Warrants. The "time value" of the Warrants w ill depend partly upon the length of the period remaining to 
expiration and expectations concerning the value of the underlying of the Warrants. Warrants offer hedging and 
investment diversification opportunities but also pose some additional risks w ith regard to erosion in value. 
3.1.4 
Worthless expiration of Warrants 
In the case of a Warrant w hich gives the Warrantholder the right to buy the Underlying at a specific price on or 
before a specified date (a Call Warrant), if the specified price of the Underlying on the Exercise Date is equal to 
or below  the Strike, the Warrant w ill expire w orthless. In the case of a Warrant w hich gives the Warrantholder the 
right to sell the Underlying at a specific price on or before a specified date (a Put Warrant), if the specified price 
of the Underlying on the Exercise Date is equal to or above the Strike, the Warrant w ill expire w orthless. The 
closer the specified price of the Underlying to the Strike, the higher the probability of such an expiration. Strike 
means a set price at w hich an Underlying can be bought or sold w hen the Warrant is exercised. Call Warrants 
and Put Warrants could also give the Warrantholder the right to receive a cash amount or physical delivery 
amount, depending on the fluctuations in the price of the Underlying, calculated in accordance w ith the 
pre-specified formula in the applicable Final Terms. 
3.1.5 
Risks relating to the exercise of Warrants 
In the case of European Style Warrants, the Warrantholder cannot exercise the Warrants during their term. During 
this period, the value of the Warrants can only be realised by selling the Warrants. Risk: Market participants must 
be found w ho are prepared to purchase the Warrants at an appropriate price. The low er the achievable selling 
price, the greater the loss for the investor. 
In the case of American Style Warrants, the effectiveness of the exercise depends on the submission of an 
Exercise Notice and the delivery of the Warrants to the Paying Agent. The exact conditions for exercising 
effectively are laid dow n in the terms and conditions. Risk: If these conditions are met at a later point in time, the 
Valuation Date w ill also be postponed. Where the number of Warrants to be exercised exceeds the figure specified 
in the Exercise Notice, the excess Warrants shall be transferred back at the expense of the Warrantholder. 
If a certain minimum number of Warrants needs to be exercised, Warrantholders w ho do not have the required 
minimum number are either forced to sell their Warrants or buy more, w ith transaction costs in both cases incurred.  
3.1.6 
Warrants subject to optional early expiration by the Issuer 
An optional early expiration feature of Warrants is likely to limit their market value. Before or during any period 
w hen the relevant Issuer may elect to settle the Warrants early, the market value of those Warrants generally w ill 
not rise substantially above the price at w hich they can be exercised. 
3.1.7 
Warrants subject to Event-linked Early Expiration 
The Final Terms may specify that the Warrants can be subject to an Event-linked Early Expiration if the level of 
the underlying(s) becomes higher than, equal to or below  one or more predefined level(s) on either predefined

--- Page 16 ---
Risk Factors 
 
16 
 
dates or at any time during the life of the Warrants. As a result, for those Warrants w hen the level of the 
underlying(s) reaches the predefined level(s), the Warrantholders w ill not benefit from the performance of the 
underlying(s) subsequent to such event. 
3.1.8 
Early settlement at the option of the Issuer (following a Tax Event, Special Tax Event, Regulatory Event 
or Force Majeure Event or for a decrease in issuance size) 
The Issuer may decide to cancel the Warrants at market value upon the occurrence of certain events (including, 
w ithout limitation, a change in law  or regulation, including tax law , or a force majeure event affecting the Issuer or 
an entity of its group, if the number of Warrants outstanding held at such time by Warrantholders falls below  or 
equal to 10% of the initial number of such w arrants). This could result in Warrantholders receiving an amount on 
cancellation w hich may be low er than the amount of the initial investment and being settled earlier than they had 
anticipated and the Warrantholders w ill not benefit from the performance of the underlying(s) subsequent to such 
event. 
3.1.9 
Risks related to adjustment, substitution or cancellation of the Warrants  
The Terms and Conditions of the Warrants give the Calculation Agent a certain discretion to determine w hether 
any event(s) affecting the Warrants or the underlying(s) has occurred in accordance w ith such Terms and 
Conditions. The Calculation Agent also has certain discretion in order to determine the consequences thereof for 
the Warrants, the underlying(s) or the hedging transactions, including determination of the price of the 
underlying(s) and the choice betw een (a) mechanisms to adjust or substitute the underlying(s), (b) the deduction 
of the increase in the cost of hedging of any amount due, (c) the monetisation and, consequently, the 
de-indexation of the formula of the Warrants for all or part of the amounts due under the Warrants on the 
underlying(s) and/or (d) the early settlement or cancellation of the Warrants by the Issuer, w ithout any obligation 
to take into account the interest of the Warrantholders. In the absence of manifest or proven error, these 
adjustments, substitutions or cancellation decisions w ill be binding upon the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, the 
Agent and the Warrantholders. Each of these measures imposed on the Warrants may result in the total or partial 
loss of the amount invested (regardless of the level of capital protection of the Warrants, if any). 
3.1.10 
Trading in the Warrants and/or Underlyings may be suspended, interrupted or terminated 
If the Warrants are listed on one (or more) regulated or unregulated markets, the trading of such Warrants may – 
depending on the rules applicable to such markets – be suspended or interrupted by the respective stock 
exchange or a competent regulatory authority upon the occurrence of a number of reasons, including violation of 
price limits, breach of statutory provisions, occurrence of operational problems of the stock exchange or generally 
if deemed required in order to secure a functioning market or to safeguard the interests of investors. Furthermore, 
trading in the Warrants may be terminated, either upon decision of the stock exchange or a regulatory authority. 
Where trading in an Underlying of the Warrants is suspended, interrupted or terminated, trading in the respective 
Warrants w ill usually also be suspended, interrupted or terminated and existing orders for the sale or purchase of 
such Warrants w ill usually be cancelled. Investors should note that the Issuer has no influence on trading 
suspension or interruptions and that investors in any event must bear the risks connected therew ith. In particular, 
investors may not be able to sell their Warrants w here trading is suspended, interrupted or terminated, and the 
stock exchange quotations of such Warrants may not adequately reflect the price of such Warrants. All these risks 
w ould, if they materialise, have a material adverse effect on the Warrants. 
3.1.11 
Risks relating to the Paying Agent 
Any payments to Warrantholders w ill be made by the Paying Agent on behalf of the Issuers. The Issuers shall 
transfer to the Paying Agent such amount as may be due under the Warrants on or before each date on w hich 
such payment in respect of the Warrants becomes due. 
If the Paying Agent, w hile holding funds for payment to the Warrantholders in respect of the Warrants, is declared 
insolvent, the Warrantholders may not receive all (or any part) of amounts due to them in respect of the Warrants 
from the Paying Agent in w hich case the Warrantholders w ill have to claim any payment directly to the Issuer.

--- Page 17 ---
Risk Factors 
 
17 
 
3.1.12 
Hedging and trading activity by the Issuers, the Guarantor and other members of the Group could 
potentially affect the value of the Warrants 
In the ordinary course of their business, w hether or not they w ill engage in any secondary market making activities, 
the Issuers, the Guarantor and/or any other members of the Group may effect transactions for their ow n account 
or for the account of their customers and hold long or short positions in any underlying or reference asset(s), 
reference entities or obligors or related derivatives. 
These transactions may affect the Issuers' hedging positions, w hich could in turn impact the market value of the 
Warrants. 
3.1.13 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The relevant Issuer w ill pay principal and interest on the Warrants in the Settlement Currency. This presents 
certain risks relating to currency conversions if Warrantholders’ financial activities are denominated principally in 
a currency or currency unit (the Investor's Currency) other than the Settlement Currency. These include the risk 
that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Settlement Currency 
or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities w ith jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency 
may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the 
Settlement Currency w ould decrease (1) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Warrants, (2) the 
Investor's Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Warrants and (3) the Investor's Currency 
equivalent market value of the Warrants. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, Warrantholders may receive less interest or principal 
than expected, or no interest or principal. 
3.1.14 
Risks relating to Physical Delivery Warrants 
In the case of Warrants w hich are redeemable by delivery of assets, if a Settlement Disruption Event occurs or 
exists on the due date for settlement of the Warrants and prevents delivery of the asset, the Issuer shall, in lieu 
of delivering the Physical Delivery Amount, pay, in respect of each Warrant, the fair market value of the number 
of Underlying(s) (the Fair Market Value) to be delivered converted into the Settlement Currency at the current 
exchange rate, if applicable. The Fair Market Value w ill be determined by the Calculation Agent on the basis of 
the market conditions on the first Business Day follow ing the Delivery Period. 
3.1.15 
Risks relating to Warrants referencing a benchmark 
Amounts due under the Warrants may be determined by reference to Reference Rates that constitute 
"benchmarks" for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended (the Benchmarks Regulation) 
published in the Official Journal of the EU on 29 June 2016 and applicable since 1 January 2018. 
Interest rates and indices w hich are deemed to be "benchmarks" are the subject of national and international 
regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective w hilst others are still 
to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to 
disappear entirely, to be subject to revised calculation methods, or have other consequences w hich cannot be 
predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Warrants linked to or referencing 
such a "benchmark". 
The Benchmarks Regulation applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark 
and the use of a benchmark w ithin the EEA. Notw ithstanding the provisions applying to the Warrants, w hich seek 
to mitigate any adverse effects for the Warrantholders, the Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact 
on any Warrants linked to or referencing a "benchmark", in particular: 
 
an index that is a "benchmark" may not be permitted to be used by a supervised entity (including the 
Issuer) in certain w ays if its administrator does not obtain authorisation or registration or, if based in a

--- Page 18 ---
Risk Factors 
 
18 
 
non-EU jurisdiction, the administrator is not recognised as equivalent or recognised or endorsed and the 
transitional provisions do not apply; and 
 
if the methodology or other terms of the "benchmark" could be changed in order to comply w ith the 
requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect 
of reducing or increasing the rate or level or otherw ise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level 
of the "benchmark" and as a consequence, 
Warrantholders could lose part of their investment or receive less income than w ould have been the case w ithout 
such change. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
"benchmarks", could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherw ise participating in the setting of a 
"benchmark" and complying w ith any such regulations or requirements. 
Such factors may have the follow ing effects on certain "benchmarks": (i) discourage market participants from 
continuing to administer or contribute to the "benchmark"; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used 
in the "benchmark" or (iii) lead to the disappearance of the "benchmark". 
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or 
other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Warrants 
linked to or referencing a "benchmark". 
Investors should be aw are that, if a benchmark w ere discontinued or otherw ise unavailable, the rate of interest 
on Warrants w hich are linked to or w hich reference such benchmark w ill be determined for the relevant period by 
the fall-back provisions applicable to such Warrants – please refer to the risk factor entitled "The occurrence of 
an Index Event could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Warrants linked to or 
referencing such "benchmarks"" below ). Depending on the manner in w hich a benchmark rate is to be determined 
under the Terms and Conditions, this may in certain circumstances (i) result in the application of a 
backw ard-looking, risk-free overnight rate, w hereas the benchmark rate is expressed on the basis of a 
forw ardlooking term and includes a risk-element based on inter-bank lending or (ii) if Screen Rate Determination 
applies, result in the effective application of a fixed rate based on the rate w hich applied in the previous period 
w hen the benchmark w as available. Any of the foregoing could have an adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, 
and return on, any Warrants linked to or referencing a "benchmark". 
Regulation (EU) 2019/2089 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 has amended 
the existing provisions of the Benchmarks Regulation by extending the transitional provisions applicable to 
material benchmarks and third-country benchmarks until the end of 2021. The existing provisions of the 
Benchmarks Regulation w ere further amended by Regulation (EU) 2021/168 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 10 February 2021 published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 12 February 2021 
(the Amending Regulation). 
The Amending Regulation introduces a harmonised approach to deal w ith the cessation or w ind-dow n of certain 
benchmarks by conferring the pow er to designate a statutory replacement for certain benchmarks on the 
European Commission, such replacement being limited to contracts and financial instruments. In addition, the 
transitional provisions applicable to third country benchmarks are extended until the end of 2023. The European 
Commission is empow ered to further extend this period until the end of 2025, if necessary. The Amending 
Regulation applies as of 13 February 2021. 
The FCA has confirmed on 5 March 2021 that all LIBOR settings w ill either cease to be provided by any 
administrator or no longer be representative: 
-immediately after 31 December 2021, in the case of all sterling, euro, Sw iss franc and Japanese yen settings, 
and the 1-w eek and 2-month US dollar settings; and 
-immediately after 30 June 2023, in the case of the remaining US dollar settings.

--- Page 19 ---
Risk Factors 
 
19 
 
Regulatory authorities and central banks are strongly encouraging the transition aw ay from IBORs, such as LIBOR 
and EURIBOR, and have identified 'risk free rates' to replace such IBORs as primary benchmarks. This includes 
(amongst others) (i) for GBP LIBOR, the Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA"), so that SONIA may be 
established as the primary sterling interest rate benchmark by the end of 2021, (ii) for USD LIBOR, the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") to be eventually established as the primary US dollar interest rate benchmark, 
and (iii) for EONIA and EURIBOR, a new  Euro Short-Term Rate ("€STR" or "EuroSTR") as the new  euro risk-free 
rate. Similar initiatives are currently underw ay in respect of each of the LIBOR rates in other currencies -– i.e. 
Japanese Yen (IBOR), Honk Kong Dollar (HIBOR), Sw iss franc (CHF LIBOR), Australian dollar (BBSW) and 
Canadian dollar (CDOR) – to transition over to identified alternative risk free rates. 
The occurrence of an Index Event could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such 
Warrants linked to or referencing such "benchmarks". 
Pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Warrants, occurrence of certain events affecting the benchmarks 
(each an Index Event) such as loss of any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence 
decision, approval or inclusion in any official register in respect of the Reference Rate or the administrator or 
sponsor of the Reference Rate, the permanent cessation of the Reference Rate or the loss of representativeness 
of the Reference Rate w ill trigger the application of certain fallbacks arrangements including if an inter-bank 
offered rate (such as EURIBOR) or other relevant reference rate (w hich could include, w ithout limitation, any 
mid-sw ap rate) becomes unavailable, or if the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, any Paying Agent or any other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) are no longer 
permitted law fully to calculate interest on any Warrants by reference to such benchmark under the Benchmarks 
Regulation or otherw ise. 
Such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the rate of interest could be set by reference to a 
Replacement Reference Rate w ith or w ithout the application of an Adjustment Spread (w hich, if applied, could be 
positive or negative, and w ould be applied w ith a view  to reducing or eliminating, to the fullest extent reasonably 
practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out of the 
replacement of the relevant benchmark) (both as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Warrants), and may 
include amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Warrants to ensure the proper operation of the successor 
or replacement benchmark, all as determined by the Calculation Agent and w ithout the consent of the 
Warrantholders. 
Investors should note that, the Calculation Agent w ill have a certain discretion to determine the Replacement 
Reference, a Rate and as the case may be the Adjustment Spread in the circumstances described above. Any 
such adjustment could have unexpected commercial consequences and, due to the particular circumstances of 
each Warrantholder, any such adjustment may not be favourable to such Warrantholder. 
The reform and eventual replacement of IBORs w ith risk-free rates may cause the relevant IBOR to perform 
differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences w hich cannot be predicted. These 
risk-free rates have a different methodology and other important differences from the IBORs they w ill eventually 
replace. Any of these developments could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on Warrants 
linked to any such rates. 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Warrants allow s Warrants referencing inter alia SONIA, SOFR, the Euro short 
term rate ("€STR"), SARON, TONA to be issued. The market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates, , 
as reference rate in the capital markets, and their adoption as alternative to the relevant interbank offered rates. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk free rates that differs significantly from 
that set out in the Terms and Conditions and used in relation to Warrants that reference a risk free rate issued 
under this Base Prospectus. 
The nascent development of the use of these risk free rates as interest reference rate for bond markets, as w ell 
as continued development of risk free rates-based rates for such markets and of the market infrastructure for 
adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherw ise affect the market

--- Page 20 ---
Risk Factors 
 
20 
 
price of the Warrants. Amounts due under the Warrants w hich reference a risk free rate is only capable of being 
determined shortly prior to the relevant payment date. 
In addition, the Issuer or Calculation Agent has no control over the determination, calculation or publication of 
these risk-free rates. There can be no guarantee that they w ill not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a 
manner that is materially adverse to the interests of Warrantholders. 
The mismatch betw een the adoption of such reference rates in the bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact 
any hedging or other financial arrangements w hich they may put in place in connection w ith any acquisition, 
holding or disposal of any Warrants. 
These risk-free rates may fail to gain market acceptance and any market of the Warrants indexed on these rates 
may be illiquid and unpredictable. Investors should not rely on indicative or historical data concerning these risk 
free rates. The investors are exposed to some discretion of the Calculation Agent to determine the interest rate 
that w ill replace the benchmarks that w ill cease to be published or used and to calculate the amount of interest 
needed to calculate the amounts due under the Warrants on the basis of the risk-free rates. 
3.1.16 
Risks relating to legal, tax and regulatory changes 
Legal, tax and regulatory changes could occur during the term of the Warrants that may adversely affect the 
Warrants, the underlying, related derivatives or the collateral assets in the case of Secured Warrants. The 
regulatory environment is evolving, and changes in the regulation of any entities may adversely affect their value.  
Regulators and self-regulatory organisations and exchanges are authorised to take extraordinary actions in the 
event of market emergencies. The regulation of securities and derivatives transactions is an evolving area of law  
and is subject to modification by government and judicial action. The effect of any future regulatory change on 
the underlying, related derivatives or on the collateral assets could be material, including clearing and margin 
requirements for derivatives and consequently may adversely affect the value of the Warrants. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Warrants (including any non-contractual obligations arising therefrom or 
connected therew ith) are based on relevant law s in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus. No assurance 
can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to such law s, or the official application 
or interpretation of such law s or administrative practices after the date of this Base Prospectus. 
3.1.17 
Limited recourse against SG Issuer and SG Effekten 
Each holder of Warrant(s) issued by SG Issuer or SG Effekten is deemed to have acknow ledged and undertaken, 
on its acquisition of such Warrant(s), that, in the event of a payment default by SG Issuer or SG Effekten of any 
amount due in respect of any Warrants (such payment defaults, Defaulted Payments), such holder shall not 
institute any proceeding, judicial or otherw ise, or otherw ise assert a claim against SG Issuer or SG Effekten to 
enforce such Defaulted Payments and w aives all rights to institute such proceedings or make such c laims in 
respect of such Defaulted Payments against SG Issuer or SG Effekten. 
Nevertheless, Warrantholders w ill continue to be able to claim against the Guarantor in respect of any unpaid 
amount.  
As a consequence, prospective investors in Warrants issued by SG Issuer or SG Effekten should note that in the 
case of Defaulted Payments the entitlement of the Warrantholders w ill be limited to the sums obtained by making 
a claim under the Guarantee, and the relevant provisions of the Guarantee. 
3.1.18 
Waiver of set-off 
Pursuant to the General Terms and Conditions of the Warrants, the Warrantholders w aive any right of or claims 
of set-off, netting, compensation, retention and counterclaim (and, for the avoidance of doubt, including all such 
rights, claims and liabilities arising under or in relation to any and all agreements or other instruments of any sort 
or any non-contractual obligations, in each case w hether or not relating to the Warrants) in relation to the

--- Page 21 ---
Risk Factors 
 
21 
 
Warrants, to the extent permitted by applicable law . As a result, the Warrantholders w ill not at any time be entitled 
to set-off the Issuer’s obligations under the Warrants against obligations ow ed by them to the Issuer. 
3.2 
Risks relating to the market of the Warrants 
3.2.1 
Market value of the Warrants 
At any time, the market value of the Warrants depends essentially on changes in market parameters (price level 
of the underlying(s), interest rates, volatility and credit spreads) and may therefore result in a risk of total or partial 
loss on the amount initially invested. 
3.2.2 
Risks relating to the secondary market of the Warrants  
If the Warrants are subject to market making agreements, the aim is to ensure the liquidity of the Warrants on the 
markets w here they are traded, assuming normal market conditions and normally functioning IT systems. Certain 
exceptional market circumstances may adversely affect the liquidity of the Warrants. Warrantholders may not be 
able to sell their Warrants easily or may have to sell them at a price that significantly affects the amount they earn. 
This may result in a partial or total loss of the amount invested. 
Certain Warrants have materially relevant liquidity risk. Certain exceptional market circumstances may adversely 
affect the liquidity of the Warrants. Warrantholders may not be able to sell their Warrants easily or may have to 
sell them at a price that significantly affects the amount they earn. This may result in a partial or total loss of the 
amount invested. 
There may be no market on w hich Warrants may be traded, w hich may have a material adverse effect on the 
price at w hich such Warrants can be resold and may result in the total or partial loss of the amount invested. The 
Warrants may be completely illiquid and may not be able to be resold. 
3.2.3 
Reinvestment risks 
The Warrants may expire early or be subject to cancellation at a time w hen an investor generally w ould not be 
able to reinvest the proceeds at an expected yield as high as the return on the Warrants being exercised or 
cancelled, as the case may be, and may only be able to do so at a significantly low er yield. Prospective investors 
should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
At any time, the market value of the Warrants depends essentially on changes in market parameters (price level 
of the underlying(s), interest rates, volatility and credit spreads) and may therefore result in a risk of total or partial 
loss on the amount initially invested. 
4. 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO STRUCTURED WARRANTS 
 
4.1 
Common risks relating to all Structured Warrants 
The amounts due under the Structured Warrants are calculated by reference to the prices of the underlying assets 
depending on the indexing formula for these amounts, it being specified that the past performance of an underlying 
asset does not in any w ay prejudge its future performance. Potential investors are exposed to the risk of losing 
all or a substantial part of the amount invested. The issuers or ow ners of assets underlying the Warrants do not 
participate in the offer of the Warrants and have no obligation to take into account the interests of the 
Warrantholders, w hen they take decisions likely to affect the value of these assets. 
4.2 
Fixed Leverage Warrants 
Fixed Leverage Warrants embed a daily leverage mechanism w hich aims to amplify a long or short exposure to 
the underlying to w hich the Fixed Leverage Warrants relate. Amounts payable or deliverable in respect of Fixed

--- Page 22 ---
Risk Factors 
 
22 
 
Leverage Warrants w ill change by a proportionally greater amount than any change to the value of the underlying 
to w hich the Fixed Leverage Warrants relate, w hich may result in investors losing all or a substantial part of their 
investment. The value of Fixed Leverage Warrants can therefore be volatile. In addition, because the exposure 
of Fixed Leverage Warrants to the underlying to w hich they relate is reset on a daily basis, an investor's capital 
could erode very quickly follow ing a continued succession of positive or negative performance of the Warrant 
underlying. Fixed Leverage Warrants may also be subject to a number of costs w hich w ould negatively impact 
the value of the Fixed Leverage Warrants. 
4.3 
Turbo Warrants 
Turbo Warrants usually embed a leverage mechanism w hich aims to amplify a long or short exposure to the 
underlying to w hich the Turbo Warrants relate. Amounts payable or deliverable in respect of Turbo Warrants w ill, 
in these circumstances, change by a proportionally greater amount than any change to the value of the underlying 
to w hich the Turbo Warrants relate, w hich may result in investors losing all or a substantial part of their investment. 
The value of Turbo Warrants can therefore be volatile. Turbo Warrants may also be subject to a number of costs 
w hich w ould negatively impact the value of the Turbo Warrants. 
4.4 
Risks relating to Structured Warrants linked to an Index 
The policies of the sponsor of an index as regards additions, deletions and substitutions of the assets underlying 
the index and the manner in w hich the index sponsor takes account of certain changes affecting such underlying 
assets may affect the value of the index. 
The policies of an index sponsor w ith respect to the calculation of an index could also affect the value of the index. 
An index sponsor may discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of information relating to its index. Any 
such actions could affect the value of the Warrants. 
An index sponsor may at any time during the life of the Warrants discontinue or suspend calculation or 
dissemination of information relating to its index. As a consequence, investors in Index Linked Warrants are 
exposed to the risk of discontinuance of the operational capacity and expertise of the Index Sponsor to ensure 
the calculation and maintenance of the index according to the methodology in force throughout the life of the 
Warrants. 
4.4.1 
Risks relating to Structured Warrants linked to an SGI Index 
The composition of certain indices to w hich the Warrants are linked, and the methodologies used in relation to 
these indices, can be determined and selected by Societe Generale or one of its related companies. In the choice 
of these methodologies, it can be expected that Societe Generale or the relevant related company of Societe 
Generale w ill take into account its ow n objectives and interests and / or those of the Group, and no guarantee 
can be given that the methodologies chosen w ill not be less favorable for the interests of investors than the 
methodologies used by other index sponsors in comparable circumstances. 
If the hedging activities of Societe Generale or one of its related companies are disrupted in relation to a particular 
index, Societe Generale or the related company concerned may decide to end the calculations of this index, 
sooner than w ould another index sponsor in comparable circumstances. This could cause adjustments, 
de-indexation, substitution of the Index or the early cancellation or expiration of the Warrants. 
4.4.2 
Conflicts of interest in connection with proprietary indices  
Societe Generale acts as sponsor of proprietary indices (SGI Indices). These indices are calculated by an external 
calculation agent in accordance w ith rules, w hich describe the methodology for determining the composition and 
calculation of these proprietary indices (the Rules). 
(i) 
With regard to proprietary indices composed in a discretionary basis by Societe Generale or an affiliate of Societe 
Generale to w hich Warrants are linked, Societe Generale may face a conflict of interest betw een its obligations

--- Page 23 ---
Risk Factors 
 
23 
 
as issuer of these Warrants and as a composer of these indices, given that the determination of the composition 
of these indices may have an impact on the value of the Warrants. 
(ii) 
With regard to proprietary indices composed by a third party to w hich the Warrants are linked, Societe Generale 
may face a conflict of interest betw een its obligations as issuer of these Warrants and as a sponsor of these 
indices, insofar as it can modify or supplement the Rules, in accordance w ith the Rules, w hich may have an 
impact on the value of the Warrants. 
(iii) 
With regard to proprietary indices composed by the application of a mathematical formula in a non-discretionary 
manner by Societe Generale or any third party, Societe Generale may face a conflict of interest betw een its 
obligations as issuer of these Warrants and as a sponsor of these indices, insofar as it may modify, in accordance 
w ith the Rules, certain parameters (such as the funding spread) or provide the assessment of certain components, 
w hich may have an impact on the value of the Warrants. 
4.5 
Risks relating to Structured Warrants linked to a Fund 
4.5.1 
Risks relating to underlying Funds 
Some Funds may have little or no oversight and regulation, w hich can increase the likelihood of fraud and 
negligence on the part of Fund managers and / or investment advisers, their brokerage firm or the banks. 
The Funds may include complex tax structures and deferrals in the distribution of important tax information. 
The Funds on w hich Structured Warrants may be indexed may not publish information on their transactions and 
portfolios. 
The members of the Group may from time to time obtain information on specific Funds, w hich may not be available 
to the general public in the ordinary course of their business, and not in relation to the offer of Warrants (including 
as funds w hich are managed by managers part of Societe Generale group). As part of the ordinary course of their 
business, Group members may recommend, or decide not to recommend, certain specific Funds to their 
customers, w hich may appear, currently or in the future, among the underlying funds used in the pay-off formula 
of Structured Warrants. All the positions that may be taken by the members of the Group in respect of the expected 
future performance of one or more funds (including in respect of funds w hich are managed by managers part of 
Societe Generale group) do not constitute an indication of the future performance of this/these funds. 
4.5.2 
Fund managers' investment strategies 
The fund managers (including a manager that is part of Societe Generale group) do not participate in the offer of 
the Warrants in any w ay and have no obligation to take into account the interest of the Warrantholders in taking 
measures w hich could have an impact on the value of the shares or units of the underlying funds and therefore 
on the value of the Warrants. 
The manager and / or investment advisor of the Underlying Fund w ho implements the investment strategy of the 
Fund may decide to invest in financial assets or instruments w hich themselves carry risk w ith a view  to maximizing 
profits, including by borrow ing amounts that may represent more than 100% of the Fund's asset value. The 
manager and / or investment adviser may be all the more encouraged w hen his remuneration is indexed to the 
performance of the Fund. These elements can have a significant negative impact on the share / share of the 
Underlying Fund and therefore on the value of the Warrants. 
4.5.3 
Fund managers and/or investment advisors of the underlying fund(s) 
The performance of underlying Fund(s) w ill depend to a considerable extent on the performance of the fund's 
managers and/or investment advisors of the Fund(s). Investors in Fund Linked Warrants are therefore exposed 
to the risk of fraud and misrepresentation by unaffiliated fund managers or investment advisers. In addition, the 
fund managers and/or the investment advisors may be removed or replaced, the allocation of assets may vary

--- Page 24 ---
Risk Factors 
 
24 
 
from time to time and the various positions of the investments of the underlying Fund(s) may be economically 
offsetting, all of w hich may affect the performance of the underlying Fund(s). 
The fund managers and/or the investment advisors may manage or advise other funds and/or accounts and may 
have financial and other incentives to favour such other funds and/or accounts over the underlying Fund(s). Also, 
the fund managers and/or the investment advisors may manage or advise for their ow n accounts and the accounts 
of their clients and may make recommendations or take positions similar or dissimilar to those of the underlying 
Fund(s) or w hich may compete w ith the underlying Fund(s). 
4.5.4 
Fees, deductions and charges will reduce any amounts due by the Issuer under the Warrants  
Fund fees and expenses w ill be deducted from the net asset value of the fund that may offset the Fund's trading 
profits, and hence reduce the value of the Fund units. 
Accordingly, to the extent that any amount due by the Issuer under the Warrants is linked to the net asset value 
of a fund, such amount payable to Warrantholders w ill be less than it w ould have been absent these fees, 
deductions and charges. 
4.5.5 
The illiquidity of the underlying Fund's investments or the occurrence of certain extraordinary events 
may cause the determination of any amounts due by the relevant Issuer under the Warrants to be reduced 
or delayed. 
The settlement and other relevant amounts due to investors in Fund Linked Warrants depend on the redemption 
proceeds of the units / shares of the Fund w hich w ill be paid by the underlying under a valid redemption order 
given by a hypothetical investor w ith effect as of the relevant valuation date. Substantial redemption orders on 
units/shares of an underlying Fund on a particular day (including by Societe Generale in liquidating the hedge 
relating to Structured Warrants) could require such funds to liquidate positions more rapidly than w ould be 
otherw ise desirable and have a negative impact on the market value of the Warrants. Many funds have provisions 
w hereby redemption requests are scaled back if the aggregate amount of such requests reaches a predetermined 
limit or w here redemption orders can be delayed or suspended discretionarily. 
Investments of the underlying Fund may also not be readily saleable on or shortly after a redemption order if they 
are illiquid. 
If the proceeds from the redemption of the units or shares have not been paid by the underlying Fund on the 
initially Scheduled Settlement Date or on any early expiration date, the payment of any amount due by the relevant 
Issuer may be postponed after the settlement date up to a maximum period of tw o years or as specified in the 
Final Terms. If at the expiry of this period, the underlying Fund has not paid in full the redemption proceeds or the 
units or shares, the amount due under the Warrants shall be determined by the Calculation Agent on the basis of 
w hat has actually been paid by the underlying Fund. The amount received by the investors in the Warrants may 
be as low  as zero. 
4.5.6 
Risks relating to master-feeder structure 
The underlying Fund(s) may invest as a “feeder” fund of a “master” fund, alongside present and future additional 
investors or feeder funds. 
The underlying Fund(s) may be materially affected by the actions of such other investors and feeder  funds 
investing in the master fund, particularly if they have large investments in the master fund. If such other investors 
or feeder funds w ith a large investment in the master fund redeem from the master fund, illiquidity in certain 
securities or markets could make it difficult for the master fund to liquidate positions on favourable terms to effect 
such redemption, w hich could result in losses or a decrease in the net asset value of the unit/share of the master 
fund and hence in the market value of the Warrants. In addition, to satisfy such redemptions, the sub-manager 
may need to liquidate the master fund's most liquid investments; leaving remaining investors (including the 
underlying fund(s)) invested in more illiquid instruments. Such w ithdraw als may also leave the master fund w ith 
a less diversified pool of investments. This may increase the overall portfolio risk of the master fund, and,

--- Page 25 ---
Risk Factors 
 
25 
 
ultimately, the Warrants. Conversely, the sub-manager of the master-fund may refuse a redemption request if it 
believes that such request, if fulfilled, w ould have a material adverse impact on the remaining investors of the 
master fund. This may negatively impact the liquidity of the master fund and, therefore, the underlying fund(s) and 
the Warrants. 
4.6 
Risks relating to Structured Warrants linked to Credit 
Warrantholders are exposed, from a date specified in the applicable Final Terms, w hich may be earlier than the 
date of their decision to invest in the Warrants or the Issue Date, to events related to the creditw orthiness of the 
Reference Entities. Upon the occurrence of such events, the amount paid or the value of the underlying assets 
received at settlement of the Warrants (after deduction of the costs, break funding charges, loss of funding, tax 
and duties) determined by reference to the value of the debt of the Reference Entity may be less than the invested 
amount. 
In certain circumstances the period betw een the date on w hich the existence of a Credit Event is established and 
valuation may be as long as 180 days. Therefore, settlement, or as the case may be, notice that no amount is 
due under the Credit Linked Warrants, may occur several months after the relevant Credit Event on a date w hich 
may be much later than the Scheduled Expiration Date of the Warrants. 
4.6.1 
Risk in respect of Tranche Warrants 
Tranche Warrants are Warrants w hich are exposed to the credit risk of a list of Reference Entities, starting from 
an attachment point and ending on a detachment point (both expressed in percentages by reference to such list 
of Reference Entities). The amounts due under the Warrants payable to the Warrantholder w ill start to be impacted 
w hen the sum of losses incurred on the list of Reference Entities w ill have reached the attachment point, and 
100% of the amounts due under the Warrants payable to the Warrantholder w ill be fully lost w hen the sum of 
losses w ill have reached the detachment point. The sum of such losses is expressed in percentages by reference 
to the list of Reference Entities. 
Compared to an investment in a basket of the same list of Reference Entities, investment in Tranche Warrants 
creates a leverage effect on the credit risk exposure of the Reference Entities. When the trigger threshold for a 
credit event is reached, the amount due under the Warrants payable to the Warrantholder w ill be impacted more 
strongly the closer the detachment point is and the faster the detachment point is reached. The leverage effect 
comes from the impact of each affected Reference Entity in Tranche Warrants once the attachment point has  
been reached. The leverage effect depends on the w idth of the tranche (detachment point minus attachment 
point) and is much higher compared to the impact the same Reference Entity has in a basket of Reference Entities 
w hich are not Tranche Warrants. 
4.6.2 
Risk in respect of Basket Warrants 
In respect of Basket Warrants, the greater the number of Reference Entities subject to a Credit Event, the low er 
the amount due under the Warrants w ill be. Conversely, the few er the Reference Entities, the greater the impact 
of a Credit Event affecting one of them w ill be on the Settlement Amount. 
4.6.3 
Risk in respect of Credit Linked bespoke Basket Warrants 
In respect of bespoke Basket Warrants, the greater the number of Reference Entities subject to a Credit Event, 
the low er the Settlement Amount w ill be. Conversely, the few er the Reference Entities, the greater the impact of 
a Credit Event affecting one of them w ill be on the Settlement Amount. 
The concentration of the Reference Entities in any one industry or geographic region w ould subject the Warrants 
to a greater degree of risk w ith respect to economic dow nturns relating to such industry or geographic region.

--- Page 26 ---
Risk Factors 
 
26 
 
4.6.4 
Increased risk in respect of First-to-Default Warrants 
First-to-Default Warrants are Warrants w here the credit risk to the Warrantholder is materialised on the occurrence 
of the first credit event of any Reference Entity in a basket of Reference Entities. Given that the credit risk to the 
Warrantholder can materialise on the occurrence of the first credit event of any Reference Entity in the basket, 
the Warrantholder can lose a significant part or all of its investment in the Warrants as soon as one single 
Reference Entity in the basket becomes subject to a credit event. In addition, the more Reference Entities there 
are in the basket of Reference Entities, the more likely it is that a credit event can occur, and the greater the 
degree of risk that the Warrantholder may lose its entire principal invested in the Warrants. 
4.6.5 
Valuation and settlement in case of Credit Event 
Under the terms of the Warrants, w here Societe Generale acts as Calculation Agent, it may, for the purposes of 
determining the amount due under the Credit Linked Warrants under the Quotation Dealers Method or the 
Physical Delivery Amount follow ing one or more Credit Event(s), select obligations w ith the low est price of any 
obligations w hich meet the relevant criteria. 
4.6.6 
Floating recovery 
Where Floating Recovery is specified in the related Final Terms, the terms of the Credit Linked Warrants provide 
that the Calculation Agent w ill, depending on the election mentioned in the related Final Terms, determine the 
Final Value either by obtaining quotations from Quotation Dealers in respect of Selected Obligation(s) or by 
reference to Transaction Auction Settlement Terms. In this regard, investors should note that: (A) the Final Value 
as determined by reference to Transaction Auction Settlement Terms may be low er than the Final Value 
determined otherw ise and w ill typically reduce the amount due under the Warrants; and (B) (i) if Transaction 
Auction Settlement Terms are not published or (ii) a Fallback Settlement Event occurs w ithin a certain period and 
if it is not possible to obtain quotations from Quotation Dealers for the Selected Obligations w ithin a further period, 
the Final Value of the Selected Obligations w ill be deemed to be zero and therefore the amount due under the 
Warrants w ill be equal to zero. 
4.6.7 
Fixed Recovery 
Where Fixed Recovery is specified in the applicable Final Terms (w hich can be zero) , the terms of Credit Linked 
Warrants provide that the Final Value of a Reference Entity in respect of w hich a Credit Event Determination Date 
has occurred w ill be equal to the fixed percentage of the Notional Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(w hich can be zero). 
This percentage may be low er than the recovery value, w hich w ould have been determined by reference to prices 
quoted by market participants or by using an auction valuation method in respect of such Reference Entity, or 
even be equal to zero. 
4.6.8 
Deferral of valuation and/or payments 
In certain circumstances the period betw een the date on w hich the existence of a Credit Event is established and 
valuation may be as long as 180 days therefore, settlement, or as the case may be, notice that no amount is due 
under the Credit Linked Warrants, may occur several months after the relevant Credit Event on a date w hich may 
be much later than the Scheduled Expiration Date of the Warrants. 
4.7 
Risks relating to Structured Warrants linked to a Bond 
Warrantholders are exposed as from a date specified in the Final Terms (w hich may be earlier than the date of 
their decision to invest in the Warrants or the Issue Date) to events (specified in the Final Terms) relating to the 
creditw orthiness of the relevant Bond Issuer. In the event of the occurrence of one of these events, the amount 
paid or the value of the Bond received, at settlement of the Warrants (after deduction of costs, breakage cost 
funding charges, loss of funding, taxes and duties) determined by reference to the value of  the Bond(s) may be 
less than the amount invested. In addition, interest-bearing Bond Linked Warrants may cease to bear interest on

--- Page 27 ---
Risk Factors 
 
27 
 
or prior to the date of occurrence of such. events. Investors' attention is draw n to the fact that no, or an amount 
reduced of Bond Event Amount may be due under the Bond Linked Warrants and settlement (w hether American 
Settlement or European Settlement is specified in the applicable Final Terms) may occur several months or years 
after the relevant Bond Event and on a date w hich may be later than the Scheduled Expiration Date of the 
Warrants. 
4.7.1 
Ranking of the Bonds 
Depending on the ranking, the obligations of the Bond Issuer, may rank junior in priority of payment to 
unsubordinated creditors, to holders of subordinated obligations expressed by their terms to rank in priority to the 
Bonds and/or to creditors preferred by mandatory and/or overriding provisions of law . In the event of incomplete 
payment to creditors that rank senior to the ranking of the Bonds, the obligations of the Bond Issuer and/or the 
Bond Guarantor, as the case may be, in connection w ith the Bonds may be terminated. The ranking of the Bonds 
may accordingly increase the credit risk on the Bond Issuer and/or the Bond Guarantor as the case may be and 
as a result may increase the likelihood of the occurrence of a Bond Event(s). 
4.7.2 
Risk in respect of Bond Linked Warrants on Basket Warrants  
In respect of Basket Warrants, the greater the number of Bonds in the basket subject to a Bond Event, the low er 
the amount due under the Warrants w ill be. Conversely, the few er the Bonds in the basket, the greater the impact 
of a Bond Event affecting one of them w ill be on the Settlement Amount. The concentration of the Bond Issuers 
in any one industry or geographic region w ould subject the Warrants to a greater degree of risk w ith respect to 
economic dow nturns relating to such industry or geographic region. 
4.7.3 
Floating recovery 
Where Floating Recovery is specified in the related Final Terms, the Calculation Agent w ill determine the Bond 
Final Value by obtaining quotations from Quotation Dealers in respect of the Bonds. In this regard, investors 
should note that: (i) the Bond Final Value as determined by the Calculation Agent may be low er than the Bonds' 
market value determined otherw ise and w ill typically reduce the amount due under the Warrants and (ii) such 
Bond Final Value cannot exceed 100% (unless otherw ise specified in the applicable Final Terms) of the Bond 
Notional Amount irrespective of the Bonds market value determined otherw ise. 
4.7.4 
Fixed Recovery 
Where Fixed Recovery is specified in the related Final Terms, the Additional Terms and Conditions for Bond 
Linked Warrants provide that the Bond Final Value of a Bond in respect of w hich a Bond Event Determination 
Date has occurred w ill be equal to the fixed percentage of the Notional Amount specified in the related Final 
Terms. 
This percentage may be low er than the recovery value, w hich w ould have been determined by reference to prices 
quoted by market participants or by using an auction valuation method in respect of such Bond or may even be 
equal to zero. 
4.7.5 
Exposure to a hypothetical transaction and Breakage Cost Amount 
Where the Warrants include reference to a hypothetical transaction deemed entered into betw een Societe 
Generale and a hypothetical counterparty, the Warrants w ill also be linked to this hypothetical transaction. The 
Settlement Amount or the Bond Event Amount due under the Warrants may be adversely affected by this 
hypothetical transaction. 
If the Breakage Cost Amount option is specified as applicable in the related Final Terms and a Bond Event 
Determination Date occurs in respect of a Bond, Warrantholders are exposed to the mark-to-market variation 
betw een (i) the date on w hich a Bond Event has first occurred and the (ii) the date on w hich, (a) if Bond Final 
Value is stated as Fixed Recovery is applicable, a Bond Event Notice is delivered to the relevant Clearing System 
for the information of the Warrantholders or (b) if a Bond Final Value is stated as Floating Recovery, the Bond

--- Page 28 ---
Risk Factors 
 
28 
 
Final Price is calculated by the Calculation Agent of (x) a repurchase transaction entered into by Societe Generale 
(if any) w ith the Bond as underlying asset (w hose purpose for Societe Generale as the hedging counterparty of 
the Issuer is to refinance the relevant Bond) and (y) a repurchase transaction entered into by Societe Generale 
(if any) w ith the Collateral Assets as underlying asset (w hose purpose for Societe Generale as the hedging 
counterparty of the Issuer is to refinance the relevant Collateral Assets). As a consequence, the Bond Event 
Amount to be received by the Warrantholders on the relevant Bond Linked Warrants may be reduced, potentially 
dow n to zero. 
4.8 
Risks relating to Structured Warrants linked to a Foreign Exchange Rate  
The performance of Foreign Exchange Rates, currency units or units of account are dependent upon the supply 
and demand for currencies in the international foreign exchange markets, w hich are subject to economic factors, 
including inflation rates in the countries concerned, interest rate differences betw een the respective countries, 
economic forecasts, international political factors, fiscal and monetary policy, government debt, currency 
convertibility and safety of making financial investments in the currency concerned, speculation and intervening 
measures taken by governments and central banks. Such measures include, w ithout limitation, imposition of 
regulatory controls or taxes, issuance of a new  currency to replace an existing currency, alteration of the exchange 
rate or exchange characteristics by devaluation or revaluation of a currency or imposition of exchange controls 
w ith respect to the exchange or transfer of a specified currency that w ould affect exchange rates as w ell as the 
availability of a specified currency. Any such measures could have a negative impact on the performance of a 
Foreign Exchange Rate and consequently the value of the Warrants. 
Currency exchange risks can be expected to heighten in periods of financial turmoil. In periods of financial turmoil, 
capital can move quickly out of regions that are perceived to be more vulnerable to the effects of a crisis w ith 
sudden and severely adverse consequences to the currencies of those regions as a result. In addition, 
governments around the w orld have recently made, and may be expected to continue to make, very significant 
interventions in their economies, and sometimes directly in their currencies. It is not possible to predict the effect 
of any future legal or regulatory action relating to a currency. Further interventions, other government actions or 
suspensions of actions, as w ell as other changes in government economic policy or other financial or economic 
events affecting the currency markets – including the replacement of entire currencies w ith new  currencies – may 
cause Foreign Exchange Rates to fluctuate sharply in the future, w hich could have a negative impact on the value 
of the Warrants. 
4.9 
Risks relating to Structured Warrants linked to Inflation 
The level of an Inflation Index may lag or otherw ise not track the actual level of inflation in the relevant jurisdiction. 
Inflation Indices may not correlate w ith other indices and may not correlate perfectly w ith the rate of inflation 
observed by purchasers of the Inflation Linked Warrants in such jurisdiction. The value of the Inflation Linked 
Warrants w hich are linked to an Inflation Index may be based on a calculation made by reference to such Inflation 
Index for a month w hich is several months prior to the date of payment on the Inflation Linked Warrants and 
therefore could be substantially different from the level of inflation at the time of the payment on the Inflation 
Linked Warrants. 
Upon the occurrence of certain events in relation to an Inflation Index, e.g., the Inflation Index level has not been 
published or is discontinued or is corrected or such Inflation Index is rebased or materially modified, then 
depending on the particular event, the Issuer may determine the level, substitute the original Inflation Index, adjust 
the terms and conditions of the Inflation Linked Warrants or cancel the Inflation Linked Warrants. Any such event 
and its consequences may have an adverse effect on the value of the Inflation Linked Warrants. 
4.10 
Risks relating to Structured Warrants linked to ETP and to ETF 
4.10.1 
Exchange traded products and Exchange traded funds are subject to market trading risks 
An ETP or an ETF faces numerous market trading risks, including but not limited to the potential lack of an active 
market, losses from trading in secondary markets, periods of high volatility, limited liquidity and disruption in the

--- Page 29 ---
Risk Factors 
 
29 
 
creation or redemption process of such ETP or such ETF. If any of these risks materialises, this may lead to the 
ETP or ETF shares trading at a premium or discount to its fair market value. 
4.10.2 
Action or non-performance by the ETP issuer, the sponsor of the ETP or the Calculation Agent or by the 
management company, fund administrator or sponsor of an ETF that may adversely affect the Warrants  
In case of an ETP Linked Warrants, the ETP issuer and/or the sponsor of the ETP and in case of an ETF Linked 
Warrants, the management company, fund administrator or sponsor of an ETF w ill have no involvement in the 
offer and sale of the Warrants and w ill have no obligation to any purchaser of such Warrants. In its day-to-day 
operations and its investment strategy, an ETP w ill rely on the ETP issuer, the sponsor of the ETP and the 
Calculation Agent and an ETF w ill rely on the fund advisor, the investment advisor, the management company 
and/or on third parties providing services such as safekeeping of assets or acting as counterparty to derivatives 
or other instruments used by such ETF to employ its investment strategy. The insolvency or non-performance of 
services of any such persons or institutions may expose an ETP or an ETF to lose value. Failure of procedures 
or systems, as w ell as human error or external events associated w ith, in case of an ETP, an ETP's issuer, 
sponsor or Calculation Agent and in case of an ETF, an ETF's management and/or administration, may reduce 
the value of the ETP or the ETF and affect the market value of the Warrants. 
4.10.3 
Credit risk of the issuer of the ETP or the ETF 
The value of the ETP Linked Warrants or the ETF Linked Warrants is dependent on the value of the ETPs or the 
ETFs, w hich w ill depend in part on the creditw orthiness of the issuer of the ETPs or of the ETFs, w hich may vary 
over the term of the relevant Warrants. 
4.10.4 
Exposure to the ETP Underlying 
ETPs usually aim to track the performance of an underlying financial instrument or basket thereof, w hich may 
include, w ithout limitation, listed equities, commodities, interest rates, foreign exchange rates, debt instruments, 
derivatives or any index thereof (the ETP Underlying). In addition, w hen compared to exchange traded funds, 
exposure to ETPs may involve a higher level of leverage and/or short exposures and/or more concentrated 
exposures. 
Prospective investors should also consider the risk factors in respect of the risks involved in investing in ETPs 
including, w ithout limitation, risks relating to the ETP Underlying and to the underlying economics of the ETPs. 
Consequently, prospective investors should review  the ETP Conditions and consult w ith their ow n professional 
advisers if they consider it necessary. 
4.10.5 
Risk that the ETP does not accurately track its underlyings’ performance 
Where the Warrants are linked to an ETP, Warrantholders are exposed to the performance of such ETP and not 
necessarily the performance of the ETP Underlying. Accordingly, investors w ho purchase Warrants that are linked 
to an ETP may receive a different return than if such investors had directly invested into the ETP units or the ETP 
Underlyings. 
4.10.6 
Where the underlying Asset is an exchange traded fund, there is a risk that such Exchange Traded Fund 
will not accurately track its underlying share or index 
Where the Warrants are linked to an exchange traded fund (an ETF) and the investment objective of such ETF is 
to track the performance of a share or an index, the investors of such Warrants are exposed to the performance 
of such ETF rather than the underlying share or index such ETF tracks. For certain reasons, including to comply 
w ith certain tax and regulatory constraints, an ETF may not be able to track or replicate the constituent securities 
of the underlying share or index, w hich could give rise to a difference betw een the performance of the underlying 
share or index and such ETF. Accordingly, investors w ho purchase Warrants that are linked to an ETF may 
receive a low er return than if such investors had invested in the share or the index underlying of such ETF directly.

--- Page 30 ---
Risk Factors 
 
30 
 
4.10.7 
Exchange traded funds not actively managed 
When the investment objective of an ETF is to track the performance of an index or other asset, such ETF may 
be affected by general movements in market segments related to the index or other asset it is tracking. Such an 
ETF invests in instruments included in, or that are representative of, the index or other asset it is tracking 
regardless of their investment merits. 
4.10.8 
Exchange traded funds may engage in securities lending 
Securities lending involves the risk that the ETF may lose money because the borrow er of the ETF's loaned 
securities fails to return the securities in a timely manner or at all or that insufficient collateral has been posted in 
respect of such securities lending transaction. 
4.11 
Risks relating to Structured Warrants linked to a Reference Rate  
The performance of the Reference Rates is dependent on economic factors, including inflation rates in the 
relevant countries, economic forecasts, international political factors, monetary and fiscal policy, government debt, 
speculation and actions taken by governments and central banks. Such factors could have a negative impact on 
the performance of the Reference Rate and consequently on the value of the Warrants. These factors can be 
expected to intensify in periods of financial turmoil. 
4.12 
Risks relating to Future Linked Warrants 
An investment in Future Linked Warrants may bear similar market risks as a direct investment in the relevant 
future contract(s). The value of the future contract(s) underlying the Warrants may vary over time and may 
increase or decrease by reference to a variety of factors w hich include the factors affecting the Future Underlier, 
as defined in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Future Linked Warrants. 
Futures contracts have a predetermined Expiry Date as defined in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Future 
Linked Warrants. If the applicable Final Terms specify that Roll Adjustment applies, the Warrants are valued by 
reference to futures contracts that have an Expiry Date that does not correspond to the term of the Warrants, 
consequently the Calculation Agent w ill roll the Future Contracts (the Roll Adjustment) which means that the 
future contracts that is the closest to expiration (the Active Future Contract) w ill be replaced before it expires by 
a future contract that has an Expiry Date later in the future (the Next Active Future Contract). 
On each Roll Date, the price of the Active Future Contract may be low er than (respectively higher than) the price 
of the Next Active Future Contract if the future curve is in contango (respectively in backw ardation). The Roll 
Adjustment may as a consequence have either a positive or negative impact on the value of the Warrants. This 
may result in a partial or total loss of the investment in the Warrants. 
In addition to the effects of contango and backw ardation, each "roll" may generate costs that w ill be taken by the 
Calculation Agent. These costs correspond to the expenses incurred in replacing the futures contract (transaction 
costs) and may have an adverse effect on the return of the Warrants. 
Prospective purchasers of Warrants should be aw are that in respect of Warrants on futures contract that are 
rolled, the potential negative impact on the value of the Warrants induced by the roll may lead to a performance 
of the Warrants low er than the performance that w ould have been generated by Warrants on the Future Underlier 
itself. 
4.13 
Risks relating to Portfolio Linked Warrants 
The market value of Portfolio Linked Warrants w ill fluctuate up or dow n depending on the performance of the 
relevant components of the Portfolio such as equity, debt or derivative securities, indices, investments, funds, 
exchange traded funds, commodities, credit, baskets of securities or indices, currencies, portfolios and trading 
strategies. Such performance may be affected by changes in the value of the different components in the Portfolio 
to w hich the relevant issue of Portfolio Linked Warrants relates. This value may be affected by (i) the economic,

--- Page 31 ---
Risk Factors 
 
31 
 
financial and political events in one or more jurisdictions, including the stock exchange(s) or quotation system(s) 
on w hich any component comprising the Portfolio may be traded, (ii) risks highlighted in section "Risk Factors" 
(Risk factors relating to Structured Warrants) relating to individual types of underlyings w hich are included in the 
relevant Portfolio and (iii) other factors set out elsew here in "Risk Factors". The composition of the Portfolio may 
be designed to change over time as a result of performance or other factors. 
As a result, if the performance of the Portfolio is negative, the value of the Portfolio Linked Warrants reference 
w ill be adversely affected. Purchasers of Portfolio Linked Warrants risk losing all or a part of their investment if 
the value of the Portfolio falls. 
Consequently, prospective investors, w hen considering investing in Portfolio Linked Warrants, should also 
consider the risk factors linked to the Portfolio Components. 
In addition, there may be correlation betw een price movements of one component and the price movements of 
another component of the Portfolio that may have a negative impact on the value of the Portfolio. As such, the 
value of Portfolio Linked Warrants can therefore be volatile and this may result in Warrantholders losing all, or a 
substantial part, of their investment. 
In addition, Portfolio Linked Warrants may be subject to a number of costs w hich w ould negatively impact the 
value of the Portfolio Linked Warrants. 
4.13.1 
Risks relating to actively managed Portfolio Linked Warrants 
Exposure to the Dynamic Portfolio 
Holders of Warrants linked to a Dynamic Portfolio are exposed to the risk of changes in the market value of such 
Warrants resulting from both changes in the prices of the assets comprising the Dynamic Portfolio and 
recommendations for replacement or w eighting of the assets comprising the Weighting Adviser's Portfolio. 
Risks relating to the Weighting Advisor 
Investors in actively managed Portfolio Linked Warrants are exposed to the risk of the operational capacity and 
expertise of the Weighting Adviser to provide recommendations for replacement or w eighting of the assets 
comprising the Portfolio throughout the life of the Warrants. 
Even though the Issuer and the Calculation Agent have designated the Weighting Advisor, the Weighting Advisor 
shall act in the exclusive interest of the Warrantholders. Consequently, the Weighting Advisor is exclusively 
responsible to the Warrantholders for any recommendations for replacement or w eighting of the assets compris ing 
the Portfolio or for any fraud, negligence or misrepresentation. 
In addition, in the event of termination of the Weighting Advisory Agreement, investors are exposed to the risk of 
de-indexation to the Dynamic Portfolio and a monetary return, replacement of the Weighting Advisor or early 
settlement of the Warrants. 
Warrantholders should refer to the Weighting Advisory Agreement for more information. 
Risk of conflict of interests between the Issuers, the Guarantor, the Calculation Agent and the Weighting Advisor 
and the Warrantholders 
The Issuers, the Guarantor, the Calculation Agent or the Weighting Advisor, may engage in trading and other 
business activities relating to the Portfolio Components w ithout regards to the Warrants and that are not for the 
Warrantholders' accounts or on behalf of the Warrantholders

--- Page 32 ---
Risk Factors 
 
32 
 
5. 
ADDITIONAL RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH SECURED WARRANTS (ISSUED BY SG ISSUER ONLY) 
5.1 
Risks relating to the Collateral Assets 
 
There is no guarantee that the Collateral Assets w ill be sufficient to ensure that, follow ing enforcement of a Pledge 
Agreement, the amounts available for distribution or the value of the Collateral Assets available to be delivered 
w ill be sufficient to pay all amounts due to Warrantholders in respect of the relevant Secured Warrants. In addition, 
Collateral Percentage may be low er than 100%. In that case the Warrantholders w ill still have a claim against the 
Guarantor for any unpaid amounts. 
 
The value of the assets used as collateral value can be 3 per cent low er than the required collateral value. This 
tolerance threshold amplifies most of the risks associated w ith Secured Warrants described herein and in 
particular the risk that follow ing enforcement of a Pledge Agreement, the amounts available for distribution or the 
value of the Collateral Assets available to be delivered by the Security Trustee or the Security Agent w ill not be 
sufficient to pay all amounts due to Warrantholders in respect of the relevant Secured Warrants. In that case, the 
Warrantholders w ill still have a claim against the Guarantor for any unpaid amounts. 
 
Lack of diversification of the Collateral Assets 
In case of low  diversification of the Collateral Assets in a Collateral Pool pursuant to the Eligibility Criteria and the 
Collateral Rules, any depreciation in the value of such assets in the period betw een the most recent Collateral 
Test Date and the realisation of the Collateral Assets w ill have a proportionally larger impact on any shortfall as 
the amount recovered in respect of the Collateral Assets on their sale w ill be dependent on the then current market 
value of a smaller range of Collateral Assets. 
 
"Haircut" applied to Collateral Assets 
The level(s) of Haircut specified in the applicable Final Terms is intended to reflect the risk of a depreciation in 
the value of Collateral Assets in the period betw een the most recent Collateral Test Date and the date on w hich 
such Collateral Assets may be realised. Investors should note that the value of a Collateral Asset may change 
over time and the Haircut applied to the Collateral Assets may become outdated and may not provide suitable 
protection against a potential depreciation in value of the relevant Collateral Asset. 
 
Illiquid Collateral Assets 
Certain of the Collateral Assets may be illiquid and not easily or not at all realisable in certain market 
circumstances or can only be sold at a discounted value. In that case, investors may receive the delivery of the 
Collateral Assets as if Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets w ere applicable in relation thereto. 
5.2 
Secured Warrant Acceleration Event and Enforcement of the security 
A Warrantholder is only entitled to send a Collateral Enforcement Notice if neither SG Issuer nor the Guarantor 
has paid all amounts due to such Warrantholder w ithin a period of 3 Collateral Business Days follow ing the 
occurrence of the relevant Secured Warrants Acceleration Event. 
During the 3 Collateral Business Days period there may be a depreciation in the value of the relevant Collateral 
Assets, thus reducing the amount available to satisfy the claims of Warrantholders upon realisation of the 
Collateral Assets. In addition, the Collateral Assets may suffer a fall in value betw een the time at w hich the 
Collateral Enforcement Notice is sent by a Warrantholder and the time at w hich the Collateral Assets are realised 
in full or, w here Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets is applicable, delivered. 
5.3 
Frequency of Collateral Test Dates 
The low er the frequency of the periodic Collateral Test Dates specified in the applicable Final Terms and hence 
the greater the period of time betw een each such periodic Collateral Test Date (or even in the absence of any 
Collateral Test Date) the more likely it is that upon enforcement of the relevant Pledge Agreement, the proceeds

--- Page 33 ---
Risk Factors 
 
33 
 
of enforcement that a Warrantholder w ill receive or, w here Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets is applicable, 
the value of the Collateral Assets delivered, w ill be less than the amounts due to Warrantholders in respect of the 
relevant Secured Warrants. 
5.4 
Correlation between the value of the Collateral Assets and the Creditworthiness of SG Issuer and the 
Guarantor 
In the event that there is a positive correlation betw een the value of the Collateral Assets and the creditw orthiness 
of SG Issuer and the Guarantor, the value of the Collateral Assets may vary in the same w ay as the 
creditw orthiness of SG Issuer and the Guarantor. 
A default by SG Issuer and/or the Guarantor in relation to their obligations under the Secured Warrants may be 
associated w ith a fall in the value of Collateral Assets securing such Secured Warrants. 
The value of Collateral Assets required to be posted in the Collateral Pool w ill be based on the Secured Warrant 
Market Value w hich takes into account SG Issuer's and the Guarantor's creditw orthiness w hereas, follow ing an 
Event of Default, the Market Value determined by the Calculation Agent (w hich determines the claim that a holder 
of Non-Waived Warrants has on SG Issuer and/or the Guarantor), w ill not take into account SG Issuer's or the 
Guarantor's creditw orthiness and w ill not decrease follow ing such Event of Default. As a result, the claim of the 
Warrantholders against the Issuer/Guarantor may be significantly higher than the value of the Collateral Assets. 
5.5 
Specific risk due to the difference between the aggregate nominal value of the Non-Waived Warrants and 
Market Value following an Event of Default for the Nominal Value Type of Collateralisation 
When pursuant to the applicable Final Terms the value of the Collateral Assets required to be posted in the 
Collateral Pool is based on the aggregate nominal value of the Secured Warrants, the value of such Collateral 
Assets w ill not follow  the Market Value of the Secured Warrants, consequently follow ing the occurrence of an 
Event of Default, the amount of Collateral Assets may be significantly low er than the claim on SG Issuer and/or 
the Guarantor. 
5.6 
Subordination of Warrantholders to payment of expenses and other payments  
Follow ing the enforcement of security, the rights of holders of Non-Waived Warrants to be paid amounts from the 
proceeds of such enforcement and the realisation of the related Collateral Assets or, w here Physical Delivery of 
Collateral Assets is applicable, to be delivered Collateral Assets, w ill be subordinated to and therefore rank behind 
claims relating to any amounts payable to Secured Parties ranking prior to the holders of Non-Waived Warrants 
in accordance w ith the relevant order of priority and any rights of preference existing by operation of law . 
5.7 
Risk of a delay in the realisation of the Collateral Assets in the event of the insolvency of the Issuer, the 
Security Trustee, the Security Agent and/or the Collateral Custodian 
In the event of the insolvency of SG Issuer, the Security Trustee, the Security Agent or the Collateral Custodian, 
the realisation of the Collateral Assets may be delayed either by the appointment of an insolvency administrator 
or other insolvency official in relation to SG Issuer, the Security Trustee, the Security Agent or the Collateral 
Custodian or by measures ordered by a competent court. Such delay could adversely affect the position of the 
Warrantholders in the event of a depreciation in the value of the Collateral Assets during such period. 
The Collateral Custodian, the Disposal Agent, the Substitute Paying Agent, the Security Trustee and the Security 
Agent are (unless otherw ise specified in the applicable Final Terms) part of the same group and in the event of 
the insolvency of one entity it is possible that another entity may also be insolvent. Such circumstances may lead 
to a delay in the realisation of the Collateral Assets. How ever, the agreements in w hich such entities are 
nominated w ill contain provisions permitting their replacement.

--- Page 34 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the French Law Warrants 
 
357 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
USER GUIDE 
INTRODUCTION 
The purpose of this section or "User Guide" is to provide a simple tool for investors to help them navigate throughout various 
documents made available in relation to the Warrants issued by Societe Generale, SG Issuer and Societe Generale Effekten GmbH 
(the “Products” or a “Product”). 
DOCUMENTATION 
For each Issue of Warrants issued under the Base Prospectus, the follow ing documents are available to investors systematically: 
 
The Base Prospectus 
This document: 
 
contains the information relating to the issuers and to the guarantor of the Warrants, the general risk factors; 
 
describes the general terms and conditions of the Warrants; and 
 
details all the possible specific characteristics of the Warrants, including a w ide range of underlying assets and all 
possible payoff formulae used to calculate the settlement price (used to calculate an amount due early or at 
expiration) and to calculate the exercise price in case of turbo products. 
These possible payoff formulae are set out, according to the relevant issuance and underlying asset(s), in the General Terms 
and Conditions of the English Law  Warrants or the General Terms and Conditions of the French Law  Warrants, the Additional 
Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae or any other relevant Additional Terms and Conditions. 
 
The Supplement(s)(if any) 
This document is issued for every significant new  factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to the information included  
in the Base Prospectus w hich is capable of affecting the assessment of the Warrants and is made available on the w ebsite 
of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange 
(w ww.bourse.lu) and on the w ebsite of the Issuers (w ww.sgbourse.fr, 
w ww.sglistedproducts.co.uk, 
w ww.warrants.societegenerale.fi, 
w ww.warrants.societegenerale.se, 
w ww.bolsa.societegenerale.es, w ww.prodotti.societegenerale.it and w ww.beurs.societegenerale.nl). 
 
The Final Terms 
This document is issued for each specific issue of Warrants and may include, w hen the context requires it, a summary 
specific to such issue of Warrants (referred to as issue specific summary) and contains: 
 
the general characteristics, e.g. issuer, relevant identification codes, etc.; 
 
the financial characteristics, e.g. Settlement Price, Exercise Price, Parity, early expiration as described in the Base 
Prospectus; 
 
mechanism (if any) and the related definitions; 
 
the underlying asset(s) to w hich the Product is linked; and 
 
the relevant dates, e.g. Issue Date, Settlement Date, Expiration Date, Event-linked, Expiration Date, Valuation 
Dates, Underlying Level Calculation Date.

--- Page 35 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the French Law Warrants 
 
357 
 
The Base Prospectus, the applicable Final Terms and the issue specific summary are available on the follow ing w ebsites of 
the Issuers: 
 
w hen the Warrants are Non-exempt Offers: 
w ww.bourse.lu, or w w w .sglistedproducts.co.uk, as the case may be, w hen the Warrants are offered to the public in 
Luxembourg or are admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange; 
w ww.sgbourse.fr w hen the Warrants are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in 
France; 
w ww.sglistedproducts.co.uk w hen the Warrants are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a Regulated 
Market in the United Kingdom or Ireland; 
w ww.warrants.societegenerale.se w hen the Warrants are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a Regulated 
Market in Sw eden or Norw ay; 
w ww.warrants.societegenerale.fi w hen the Warrants are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a Regulated 
Market in Finland; 
w ww.bolsa.societegenerale.es w hen the Warrants are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a Regulated 
Market in Spain; 
w ww.prodotti.societegenerale.it w hen the Warrants are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a Regulated 
Market in Italy; 
w ww.beurs.societegenerale.nl w hen the Warrants are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a Regulated 
Market in the Netherlands.

--- Page 36 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the French Law Warrants 
 
357 
 
HOW TO NAVIGATE IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
 
THE VARIOUS SECTIONS OF THE BASE PROSPECTUS: 
Table of contents of the Base Prospectus 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
RISK FACTORS 
BASE PROSPECTUS – USER GUIDE 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
REGULATORY INFORMATION 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO NON-EXEMPT OFFERS OF WARRANTS 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
FINAL TERMS OR DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUS 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW WARRANTS 
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW WARRANTS 
 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FIXED LEVERAGE AND 
TURBO WARRANTS 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAE 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR STRUCTURED WARRANTS 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHARE LINKED WARRANTS AND 
DEPOSITARY RECEIPTS LINKED WARRANTS 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED WARRANTS 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SGI INDEX LINKED WARRANTS 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR REFERENCE RATE LINKED  
WARRANTS 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE RATE LINKED  
WARRANTS 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COMMODITY LINKED WARRANTS 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED WARRANTS 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED WARRANTS 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INFLATION LINKED WARRANTS 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR BOND LINKED WARRANTS 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETF LINKED WARRANTS AND 
ETP LINKED WARRANTS 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR NON-EQUITY SECURITY LINKED  
WARRANTS 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUTURE LINKED WARRANTS 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PORTFOLIO LINKED WARRANTS 
 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO SECURED WARRANTS 
 
 
FORM OF THE GUARANTEE 
 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF SOCIETE GENERALE 
DESCRIPTION OF SG ISSUER 
DESCRIPTION OF SOCIETE GENERALE EFFEKTEN GMBH 
DESCRIPTION OF SOCIETE GENERALE INDICES (SGI INDICES) 
 
 
BOOK ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
SUBSCRIPTION, SALE AND TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
ONGOING NON-EXEMPT OFFERS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Warrants issued under the Base Prospectus rely on several generic sections of the Base Prospectus detailed above, but, 
depending on the characteristics of the Warrants, not all sections of the Base Prospectus will be relevant to a specific 
Warrants issuance.

--- Page 37 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the French Law Warrants 
 
357 
 
HOW TO READ THE FINAL TERMS 
The applicable Final Terms are divided in three parts: 
 
Part A, named "CONTRA CTUAL TERMS" w hich provides the specific contractual terms of the Product; 
 
Part B, named "OTHER INFORMATION" w hich provides the information specific to the Product; and 
 
Only in the case of Non-exempt Offers, a third part is annexed to the Final Terms constituting the issue specific summary of 
the Warrants. 
Exhaustive information on the Products defined in Parts A and B of the Final Terms is available in the Base Prospectus. The f ollow ing 
diagram provides the links betw een the various clauses in Parts A and B of the applicable Final Terms and the corresponding sections 
of the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 38 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the French Law Warrants 
 
357 
 
HOW TO READ THE ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAE 
HOW CASH SETTLED WARRANTS WORK 
Unless previously exercised or cancelled as specified in the General Terms and Conditions, each Cash Settled Warrant entitles  its 
Warrantholder to receive from the Issuer on the Settlement Date a cash settlement amount specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(the Cash Settlement Amount). 
Cash Settlement Amount means an amount in the Settlement Currency equal to the excess (if any, converted if necessary on the 
basis of the rate specified in the Final Terms) of: 
(1) 
in the case of Call Warrants, the Settlement Price over the Exercise Price; or 
(2) 
in the case of Put Warrants, the Exercise Price over the Settlement Price; and 
then divided (if applicable) by the Parity 
Settlement Price shall be the Final Settlement Price or the Early Settlement Price and have the meaning given to it in the Additional 
Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae or the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
corresponding to the Reference of the Product specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Exercise Price shall have the meaning given to it in the Final Terms as may be amended in the case of Turbo Warrants during the 
life of such Warrants in accordance w ith the provisions of the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae or the Additional 
Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants. 
Parity shall have the meaning given to it in the Final Terms. 
The follow ing diagram aims to illustrate how  the Cash Settlement Amount is computed:

--- Page 39 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the French Law Warrants 
 
357 
 
 
HOW PHYSICAL DELIVERY WARRANTS WORK 
Unless previously exercised or cancelled as specified in the General Terms and Conditions, each Physical Delivery Warrant entitles 
its Warrantholder to receive from the Issuer a payment in physical assets (called the Deliverable Assets), the quantity of w hich is 
determined by reference to the Physical Delivery Amount, subject to the Warrantholder paying the Exercise Price divided, if 
applicable, by the Parity to the Issuer follow ing exercise in accordance w ith the General Terms and Conditions and any Ex ercise 
Expenses. 
The Physical Delivery Amount is equal to Settlement Price specified in the applicable Final Terms divided, if applicable, by Parity 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Physical Delivery Warrants may only be Call Warrants and may not be subject to automatic exercise. 
The follow ing scheme aims to illustrate how  Physical Delivery Warrants operate on the Settlement Date:

--- Page 40 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the French Law Warrants 
 
357 
 
HOW TO READ THE ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FIXED LEVERAGE AND TURBO WARRANTS 
All payoff formulae for Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants w ill be described in the section "ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
RELATING TO FIXED LEVERAGE AND TURBO WARRANTS" 
This section contains: 
 
an exhaustive list of Products w ith their respective Product Formula, regrouped in three Families of Products (Condition 3 of 
the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants); 
 
a section describing the concept of Reference Price (Condition 4 of the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed 
Leverage and Turbo Warrants); 
 
the definitions of all Variable Data needed as input in the different Product Formulae (Condition 5 of the Additional Terms 
and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants); and 
 
the definition of all add-ons that may be used as an additional feature of a Product Formula.

--- Page 41 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the French Law Warrants 
 
357 
 
How Fixed Leverage Products work 
The Fixed Leverage family is composed of three main products: 
 
Fixed Leverage Bear 
 
Fixed Leverage Bull 
 
Fixed Leverage on Futures 
The computation of the Settlement Price relies on four main elements: 
(i) 
The calculation of the Leveraged Strategy Closing Level 
(ii) 
The input of distributions, commissions and cost 
(iii) 
The presence of a multiplicative adjustment ratio (the Ratio) w hich may be reset by the Calculation Agent during the life of 
the Product 
(iv) 
The occurrence and impact of an Extraordinary Strategy Adjustment for Performance Reasons 
The follow ing diagram aims to illustrate how  the Product Formula of  Fixed Leverage Products is computed:

--- Page 42 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the French Law Warrants 
 
357 
 
How Turbo Products work 
Turbo Products exhibits the follow ing characteristics: 
 
They embed a stop loss feature (how ever, in some cases the level of stop loss might be the same as the exercise price)  
 
They may have an Exercise Price w hich varies over time 
This follow ing graph aims to show  how  Turbo variables change over time w ith the example of a Call Turbo Product: 
 
 
The follow ing diagram aims to illustrate how  the Exercise Price and Settlement Price are computed:

--- Page 43 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the French Law Warrants 
 
357 
 
HOW TO READ THE ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAE 
The section "

--- Page 44 ---
User Guide 
 
44 
 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULA E" is the section of the Base Prospectus w here all 
payoff formulae for Formula-Linked Warrants are detailed. This section contains: 
 
a list of Products w ith their respective Product Formulae, regrouped in Families of Products (Condition 3 of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae); 
 
an exhaustive list of Reference Formulae (Condition 4 of the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to 
Formulae); 
 
the definitions of all Variable Data needed as input in the different Product Formulae (Condition 5 of the Additional 
Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae); and 
 
the definition of all add-ons that may be used as an additional feature of a Product Formula. 
 
For ease of reading, Products w ith similar characteristics 
are regrouped in Families of Products (such as "Vanilla 
Products"). Each Product is identified w ith its Product 
Name and its Reference of the Product (such as "3.2.1 
European Call") 
Each Product Amount describes an amount due under the 
Products: 
 
in case of an Event-linked Early Expiration: the 
Early Settlement Price or "ESP" 
 
On the Final Valuation Date: the Final Settlement 
Price or "FSP" 
Each Product Formula of each Product Amount w ill be 
based 
on 
a 
Reference 
Formula 
(such 
as 
"4.1 
Performance")

--- Page 45 ---
User Guide 
 
45 
 
EXAMPLES OF FINAL TERMS – FOCUS ON PART A – PAYOFF FORM ULA 
The best w ay for an investor to understand a Product is to start reading the applicable Final Terms as they provide all the 
main information relating to the Products. Five case studies can be found below , aiming to provide a step-by-step guide 
for reading the Final Terms. The numbers appearing before each section below  reference the corresponding items in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
CASE STUDY #1: EUROPEAN CALLS 
 
1. 
Reference of the Product: 3.2.1 
 
2. 
Event-linked Early Expiration: Not applicable 
 
3. 
Final Settlement Price: 
Unless previously exercised or cancelled in accordance w ith the Terms and 
Conditions, the Final Settlement Price for each Warrant w ill be determined 
in accordance w ith the follow ing provisions: 
Scenario 1: 
If on Valuation Date(1), AverageBasketLevel(1) is higher than or equal to 
90% then: 
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount 
× [90% + 100% x (AverageBasketLevel(1) – 90%)] 
 
 
 
 
 
Scenario 2: 
If on Valuation Date(1), AverageBasketLevel(1) is low er than 90%, then: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount × 90% 
 
5. 
Underlying(s): 
k = 1: Index 1 
k = 2: Index 2 
k = 3: Index 3 
k = 4: Index 4 
6. 
Definitions relating to dates: 
Valuation Date(0): [DD/MM/YYYY] 
Valuation Date(1): [DD/MM/YYYY] 
7. 
Definitions relating to the Product: Applicable, subject to the provisions of 
the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae. 
 
AverageBasketLevel(1) means the Arithmetic Average, for k from 1 to 4, 
of Level(1, k) as defined in Condition 4.3 of the Additional Terms and 
Conditions relating to Formulae. 
 
Level(1, k) (k from 1 to 4) means (S(1,k) / S(0,k)) as defined in Condition 
4.1 of the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae. 
S(i, k) (i from 0 to 1) (k from 1 to 4) means in respect of any Valuation 
Date(i) the relevant Closing Price as defined in the Additional Terms and 
Conditions relating to Index Linked Warrants. 
 
 
BaseSettlementLevel FSP 2 
FinalParticipation 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_1 
FinalStrike_1 
 
Product identified by its  
Reference of the Product 
 
Each Product Formula is 
based on reference 
performances or levels 
(Reference Formulae) 
 
Dates 
2 possible Product Amounts: 
 
Early Settlement Price (if 
any) 
 
 
 
 
Final Settlement Price 
 
 
Expressed as = Notional 
Amount x Product Formula 
 
Underlying 
FinalStrike_2

--- Page 46 ---
User Guide 
 
46 
 
CASE STUDY #2: DIGITAL PAYOUT AUTOCALL 
 
 
1. 
1. 
Reference of the Product: 3.3.2 w ith Option 1 applicable 
 
2. 
2. 
Event-linked Early Expiration: Applicable 
 
Unless previously exercised or cancelled in accordance w ith the Terms and 
Conditions, the Early Settlement Price for each Warrant w ill be determined 
in accordance w ith the follow ing provisions: 
 
Early Settlement Price(i) = Notional Amount × [100% + 9.25% x i] 
 
3. 
3. 
Final Settlement Price: 
 
Unless previously exercised or cancelled in accordance w ith the Terms and 
Conditions, the Final Settlement Price for each Warrant w ill be determined 
in accordance w ith the follow ing provisions: 
 
Scenario 1: 
If on Valuation Date(8), Performance(8) is higher than or equal to – 40% 
then: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount × [100% + 9.25% x 8] 
 
 
 
Scenario 2: 
If on Valuation Date(8), Performance(8) is low er than -40%, then: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount × [100% + Performance(8)] 
 
4. 
Underlying(s): 
 
Share 1 
 
5. 
Definitions relating to dates: 
 
Valuation Date(0): [DD/MM/YYYY] 
Valuation Date(i) (i from 1 to 8): i = 1: [DD/MM/YYYY], ….,i = 8: 
[DD/MM/YYYY] 
 
6. 
Definitions relating to the Product: Applicable, subject to the 
provisions of the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to 
Formulae 
 
Early Expiration Event is deemed to have occurred, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent, if on a Valuation Date(i) (i from 1 to 7), 
Performance(i) is higher than or equal to 0%. 
 
Performance(i) (i from 1 to 8) means (S(i) / S(0)) – 100 % as 
defined in Condition 4.1 of the Additional Terms and Conditions 
relating to Formulae. 
 
S(i) (i from 0 to 8) means in respect of any Valuation Date(i) the 
Closing Price as defined in the Additional Terms and Conditions 
relating to Share Linked Warrants and Depositary Receipts Linked 
Warrants. 
 
 
 
Pay out_FSP 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_1 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_2 
Pay out_EPS(i) 
BaseSettlementLevel_ESP 
FinalBarrier 
AutocallBarrier 
 
2 possible Product 
Amounts: 
 
 
Early Settlement Price (if 
any) 
 
 
Final Settlement Price 
 
 
 
 
Expressed as = Notional 
Amount x Product Formula 
Product identified by its  
Reference of the Product 
 
Each Product Amount is 
determined based on 
pre-defined reference 
performances or levels 
(Reference Formulae) 
 
Dates 
 
Underlying 
 
Variable Data

--- Page 47 ---
User Guide 
 
47 
 
CASE STUDY #3: FIXED LEVERAGE BULL – Compo 
1. 
REFERENCE OF THE PRODUCT: 3.1.2 
2. 
EVENT-LINKED EARLY EXPIRATION: Applicable 
Unless previously exercised or cancelled as specified in the Terms and Conditions, the Early Settlement Price for 
each Warrant w ill be determined in accordance w ith the follow ing provisions: 
Early Expiration Event is deemed to have occurred, if on any Valuation Date(i), UnderlyingLevel(i) is higher than 
or equal to 150% 
Early Settlement Price(i) = Max(100 x FX(0) x Ratio(i) x (LSCL(i) / LSCL(0)) -C(i);0) x (1 / FX(i+1)) 
3. 
FINAL SETTLEMENT PRICE:  
Unless previously exercised or cancelled as specified in the Terms and Conditions, the Final Settlement Price for 
each Warrant w ill be determined in accordance w ith the follow ing provisions: 
Final Settlement Price = Max(100 x FX(0) x Ratio(T) x (LSCL(T) / LSCL(0)) -C(T);0) x (1 / FX(T+1)) 
4. 
UNDERLYING(S): 
Index 1 
5. 
DEFINITIONS RELATING TO DATES: 
Valuation Date(1) [DD/MM/YYYY] 
Valuation Date(2) [DD/MM/YYYY] 
[…] 
Valuation Date(132) [DD/MM/YYYY] 
6. 
DEFINITIONS RELATING TO THE PRODUCT: Applicable, subject to the provisions of the Additional Terms and 
Conditions relating for Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
6.1 
Specific Definitions relating to the determination of the Product Formula 
 
FX(i) 
means, for any Valuation Date(i), the spot exchange rate as of the 17:30 London 
Time to convert USD into EUR in respect of such Valuation Date(i), as published 
by the ECB, or any successor thereto. If no such rate is available on such Valuation 
Date(i), FX(i) shall be the first available spot exchange rate as of the 17:30 London 
Time to convert USD into EUR follow ing such day, as published by the ECB, or any 
successor thereto. 
Ratio or Ratio(i)  
means, for each Valuation Date(i), the value of Ratio(i) in respect of each Warrant 
on such Valuation Date(i), w hich shall be the value of Ratio(i) on the Valuation 
Date(i-1) unless adjusted by the Calculation Agent in accordance w ith the follow ing 
provisions. 
If, on any Valuation Date(i) from, but excluding, the Initial Valuation Date to, and 
including, the Final Valuation Date: 
C(i) / IV(i) > 40% 
then the Calculation Agent shall adjust the value of Ratio(i) in respect of such 
Valuation Date(i). The Calculation Agent may also, on any Valuation Date(i) from, 
BarrierLev elAutocall(i) 
EUR : Base Currency 
ECB : FXSource 
USD : Lev erageStrategyCurrency 
 
RatioResetThreshold 
InitialValue 
InitialValue 
FXSourceFixingTime

--- Page 48 ---
User Guide 
 
48 
 
but excluding, the Initial Valuation Date to, and including, the Final Valuation Date, 
elect in its sole discretion to adjust the value of Ratio(i) in respect of such Valuation 
Date(i) in accordance w ith the follow ing formula: 
Ratio(i)= (Ratio(i -1) x LSCL(i) – CBEFORE(i) x (LSCL(0) / (100 x FX(0)))) / LSCL(i) 
Ratio(0) = 1 
LSCL(i)  
means, for any Valuation Date(i), the Closing Level of the Leveraged Strategy as 
of such day (i), as such level may be adjusted in accordance w ith the terms of 
Condition 3.1.2.5.4 of the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed 
Leverage and Turbo Warrants. 
Subject to the occurrence of an Intraday Restrike Event (follow ing w hich the 
Leveraged Strategy Closing Level w ill be determined in accordance w ith Condition 
3.1.2.5.4 of the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and 
Turbo Warrants), for each Valuation Date(i), the Leveraged Strategy Closing 
Level as of such Valuation Date(i) is calculated in accordance w ith the follow ing 
formulae: 
on Valuation Date(0): 
 
LSCL(0) = 1000 
on each subsequent Valuation Date(i): 
LSCL(i) = Max(LSCL(i-1) x (1 + Leverage x ((Price(i) / AdjPrice(i-1)) -1) + 
(1-Leverage) x Rate(i-1) x ACT(i-1,i) / DayCountBasisRate),0) 
For the purposes of determining LSCL(i) on a Valuation Date immediately follow ing 
an Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day, references to (i-1) in the formula of 
LSCL(i) above shall be deemed to be references to (i') (as defined in Condition 
3.1.2.5.4 of the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and 
Turbo Warrants). 
CBEFORE(i)  
is determined in accordance w ith the follow ing formula: 
CBEFORE(i) = C(i 
-1) + ((ACT(i 
-1;i) / 365) x (%CommissionRate(i) 
+ 
%Gap&ReplicationRate(i) + %CollatCostRate(i)) x IntrinsicValue(i)) 
Commission(i), 
Commission 
or 
C(i) 
means, in respect of each Valuation Date(i): 
if (i) is the Initial Valuation Date or a day on w hich the value of Ratio(i) has been 
adjusted in accordance w ith the definition of "Ratio or Ratio(i) herein: 
0 
and otherw ise: 
C(i) 
= 
C(i-1) 
+ 
(ACT(i-1;i) 
/ 
365) 
x 
(%CommissionRate(i) 
+ 
%Gap&ReplicationRate(i) + %CollatCostRate(i)) x IntrinsicValue(i) 
 
 
LSCL Initia 
 
Day CountBasisCommission 
RatioInitial 
InitialValue

--- Page 49 ---
User Guide 
 
49 
 
Intrinsic 
Value, 
IntrinsicValue(i) or 
IV(i) 
means in respect of each Valuation Date(i), an amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance w ith the follow ing formula: 
IntrinsicValue(i) = Max(100 x FX(0) x Ratio(i-1) x (LSCL(i) / LSCL(0)) – C(i-1);0) 
 
6.2 
Leveraged Strategy 
6.2.1 
Description of the Leveraged Strategy 
The strategy to w hich the performance of the Warrant is linked is the Leveraged Strategy w hich consists of 
leveraged exposure to the Underlying w ith a Leverage factor "Leverage" and a hypothetical money market 
instrument. 
The notional exposure of the Leveraged Strategy to the Underlying is revised on each Valuation Date in order to 
take into account the Leveraged Strategy Closing Level as of the previous Valuation Date, as further described 
hereinafter. 
Subject to the occurrence of an Intraday Restrike Event (follow ing w hich the Leveraged Strategy Closing Level 
w ill be determined in accordance w ith Condition 3.1.2.5.4 of the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed 
Leverage and Turbo Warrants), for each Valuation Date(i), the Leveraged Strategy Closing Level as of such 
Valuation Date(i) is calculated in accordance w ith the follow ing formulae: 
On Valuation Date(0): 
LSCL(0) = 100 
On each subsequent Valuation Date(i): 
LSCL(i) = Max(LSCL(i-1) x (1 + 4 x ((Price(i) / AdjPrice(i-1)) -1) + (1-4) x Rate(i-1) x ACT(i-1,i) / 360),0) 
Subject to the occurrence of an Intraday Restrike Event (follow ing w hich the Leveraged Strategy Level w ill be 
determined in accordance w ith Condition 3.1.2.5.4 of the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed 
Leverage and Turbo Warrants), for each Valuation Date(i) and each Calculation Time(v), the Leveraged Strategy 
Level as of such Calculation Time(v) is calculated in accordance w ith the follow ing formula: 
LSL(i,v) = Max(LSCL(i-1) x (1+ 4 x ((Price(i,v) / AdjPrice(i-1)) -1) + (1-4) x Rate(i-1) x ACT(i-1,i) / 360),0) 
 
For the purposes of determining LSCL(i) on a Valuation Date immediately follow ing an Intraday Restrike Event Reference 
Day, references to (i-1) in the formula of LSCL(i) above shall be deemed to be references to (i') (as defined in Condition 
3.1.2.5.4 of the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants). 
6.2.2 
Specific Definitions relating to the Leveraged Strategy 
 
AdjPrice(i-1)  
is determined, for each Valuation Date(i), according to the follow ing formula: 
Price(i-1) – 70% x Dist(i) 
CashRate 
or 
CashRate(i)  
means, for each Valuation Date(i): 
(1) 
the level of the EONIA for such Valuation Date(i); or 
LSCLInitial 
Lev erage 
Day CountBasisRate 
Lev erage 
Day CountBasisRate 
EONIA= Reuters page : 
RateOv ernightScreenPage 
EONIA : FXSource 
 
EUR : Base Currency 
InitialValue 
%DistRate(i) 
Day CountBasisCommission

--- Page 50 ---
User Guide 
 
50 
 
(2) 
the last available level displayed of EONIA, if a level of EONIA dated as 
of such Valuation Date(i), 
in both cases as determined by the Calculation Agent provided that if in the case 
of (2) above EONIA is not displayed on the EONIA= Reuters page (or, if applicable, 
any successor service or page used by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of 
ascertaining such rate) for a period of more than 7 Valuation Dates and such rate 
is, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, reasonably expected to be discontinued 
(such rate then being the Discontinued Rate) then the Calculation Agent shall 
determine CashRate(i) (a) by selecting a successor rate for such Discontinued 
Rate w hich offers similar economic characteristics to the Discontinued Rate or, if 
the Calculation Agent determines that no such successor rate exists, (b) on the 
basis of the cost that Societe Generale w ould charge or be charged to borrow  cash 
in the EUR on an overnight basis. 
Leveraged 
Strategy 
Closing 
Level or LSCL(i) 
means, for any Valuation Date(i), the Closing Level of the Leveraged Strategy as 
of such day (i), as such level may be adjusted in accordance w ith the terms of 
Condition 3.1.2.5.4 of the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed 
Leverage and Turbo Warrants. 
Leveraged 
Strategy Level or 
LSL(i,v) 
means, for any Valuation Date(i) and any Calculation Time(v), the latest level of 
the Leveraged Strategy as of such Calculation Time(v), as such level may be 
adjusted in accordance w ith the terms of Condition 3.1.2.5.4 of the Additional 
Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants. 
Rate or Rate(i)  
means, for each Valuation Date(i), an annual rate calculated as of such day in 
accordance w ith the follow ing formula: 
Rate(i) = CashRate(i) + 0.50% 
Price(i)  
means, in respect of each Valuation Date(i), the Reference Price of the Underlying 
as of such Valuation Date(i), subject to the adjustments and provisions of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to such Underlying. 
Price(i,v)  
means, in respect of each Valuation Date(i) and Calculation Time(v), the Intraday 
Price of the Underlying as of such Valuation Date(i) and Calculation Time(v). 
Calculation Time  
means w ith respect to the Leveraged Strategy, any time betw een the scheduled 
opening time of the Exchange and 17:30 London Time provided that the relevant 
data is available to enable the Calculation Agent to determine the Leveraged 
Strategy Level. 
 
 
 
TimeRef erenceClo
sing 
%SpreadLev el

--- Page 51 ---
User Guide 
 
51 
 
6.3 
Distributions and corporate actions affecting the Underlying: Specific Definitions 
 
Dist(i) 
means Dist(i-1, i) 
Underlying 
Distributions, 
or 
Dist(i1,i2) 
means, for any dates (i1) and (i2), the sum of all Gross Ordinary Distributions, paid 
in respect of the Underlying, w hich have an ex date betw een (i1) (excluded) and 
(i2) (included). 
If such Gross Ordinary Distribution is not denominated in the currency of the 
Underlying, this Gross Ordinary Distribution w ill be converted into such currency by 
the Calculation Agent using the latest available spot exchange rate as of the 17:30 
London Time as published on the Valuation Date immediately preceding the 
relevant Valuation Date(i) by the ECB. If no such rate is available on the Valuation 
Date immediately preceding such Valuation Date(i), such rate shall be the first 
available spot exchange rate as of the 17:30 London Time to convert such Gross 
Ordinary Distribution into the Currency of the Underlying follow ing such Valuation 
Date(i), as published by the ECB, or any successor service or page used by the 
Calculation Agent for the purposes of ascertaining such rate. 
6.4 
Extraordinary Strategy Adjustment for Performance Reasons  
6.4.1 
Description 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Intraday Restrike Event has occurred at a Calculation Time(v) during a Valuation 
Date(i), an adjustment (an Extraordinary Strategy Adjustment for Performance Reasons ) shall take place during such 
Valuation Date(i) in accordance w ith the follow ing provisions. 
The real time calculation of the Leveraged Strategy shall be suspended during the Intraday Restrike Event 
Observation Period and resume in accordance w ith this section w ithin 15 minutes follow ing the end of such 
Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period (the point of such resumption being the Calculation Resume Time 
and the day on w hich such resumption occurs being the Calculation Resume Day or CRD). Should the end of 
the Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period occur less than 15 minutes before 17:30 London Time on the 
Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day, the Calculation Resume Time shall be 17:30 London Time w hich 
immediately follow s the end of the Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period. 
On each Calculation Resume Day, from the Calculation Resume Time, LSCL(CRD) and LSL(CRD,v) w ill be 
determined as follow s: 
For each Calculation Time(v) during such Calculation Resume Day follow ing the end of the Intraday Restrike 
Event Observation Period, the Leveraged Strategy is calculated according to the follow ing formula: 
LSL(CRD,v) = LSL(i',VREF(v)) x (1 + 4 x ((Price(CRD,v) / AdjPrice(i')) – 1) + (1 – 4) x Rate(i') x ACT(i',CRD) / 360) 
And at 17:30 London Time of such Calculation Resume Day: 
LSCL(CRD) = LSL(i',VREF(v)) x (1 + 4 x ((Price(CRD) / AdjPrice(i')) – 1) + (1 – 4) x Rate(i') x ACT(i',CRD) / 360) 
 
 
 
 
ECB : FXSource 
Lev erage 
Day CountBasisRate 
Lev erage 
Day CountBasisRate 
TimeRef erenceClosing 
TimeRef erenceClosing 
17:30 London Time : 
FixingTime

--- Page 52 ---
User Guide 
 
52 
 
6.4.2 
Specific Definitions 
 
(i')  
means the Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day w hich corresponds to the 
Intraday Restrike Event immediately preceding the Calculation Time(v). 
AdjPrice(i')  
is determined according to the follow ing formula: 
AdjPrice(i' ) = Price(i',VREF(v)) – 70% x Dist(i',CRD) 
Intraday Reference 
Level  
means in respect of Valuation Date(i) and a Calculation Time(v), the Underlying 
level as of the (1) last Intraday Restrike Event Reference Time preceding and 
excluding such Calculation Time(v) or (2) if no Intraday Restrike Event has occurred 
on such day, the closing level of the Underlying on the immediately preceding 
Valuation Date. 
Intraday 
Restrike 
Event  
means in respect of a Valuation Date(i), the decrease at a Calculation Time(v) of 
the Underlying level below  the 92% of the relevant Intraday Reference Level at such 
Calculation Time. 
Intraday 
Restrike 
Event Observation 
Period  
means in respect of an Intraday Restrike Event, the period starting on and excluding 
the Intraday Restrike Event Time and finishing on and including the time falling 15 
minutes after the Intraday Restrike Event Time. 
Where, during such 15 minute period, the Calculation Agent determines that (1) (if 
the Underlying is an Index or a SGI Index) the level of the Underlying is not 
disseminated by the Underlying Sponsor or, the Underlying Calculation Agent, as 
the case may be or (2) (for any type of Underlying including, for the avoidance of 
doubt, an Index or a SGI Index) the Exchange or the Related Exchange is not open 
for continuous trading, the Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period w ill be 
extended to the extent necessary until (1) (if the Underlying is an Index or a SGI 
Index) the level of the Underlying is calculated and disseminated by the Underlying 
Sponsor or, the Underlying Calculation Agent, as the case may be and (2) (for any 
type of Underlying including, for the avoidance of doubt, an Index or a SGI Index) 
the Exchange and the Related Exchange are open for continuous trading for an 
aggregate period of 15 minutes. 
If the Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period w ould not end by 17:30 London 
Time: (1) such day w ill not be a Valuation Date for the purposes of determining any 
element of the Leveraged Strategy, except (a) for the purpose of calculating 
LSL(i',vREF(v)) and AdjPrice(i') (and the constituent parts thereof) corresponding to 
the applicable Intraday Restrike Event and (b) for the purpose of calculating 
LSL(i',vREF(v)) and AdjPrice(i') (and the constituent parts thereof) w ith respect to any 
previous Intraday Restrike Event that has occurred on such day, if any; and (2) such 
Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period shall be extended to the follow ing 
Valuation Date to the extent necessary until the Calculation Agent determines that 
(a) (if the Underlying is an Index or a SGI Index) the level of the Underlying is 
calculated and disseminated by the Underlying Sponsor or, the Underlying 
Calculation Agent, as the case may be and (b) (for any type of Underlying including, 
for the avoidance of doubt, an Index or a SGI Index) the Exchange and the Related 
Exchange are open for continuous trading for an aggregate period of 15 minutes. 
For the purpose of determining the Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period 
only, the Exchange shall not be considered to be open for continuous trading during 
its closing auction period (as provided under the rules of the Exchange). 
Daily RestrikePercentage 
%DistRate(i) 
FixingTime

--- Page 53 ---
User Guide 
 
53 
 
Intraday 
Restrike 
Event 
Reference 
Day  
means in respect of an Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period, the day on 
w hich the Intraday Restrike Event Reference Time occurs. 
Intraday 
Restrike 
Event 
Reference 
Time  
means in respect of an Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period, the Calculation 
Time on w hich the Leveraged Strategy Level reaches its low est value during such 
period 
Intraday 
Restrike 
Event Time  
means in respect of an Intraday Restrike Event, the Calculation Time on w hich such 
event occurs. 
LSL(i',VREF(v))  
is calculated in accordance w ith the follow ing formulae: 
w here, in respect of an Intraday Restrike Event, one or more Intraday Restrike 
Event Times have previously occurred w ith an Intraday Restrike Event Reference 
Time occurring on (i'), then (w ith the latest Intraday Restrike Event Reference Time, 
immediately preceding VREF(v), being "v1"): 
LSL(i',VREF(v)) = LSL(i',v1) x (1 + 4 x ((Price(i',VREF(v)) /Price(i',v1)) – 1)) 
Where LSL(i',v1) is determined in accordance w ith this paragraph 6.4 but w ith 
"VREF(v)" replaced by "v1". 
Where LSL(i',v1) is determined in accordance w ith the Condition 3.1.2.5.4 of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
but w ith "VREF(v)" replaced by "v1". 
In circumstances other than those set out in (1): 
LSL(i',VREF(v)) = LSLREF(i(REF)) x (1 + 4 x ((Price(i',VREF(v)) / AdjPrice(i(REF))) -1) 
+ (1-4) x Rate(i(REF)) x (ACT(i(REF),i') / 360)) 
i(REF) 
means the latest of the (1) Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day immediately 
preceding (i') in w hich case i(REF) is referred to as (i'') and the latest Intraday 
Restrike Event Reference Time on such Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day is 
referred to as (v1) (2) the Valuation Date w hich immediately precedes (i') in w hich 
case i(REF) is referred to as (i'-1). 
LSLREF(i(REF))  
means, if i(REF) is an Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day; then LSL(i'',v1); or 
otherw ise LSCL(i'-1). 
AdjPrice(i(REF))  
means: 
if i(REF) is an Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day, then: 
AdjPrice(i(REF)) = Price(i'',v1) – 70% x Dist(i'',i') 
or otherw ise: 
AdjPrice(i(REF)) = Price(i'-1) – 70% x Dist(i'-1,i') 
VREF(v) 
means the latest Intraday Restrike Event Reference Time preceding, and excluding, 
Calculation Time(v). 
Lev erage 
Lev erage 
Day CountBasisRate 
%DistRate(i) 
Lev erage

--- Page 54 ---
User Guide 
 
54 
 
7. 
DEFINITIONS RELATING TO APPLICABLE RATES 
%CollatCostRate(i) means, for each Valuation Date(i), an annual rate w hich shall be determined w ith respect to 
such Valuation Date(i) by the Calculation Agent as the cost that w ould be incurred by the Issuer (or any of its 
affiliates) if it w ere to borrow  the ReferenceCollateralAssets (through, for example, but w ithout limitation, a 
securities lending or repurchase agreement) for an amount equal to the market value of the Warrant as of such 
Valuation Date(i) (as determined by the Calculation Agent) multiplied by PCP. 
%CommissionRate(i) means, in respect of each Valuation Date(i), the annual commission rate as of such 
Valuation Date(i). The level of the annual commission rate w ill be determined by the Calculation Agent. 
%Gap&ReplicationRate(i) means, for each Valuation Date(i), the annual gap and replication rate as of such 
Valuation Date(i), as determined by the Calculation Agent as the cost that the Issuer (or any of its affiliates) w ould 
charge to replicate the performance of the Leveraged Strategy, w hich includes, inter alia, the costs of hedging 
the risk of the market value of the Warrant becoming negative.

--- Page 55 ---
User Guide 
 
55 
 
CASE STUDY #4: TURBO – Quanto 
1. 
REFERENCE OF THE PRODUCT: 3.2.1 
2. 
EVENT-LINKED EARLY EXPIRATION: Applicable 
Unless previously exercised or cancelled in accordance w ith the Terms and Conditions, the Early Settlement 
Price for each Warrant w ill be determined in accordance w ith the follow ing provisions: 
Early Expiration Event is deemed to have occurred, if on any Valuation Date(i), and on any Calculation Time 
(v), Price(i,v) is higher than StopLossLevelCurrent(i) (even if such Valuation Date(i) is subject to a Market 
Disruption Event). 
Early Settlement Price(i) = UnderlyingPrice_ESP(i) 
3. 
FINAL SETTLEMENT PRICE: 
Unless previously exercised or cancelled as specified in the Terms and Conditions the Final Settlement Price for 
each Warrant w ill be determined in accordance w ith the follow ing provisions: 
Final Settlement Price = UnderlyingPrice_FSP(T) 
4. 
EXERCISE PRICE: 
The Exercise Price (i) in respect of any Valuation Date(i) is determined in accordance w ith the follow ing: 
On Valuation Date(0): 
Exercise Price (0) = 244 
For each subsequent Valuation Date(i), Exercise Price(i) shall be determined in accordance w ith the follow ing 
formula: 
Exercise Price (i) = Price(i-1) x (1 + %FinancingRateA(i-1))^(ACT(i-1;i) / 365) + (Exercise Price(i-1) – 
Price(i-1)) x (1 + %FinancingRateB(i-1))^(A CT(i-1;i) / 365) + %QuantoRate(i-1) – 70% x Dist(i) 
5. 
UNDERLYING(S): 
Share 1 
6. 
DEFINITIONS RELATING TO DATES: 
Valuation Date(1) [DD/MM/YYYY] 
Valuation Date(2) [DD/MM/YYYY] 
[…] 
Valuation Date(78) [DD/MM/YYYY] 
7. 
DEFINITIONS RELATING TO THE PRODUCT: 
Applicable, subject to the provisions of the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
FX(i)  
means, for any Valuation Date(i), the spot exchange rate as of the 17:30 London 
Time to convert the EUR into the JPY in respect of such Valuation Date(i), as 
published by the ECB, or any successor thereto. If no such rate is available on such 
Valuation Date(i), FX(i) shall be the first available spot exchange rate as of the 17:30 
London Time to convert the EUR into the JPY follow ing such day, as published by 
the ECB, or any successor thereto. 
ExercisePriceInitial 
Day CountBasis 
EUR: BaseCurrency 
JPY: TurboCurrency 
ECB: FXSource 
 
Day CountBasis 
%DistRate(i) 
17:30 London Time: 
FXSourceFixingTime

--- Page 56 ---
User Guide 
 
56 
 
Price(i,v) 
means, in respect of each Valuation Date(i) and Calculation Time(v), the Intraday 
Price of the Underlying as of such Valuation Date(i) and Calculation Time(v). 
Price(i)  
means, in respect of each Valuation Date(i), the Reference Price of the Underlying 
as of such Valuation Date(i), and subject to the adjustments and provisions of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to such Underlying. 
Calculation Time  
means w ith respect to the Underlying, any time betw een 9:00 AM London Time and 
17:30 London Time. 
StopLossLevelCur
rent(i)  
means, in respect of Valuation Date(i), a level w hich is determined in accordance 
w ith the follow ing: 
StopLossLevelCurrent(0) = 250 
For each Valuation Date(i) subsequent to the Initial Valuation Date: 
If Valuation Date(i) is an Actualisation Date: 
StopLossLevelCurrent(i) = ExercisePrice(i) x (1 + 2%) 
If Valuation Date(i) is not an Actualisation Date: 
StopLossLevelCurrent(i) = StopLossLevelCurrent(i-1) 
UnderlyingPrice_E
SP(i)  
means, in respect of Valuation Date(i), the highest level of the Price(i,v) during the 
period of three consecutive hours follow ing the occurrence of an Early Expiration 
Event, provided that if the Early Expiration Event occurs less than three hours prior 
to the regular w eekday closing time of the Exchange or the Related Exchange 
(regardless of any period during w hich a Market Disruption Event is continuing), 
then such period shall continue for such number of sequential next follow ing 
Valuation Date as shall be necessary for the total number of such hours to reach 
three. 
Where an Early Expiration Event occurs at a time w hich is outside the regular 
trading session of the Exchange or the Related Exchange, the Early Expiration 
Event shall be deemed to have occurred at the open of business on the immediately 
follow ing Valuation Date and the Calculation Agent shall determine the three-hour 
period in accordance w ith the foregoing paragraph. 
UnderlyingPrice_F
SP(i)  
means, in respect of Valuation Date(i), Price(i). 
Actualisation Date 
means either of the follow ing: 
1. 
the 15th calendar day of each calendar month or if such date is not a 
Valuation Date, the immediately succeeding Valuation Date; and 
2. 
each day as of w hich a Potential Adjustment Event occurs or w hich is an 
ex date in respect of a Gross Ordinary Distribution for the Underlying. 
%Percentage(i) 
StopLossEventPeriod 
StopLossLevelInitial 
Option Extremum 
Applicable 
TimeRef erenceOpening 
TimeRef erenceClosing

--- Page 57 ---
User Guide 
 
57 
 
8. 
DEFINITIONS RELATING TO APPLICABLE RATES 
%FinancingRateA(i) means, in respect of each Valuation Date (i), a rate w hich shall be determined w ith respect 
to such Valuation Date (i) by the Calculation Agent as a hypothetical remuneration rate (or borrow ing rate, as the 
case may be) in respect of a cash holding or borrow ing, as the case may be. 
%FinancingRateB(i) means, in respect of each Valuation Date (i), a rate w hich shall be determined w ith respect 
to such Valuation Date (i) by the Calculation Agent as a hypothetical remuneration rate (or borrow ing rate, as the 
case may be) in respect of a cash holding or borrow ing, as the case may be. 
%Percentage(i) means, for each Valuation Date(i), a percentage applied to the Exercise Price to determine the 
StopLossLevelCurrent as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
%QuantoRate(i) means, for each Valuation Date(i), an annual rate w hich shall be determined w ith respect to 
such Valuation Date(i) as the carry and hedging cost of the foreign exchange risk estimated or realised.

--- Page 58 ---
Important Information 
 
58 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus is established pursuant to Article 8 of Regulation 2017/1129/EU dated as of 14 June 2017, as 
amended (the Prospectus Regulation) and for the purpose of giving information w ith regard to the Issuers, the Guarantor 
and the Warrants w hich is necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, 
financial position, profit and losses and prospects of the Issuers and the Guarantor. 
Certain information contained in this Base Prospectus and/or documents incorporated herein by reference have been 
extracted from sources specified in the sections w here such information appears. The Issuers confirm that such information 
has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as they are aw are, and are able to ascertain from information published 
by the relevant third party, no facts have been omitted w hich w ould render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading. Final Terms w ill (if applicable) specify the nature of the responsibility (if any) taken by the Issuer for any 
information relating to any underlying to w hich the Warrants may be linked. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction w ith any Supplement thereto and all documents w hich are deemed to 
be incorporated herein by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference"). This Base Prospectus shall be read 
and construed on the basis that such documents are incorporated by reference and form part of this Base Prospectus. 
None of the Arranger or any Dealer has independently verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no 
representation, w arranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility is accepted by the Arranger or 
any Dealer as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus or any other information provided by either of the Issuers or the Guarantor in connection w ith the Programme 
or the Warrants. None of the Arranger or any Dealer accepts any liability in relation to the information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by either of the Issuers or the 
Guarantor in connection w ith the Programme or the Warrants. 
No person is or has been authorised by any of the Issuers, the Guarantor, the Arranger or any of the Dealers to give any 
information or to make any representation not contained in or not consistent w ith this Base Prospectus or any other 
information supplied in connection w ith the Programme or the Warrants and, if given or made, such information or 
representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by any of the Issuers, the Guarantor, the Arranger or 
any of the Dealers. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection w ith the Programme or any Warrants (a) is 
intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be considered as a recommendation or a 
statement of opinion (or a report on either of those things) by any of the Issuers, the Guarantor, the Arranger or any of the  
Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection w ith the Programme or 
any Warrants should purchase any Warrants. Each investor contemplating purchasing any Warrants should make its own 
independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its ow n appraisal of the creditw orthiness, of the relev ant 
Issuer and (if applicable) the Guarantor. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection 
w ith the Programme or the issue of any Warrants constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of any of the Issuers, the  
Guarantor, the Arranger or any of the Dealers to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Warrants. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Warrants shall in any circumstances 
imply that the information contained herein concerning any of the Issuers or the Guarantor is correct at any time subsequent 
to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection w ith the Programme or the Warrants is correct as 
of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. The Arranger or any of the Dealers 
expressly do not undertake to review  the financial condition or affairs of any of the Issuers or the Guarantor during the lif e 
of the Programme or to advise any investor in the Warrants of any information coming to their attention. Investors should 
review , inter alia, the most recently published documents incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus w hen 
deciding w hether or not to purchase any Warrants.

--- Page 59 ---
Important Information 
 
59 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND OFFER OF WARRANTS 
GENERALLY 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Warrants in any jurisdic tion 
to any person to w hom it is unlaw ful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. The distribution of this Base 
Prospectus and the offer or sale of Warrants may be restricted by law  in certain jurisdictions. None of the Issuers, the 
Guarantor, the Arranger or the Dealers represent that this Base Prospectus may be law fully distributed, or that any 
Warrants may be law fully offered, in compliance w ith any applicable registration or other requirements in any such 
jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such 
distribution or offering. In particular, unless specifically indicated to the contrary in the applicable Final Terms, no action 
has been taken by the Issuers, the Guarantor, the Arranger or the Dealers w hich is intended to permit a public offering of 
any Warrants outside the European Economic Area (EEA) or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction w here 
action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Warrants may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this 
Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except 
under circumstances that w ill result in compliance w ith any applicable law s and regulations. Persons into w hose possession 
this Base Prospectus or any Warrant comes must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of Warrants (see "Subscription, Sale and Transfer 
Restrictions"). 
Each prospective investor in the Warrants must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its ow n circumstances . 
In particular, each prospective investor may w ish to consider, either on its ow n or w ith the help of its financial and other 
professional advisers w hether it: 
(i) 
has sufficient know ledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Warrants, the merits and risks 
of investing in the Warrants and the information contained in, or incorporated by reference into, this Base 
Prospectus or any applicable Supplement and in the applicable Final Terms; 
(ii) 
has access to, and know ledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular financial 
situation, an investment in the Warrants and the impact the Warrants w ill have on its overall investment portfolio;  
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Warrants, including 
Warrants in respect of w hich amounts are payable in one or more currencies, or w here the currency for payments 
is different from the prospective investor's currency; 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Warrants and is familiar w ith the behaviour of any relevant underlying 
and financial markets; and 
(v) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment 
and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain investors are subject 
to legal investment law s and regulations, or review  or regulation by certain authorities. Each prospective investor should 
consult its legal advisers to determine w hether and to w hat extent (1) Warrants are legal investments for it, (2) Warrants 
can be used as collateral for various types of borrow ing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any 
Warrants. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisors or the appropriate regulators to determine the  
appropriate treatment of Warrants under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
INDEPENDENT REVIEW AND ADVICE 
Each prospective investor in the Warrants must determine, based on its ow n independent review  and such professional 
advice as it deems appropriate under the circumstances, that its acquisition of the Warrants is fully consistent w ith its 
financial needs, objectives and condition, complies and is fully consistent w ith all investment policies, guidelines and 
restrictions applicable to it and is a fit, proper and suitable investment for it, notw ithstanding the clear and substantial risks 
inherent in investing in or holding the Warrants.

--- Page 60 ---
Important Information 
 
60 
 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment law s and regulations, or review  or regulation 
by certain authorities. Each prospective investor should consult its legal advisers to determine w hether and to w hat extent 
(i) Warrants are legal investments for it, (ii) Warrants can be used as collateral for various types of borrow ing and (iii) other 
restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Warrants. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the 
appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Warrants under any applicable risk-based capital or similar 
rules. Prospective investors should also conduct such independent investigation and analysis regarding the Issuer, the 
Guarantor, the Warrants and all other relevant market and economic factors as they deem appropriate to evaluate the 
merits and risks of an investment in Warrants. 
A prospective investor may not rely on the Issuers, the Guarantor, the Arranger or the Dealer(s) or any other member of 
the Group in connection w ith its determination as to the legality of its acquisition of the Warrants or as to the other matters 
referred to above. 
ASSESSMENT OF INVESTMENT SUITABILITY 
Each prospective investor in the Warrants must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its ow n financial 
circumstances and investment objectives, and only after careful consideration w ith its financial, legal, tax and other 
advisers. In particular, each prospective investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient know ledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Warrants, the merits and risks 
of investing in the Warrants and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus 
or any applicable Supplement; 
(ii) 
have access to, and know ledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular financial 
situation, an investment in the Warrants and the impact the Warrants w ill have on its overall investment portfolio;  
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Warrants; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Warrants and be familiar w ith the behaviour of any relevant indices and 
financial markets; and 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or w ith the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, interest 
rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
The Warrants are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not purchase complex 
financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They purchase complex financial instruments as a w ay to reduce risk or 
enhance yield w ith an understood, measured and appropriate addition of risk to their overall portfolios. A prospective 
investor should not invest in Warrants w hich are complex financial instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone or 
w ith a financial adviser) to evaluate how  the Warrants w ill perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the 
value of the Warrants and the impact this investment w ill have on the prospective investor's overall investment portfolio. 
Some Warrants w hich are complex financial instruments may be redeemable at an amount below  par in w hich case 
investors may lose the value of part or their entire investment. 
NO LEGAL AND TAX ADVICE 
Neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor are giving legal or tax advices to the investors. Each prospective investor should 
consult its ow n advisers as to legal, tax and related aspects relating to an investment in the Warrants. A Warrantholder's 
effective yield on the Warrants may be diminished by the tax on that Warrantholder of its investment in the Warrants. 
LEGALITY OF PURCHASE 
None of the Issuer, the Agents or any of their respective affiliates has or assumes responsibility for the law fulness of the 
acquisition of the Warrants by a prospective purchaser of the Warrants, w hether under the law s of the jurisdiction of its 
incorporation or the jurisdiction in w hich it operates (if different), or for compliance by that prospective purchaser w ith any 
law , regulation or regulatory policy applicable to it.

--- Page 61 ---
Important Information 
 
61 
 
TAXATION 
Potential purchasers and sellers of the Warrants should be aw are that they may be required to pay taxes or documentary 
charges or duties in accordance w ith the law s and practices of the jurisdiction w here the Warrants are transferred or other 
jurisdictions. In some jurisdictions, no official statements of the tax authorities or court decisions may be available in relation 
to the tax treatment of financial instruments such as the Warrants. Prospective investors are advised not to rely upon the  
tax summary contained in this Base Prospectus but to ask for their ow n tax adviser's advice on their individual taxation 
w ith respect to the acquisition, holding, disposal and settlement of the Warrants. Only such adviser is in a position to duly  
consider the specific situation of the prospective investor. 
NO GROSS-UP RISK 
If a w ithholding or deduction is required by the Tax Jurisdiction and if the applicable Final Terms specify that the Gross -up 
provision is not applicable, the Issuer w ill not be required to pay such additional amounts. In this case, neither the Issuer 
nor any paying agent nor any other person w ill be required to pay additional amounts to cover the amounts so w ithheld or 
deducted. Consequently, investors w ill receive such payments net of such w ithholding tax. In such case, investors should 
note that they w ill take the risk of any applicable w ithholding tax and each Warrantholder shall be responsible for supplying  
or filing (as applicable) in a timely manner any documentary evidence or forms as the investor may be entitled to and as 
may be required in order to obtain relief or reduction of taxes imposed by w ay of w ithholding or deduction on payments 
under the Warrants. 
In addition, neither the Issuer nor any paying agent nor any other person w ill be required to pay additional amounts to 
cover any amounts w ithheld or deducted on account of any United States w ithholding taxes, including taxes under FATCA  
and Section 871(m) as discussed below . Consequently, investors w ill receive payments net of any applicable United States 
w ithholding taxes. 
UNITED STATES IMPORTANT NOTICE 
The Warrants and any guarantee thereof have not been and w ill not be registered under the Securities Act or under the 
securities law  of any state or political sub-division of the United States, and trading in the Warrants has not been approved 
by the CFTC under the CEA. No person has registered and no person w ill register as a "commodity pool operator" of any 
Issuer under the CEA and the CFTC Rules, and no Issuer has been and no Issuer w ill be registered as an investment 
company under the Investment Company Act. The Warrants are being offered and sold in reliance on an exemption from 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act pursuant to Regulation S. 
Accordingly, the Warrants may only be offered, sold, pledged or otherw ise transferred in an “offshore transaction” (as 
defined under Regulation S) to or for the account or benefit of a person w ho (a) is not a U.S. Person, as defined in the 
General Terms and Conditions; and (b) is not a person w ho comes w ithin any definition of U.S. person for the purposes of 
the CEA or any CFTC Rule, guidance or order proposed or issued under the CEA (for the avoidance of doubt, any person 
w ho is not a “Non-United States person” defined under CFTC Rule 4.7(a)(1)(iv), but excluding, for purposes of subsection 
(D) thereof, the exception for qualified eligible persons w ho are not “Non-United States persons”, shall be considered a 
U.S. person) and (c) is not a "U.S. person" for purposes of the final rules implementing the credit risk retention requirements 
of Section 15G of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the U.S. Risk Retention Rules) (a Risk 
Retention U.S. Person) (such a person or account, as described herein, a Permitted Transferee). The Warrants are 
available only to Permitted Transferees. 
THE WARRANTS OFFERED HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED WITH, OR APPROV ED 
BY, ANY UNITED STATES FEDERAL OR STATE SECURITIES OR COMMODITIES COMMISSION OR REGULA TORY  
AUTHORITY. FURTHERMORE, THE FOREGOING AUTHORITIES HAVE NOT PASSED UPON OR ENDORSED THE 
MERITS 
OF THIS 
OFFERING 
OR THE 
ACCURACY 
OR ADEQUACY 
OF THIS 
BASE PROSPECTUS. 
ANY  
REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENCE IN THE UNITED STATES. 
This Base Prospectus is not a prospectus for the purposes of Section 12(a)(2) or any other provision of or rule under the 
Securities Act.

--- Page 62 ---
Important Information 
 
62 
 
Warrants in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law  requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered w ithin the 
United States or its possessions or to United States persons, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. Treasury 
regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 
(the Code) and the U.S. Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that, except to the extent subparagraph (ii) below  may apply, any 
offer of Warrants in any Member State of the EEA (each, a Relevant State) w ill be made pursuant to an exemption under 
the Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of Warrants. Accordingly any person 
making or intending to make an offer in that Relevant State of Warrants w hich are the subject of an offering contemplated 
in this Base Prospectus as completed by final terms in relation to the offer of those Warrants may only do so (i) in 
circumstances in w hich no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the 
Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in 
relation to such offer, or (ii) if a prospectus for such offer has been approved by the competent authority in that Relevant 
State or, w here appropriate, approved in another Relevant State and notified to the competent authority in that Relevant 
State and (in either case) published, all in accordance w ith the Prospectus Regulation, provided that any such prospectus  
has subsequently been completed by final terms w hich specify that offers may be made other than pursuant to Articles 
1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Relevant State, such offer is made in the period beginning and ending 
on the dates specified for such purpose in such prospectus or final terms, as applicable and the Issuer has consented in 
w riting to its use for the purpose of such offer. Except to the extent subparagraph (ii) above may apply, neither the Issuer 
nor any Dealer has authorised, nor does it authorise, the making of any offer of Warrants in circumstances in w hich an 
obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
SWITZERLAND IMPORTANT NOTICE 
The Warrants described in this Base Prospectus and related offering documents do not constitute a participation in a 
collective investment scheme w ithin the meaning of the Sw iss Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes ( CISA). 
Therefore, the Warrants are not subject to authorisation and supervision by the Sw iss Financial Market Supervisory 
Authority FINMA (FINMA) and investors in the Warrants issued under this Programme w ill not benefit from protection under 
the CISA or supervision by FINMA. Investors in the Warrants w ill bear a credit risk on the Issuer of the Warrants or, in the 
case of guaranteed Warrants, on the Guarantor. 
WITHHOLDING TAX IN FRANCE 
The statements herein regarding w ithholding tax considerations in France are based on the law s in force in France as of 
the date of this Base Prospectus and are subject to any changes in law . 
The follow ing information is of a general nature only, is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, legal or tax 
advice, and does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the French tax considerations w hich may be relevant 
to a decision to purchase, ow n or dispose of the Warrants. The information contained herein is limited to French w ithholding 
tax issues and prospective investors in the Warrants should therefore consult their ow n professional advisers as to the 
effects of state, local or foreign law s, including French tax law , to w hich they may be subject and as to their tax position,  
as a result of the purchase, ow nership and disposal of the Warrants. 
Payments made by Societe Generale as Issuer 
The following may be relevant to holders of the Warrants who do not concurrently hold shares in Societe Generale. 
Warrants issued by Societe Generale which are not consolidated (assimila bles for the purposes of French law) 
and do not form a single series with warrants issued before 1 M arch 2010. 
Payments of interest and other income made by Societe Generale w ith respect to Warrants issued as from 1 March 2010 
(other than Warrants (as described below ) w hich are consolidated (assimilables for the purpose of French law ) and form 
a single series w ith w arrants issued before 1 March 2010 having the benefit of Article 131 quater of the French tax code 
(FTC)) w ill not be subject to the w ithholding tax provided by Article 125 A III of the FTC unless such payments are made 
outside France in certain non-cooperative States or territories (Etats ou territoires non coopératifs) w ithin the meaning of

--- Page 63 ---
Important Information 
 
63 
 
Article 238-0 A of the FTC (a Non-Cooperative State or Non-Cooperative States). If such payments under the Warrants 
are made outside France in certain Non-Cooperative States, a 75 per cent. w ithholding tax w ill be applicable (subject to 
certain exceptions and to the more favourable provisions of an applicable double tax treaty) by virtue of Article 125 A III of 
the FTC. The list of Non-Cooperative States is published by a ministerial executive order and is updated on annual basis. 
Furthermore, according to Article 238 A of the FTC, interest and other income on such Warrants w ill not be deductible from 
Societe Generale’s taxable income if they are paid or accrued to persons domiciled or established in a Non-Cooperative 
State or paid to an account opened in the books of a financial institution established in such a Non-Cooperative State (the 
Deductibility Exclusion). Under certain conditions, any such non-deductible interest and other income may be 
recharacterised as constructive dividends pursuant to Articles 109 et seq. of the FTC, in w hich case such non-deductible 
interest and other income may be subject to the w ithholding tax provided by Article 119 bis 2 of the FTC, at a rate of (i) 
12.8 per cent. for payments benefiting individuals w ho are not French tax residents, (ii) 30 per cent. (to be aligned w ith the 
standard corporate income tax rate set forth in Article 219-I of the FCT for fiscal years beginning as from 1 January 2020) 
for payments benefiting legal persons w ho are not French tax residents or (iii) 75 per cent. for payments made outside 
France in certain Non-Cooperative States (subject to certain exceptions and to the more favourable provisions of an 
applicable double tax treaty). 
Notw ithstanding the foregoing, neither the 75 per cent. w ithholding tax provided by Article 125 A III of the FTC nor the 
Deductibility Exclusion w ill apply in respect of a particular issue of Warrants if the relevant Issuer can prove that the main 
purpose and effect of such issue of Warrants w as not that of allow ing the payments of interest or other income to be made 
in a Non-Cooperative 
State (the Exception). Pursuant to the Bulletin Officiel des Finances Publiques-Impôts 
BOI-INT-DG-20-50-20140211, 
no. 550 and 990, BOI-RPPM-RCM-30-10-20-40-20140211, 
no. 70 and 80, and 
BOI-IR-DOMIC-10-20-20-60-20150320, no. 10, an issue of Warrants w ill benefit from the Exception w ithout the Issuer 
having to provide any proof of the purpose and effect of such issue of Warrants, if such Warrants are: 
(i) 
offered by means of a public offer w ithin the meaning of Article L. 411.1 of the French monetary and financial 
code or pursuant to an equivalent offer in a State other than a Non-Cooperative State. For this purpose, an 
"equivalent offer" means any offer requiring the registration or submission of an offer document by or w ith a foreign 
securities market authority; or 
(ii) 
admitted to trading on a French or foreign regulated market or multilateral securities trading system provided that 
such market or system is not located in a Non-Cooperative State, and the operation of such market is carried out 
by a market operator or an investment services provider or any other similar foreign entity, provided further that 
such market operator, investment services provider or entity is not located in a Non-Cooperative State; or 
(iii) 
admitted, at the time of their issue, to the operations of a central depositary or of a securities delivery and payment 
systems operator w ithin the meaning of Article L. 561-2 of the French monetary and financial code, or of one or 
more similar foreign depositaries or operators provided that such depositary or operator is not located in a 
Non-Cooperative State. 
Warrants issued by Societe Generale which are consolidated (assimilables for the purposes of French law) and 
form a single series with warrants issued before 1 M arch 2010 
Payments of interest and other income w ith respect to Warrants issued as from 1 March 2010 w hich are consolidated 
(assimilables for the purpose of French law ) and form a single series w ith w arrants issued before 1 March 2010 w ith the 
benefit of Article 131 quater of the FTC w ill be exempt from the w ithholding tax provided by Article 125 A III of the FTC. 
Warrants issued before 1 March 2010, w hether denominated in Euro or in any other currency, and constituting obligations 
under French law , or titres de créances négociables w ithin the meaning of the Bulletin Officiel des Finances 
Publiques-Impôts BOI-RPPM-RCM-30-10-30-30-20140211, no. 50, or other debt securities issued under French or foreign 
law  and considered by the French tax authorities as falling into similar categories, are deemed to be issued outside France 
for the purpose of Article 131 quater of the FTC, in accordance w ith the above-mentioned Bulletin Officiel des Finances 
Publiques-Impôts. 
In addition, interest and other income paid by the relevant Issuer on Warrants issued as from 1 March 2010 and w hich are 
to be consolidated (assimilables for the purpose of French law ) and form a single series w ith w arrants issued before 1

--- Page 64 ---
Important Information 
 
64 
 
March 2010 w ill be subject neither to the Deductibility Exclusion, nor as a result to the w ithholding tax provided by Article 
119 bis 2 of the FTC solely on account of their being paid in a Non-Cooperative State or accrued or paid to persons 
established or domiciled in a Non-Cooperative State. 
Payments made to individuals fiscally domiciled in France 
Pursuant to Article 125 A I of the FTC, w here the paying agent (établissement payeur) is established in France and subject 
to certain exceptions, interest and other assimilated income received by individuals w ho are fiscally domiciled (domiciliés 
fiscalement) in France are subject to a 12.8 per cent. w ithholding tax, w hich is deductible from their personal income tax 
liability in respect of the year in w hich the payment has been made. Social contributions (CSG, CRDS and solidarity levy) 
are also levied by w ay of w ithholding at a global rate of 17.2 per cent. on such interest and other assimilated income 
received by individuals w ho are fiscally domiciled (domiciliés fiscalement) in France, subject to certain exceptions. 
WITHHOLDING TAX IN LUXEMBOURG 
The statements herein regarding w ithholding tax considerations in Luxembourg are based on the law s in force in the Grand 
Duchy of Luxembourg as of the date of this Base Prospectus and are subject to any changes in law . 
The follow ing information is of a general nature only, is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, legal or tax 
advice, and does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the Luxembourg tax considerations w hich may be 
relevant to a decision to purchase, ow n or dispose of the Warrants. The information contained herein is limited to 
Luxembourg w ithholding tax issues and prospective investors in the Warrants should therefore consult their own 
professional advisers as to the effects of state, local or foreign law s, including Luxembourg tax law , to w hich they may be 
subject and as to their tax position, as a result of the purchase, ow nership and disposal of the Warrants. 
Please be aw are that the residence concept used under the respective headings below  applies for Luxembourg income 
tax assessment purposes only. Any reference in the present herein to a w ithholding tax or a tax of a similar nature, or to 
any other concepts, refers to Luxembourg tax law  and/or concepts only. 
Non-resident holders of Warrants issued by SG Issuer 
Under Luxembourg general tax law s currently in force, there is no Luxembourg w ithholding tax on payments of principal, 
premium or interest made to non-resident holders of Warrants, nor on accrued but unpaid interest in respect of the 
Warrants, nor is any Luxembourg w ithholding tax payable upon redemption or repurchase of the Warrants held by 
non-resident holders of the Warrants. 
Resident holders of Warrants issued by SG Issuer 
Under Luxembourg general tax law s currently in force and subject to the law  of 23 December 2005, as amended (the Relibi 
Law ), there is no Luxembourg w ithholding tax on payments of principal, premium or interest made to Luxembourg resident 
holders of Warrants, nor on accrued but unpaid interest in respect of the Warrants, nor is any Luxembourg w ithholding tax 
payable upon redemption or repurchase of the Warrants held by Luxembourg resident holders of the Warrants. 
Under the Relibi Law  payments of interest or similar income made or ascribed by a paying agent established in Luxembourg 
to an individual beneficial ow ner w ho is a resident of Luxembourg w ill be subject to a w ithholding tax of 20 %. Such 
w ithholding tax w ill be in full discharge of income tax if the beneficial ow ner is an individual acting in the course of the 
management of his/her private w ealth. Responsibility for the w ithholding of the tax w ill be assumed by the Luxembourg 
paying agent. 
SERVICE OF PROCESS AND ENFORCEM ENT OF CIVIL LIABILITIES 
The Issuers are corporations organised under the law s of Luxembourg, France and Germany, respectively (each a 
Relevant Jurisdiction). All of the officers and directors named herein reside outside the United States and all or a substantial 
portion of the assets of the relevant Issuer and of such officers and directors are located outside the United States. As a 
result, it may not be possible for investors to effect service of process in connection w ith a cause of action under the laws  
of a jurisdiction other than England and Wales outside the Relevant Jurisdiction upon the relevant Issuer or such persons,

--- Page 65 ---
Important Information 
 
65 
 
or to enforce judgments against them obtained in courts outside the Relevant Jurisdiction predicated upon civil liabilities of 
the relevant Issuer or such directors and officers under law s other than those of the Relevant Jurisdiction, including any 
judgment predicated upon United States federal securities law s. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Warrants state “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as applicable, the 
Warrants, are not intended to be offered, sold or otherw ise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherw ise 
made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person w ho is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer w ithin the meaning of Directive 
2016/97/EU (as amended or superseded, the Insurance Distribution Directive), w here that customer w ould not qualify as 
a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling those Warrants or otherw ise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling those Warrants or otherw ise making them available 
to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlaw ful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
Each Issuer maintains its financial books and records and prepares its financial statements in accordance w ith financial 
reporting standards w hich differ in certain important respects from generally accepted accounting principles  in the United 
States (U.S. GAAP). 
Credit ratings 
The Issuer may ask one or more independent credit rating agencies (established in the EU and registered under the 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 16 September 2009, as amended 
(the CRA Regulation) and such registration has not been w ithdraw n or suspended) to assign credit ratings to a Series of 
Warrants. The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors 
discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Warrants. A credit rating is not a recommendation to 
buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or w ithdraw n by the rating agency at any time. 
In general, European regulated investors should only base their investment decision on credit ratings assigned by credit 
rating agencies that are on the list of registered and certified rating agencies published by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority (ESMA) on its w ebsite in accordance w ith the CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status 
of the relevant rating agency included in such list, as there may be delays betw een certain supervisory measures being 
taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list. 
Structured Warrants Linked to SGI Indices 
The roles of the various teams involved w ithin Societe Generale in the design, maintenance and replication of indices have 
been strictly defined. The replication of any index is carried out in the same w ay by a single team w ithin Societe Generale, 
w hether for hedging of a product held by external investors or for positions held by Societe Generale acting as co-investors 
alongside external investors. 
INTERPRETATION 
1. 
Capitalised terms w hich are used but not defined in any particular section of this Base Prospectus shall have the 
meaning attributed thereto in the relevant General Terms and Conditions or any other section of this Base 
Prospectus. 
2. 
All references in this Base Prospectus and any applicable Final Terms to: 
(a) 
"U.S. dollars" or "U.S.$" refer to the law ful currency of the United States, those to "Sterling" or "£" refer 
to the law ful currency of the United Kingdom, those to "Australian dollars" or "A$" refer to the law ful 
currency of Australia, those to "Sw iss Francs" refer to the law ful currency of Sw itzerland, those to

--- Page 66 ---
Important Information 
 
66 
 
"Japanese Yen" or "¥" refer to the law ful currency of Japan, those to "euro", "Euro" or "€" refer to the 
law ful currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union 
pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended and those to "CNY", 
"Yuan" or "RMB" or "Renminbi" refer to the law ful currency of the People's Republic of China (the PRC), 
w hich for the purpose of this document, excludes Taiw an and the Special Administrative Regions of the 
PRC: Hong Kong and Macau. 
(b) 
any three letter alphabetic currency codes, including but not limited to the three letter alphabetic currency 
codes set out below , shall have the meaning given to them pursuant to ISO 4217 (the international 
standard currency code established by the International Organization for Standardization): 
 
Alphabetic code 
Country 
Currency 
AED 
UNITED ARAB EMIRATES 
United Arab Emirates Dirham 
ARS 
ARGENTINA 
Argentine Peso 
AUD 
AUSTRALIA 
Australian Dollar 
BGN 
BULGARIA 
Bulgarian Lev 
BHD 
BAHRAIN 
Bahraini Dinar 
BWP 
BOTSWANA 
Botsw ana Pula 
BRL 
BRAZIL 
Brazilian Real 
CAD 
CANADA 
Canadian Dollar 
CHF 
SWITZERLA ND 
Sw iss Franc 
CLP 
CHILE 
Chilean Peso 
CNY 
CHINA 
Onshore Chinese Yuan Renminbi 
CNH 
CHINA 
Onshore or Offshore Chinese Yuan  
CZK 
CZECH REPUBLIC 
Czech Koruna 
DKK 
DENMA RK 
Danish Krone 
EUR 
EUROPEAN MEMBER STATES1 
Euro 
GBP 
UNITED KINGDOM 
Pound Sterling 
GHS 
GHANA 
New  Ghanaian cedi 
HKD 
HONG KONG 
Hong Kong Dollar 
HUF 
HUNGARY 
Forint 
ILS 
ISRAEL 
New  Israeli Shekel 
                                              
 
1  European Member States that have adopted the Euro pursuant to the third stage of European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on 
the Functioning of the European Union, as amended.

--- Page 67 ---
Important Information 
 
67 
 
Alphabetic code 
Country 
Currency 
IDR 
INDONESIA 
Indonesian Rupiah 
ISK 
ICELAND 
Icelandic Krona 
JOD 
JORDAN 
Jordanian Dinar 
JPY 
JAPAN 
Yen 
KES 
KENYA 
Kenyan Shilling 
KWD 
KUWAIT 
Kuw aiti Dinar 
KZT 
KAZAKHSTAN 
Kazakhstan Tenge 
LBP 
LEBANON 
Lebanese Pound 
LVL 
LATVIA 
Latvian Lats 
MAD 
MOROCCO 
Moroccan Dirham 
MUR 
MAURITIUS 
Mauritian Rupee 
MXN 
MEXICO 
Mexican Peso 
MYR 
MALAYSIA 
Malaysian Ringgit 
NAD 
NAMIBIA 
Namibian Dollar 
NGN 
NIGERIA 
Nigerian Naira 
NOK 
NORWAY 
Norw egian Krone 
OMR 
OMAN 
Omani Rial 
NZD 
NEW ZEALAND 
New  Zealand Dollar 
PEN 
PERU 
Peruvian Nuevo Sol 
PHP 
PHILIPPINES 
Philippine Peso 
PLN 
POLAND 
Zloty 
QAR 
QATAR 
Qatari Riyal 
RON 
ROMANIA 
Leu 
RUB 
RUSSIA 
Russian Ruble 
SAR 
SAUDI ARABIA 
Saudi Arabian Riyal 
SEK 
SWEDEN 
Sw edish Krona 
SGD 
SINGAPORE 
Singapore Dollar

--- Page 68 ---
Important Information 
 
68 
 
Alphabetic code 
Country 
Currency 
THB 
THAILAND 
Thai Baht 
TND 
TUNISIA 
Tunisian Dinar 
TRY 
TURKEY 
Turkish Lira 
USD 
UNITED STATES 
US Dollar 
ZAR 
SOUTH AFRICA 
Rand 
(a) 
"Warrants" shall be to the English Law  Warrants and/or the French Law  Warrants, as appropriate. For 
the avoidance of doubt, in "General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants", references to 
"Warrants" shall be to the English Law  Warrants and in "General Terms and Conditions of the French 
Law Warrants", references to "Warrants" shall be to the French Law  Warrants; 
(b) 
the "General Terms and Conditions" or the "Conditions" shall be to the General Terms and Conditions 
of the English Law  Warrants and/or the General Terms and Conditions of the French Law  Warrants, as 
appropriate; 
(c) 
an "English Law  Condition" shall be to the relevant condition in the General Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law  Warrants; 
(d) 
the “Final Terms” shall be to the final terms document prepared based on the “Form of Final Terms”; and 
(e) 
a "French Law  Condition" shall be to the relevant condition in the General Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law  Warrants. 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
EACH OF THE ISSUERS AND THE GUARANTOR (THE RESPONSIBLE PERSONS) ACCEPT RESPONSIBILITY FOR 
THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN, OR INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE INTO, THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND 
FOR THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THE APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS FOR EACH TRANCHE OF WARRANTS 
ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME. TO THE BEST OF THE KNOWLEDGE AND BELIEF OF EACH ISSUER AND 
THE GUARANTOR (EACH HAVING TAKEN ALL REASONABLE CARE TO ENSURE THAT SUCH IS THE CASE) THE 
INFORMATION CONTAINED IN, OR INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE INTO, THIS BASE PROSPECTUS IS IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH THE FACTS AND DOES NOT OMIT ANYTHING LIKELY TO AFFECT THE IMPORT OF SUCH 
INFORMATION.

--- Page 69 ---
Regulatory Information 
 
69 
 
REGULATORY INFORMATION 
French, Luxembourg and German law and European legislation regarding the resolution of financial institutions 
may require the write-down or conversion to equity of the Warrants or other resolution measures if the Issuers 
are deemed to meet the conditions for resolution 
Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union dated 15 May 2014 
establishing a framew ork for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (the BRRD) entered 
into force on 2 July 2014. The BRRD has been implemented into Luxembourg law  by, among others, the Luxembourg act 
dated 18 December 2015 on the failure of credit institutions and certain investment firms, as amended (the BRR Act 2015). 
Under the BRR Act 2015, the competent authority is the Luxembourg financial sector supervisory authority (Commission 
de surveillance du secteur financier, the CSSF) and the resolution authority is the CSSF acting as resolution council 
(conseil de résolution). 
The BRRD has been implemented into German law  by, among others, the German Act on the Restructuring and Resolution 
of Institutions (Sanierungs- und Abwicklungsgesetz, as amended, the SAG). Under the SAG, the competent authority is 
the German financial sector supervisory authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht, the BaFin) and the 
resolution authority is the BaFin acting as resolution council. 
Moreover, Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 July 2014 establishing 
uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and certain investment firms in the framew ork 
of a Single Resolution Mechanism (SRM) and a Single Resolution Fund (the SRM Regulation) has established a 
centralised pow er of resolution entrusted to a Single Resolution Board (the SRB) in cooperation w ith the national resolution 
authorities. 
Since November 2014, the European Central Bank (ECB) has taken over the prudential supervision of significant credit 
institutions in the member states of the Eurozone under the Single Supervisory Mechanism (SSM). In addition, the SRM 
has been put in place to ensure that the resolution of credit institutions and certain investment firms across the Eurozone 
is harmonised. As mentioned above, the SRM is managed by the SRB. Under Article 5(1) of the SRM Regulation, the SRM 
has been granted those responsibilities and pow ers granted to the EU Member States’ resolution authorities under the 
BRRD for those credit institutions and certain investment firms subject to direct supervision by the ECB. The ability of the 
SRB to exercise these pow ers came into force at the beginning of 2016. 
Societe Generale has been designated as a significant supervised entity for the purposes of Article 49(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 468/2014 of the ECB of 16 April 2014 establishing the framew ork for cooperation w ithin the SSM betw een the 
ECB and national competent authorities and w ith national designated authorities (the SSM Regulation) and is 
consequently subject to the direct supervision of the ECB in the context of the SSM. This means that Societe Generale, 
SG Issuer and Societe Generale Effekten GmbH (being covered by the consolidated prudential supervision of Societe 
Generale) are also subject to the SRM w hich came into force in 2015. The SRM Regulation mirrors the BRRD and, to a 
large part, refers to the BRRD so that the SRB is able to apply the same pow ers that w ould otherw ise be available to the 
relevant national resolution authority. 
The stated aim of the BRRD and the SRM Regulation is to provide for the establishment of an EU-w ide framew ork for the 
recovery and resolution of credit institutions and certain investment firms. The regime provided for by the BRRD is, among 
other things, stated to be needed to provide the resolution authority designated by each EU Member State (the Resolution 
Authority) w ith a credible set of tools to intervene sufficiently early and quickly in an unsound or failing institution so as to 
ensure the continuity of the institution’s critical financial and economic functions w hile minimising the impact of an 
institution’s failure on the economy and financial system (including taxpayers’ exposure to losses). 
Under the SRM Regulation, a centralised pow er of resolution is established and entrusted to the SRB acting in cooperation 
w ith the national resolution authorities. In accordance w ith the provisions of the SRM Regulation, w hen applicable, the 
SRB, has replaced the national resolution authorities designated under the BRRD w ith respect to all aspects relating to 
the decision-making process and the national resolution authorities designated under the BRRD continue to carry out 
activities relating to the implementation of resolution schemes adopted by the SRB. The provisions relating to the

--- Page 70 ---
Regulatory Information 
 
70 
 
cooperation betw een the SRB and the national resolution authorities for the preparation of the institutions’ resolution plans  
have applied since 1 January 2015 and the SRM has been fully operational since 1 January 2016. 
The SRB is the Resolution Authority for the Issuers (Societe Generale, and SG Issuer ). 
The pow ers provided to the Resolution Authority in the BRRD and the SRM Regulation include w rite-dow n/conversion 
pow ers to ensure that capital instruments (including subordinated debt instruments and/or Unsecured Warrants (issued by 
SG Issuer)) and eligible liabilities (including senior debt instruments, such as the Senior Warrants, if junior instruments 
prove insufficient to absorb all losses) absorb losses of the issuing institution that is subject to resolution in accordance 
w ith a set order of priority (the Bail-in Power). The conditions for resolution under the SRM Regulation are deemed to be 
met w hen: (i) the Resolution Authority determines that the institution is failing or is likely to fail, (ii) there is no reasonable 
prospect that any measure other than a resolution measure w ould prevent the failure w ithin a reasonable timeframe, and 
(iii) a resolution measure is necessary for the achievement of the resolution objectives (in particular, ensuring the continuity 
of critical functions, avoiding a significant adverse effect on the financial system, protecting public funds by minimizin g 
reliance on extraordinary public financial support, and protecting client funds and assets) and w inding up of the institution 
under normal insolvency proceedings w ould not meet those resolution objectives to the same extent. 
The Resolution Authority could also, independently of a resolution measure or in combination w ith a resolution measure, 
fully or partially w rite-dow n or convert capital instruments (including subordinated debt instruments such as the Unsecured 
Warrants (issued by SG Issuer)) into equity w hen it determines that the institution or its group w ill no longer be viable 
unless such w rite-dow n or conversion pow er is exercised or w hen the institution requires extraordinary public financial 
support (except w hen extraordinary public financial support is provided in in Article 10 of the SRM Regulation. The terms 
and conditions of the Warrants contain provisions giving effect to the Bail-in Pow er in the context of resolution and 
w rite-dow n or conversion of capital instruments at the point of non-viability. 
The Bail-in Pow er could result in the full (i.e., to zero) or partial w rite-dow n or conversion of the Warrants into ordinary 
shares or other instruments of ow nership, or the variation of the terms of the Warrants (for example, the expiration of the 
Warrants may be altered and/or a temporary suspension of payments may be ordered). Extraordinary public financial 
support should only be used as a last resort after having assessed and applied, to the maximum extent practicable, the 
resolution measures. No support w ill be available until a minimum amount of contribution to loss absorption and 
recapitalization of 8% of total liabilities including ow n funds has been made by shareholders, holders of capital instruments  
and other eligible liabilities through w rite-dow n, conversion or otherw ise. 
In addition to the Bail-in Pow er, the BRRD provides the Resolution Authority w ith broader pow ers to implement other 
resolution measures w ith respect to institutions that meet the conditions for resolution, w hich may include (w ithout 
limitation) the sale of the institution’s business, the creation of a bridge institution, the separation of assets, the replacement 
or substitution of the institution as obligor in respect of debt instruments, modifications to the terms of debt instruments 
(including altering the maturity and/or the amount of interest payable and/or imposing a temporary suspension on 
payments), removing management, appointing an interim administrator, and discontinuing the listing and admission to 
trading of financial instruments. 
Before taking a resolution measure, including implementing the Bail-in Pow er, or exercising the pow er to w rite dow n or 
convert relevant capital instruments, the Resolution Authority must ensure that a fair, prudent and realistic valuation of the 
assets and liabilities of the institution is carried out by a person independent from any public authority. 
The application of any measure under the BRRD and the SRM Regulation or any suggestion of such application w ith 
respect to any of the Issuers or the Group could materially adversely affect the rights of Warrantholders, the price or value 
of an investment in the Warrants and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under any Warrants, and as a 
result investors may lose their entire investment. 
Moreover, if the financial condition deteriorates of any of the Issuers, the existence of the Bail-in Pow er, the exercise of 
w rite-dow n/conversion pow ers or any other resolution tools by the Resolution Authority independently of a resolution 
measure or in combination w ith a resolution measure w hen it determines that any of the Issuers or the Group w ill no longer 
be viable could cause the market price or value of the Warrants to decline more rapidly than w ould be the case in the 
absence of such pow ers.

--- Page 71 ---
Regulatory Information 
 
71 
 
Since 1 January 2016, EU credit institutions (such as Societe Generale) and certain investment firms have to meet, at all 
times, a minimum requirement for ow n funds and eligible liabilities (MREL) pursuant to Article 12 of the SRM Regulation. 
The MREL, w hich is expressed as a percentage of the total liabilities and ow n funds of the institution, aims at preventing 
institutions from structuring their liabilities in a manner that impedes the effectiveness of the Bail-in Pow er in order to 
facilitate resolution. 
The current regime w ill evolve as a result of the changes adopted by the EU legislators. On 7 June 2019, as part of the 
contemplated amendments to the so-called EU Banking Package, the follow ing legislative texts have been published in 
the Official Journal of the EU 14 May 2019 : 
 
Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending the BRRD as 
regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms (the BRRD II) 
and 
 
Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending the SRM 
Regulation as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity (TLAC) of credit institutions and 
investment firms (the SRM II Regulation and, together w ith the BRRD II, the EU Banking Package Reforms). 
The EU Banking Package Reforms w ill introduce, among other things, the TLAC standard as implemented by the Financial 
Stability Board's TLAC Term Sheet (FSB TLAC Term Sheet), by adapting, among others, the existing regime relating to 
the specific MREL w ith aim of reducing risks in the banking sector and further reinforcing institutions’ ability to w ithstand 
potential shocks w ill strengthen the banking union and reduce risks in the financial system. 
The TLAC w ill be implemented in accordance w ith the FSB TLAC Term Sheet, w hich impose a level of Minimum TLA C 
that w ill be determined individually for each global systemically important bank (G-SIB), such as Societe Generale, in an 
amount at least equal to (i) 16%, plus applicable buffers, of risk w eight assets through January 1, 2022 and 18%, plus 
applicable buffers, thereafter and (ii) 6% of the Basel III leverage ratio denominator through January 1, 2022 and 6.75% 
thereafter (each of w hich could be extended by additional firm-specific requirements). 
According to Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential 
requirements for credit institutions and investment firms (the CRR), as amended by Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending the CRR as regards the leverage ratio, the net stable 
funding ratio, requirements for ow n funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposures to centr al 
counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, large exposures, reporting and disclosure requirements 
(the CRR II), EU G-SIBs, such as Societe Generale, w ill have to comply w ith TLAC requirements, on top of the MREL 
requirements, as from the entry into force of the CRR II. As such, G-SIBs, such as Societe Generale w ill have to comply 
at the same time w ith TLAC and MREL requirements. 
Consequently, criteria for MREL-eligible liabilities w ill be closely aligned w ith those laid dow n in the CRR, as amended by 
the CRR II for the TLAC-eligible liabilities, but subject to the complementary adjustments and requirements introduced in 
the BRRD II. In particular, certain debt instruments w ith an embedded derivative component, such as certain structured 
securities, w ill be eligible, subject to certain conditions, to meet the MREL requirements to the extent that they have a fixed 
or increasing principal amount repayable at maturity that is know n in advance w hile only an additional return is linked to 
that derivative component and depends on the performance of a reference asset. 
The level of capital and eligible liabilities required under MREL w ill be set by the SRB for Societe Generale on an individua l 
and/or consolidated basis based on certain criteria including systemic importance any may also be set for SG Issuer. 
Eligible liabilities may be senior or subordinated, provided, among other requirements, that they have a remaining maturity 
of at least one year and, if governed by non-EU law , they must be able to be w ritten dow n or converted under that law  
(including through contractual provisions). 
The scope of liabilities used to meet the MREL includes, in principle, all liabilities resulting from claims arising from ordinary 
unsecured creditors (non-subordinated liabilities) unless they do not meet specific eligibility criteria set out in the BRRD, 
as amended by the BRRD II. To enhance the resolvability of institutions and entities through an effective use of the bail-in 
tool, the SRB should be able to require that the MREL be met w ith ow n funds and other subordinated liabilities, in particular 
w here there are clear indications that bailed-in creditors are likely to bear losses in resolution that w ould exceed the losses

--- Page 72 ---
Regulatory Information 
 
72 
 
that they w ould incur under normal insolvency proceedings. Moreover the SRB should assess the need to require 
institutions and entities to meet the MREL w ith ow n funds and other subordinated liabilities w here the amount of liabilities 
excluded from the application of the bail- in tool reaches a certain threshold w ithin a class of liabilities that includes 
MREL-eligible liabilities. Any subordination of debt instruments requested by the SRB for the MREL shall be w ithout 
prejudice to the possibility to partly meet the TLAC requirements w ith non-subordinated debt instruments in accordance 
w ith the CRR, as amended by the CRR II, as permitted by the TLAC standard. Specific requirements apply to resolution 
groups w ith assets above EUR 100 billion (top-tier banks). 
If the SRB finds that there could exist any obstacles to resolvability by any of the Issuers and/or the Group, a higher MREL 
requirement could be imposed. Any failure by any of the Issuers, as applicable, and/or the Group to comply w ith its MREL 
may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, financial conditions and results of operations. 
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" 
Interest rates and indices w hich are deemed to be "benchmarks", (including the London interbank offered rate ( LIBOR) 
and the euro interbank offered rate (EURIBOR)) are the subject of recent national and international regulatory guidance 
and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective w hilst others are still to be implemented. These 
reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other 
consequences w hich cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Warrants 
linked to or referencing such a benchmark. 
The EU Benchmark Regulation w as published in the Official Journal of the EU on 29 June 2016 and mostly applies, subject 
to certain transitional provisions, from 1 January 2018. The EU Benchmark Regulation applies to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark w ithin the EU. Among other things, 
it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent 
regime or otherw ise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities (such as Societe 
Generale) of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed 
equivalent or recognised or endorsed). The applicable Final Terms w ill specify w hether the benchmark is provided by an 
administrator included in the register referred to in Article 36 of the EU Benchmark Regulation. 
Each benchmark specified in this Base Prospectus is listed in the table below , w ith the name of the relevant Administrator 
providing such benchmark. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the relevant Administrator appears/ does not appear, as the case may be, on the 
register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority 
pursuant to Article 36 of the EU Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) (the EU Benchmark Regulation), 
as specified in the table below . 
If "Does not appear and exempted" is specified in the table below , it means that the relevant Administrator does not fall 
w ithin the scope of the EU Benchmark Regulation by virtue of Article 2 of that regulation. 
If "Does not appear and non-exempted" is specified in the table below , it means that, as far as the Issuer is aw are, the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of the EU Benchmark Regulation apply, such that the relevant Administrator is not 
currently required to obtain authorisation or registration. 
 
Benchmark 
Administrator 
ESMA Register 
LIBOR 
ICE Benchmark Administration Limited 
Does not appear and non-exempted 
USD-LIBOR 
ICE Benchmark Administration Limited 
Does not appear and non-exempted 
GBP-LIBOR 
ICE Benchmark Administration Limited 
Does not appear and non-exempted 
EURIBOR 
European Money Markets Institute 
(EMMI) 
Appears

--- Page 73 ---
Regulatory Information 
 
73 
 
Benchmark 
Administrator 
ESMA Register 
EUR-EURIBOR-Sw ap 
Rate 11:00 
ICE Benchmark Administration Limited 
Does not appear and non-exempted 
USD-LIBOR- ICE Sw ap 
Rate 11:00 
ICE Benchmark Administration 
Limited 
Does not appear and non-exempted 
USD-CMS 
ICE Benchmark Administration Limited 
Does not appear and non-exempted 
SHIBOR 
People's Bank of China 
Does not appear and exempted 
CIBOR 
Danish Financial Benchmark Facility 
ApS 
Appears 
NIBOR 
Norske Finansielle Referanser AS 
(NoRe) 
Appears 
STIBOR 
Sw edish Financial Benchmark Facility 
Does not appear and non-exempted 
FTSE MIB index 
FTSE International Limited 
Does not appear and non-exempted 
SGMDGRFE index – 
Global Rotation Funds 
EUR Index 
Societe Generale 
Appears 
SGMDGPPB Index – 
SGI Global 85% 
Progressive Protection 
Bond Index 
Societe Generale 
Appears 
IND1GMAS Index – 
Global Multi Asset 
Strategy EUR Index 
Societe Generale 
Appears 
IND1BQSI Index – 
Banor Quality Equity 
Selection Index 
Societe Generale 
Appears 
SGMDPP90 Index – 
SGI Progressive 
Protection 90 Index 
Societe Generale 
Appears 
SGITEGD Index – SGI 
European Green Deal 
Index 
Societe Generale 
Appears 
SGI World Travel and 
Leisure Index 
Societe Generale 
Appears 
SGITGAMA Index – 
SGI Greener America 
Ahead Index 
Societe Generale 
Appears 
 
ERIX Index – European 
Renew able Energy 
Total Return Index in 
EUR 
Societe Generale 
Appears 
 
SGIXROBO Index – 
Rise Of The Robots 
Index (USD – Net Total 
Return) 
Societe Generale 
Appears 
 
SGMDDP95 – SGI 
Dynamic Protection 
95% Index (EUR – 
Societe Generale 
Appears

--- Page 74 ---
Regulatory Information 
 
74 
 
Benchmark 
Administrator 
ESMA Register 
Total Return) 
SGMDPP85 – SGI 
ESG 85% 
Progressive 
Protection Bond 
Index (EUR – Total 
Return) 
Societe Generale 
Appears 
 
AL 
London Metal Exchange Limited (LME) 
Does not appear and non-exempted 
AL3 
London Metal Exchange Limited (LME) 
Does not appear and non-exempted 
CU 
London Metal Exchange Limited (LME) 
Does not appear and non-exempted 
CU3 
London Metal Exchange Limited (LME) 
Does not appear and non-exempted 
GI 
European Energy Exchange (EEX) 
Appears 
GOA 
ICE Benchmark Administration Limited 
(IBA) 
Does not appear and non-exempted 
MCU 
London Metal Exchange Limited (LME) 
Does not appear and non-exempted 
NI 
London Metal Exchange Limited (LME) 
Does not appear and non-exempted 
NI3 
London Metal Exchange Limited (LME) 
Does not appear and non-exempted 
PB 
London Metal Exchange Limited (LME) 
Does not appear and non-exempted 
PB3 
London Metal Exchange Limited (LME) 
Does not appear and non-exempted 
GO 
ICE Benchmark Administration Limited 
(IBA) 
Does not appear and non-exempted 
PDA 
London Metal Exchange Limited (LME) 
Does not appear and non-exempted 
PD 
London Metal Exchange Limited (LME) 
Does not appear and non-exempted 
PTA 
London Metal Exchange Limited (LME) 
Does not appear and non-exempted 
PT 
London Metal Exchange Limited (LME) 
Does not appear and non-exempted 
SI 
ICE Benchmark Administration Limited 
(IBA) 
Does not appear and non-exempted 
ZN 
London Metal Exchange Limited (LME) 
Does not appear and non-exempted 
ZN3 
London Metal Exchange Limited (LME) 
Does not appear and non-exempted 
Regulation (EU) 2019/2089 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 has amended the existing 
provisions of the UK Benchmark Regulation by extending the transitional provisions applicable to material benchmarks 
and third-country benchmarks until the end of 2021. The existing provisions of the EU Benchmark Regulation w ere further 
amended by Regulation (EU) 2021/168 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 10 February 2021 published in 
the Official Journal of the European Union on 12 February 2021 (the Amending Regulation). 
The Amending Regulation introduces a harmonised approach to deal w ith the cessation or w ind-dow n of certain 
benchmarks by conferring the pow er to designate a statutory replacement for certain benchmarks on the Commission, 
such replacement being limited to contracts and financial instruments. In addition, the transitional provisions applicable to  
third-country benchmarks are extended until the end of 2023. The Commission is empow ered to further extend this period 
until the end of 2025, if necessary. The Amending Regulation applies as of 13 February 2021.

--- Page 75 ---
Regulatory Information 
 
75 
 
The sustainability of LIBOR has been questioned as a result of the absence of relevant active underlying markets and 
possible disincentives (including possibly as a result of benchmark reforms) for market participants to continue contributing  
to such benchmarks. On 27 July 2017, and in a subsequent speech by its Chief Executive on 12 July 2018, the UK Financial 
Conduct Authority (FCA) confirmed that it w ill no longer persuade or compel banks to submit rates for the calculation of 
the LIBOR benchmark after 2021 (the FCA Announcements). The FCA Announcements indicated that the continuation of 
LIBOR on the current basis cannot and w ill not be guaranteed after 2021. On 5 March 2021, the FCA has confirmed that 
all LIBOR settings w ill either cease to be provided by any administrator or no longer be representative. 
 
immediately after 31 December 2021, in the case of all sterling, euro, Sw iss franc and Japanese yen settings, 
and the 1-w eek and 2-month U.S. dollar settings; and 
 
immediately after 30 June 2023, in the case of the remaining U.S. dollar settings. 
Investors should consult their ow n independent advisers and make their ow n assessment about the potential risks imposed 
by the EU Benchmark Regulation, or any of the international or national reforms in making any investment decision w ith 
respect to any Warrants linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
Financial Transactions Tax (FTT) 
A proposal of the European Commission (the Commission’s Proposal) published on 14 February 2013 for a common 
FTT in Belgium, Germany, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the participating 
Member States) could apply in certain circumstances to persons both w ithin and outside of the participating Member 
States and primarily to "financial institutions". As a financial institution, the Issuer is, in certain circumstances, able to pass 
on any such tax liabilities to holders of the Warrants and therefore this may result in investors receiving less than expected 
in respect of the Warrants. The FTT could also be payable in relation to relevant transactions by investors in respect of the 
Warrants (including secondary market transactions) if conditions for a charge to arise are satisfied. 
How ever, the Commission's Proposal remains subject to negotiation betw een the participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of w hich remains uncertain. Additional EU Member States may 
also decide to participate and/or participating Member States may decide to w ithdraw . 
Prospective holders of the Warrants are advised to seek their ow n professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act Withholding 
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (FATCA) may impose a 30% w ithholding tax on 
certain payments made to certain financial institutions and other entities that do not comply w ith the requirements under 
FATCA or to investors that fail to provide their broker or custodian w ith any information, forms, other documentation, or 
consents (FATCA Documentation) that may be necessary for the payments to be made free of FATCA w ithholding. 
Investors should choose the custodians or intermediaries w ith care (to ensure each is compliant w ith FATCA) and provide 
each custodian or intermediary w ith any FATCA Documentation that may be necessary to receive payments free of FATCA  
w ithholding. Investors should consult their ow n tax adviser to obtain a more detailed explanation of FATCA and how  FATCA  
may affect them. 
U.S. Withholding Tax under Section 871(m) 
Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and the U.S. Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder 
(Section 871(m)) generally impose a 30% w ithholding tax on dividend equivalent amounts paid or deemed paid to non-U.S. 
holders w ith respect to certain financial instruments linked to U.S. equities or indices that include U.S. equities. Section 
871(m) provides certain exceptions to this w ithholding regime, in particular for instruments linked to certain broad-based 
indices that meet requirements set forth in the applicable Treasury regulations (such an index, a Qualified Index). 
Additionally, IRS guidance excludes from the scope of Section 871(m) instruments issued prior to January 1, 2023 that are 
not "delta-one" instruments w ith respect to underlying securities that could pay U.S.-source dividends for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes (each an Underlying Security). If the Issuer has determined w ithholding under Section 871(m) 
applies, it w ill generally apply w ithholding at a 30% rate w ithout regard to any applicable treaty rate(s) or any investor’s

--- Page 76 ---
Regulatory Information 
 
76 
 
individual tax situation. There is also the risk that w ithholding pursuant to the Section 871(m) Regulations w ill be applied 
to Warrants that w ere not initially subject to such w ithholding tax, particularly in cases w here a Warrant is significantly 
modified after issuance to replicate the economic performance of one or more U.S. Underlying Securities. Investors should 
note that if the Issuer or any w ithholding agent determines that w ithholding is required, neither the Issuer nor the w ithholding 
agent w ill be required to gross up any amounts w ithheld in connection w ith a Specified Warrant. 
Investors should consult their tax adviser regarding the potential application of Section 871(m) Regulations to 
their investment in the Warrants. 
The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and the European M arket Infrastructure 
Regulation 
Passage of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (Dodd-Frank Act) in 2010 in the United 
States and of the European Regulation 648/2012, know n as the European Market Infrastructure Regulation (EMIR) w hich 
entered into force on 16 August 2012 and took direct effect in the Member States of the European Union, has led to 
significant structural reforms affecting the financial services industry. The Dodd-Frank Act also contains prohibitions, 
commonly called, together w ith the implementing regulations, the Volcker Rule, w hich regulate the ability of banking 
entities to engage as principal in proprietary trading activities and sponsoring or investing in hedge, private equity or similar 
funds. Even though some modifications to the Volcker Rule implementing regulations took effect throughout 2020, the 
Volcker Rule continues to operate as a constraint on these activities. 
Both Title VII (Title VII) of the Dodd-Frank Act and EMIR establish comprehensive regulatory regimes for a broad range of 
derivatives contracts including sw aps, security-based sw aps and mixed sw aps (collectively referred to in this risk factor as 
Covered Swaps). 
In particular, under Title VII of the Dodd-Frank Act and under EMIR, sw aps entered into by any Issuer may be required to 
be cleared through a central counterparty, executed on a trading venue, and subject to additional margin and capital, 
reporting and recordkeeping requirements that could result in additional regulatory burdens, costs and expenses (including 
extraordinary, non-recurring expenses of such Issuer). Such requirements may disrupt such Issuer’s ability to hedge their 
exposure to various transactions, and may materially and adversely impact a transaction’s value or the value of the 
Warrants. Certain aspects of the Dodd-Frank Act and of EMIR remains to be clarified and the scope of their possible 
implications for investors in the Warrants cannot currently be predicted. In particular, the Securities and Exchange 
Commission (SEC) regulations governing security-based sw aps w ill not be effective until November 1, 2021. As such, 
investors should consult their ow n independent advisers and make their ow n assessment about the potential risks posed 
by the Dodd-Frank Act and EMIR, in making any investment decision in respect of the Warrants. 
In addition, the Dodd-Frank Act, amending the CEA, expanded the definition of a "commodity pool" to include any form of 
enterprise operated for the purpose of trading in commodity interests, including sw aps. Each Issuer has imposed certain 
restrictions on sales in order to fall outside the scope of the CEA. In addition, if any Issuer w ere deemed to be a "commodit y 
pool", it w ould be required to register as such w ith the CFTC and the National Futures Association and w ould have to 
comply w ith a number of reporting requirements that are designed to apply to traded commodity pools. It is presently 
unclear how  such Issuer could comply w ith certain of these reporting requirements on an ongoing basis. Such registration 
and other requirements w ould involve material ongoing costs to such Issuer, thereby materially and adversely impacting a 
Warrant’s value. 
Furthermore, potential inconsistency betw een the Dodd-Frank Act, EMIR and other regulations issued by different regimes 
could lead to market fragmentation. 
Investment Company Act 
SG Issuer has not registered w ith the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) as an investment 
company pursuant to the Investment Company Act. Investors in the Warrants w ill not have the protections of the Investment 
Company Act. 
If the SEC or a court of competent jurisdiction w ere to find that the relevant Issuer is required, but in violation of the 
Investment Company Act, has failed, to register as an investment company, possible consequences include, but are not

--- Page 77 ---
Regulatory Information 
 
77 
 
limited to, the follow ing: (i) the SEC could apply to a district court to enjoin the violation; (ii) investors in the relevant Issuer 
could sue such Issuer and recover any damages caused by the violation; and (iii) any contract to w hich the relevant Issuer 
is party that is made in, or w hose performance involves, a violation of the Investment Company Act w ould be unenforceable 
by any party to the contract unless a court w ere to find that under the circumstances enforcement w ould produce a more 
equitable result than non-enforcement and w ould not be inconsistent w ith the purposes of the Investment Company Act. 
Should the relevant Issuer be subjected to any or all of the foregoing, such Issuer w ould be materially and adversely 
affected. 
Fundamental Review of the Trading Book regulation 
For (A) an Index or SGI Index in respect of w hich the Index Components comprise, w ithout limitation, one or more Equity 
Instruments that is a Fund Unit or an Underlying Index composed of Funds, ETF Share or an Underlying Index composed 
of ETF, (B) a Fund or (C) ETP or ETF, if from 1 January 2023, the related Fund, Fund Provider of the underlying Fund, 
ETF or ETF Service Provider of the underlying ETF, ETP or ETP Issuer of the underlying ETP, as the case may be, does 
not make publicly available information or does not provide information (either spontaneously or as required pursuant to 
law s and regulations or contractual arrangements) enabling Societe Generale or its affiliates to calculate its market risks 
as holder of Fund Units, ETF or ETP, as the case may be, to hedge the obligations of the Issuer under the Warrants, as if 
it w ere holding directly the assets of the underlying Fund, ETF or ETP, as the case may be (the FRTB Information), Societe 
Generale or its affiliates may be subject to significantly higher capital requirements under the Fundamental Review  of the 
Trading Book as implemented into French law .

--- Page 78 ---
Important Information Relating to Non-Exempt Offers of Warrants 
 
78 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO NON-EXEMPT OFFERS OF WARRANTS 
 
Certain Tranches of Warrants may be offered in circumstances where there is no exemption from the 
obligation under the Prospectus Regulation to publish a prospectus. Any such offer is referred to below 
as a Non-exempt Offer. 
If, in the context of a Non-exempt Offer, you are offered Warrants by any entity, you should check that 
such entity has been given consent to use this Base Prospectus for the purposes of making its offer 
before agreeing to purchase any Warrants. The following entities have consent to use this Base 
Prospectus in connection with a Non-exempt Offer: 
 
any entity named as a Dealer in the applicable Final Terms; 
 
if the clause "Type of Consent" is stated as being "Individual Consent" in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
 
any financial intermediary specified in the applicable Final Terms as having been 
granted specific consent to use the Base Prospectus; or 
 
any 
financial 
intermediary 
named 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(http://prospectus.socgen.com) as an Authorised Offeror in respect of the Non-exempt 
Offer (if that financial intermediary has been appointed after the date of the applicable 
Final Terms); and 
 
if the clause "Type of Consent" is stated as being "General Consent" in the applicable Final 
Terms, any financial intermediary authorised to make such offers under MiFID II who has 
published the Acceptance Statement (as defined below) on its website. 
The consent referred to above only relates to Offer Periods (if any) occurring within 12 months from the 
date of this Base Prospectus. 
The entities listed above have been given consent to use the Base Prospectus only during the Offer 
Period specified in the applicable Final Terms and only in the Non-exempt Jurisdictions. 
For Non-exempt Offers which will close after the validity of this Base Prospectus, investors should refer 
to the succeeding base prospectus which will be available on http://prospectus.socgen.com and the 
section Ongoing Non-exempt Offers. 
Other than as set out above, the Issuer has not authorised the making of any Non-exempt Offer by any 
person and the Issuer has not consented to the use of this Base Prospectus by any other person in 
connection with any Non-exempt Offer of Warrants.  
1. 
CONSENT GIVEN IN ACCORDANCE WITH ARTICLE 5(1) OF THE PROSPECTUS REGULATION 
In the context of any offer of Warrants that is not w ithin an exemption from the requirement to publish a prospectus under 
the Prospectus Regulation (a Non-exempt Offer), each of the Issuer and the Guarantor accepts responsibility, in each 
Relevant State (as defined below ) for w hich it has given its consent (each a Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction) as specified 
below , for the content of the Base Prospectus under Article 11 of the Prospectus Regulation in relation to any person (an 
Investor) to w hom any offer of Warrants is made by any financial intermediary to w hom it has given its consent to use the 
Base Prospectus (an Authorised Offeror), w here the offer is made during the period for w hich that consent is given in a 
Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction for w hich that consent w as given and is in compliance w ith all other conditions attached to 
the giving of the consent. The consent and conditions attached to it are set out under "Type of Consent" and "Conditions 
to Consent" below .

--- Page 79 ---
Important Information Relating to Non-Exempt Offers of Warrants 
 
79 
 
None of the Issuers, the Guarantor or any relevant Dealer makes any representation as to the compliance by an Authorised 
Offeror w ith any applicable conduct of business rules or other applicable regulatory or securities law  requirements in 
relation to any Non-exempt Offer and none of the Issuers, the Guarantor or any relevant Dealer has any responsibility or 
liability for the actions of that Authorised Offeror. 
How ever, neither the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor nor the relevant Dealer has any responsibility for any of the actions of 
any Authorised Offeror, including the non-compliance by an Authorised Offeror w ith applicable conduct of business rules 
or other local regulatory requirements or other securities law  requirements in relation to such offer. Neither the relevant 
Issuer, the Guarantor nor the relevant Dealer authorises the use of the Base Prospectus in the case of a Non-exempt Offer 
of Warrants in a Member State of the EEA (each, a Relevant State) other than a Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction or in a 
Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction but made by a financial intermediary to w hich the relevant Issuer has not given its consent. 
Such unauthorised Non-exempt Offers are not made by or on behalf the relevant Issuer the Guarantor or the relevant 
Dealer and neither the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor nor the relevant Dealer accepts any responsibility for the actions of 
any person making such offers and the related consequences. 
Save as provided above, neither the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor nor the relevant Dealer authorises that any Non-exempt 
Offers of Warrants may be made in circumstances w hich w ould require a relevant Issuer to publish a prospectus or a 
Supplement to the Base Prospectus. 
If, in the context of a Non-exempt Offer, a prospective investor is offered Warrants by a person w hich is not an Authorised 
Offeror, such prospective investor should check w ith that person w hether anyone is responsible for this Base Prospectus 
for the purposes of the relevant Non-exempt Offer and, if so, w ho that person is. If the prospective investor is in any doubt 
about w hether it can rely on this Base Prospectus and/or w ho is responsible for its contents it should take legal advice. 
2. 
TYPE OF CONSENT 
Subject to the conditions set out below  under "Conditions to Consent" and if it is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
relating to any Tranche of Warrants, the Issuer consents to the use of the Base Prospectus in relation to a Non-exempt 
Offer of such Warrants during the offer period specified in the applicable Final Terms (the Offer Period). 
The consent given by the Issuer may be an individual consent (an Individual Consent) and/or a general consent (a 
General Consent), each as further described below  and as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
2.1 
Individual Consent 
If the clause "Type of Consent" is stated as being "Individual Consent" in the applicable Final Terms, it means that the 
Issuer consents to the use of the Base Prospectus in relation to a Non-exempt Offer of such Warrants by the relevant 
Dealer and by: 
(i) 
any financial intermediary (other than a Dealer) acting in association w ith the Issuer named Initial Authorised 
Offeror, w hose name and address are specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
any financial intermediary acting in association w ith the Issuer, appointed after the date of the applicable Final 
Terms, and named Additional Authorised Offeror, w hose name and address w ill be published on the relevant 
w ebsite(s) of the Issuer (http://prospectus.socgen.com). 
2.2 
General Consent 
If the clause "Type of Consent" is stated as being "General Consent" in the applicable Final Terms, it means that the Issuer 
consents to the use of the Base Prospectus in relation to a Non-exempt Offer of Warrants to any financial intermediary 
acting independently from the Issuer named General Authorised Offeror which: 
(i) 
holds all necessary licences, consents, approvals and permissions required by any law s, rules, regulations and 
guidance (including from any regulatory body), applicable to the Non-exempt Offer of the Warrants to be

--- Page 80 ---
Important Information Relating to Non-Exempt Offers of Warrants 
 
80 
 
authorised to do such offer under the applicable law s of the Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction, in particular the law  
implementing MiFID II; and 
(ii) 
publishes on its w ebsite a statement that it makes such Non-exempt Offer of Warrants based on the General 
Consent given by the Issuer for the use of the Base Prospectus (the Acceptance Statement): 
"We, [insert legal name of financial intermediary], refer to the offer of [insert title of relevant Warrants] (the Warrants) 
described in the Final Terms dated [insert date] (the Final Terms) published by [Societe Generale/SG Issuer/SG Effekten 
GmbH] (the Issuer) [and Societe Generale (the Guarantor)]. We hereby accept the offer by the Issuer [and the Guarantor] 
of its consent to our use of the Base Prospectus (as defined in the Final Terms) in connection with the offer of the [insert 
title of the relevant Warrants] in accordance with the terms and subject to the conditions to such consent, each as specified 
in the Base Prospectus, and confirm that we are using the Base Prospectus accordingly." 
Through this publication on its w ebsite, the General Authorised Offeror commits itself to respect the follow ing conditions: 
(a) 
it acts in accordance w ith all applicable law s, rules, regulations and guidance (including from any regulatory body 
applicable to the Non-exempt Offer of the Warrants in the Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction, in particular the law  
implementing MiFID II (hereinafter the Rules) and makes sure that (i) any investment advice in the Warrants by 
any person is appropriate, (ii) the information to prospective investors including the information relating to any 
expenses (and any commissions or benefits of any kind) received or paid by this General Authorised Offeror 
under the offer of the Warrants is fully and clearly disclosed prior to their investment in the Warrants; 
(b) 
it complies w ith the restrictions set out under "Subscription, Sale and Transfer Restrictions" in the Base 
Prospectus related to the Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction as if it acted as a Dealer in the Non-exempt Offer 
Jurisdiction and considers the relevant manufacturer's target market assessment and distribution channels 
identified under the "MiFID II product governance" legend set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
(c) 
ensure that the existence of any fee (and any other commissions or benefits of any kind) or rebate received or 
paid by the relevant financial intermediary in relation to the offer or sale of the Warrants does not violate the Rules, 
is fully and clearly disclosed to Warrantholders or prospective investors prior to their investment in the Warrants 
and to the extent required by the Rules, provides further information in respect thereof ; 
(d) 
it complies w ith the Rules relating to anti-money laundering, anti-corruption, anti-bribery and "know  your customer" 
rules (including, w ithout limitation, taking appropriate steps, in compliance w ith such rules, to establish and 
document the identity of each prospective investor prior to initial investment in any Warrants by the Investor), and 
w ill not permit any application for Warrants in circumstances w here the financial intermediary has any suspicions 
as to the source of the application monies; it retains investor identification records for at least the minimum period 
required under applicable Rules, and shall, if so requested, make such records available to the relevant Issuer 
and/or the relevant Dealer or directly to the competent authorities w ith jurisdiction over the relevant Issuer and/or 
the relevant Dealer in order to enable the relevant Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer to comply w ith anti-money 
laundering, anti-corruption, anti-bribery and "know  your customer" rules applying to the relevant Issuer and/or the 
relevant Dealer, as the case may be; 
(e) 
co-operate w ith the Issuer and the relevant Dealer in providing relevant information (including, w ithout limitation, 
documents and records maintained pursuant to paragraph (d) above) and such further assistance as reasonably 
requested upon w ritten request from the Issuer or the relevant Dealer in each case, as soon as is reasonably 
practicable and, in any event, w ithin any time frame set by any such regulator or regulatory process. For this 
purpose, relevant information that is available to or can be acquired by the relevant financial intermediary: 
(i) 
in connection w ith any request or investigation by any regulator in relation to the Warrants, the Issuer or 
the relevant Dealer; and/or 
(ii) 
in connection w ith any complaints received by the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer relating to the Issuer 
and/or the relevant Dealer or another Authorised Offeror including, w ithout limitation, complaints as 
defined in rules published by any regulator of competent jurisdiction from time to time; and/or

--- Page 81 ---
Important Information Relating to Non-Exempt Offers of Warrants 
 
81 
 
(iii) 
w hich the Issuer or the relevant Dealer may reasonably require from time to time in relation to the 
Warrants and/or as to allow  the Issuer or the relevant Dealer fully to comply w ith its ow n legal, tax and 
regulatory requirements; 
(f) 
it does not, directly or indirectly, cause the Issuer or the relevant Dealers to breach any Rule or any requirement 
to obtain or make any filing, authorisation or consent in any jurisdiction; 
(g) 
it meets any other condition specified under the clause "General Consent/Other conditions to consent" in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
(h) 
it commits itself to indemnify the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and the relevant Dealer, Societe 
Generale and each of its affiliates for any damage, loss, expense, claim, request or loss and fees (including 
reasonable fees from law  firms) incurred by one of these entities because of, or in relation w ith, any failure by this 
General Authorised Offeror (or any of its sub-distributors) to respect any of these obligations above; 
(i) 
it has know ledge of, and is committed to complying w ith the law s and regulations relating to anti-bribery, corruption 
and Influence Peddling, including any changes thereto, applicable to its activities; 
(j) 
neither it nor, to the best of its know ledge, any of the persons w hom it controls (including its directors, officers or 
employees, each a “Controlled Person”), nor any sub-distributor or intermediary it has mandated for the 
purposes of its activities, has committed or w ill commit any Corrupt Act or Influence Peddling directly or indirectly, 
in each case to or for the use or benefit of, any person or any government official (w hich shall include any official, 
employee or representative of, or any other person acting in an official capacity for or on behalf of any government 
of any jurisdiction, any public international organisation, any political party, or any quasi-governmental body). 
Where: 
“Corrupt Act” shall mean the deliberate act (i) of giving, offering or promising directly or indirectly through others such as 
third party intermediaries, or (ii) soliciting or accepting, directly or indirectly through others such as third party 
intermediaries, any offer, donation, gift, invitation, rew ard or anything of value to any person (including any Public Official), 
for themselves or for a third party, that w ould or could be perceived either as an inducement to commit an act of corruption 
or as a deliberate act of corruption, in each case w ith a view  to inducing any person (including a Public Official) to perfor m 
their functions improperly or dishonestly and/or getting any undue benefit. 
“Influence Peddling” shall mean the deliberate act of (i) giving, offering or promising to any person (including any Public 
Official), or (ii) yielding to any person (including any Public Official) w ho solicits, at any time, directly or indirectly, any offer, 
donation, gift, invitation, rew ard, or anything of value, for themselves or for others, in each case to abuse or for having 
abused their real or supposed influence w ith a view  to obtaining from a Public Official any favourable decision or undue 
benefit. 
“Public Official” shall mean elected officials, dignitaries, candidates for public office, members of royal families, 
magistrates, officials or employees, regardless of their grade, or any person belonging to or acting on behalf of (i) a 
government (foreign, national or local) including any department, agency, regulator or one if their bodies or 
instrumentalities, (ii) a government department or public authority (including but not limited to customs or tax authorities, 
embassies and all bodies issuing permits, (iii) a local or regional public service, (iv) a State-ow ned or controlled enterprise 
(public hospitals, universities, sovereign investment funds or any other state-sponsored entity), (v) a political party, or (vi) 
an international court or public organisation (e.g. the UN); 
(a) 
it has put in place appropriate rules and procedures, in a form and manner mandated by law  and/or appropriate 
for a business of its size and resources, aiming at (i) preventing any Corrupt Act and Influence Peddling from 
being committed by itself, its Controlled Persons and – if any – its sub-distributor or other intermediaries it has 
mandated for the purpose of its activities and (ii) ensuring that any evidence or suspicion of a Corrupt Act or 
Influence Peddling is investigated and handled w ith the appropriate diligence. Any Corrupt Act or Influence 
Peddling related to its Activities shall be promptly reported to Societe Generale or the relevant Issuer to the extent 
permitted by applicable law  and acted upon accordingly;

--- Page 82 ---
Important Information Relating to Non-Exempt Offers of Warrants 
 
82 
 
(b) 
neither it nor any of its agents, sub-distributors or Controlled Persons is ineligible or treated by any governmental 
or international authority as ineligible to tender for any contract or business w ith, or to be aw arded any contract 
or business by, such authority on the basis of any actual or alleged Corrupt Act or Influence Peddling; 
(c) 
It has kept reasonably detailed books, records and accounts in respect of its activities,in a form and manner 
appropriate for a business of its size and resources; 
(d) 
it represents and w arrants that it shall not distribute financial instruments to, or enter into any arrangement w ith 
respect to financial instruments w ith, Sanctioned Persons. It shall implement and maintain appropriate safeguards 
designed to prevent any action that w ould be contrary to this section; 
Where: 
“Sanctioned Person” means any individual or entity that is a designated target of Sanctions or is otherw ise subject of 
Sanctions, including w ithout limitation, as a result of being (a) ow ned or controlled directly or indirectly by any person/entity 
or persons/entities w hich is or are a designated target of Sanctions, or (b) organized under the law s of, or a resident of, 
any country or territory that is subject to comprehensive or country-w ide Sanctions; 
“Sanctions” means any economic or financial sanctions, trade embargoes or similar measures enacted, administered or 
enforced by any of the follow ing (or by any agency of any of the follow ing): 
(a) 
the United Nations; 
(b) 
the United States of America; 
(c) 
the United Kingdom; or 
(d) 
the European Union or any present or future member state thereof; 
(e) 
it undertakes to promptly inform Societe Generale or the relevant Issuer of (a) any complaint received in relation 
to its activities or the financial instruments; or (b) any event affecting it, including but not limited to any of: (i) a 
regulatory investigation or audit of it or its affiliates, partners or agents; (ii) legal proceedings initiated by a 
competent regulatory authority against it or its affiliates, partners or agents; or (iii) a judgment rendered or penalty 
levied against it or its affiliates, partners or agents, w hich in each case might reasonably involve a reputational 
risk for Societe Generale or the relevant Issuer; and 
(f) 
it acknow ledges that its commitment to respect the obligations above is governed by English law  if the applicable 
Warrants are English Law  Warrants, or French law  if the applicable Warrants are French Law  Warrants and 
agrees that any related dispute is brought before the courts of England if the applicable Warrants are English Law  
Warrants or the courts of Paris (tribunaux de Paris, France), if the applicable Warrants are French Law  Warrants.  
Any General Authorised Offeror who wishes to use the Base Prospectus for a Non-exempt Offer of Warrants in 
accordance with this General Consent and the related conditions is required, during the time of the relevant Offer 
Period, to publish on its website the Acceptance Statement. 
3. 
CONDITIONS TO CONSENT 
The consent by the Issuer to the use of the Base Prospectus in the context of the relevant Non-exempt Offer are (in addition 
to the conditions described in paragraph "Type of Consent" above if the clause "Type of Consent" is stated as being 
"General Consent" in the applicable Final Terms) that such consent: 
(a) 
is only valid during the Offer Period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(b) 
only extends to the use of this Base Prospectus to make Non-exempt Offers of the relevant Tranche of Warrants 
in Belgium, Bulgaria, Croatia, Czech Republic, Denmark, Finland, France, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy,

--- Page 83 ---
Important Information Relating to Non-Exempt Offers of Warrants 
 
83 
 
Luxembourg, Norw ay, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Slovak Republic, Slovenia, Spain, Sw eden and The 
Netherlands, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The only Relevant States for w hich each of the Issuer and the Guarantor has given a consent for the making of Non-exempt 
Offers and w hich may be so specified in the applicable Final Terms as indicated in the paragraph 1.2(ii)(b) as Non-exempt 
Offer Jurisdictions w ill be Belgium, Bulgaria, Croatia, Czech Republic, Denmark, Finland, France, Greece, Hungary, 
Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg, Norw ay, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Slovak Republic, Slovenia, Spain, Sw eden and The 
Netherlands. 
4. 
ARRANGEM ENTS BETWEEN INVESTORS AND AUTHORISED OFFERORS 
A prospective investor intending to acquire or acquiring any Warrants from an Authorised Offeror w ill do so, and offers and 
sales of the Warrants to an Investor by an Authorised Offeror w ill be made, in accordance w ith any terms and other 
arrangements in place betw een such Authorised Offeror and such Investor including as to price, allocation and settlement 
arrangements (the Terms and Conditions of the Non-exempt Offer). The relevant Issuer and the Guarantor w ill not be 
a party to any such arrangements w ith Investors (other than the Dealer) in connection w ith the offer or sale of the relevant 
Warrants and, accordingly, the Base Prospectus and the applicable Final Terms w ill not contain such information. 
The information relating to the Terms and Conditions of the Non-exempt Offer shall be provided to the Investors 
by the Authorised Offeror at the time such Non-exempt Offer is made. None of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor 
or any Dealer (except where such Dealer is the relevant Authorised Offeror) has any responsibility or liability to 
an Investor in respect of such information.

--- Page 84 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
84 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
1. 
LIST OF THE DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The follow ing documents, w hich have previously been published or are published simultaneously w ith this Base 
Prospectus and have been filed w ith the CSSF, shall be incorporated by reference into, and form part of, this 
Base Prospectus. 
(a) 
The previous Base Prospectuses (i.e. their general terms and conditions, form of final terms and their 
additional terms and conditions) means collectively the 2013 Base Prospectus, the 2015 Base 
Prospectus, the 2016 Base Prospectus, the July 2018 Base Prospectus, the July 2019 Base Prospectus 
and the June 2020 Base Prospectus, as supplemented (the Previous Base Prospectuses). The 
supplements to the Previous Base Prospectuses w hich are incorporated by reference are listed in 
section 2.4 below ; and 
(b) 
The documents mentioned in section 1.1, 1.2 and 1.3 below  
The cross reference table in relation to the Previous Base Prospectuses appears in paragraph 2.4. To the extent 
that each of the Previous Base Prospectuses incorporates itself documents by reference, such documents shall 
not be deemed incorporated by reference herein. Where the Form of Final Terms that appears in a Previous Base 
Prospectus is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, the introduction paragraph of such previous 
Form of Final Terms is no longer valid and the introduction paragraph of the Form of Final Terms as set out in 
this Base Prospectus must be used. 
The documents incorporated by reference in paragraph 1.1 below  are direct and accurate translations into English 
of the original version of such documents issued in French. Societe Generale as Issuer accepts responsibility for 
such translations. 
Copies of the documents incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus can be obtained from the office of 
Societe Generale and the specified office of each of the Paying Agents, in each case at the address given at the 
end of this Base Prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference hereinto are available on the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange w ebsite (w ww.bourse.lu). 
1.1 
Documents incorporated by reference relating to Societe Generale 
To the extent that each of the documents incorporated by reference relating to Societe Generale incorporates 
itself documents by reference, such documents shall not be deemed incorporated by reference herein. Any 
reference to documents incorporated by reference relating to Societe Generale shall be deemed to exclude the 
parts referred to in (i), (ii) and (iii) in paragraphs 1.1.1 to 1.1.3 below . 
1.1.1 
2020 Universal Registration Document 
The expression "2020 Universal Registration Document" means the English version of the Document 
d’enregistrement universel 2020 of Societe Generale, the French version of w hich w as filed w ith the AMF on 12 
March 2020 under no. D.20-0122, except for (i) the cover page containing the AMF textbox, (ii) the statement of 
the person responsible for the universal registration document and the annual financial report made by Mr. 
Frédéric Oudéa, Chief Executive Officer of Societe Generale, page 568 and (iii) the cross reference tables, pages 
569 to 572. 
The 
2020 
Universal 
Registration 
Document 
is 
available 
on 
the 
Societe 
Generale 
w ebsite 
(https://w ww.societegenerale.com/sites/default/files/documents/Document-d-enregistrement-universel/2020/sg_
urd_eng_2020.pdf).

--- Page 85 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
85 
 
The cross reference table in relation to the 2020 Universal Registration Document appears in the paragraph 2.1.1 
below . 
1.1.2 
2021 Universal Registration Document 
The expression "2021 Universal Registration Document" means the English version of the Document 
d’enregistrement universel 2021 of Societe Generale, the French version of w hich w as filed w ith the AMF on 17 
March 2021 under no. D. 21-0138, except for (i) the cover page containing the AMF textbox, (ii) the statement of 
the person responsible for the universal registration document and the annual financial report made by Mr. 
Frédéric Oudéa, Chief Executive Officer of Societe Generale, page 628 and (iii) the cross reference tables, pages  
629 to 632. 
The cross reference table in relation to the 2021 Universal Registration Document appears in the paragraph 2.1.2 
below . 
The 
2021 
Universal 
Registration 
Document 
is 
available 
on 
the 
Societe 
Generale 
w ebsite 
(https://w ww.societegenerale.com/sites/default/files/documents/2021-03/2021%20Universal%20Registration%2
0Document.pdf). 
1.1.3 
First Amendment to the 2021 Universal Registration Document 
The expression "First Amendment to the 2021 Universal Registration Document" means the English version 
of the Premier amendement du Document d’enregistrement universel 2021 of Societe Generale, the French 
version of w hich w as filed w ith the AMF on 7 May 2021 under no. D.21-0138-A01, except for (i) the cover page 
containing the AMF textbox, (ii) the statement of the person responsible for the first amendment to the universal 
registration document made by Mr. Frédéric Oudéa, Chief Executive Officer of Societe Generale, page 38 and 
(iii) the cross reference tables, pages 40 to 42. 
The cross-reference table in relation to the First Amendment to the 2021 Universal Registration Document 
appears in the paragraph 2.1.3 below . 
The First Amendment to the 2021 Universal Registration Document is available on the Societe Generale w ebsite 
(https://w ww.societegenerale.com/sites/default/files/documents/2021-05/First-update-of-the-URD-2021-D.21-01
38-A01.pdf ). 
1.2 
Documents incorporated by reference relating to SG Issuer 
To the extent that each of the documents incorporated by reference relating to SG Issuer incorporates itself  
documents by reference, such documents shall not be deemed incorporated by reference herein. 
1.2.1 
2019 Annual Financial Statements 
The expression "2019 Annual Financial Statements" means the English version of the audited annual financial 
statements of SG Issuer for the period from 1 January 2019 to 31 December 2019 prepared in accordance w ith 
international financial reporting standards (IFRS), the related appendix and notes and the statutory auditor’s report 
for the year. 
The 
2019 
Annual 
Financial 
Statements 
are 
available 
on 
prospectus.socgen 
w ebsite 
(https://prospectus.socgen.com/issuerdoc_search/2019-sg-issuer-annual-financial-statements). 
The cross reference table in relation to the 2019 Annual Financial Statements appears in paragraph 2.2.1 below . 
1.2.2 
2020 Annual Financial Statements 
The expression "2020 Annual Financial Statements" means the English version of the audited annual financial 
statements of SG Issuer for the period from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2020 prepared in accordance w ith

--- Page 86 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
86 
 
international financial reporting standards (IFRS), the related appendix and notes and the statutory auditor's report 
for the year. 
The 
2020 
Annual 
Financial 
Statements 
are 
available 
on 
prospectus.socgen 
w ebsite 
(https://prospectus.socgen.com/issuerdoc_search/2020%20-%20SG%20ISSUER%20Annual%20Financial%20
Statements). 
The cross reference table in relation to the 2020 Annual Financial Statements appears in paragraph 2.2.2 below . 
1.3 
Documents incorporated by reference relating to Societe Generale Effekten GmbH 
To the extent that each of the documents incorporated by reference relating to Societe Generale Effekten GmbH 
incorporates itself documents by reference, such documents shall not be deemed incorporated by reference 
herein. 
1.3.1 
2019 Annual Financial Statements Societe General e Effekten GmbH 
The expression "2019 Annual Financial Statements Societe Generale Effekten GmbH" means the English 
language version of the audited consolidated financial statements of Societe Generale Effekten GmbH for the 
financial year from 1 January 2019 to 31 December 2019 prepared in accordance w ith international financial 
reporting standards (IFRS), the related appendix and notes and the statutory auditor's report for the year. 
The cross reference table in relation to the 2019 Annual Financial Statements Societe Generale Effekten GmbH 
appears in paragraph 2.3.1 below . 
The 2019 Annual Financial Statements Societe Generale Effekten GmbH are available on prospectus.socgen 
w ebsite (https://sg-zertifikate.de/SiteContent/1/1/2/924/84/Konzernabschluss_2019_EN.pdf ). 
1.3.2 
2020 Annual Financial Statements Societe Generale Effekten GmbH 
The expression "2020 Annual Financial Statements Societe Generale Effekten GmbH" means the English 
language version of the audited consolidated financial statements of Societe Generale Effekten GmbH for the 
financial year from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2020 prepared in accordance w ith international financial 
reporting standards (IFRS), the related appendix and notes and the statutory auditor's report for the year. 
The cross reference table in relation to the 2020 Annual Financial Statements Societe Generale Effekten GmbH 
appears in paragraph 2.3.2 below . 
The 2020 Annual Financial Statements Societe Generale Effekten GmbH are available on prospectus.socgen 
w ebsite 
(https://sg-
zertifikate.de/SiteContent/1/1/2/924/84/Group_Management_Report_and_Consolidated_Financial_Statements_
for_the_financial_year_from_January_1_to_December_31_2020.pdf)). 
2. 
CROSS REFERENCE TABLES OF THE DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
Any information contained in a document incorporated by reference that is not included in the cross-reference list 
is either deemed not relevant for the investor or is covered elsew here in this Base Prospectus 
References to pages appearing in each of the cross-reference tables are to those of each document incorporated 
by reference. 
2.1 
Cross reference tables relating to Societe Generale 
2.1.1 
2020 Universal Registration Document

--- Page 87 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
87 
 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980 
2020 Universal 
Registration Document 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING THE ASSETS AND LIABILITIES, 
FINANCIAL POSITION AND PROFITS AND LOSSES OF THE ISSUER 
 
Historical financial information 
135 ; 147 ; 157-163 ; 
172-173 ; 181 ; 
183-186 ; 199-211 ; 214 - 
219 ; 
231-236 ; 310-473 ; 474- 
540 
Financial statements 
310-535 
Consolidated Balance sheet 
310-311 
Consolidated income statement 
312 
accounting policies and explanatory notes on the consolidated financial 
statements 
316-468 
cash flow  statement 
315 
changes in equity 
417-419 
Parent Company Balance sheet 
481-482 
Parent Company income statement 
482 
accounting policies and explanatory notes on the annual financial statements 
483-535 
Auditing of the historical annual financial information 
469-473 ; 536-540 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
247 ; 466-468 ; 533-535 
Significant changes in the Issuer's financial position 
63-64 
2.1.2 
2021 Universal Registration Document 
 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980 
2021 Universal 
Registration Document 
RISK FACTORS 
152-162 
INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER 
 
History and development of the company 
7-8 
Legal and commercial name of the Issuer 
607 
Place of registration, registration number and legal entity identifier (LEI) of the Issuer 
607 
Date of incorporation and the length of life of the Issuer 
607 
Domicile and legal form of the Issuer, applicable legislation, country of incorporation, 
address and telephone number of its registered office and w ebsite 
607 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
 
Principal activities 
8-10; 47-52 
Principal markets 
8-13; 16-26; 28-29; 
466-470 
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE 
 
Summary description of the Group and the Issuer's position w ithin it 
8-10; 28-29 
TREND INFORMATION 
59; 14-15 
ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BODIES AND SENIOR 
MANAGEMENT

--- Page 88 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
88 
 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980 
2021 Universal 
Registration Document 
Board of Directors and senior management 
64-97 
Administrative bodies and senior management's conflicts of interest 
146 
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS 
 
Control of the Issuer 
603-604;606 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING THE ASSETS AND LIABILITIES, 
FINANCIAL POSITION AND PROFITS AND LOSSES OF THE ISSUER 
 
Historical financial information 
138; 168-171; 179-180; 
190; 
192-196; 204-205; 
208-218; 224-234; 
243-247; 352-522; 529-592 
Financial statements 
352-593 
Consolidated Balance sheet 
352-353 
Consolidated income statement 
354 
Accounting policies and explanatory notes on the consolidated financial statements 
359-519 
Cash flow  statement 
357 
Changes in shareholders’ equity 
356 
Parent Company Balance sheet 
536 
Parent Company income statement 
537 
Accounting policies and explanatory notes on the annual financial statements 
538-592 
Auditing of the historical annual financial information 
523-528; 593-598 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
259; 519-522; 590-592 
Significant changes in the Issuer's financial position 
59 
MATERIAL CONTRACTS 
59 
2.1.3 
First Amendment to the 2021 Universal Registration Document 
 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980 
First Amendment to the 
2021 Universal 
Registration Document 
RISK FACTORS 
30-32 
INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER 
 
Legal and commercial name of the Issuer 
1 
Domicile and legal form of the Issuer, applicable legislation, country of incorporation, 
address and telephone number of its registered office and w ebsite 
 
1 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
 
Principal markets 
5-28 
TREND INFORMATION 
3-28 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING THE ASSETS AND LIABILITIES, 
FINANCIAL POSITION AND PROFITS AND LOSSES OF THE ISSUER 
 
Historical financial information 
5-28 
Financial statements 
5-28 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
36-37

--- Page 89 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
89 
 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980 
First Amendment to the 
2021 Universal 
Registration Document 
Significant changes in the Issuer's financial position 
3-28 
2.2 
Cross reference tables relating to SG Issuer 
2.2.1 
2019 Annual Financial Statements 
 
Statement of comprehensive income 
19 
Statement of financial position 
18 
Statement of changes in equity 
20 
Statement of cash-flow s 
21 
Notes to the financial statements (including accounting principles) 
22-61 
Report of the Réviseur d’Entreprises agréé 
13-17 
2.2.2 
2020 Annual Financial Statements 
 
Statement of comprehensive income 
17 
Statement of financial position 
16 
Statement of changes in equity 
18 
Statement of cash-flow s 
19 
Notes to the financial statements (including accounting principles) 
20-56 
Report of the Réviseur d’Entreprises agréé 
12-15 
2.3 
Cross reference tables relating to Societe Generale Effekten GmbH 
2.3.1 
2019 Annual Financial Statements Societe Generale Effekten GmbH 
 
 
Pages numbers refer 
to the page numbers 
of the pdf document 
Consolidated income statement  
32 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income 
33 
Consolidated statement of financial position 
34-35 
Consolidated statement of changes in equity 
36 
Consolidated statement of cash-flow s 
37-38 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements  
39-122 
Auditor`s report by the independent auditor 
123-129 
2.3.2 
2020 Annual Financial Statements Societe Generale Effekten GmbH 
 
 
Pages numbers refer 
to the page numbers 
of the pdf document 
Consolidated income statement  
32 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income 
33 
Consolidated statement of financial position 
34-35 
Consolidated statement of changes in equity 
36

--- Page 90 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
90 
 
Consolidated statement of cash-flow s 
37-38 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements  
39-121 
Auditor`s report by the independent auditor 
124-131 
2.4 
Cross reference tables relating to Previous Base Prospectuses 
The hyperlinks to the Previous Base Prospectus and to the supplements to the Previous Base Prospectuses appear in 
blue in the tables below . 
 
Previous Base Prospectuses 
Section 
Pages 
2013 Base Prospectus 
Base prospectus dated 24 July 2013 
Terms and conditions 
141-194 
 
Additional terms and conditions 
195-728 
Supplement dated 20 August 2013 
Additional terms and conditions 
5-6 
Supplement dated 16 October 2013 
Additional terms and conditions 
2 
Supplement dated 12 November 2013 
Additional terms and conditions 
2-4 
Supplement dated 3 December 2013 
Terms and conditions 
6-7 
 
Additional terms and conditions 
8-11 
Supplement dated 3 March 2014 
Terms and conditions 
5-7 
 
Additional terms and conditions 
7-20 
2015 Base Prospectus 
Base prospectus dated 31 July 2015 
Terms and conditions 
224-284 
 
Additional terms and conditions 
285-1033 
Supplement dated 21 September 
2015 
Additional terms and conditions 
4-5 
Supplement dated 27 October 2015 
Additional terms and conditions 
6-7 
Supplement dated 4 December 2015 
Additional terms and conditions 
5 
Additional terms and conditions 
5-6 
Supplement dated 14 January 2016 
Form of Final Terms 
2 
Supplemented dated 20 April 2016 
Additional terms and conditions 
8-9 
2016 Base Prospectus 
Base prospectus dated 20 July 2016 
Terms and conditions of the English Law  
Warrants 
215-279 
 
Terms and conditions of the French Law  
Warrants 
280-327 
 
Additional terms and conditions 
328-1089 
Supplement dated 30 August 2016 
Additional terms and conditions 
Form of Final Terms 
4-5 
4 
Supplement dated 21 October 2016 
Form of Final Terms 
5-6 
Supplement dated 9 December 2016 
Additional terms and conditions 
3-5 
Supplement dated 30 December 2016 
Form of Final Terms 
4 
July 2018 Base Prospectus 
Base Prospectus 
Form of Final Terms 
173-218

--- Page 91 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
91 
 
Previous Base Prospectuses 
Section 
Pages 
 
Terms and Conditions 
219-329 
 
Additional Terms and Conditions 
330-872 
Supplement dated 7 December 2018 
Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Structured Warrants and Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Share Linked 
Warrants and Depositary Receipts Linked 
Warrants 
15-16 
 
Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Commodity Linked Warrants 
16-17 
Supplement dated 8 March 2019 
Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Commodity Linked Warrants 
4-5 
 
Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Inflation Linked Warrants 
5 
July 2019 Base Prospectus 
Base Prospectus dated 1 July 2019 
 Form of Final Terms 
Terms and conditions of the English Law  
Warrants 
 
173-220 
221-284 
 
 
Terms and conditions of the French Law  
Warrants 
285-331 
 
Additional Terms and Conditions 
332-861 
Supplement dated 20 September 
2019 
General Terms and Conditions 
Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Index Linked Warrants 
Additional terms and Conditions for SGI 
Index Linked Warrants 
 
11 
11-13 
13-14 
 
Supplement dated 27 January 2020 
Form of Final Terms 
Terms and Conditions of the English Law  
Warrants 
Terms and Conditions of the French Law  
Warrants 
Additional Terms and Conditions relating 
to Formulae 
Additional Terms and Conditions relating 
to Secured Warrants 
Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Credit Linked Warrants 
15-16 
16-19 
19-21 
21-22 
22 
22-24 
June 2020 Base Prospectus 
Base Prospectus dated 29 June 2020 
 Form of Final Terms 
Terms and conditions of the English Law  
Warrants 
96-149 
150-215 
216-264

--- Page 92 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
92 
 
Previous Base Prospectuses 
Section 
Pages 
Terms and conditions of the French Law  
Warrants 
Additional Terms and Conditions 
265-758 
Supplement dated 2 September 2020 
Form of Final Terms 
Terms and Conditions of the English Law  
Warrants 
Terms and Conditions of the French Law  
Warrants 
 
8 
8 
8-9

--- Page 93 ---
Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus 
 
93 
 
FINAL TERMS OR DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUS 
In this section the expression "necessary information" means, in relation to any Tranche of Warrants, the information 
necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and 
losses and prospects of the Issuers and the Guarantor and of the rights attaching to the Warrants. In relation to the different 
types of Warrants w hich may be issued under the Programme, the Issuers and the Guarantor have endeavoured to include 
in this Base Prospectus all of the necessary information except for information relating to the Warrants w hich is not know n 
at the date of this Base Prospectus and w hich can only be determined at the time of an individual issuance of a Tranche 
of Warrants. 
Any information relating to the Warrants w hich is not included in this Base Prospectus and w hich is required in order to 
complete the necessary information in relation to a Tranche of Warrants w ill therefore be contained either in the applicable 
Final Terms or in a Draw dow n Prospectus. Such information w ill be contained in the applicable Final Terms unless any of 
such information constitutes a significant new  factor relating to the information contained in this Base Prospectus in w hich 
case such information, together w ith all of the other necessary information in relation to the relevant Issue of Warrants, w ill 
be contained in a Draw dow n Prospectus. 
For a Tranche of Warrants w hich is the subject of Final Terms, those Final Terms w ill, for the purposes of that Tranc he 
only, complete the Terms and Conditions of the Warrants and must be read in conjunction w ith this Base Prospectus. The 
terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Warrants w hich is the subject of Final Terms are the Terms 
and Conditions of the Warrants as completed to the extent described in the applicable Final Terms or Draw down 
Prospectus, as the case may be. The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Warrants w hich is the 
subject of a Draw dow n Prospectus w ill be the Terms and Conditions as supplemented to the extent described in the 
relevant Draw dow n Prospectus. 
In the case of a Tranche of Warrants w hich is the subject of a Draw dow n Prospectus, each reference in this Base 
Prospectus to information being specified or identified in the applicable Final Terms shall be read and construed as a 
reference to such information being specified or identified in the relevant Draw dow n Prospectus unless the context requires 
otherw ise. 
An Issuer and, if applicable, the Guarantor, may agree w ith any Dealer that Warrants may be issued, offered to the public, 
and/or admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in a form not contemplated by the Terms and Conditions of the Warrants 
described in this Base Prospectus, in w hich event a Draw dow n Prospectus w ill be submitted for approval to the relevant 
competent authority and w ill be made available. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Warrants w hich is the subject of a Draw dow n Prospectus 
w ill be the Terms and Conditions of the Warrants as supplemented, amended and/or replaced to the extent described in 
the relevant Draw dow n Prospectus. In accordance w ith Article 6(3) of the Prospectus Regulation, the Draw down 
Prospectus w ill be draw n up as a single document, incorporating by reference, if applicable, the relevant parts of the Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 94 ---
Supplement to the Base Prospectus 
 
94 
 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
If at any time the Issuers shall be required to prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation, the Issuers w ill prepare and make available an appropriate supplement to this Base Prospectus or 
a further Base Prospectus w hich, in respect of any subsequent issue of Warrants to be listed and admitted to trading on a 
Regulated Market shall constitute a supplement to the Base Prospectus as required by Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation and shall supply each Dealer w ith such number of copies of such supplement hereto as such Dealer may 
reasonably request. 
Each Issuer has given an undertaking to the Dealers that if at any time during the duration of the Programme there is a 
significant new  factor, material mistake, material inaccuracy or omission relating to information contained in this Base 
Prospectus w hich is capable of affecting the assessment of any Warrants and w hose inclusion in or removal from this Base 
Prospectus is necessary, for the purpose of allow ing an investor to make an informed assessment of the assets and 
liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuers, the Group and the rights attaching to the 
Warrants, the Issuers shall prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a replacement Base Prospectus for 
use in connection w ith any subsequent offering of the Warrants, and shall supply each Dealer w ith such number of copies 
of such supplement hereto as such Dealer may reasonably request. 
Follow ing the publication of this Base Prospectus, the Issuers and the Guarantor w ill, in the event of any significant new  
factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to information included in this Base Prospectus w hich is capable of 
affecting the assessment of any Warrants, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus (a Supplement) in accordance 
w ith Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation or publish a new  prospectus for use in connection w ith any subsequent issue 
of Warrants. Such Supplement as prepared w ill have to be approved by the CSSF. Statements contained in any such 
Supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable (w hether 
expressly, by implication or otherw ise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus 
or in a document w hich is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded 
shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
In the case of Warrants subject to a Non-exempt Offer to the public, in accordance w ith Article 23(2) bis of the Prospectus 
Regulation, investors w ho have already agreed to purchase or subscribe for Warrants before any Supplement is published 
have the right, exercisable w ithin three w orking days after the publication of this Supplement, to w ithdraw  their 
acceptances.

--- Page 95 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
95 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Warrants issued under the Programme 
where: 
[To be included on front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 1 "all bonds to all professionals" target market approach: 
MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes of 
[the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Warrants has led to 
the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Warrants is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as 
defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II)][MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Warrants to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the Warrants (a distributor) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; how ever, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its 
ow n target market assessment in respect of the Warrants (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[The legend may not be necessary if the managers in relation to the Warrants are not subject to UK MiFIR and therefore 
there are no UK MiFIR manufacturers. Depending on the location of the manufacturers, there may be situations where 
either the MiFID II product governance legend or the UK MiFIR product governance legend or where both are included: 
UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes of 
[the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Warrants has led to 
the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Warrants is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook 
Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law  by virtue of the European Union (Withdraw al) Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution 
of the Warrants to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Warrants (a distributor) should take into consideration 
the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; how ever, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention 
and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Warrants (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
OR 
[To be included on front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 2 approach: 
MIFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs  – Solely for the purposes of 
[the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Warrants has led to 
the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Warrants is eligible counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, 
each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II)][MiFID II]; EITHER1 [and (ii) all channels for distribution 
of the Warrants are appropriate, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution 
services] OR 2[(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) 
the follow ing channels for distribution of the Warrants to retail clients are appropriate – investment advice[,/ and] portfolio 
management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution services] [(iii) the determination of the appropriate channels 
for 
distribution 
of 
the 
Notes 
to 
retail 
clients 
has 
been 
made 
and 
is 
available 
on 
the 
w ebsite 
https://regulatory.sgmarkets.com/#/mifid2/emt] [, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations 
under MiFID II, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending 
the Warrants (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment; how ever, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its ow n target market assessment in 
                                              
 
1 Include f or bonds that are not ESMA complex. 
2 Include f or certain ESMA complex bonds. This list may need to be amended, for example, if advised sales are deemed necessary.  If there are advised 
sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. In addition, if the Warrants constitute "complex" products, pure execution serv ices are not permitted 
to retail without the need to make the determination of appropriateness.

--- Page 96 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
96 
 
respect of the Warrants (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as 
applicable]3.]] 
[The legend may not be necessary if the managers in relation to the Warrants are not subject to UK MiFIR and therefore 
there are no UK MiFIR manufacturers. Depending on the location of the manufacturers, there may be situations where 
either the MiFID II product governance legend or the UK MiFIR product governance legend or where both are included: 
UK MIFIR product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs target market  – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Warrants 
has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Warrants is retail clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law  by virtue of the European Union (Withdraw al) Act 2018 
(EUWA), and eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law  by virtue of the EUWA  
(UK MiFIR); EITHER4 [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Warrants are appropriate, including investment advice, 
portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services] OR5 [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and [(iii) the follow ing channels for distribution of the Warrants to 
retail clients are appropriate – investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure 
execution services] [(iii) the determination of the appropriate channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients has been 
made and is available on the w ebsite https://regulatory.sgmarkets.com/#/mifid2/emt] [, subject to the distributor’s suitability 
and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the Warrants (a distributor) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; how ever, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention 
and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Warrants (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness 
obligations under COBS, as applicable]6.]7] 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
Dated [●] 
[The following language applies if the Warrants are distributed in Switzerland: 
The Warrants described in these Final Terms do not constitute a participation in a collective investment scheme 
within the meaning of the Swiss Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes (CISA). Therefore, the Warrants 
are not subject to authorisation and supervision by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority FINMA 
(FINMA), and investors in the Warrants will not benefit from protection under the CISA or supervision by FINMA. 
Investors in the Warrants will bear a credit risk on [the  Issuer of the Warrants] [the Guarantor]. 
[The following language applies unless the Warrants may be publicly offered and distributed in and from Switzerland: 
The Warrants must not be publicly offered, sold or advertised, directly or indirectly in or from Switzerlan d and in 
addition, may be distributed in or from Switzerland exclusively to “Qualified Investors” as defined in the CISA and 
related provisions of the Collective Investment Scheme Ordinance (see also section Subscription, Sale and 
Transfer Restriction in the Base Prospectus, as supplemented from time to time).]] 
[Legend to be included if the Warrants potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key information document will be 
prepared or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling 
                                              
 
3 If  the Securities constitute "complex" products, pure execution services are not permitted to retail without the need to make the determination of 
appropriateness. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. 
4 Include f or bonds that are not ESMA complex (in the UK context, as reflected in COBS). 
5 Include f or certain ESMA complex bonds (in the UK context, as reflected in COBS). This list may need to be amended, for example, if advised sales are 
deemed necessary. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. In addition, if the Securities constitute "complex" products, 
pure execution services are not permitted to retail without the need to make the determination of appropriateness. 
6 If  the Securities constitute "complex" products, pure execution services are not permitted to retail without the need to make the determination of 
appropriateness. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. 
7 Please note that non-exempt offers in the UK require a FCA approval. Since the Base Prospectus is not approved by the FCA, an approval of this 
document or a drawdown prospectus approved by the FCA should be required before any sales to UK retail investors on a non-exempt basis.

--- Page 97 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
97 
 
restriction should be specified to be "Applicable": PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The 
Warrants are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold  or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended or 
superseded, the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, 
the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Warrants or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Warrants or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[Legend to be included if the Warrants potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key information document will be 
prepared or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling 
restriction should be specified to be "Applicable": PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Warrants 
are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For the se purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 
as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA) ; or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the 
FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, 
no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Warrants or otherw ise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Warrants or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]  
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore, as modified 
or amended from time to time (the SFA) – In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the Securities and Futures 
(Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the CM P Regulations 2018), the Issuer has determined, and 
hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309(A)(1) of the SFA), that the Warrants are prescribed capital 
markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice 
SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on 
Investment Products)]8 
[SOCIETE GENERALE][SG ISSUER] [SOCIETE GENERALE EFFEKTEN GMBH] 9 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): [O2RNE8IBXP4R0TD8PU41/ 549300QNMDBVTHX8H127/ 529900W18LQJJN6SJ336] 
Issue of [Aggregate number of Warrants] [Title of Warrants] 
[Unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by Societe Generale] 
under the 
Warrants Issuance Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions set forth under 
the heading ["General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants"] ["General Terms and Conditions of the French 
Law Warrants"] in the base prospectus dated 28 June 2021 [and to w hich the Warrants shall be subject] [(w hich constitutes 
a Base Prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation 2017/1129) (the Prospectus Regulation)]. This 
document constitutes the Final Terms of [the] [each Issue of] Warrants described herein [for the purposes of Article 8(4) of 
                                              
 
8 To be included if  Warrants are offered in Singapore and the classification differs from that specified on the cover page of this Base Prospectus 
9 Delete as applicable.

--- Page 98 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
98 
 
the Prospectus Regulation] and must be read in conjunction w ith the Base Prospectus [and [any][each] supplement thereto 
and any other supplement published prior to the Issue Date (as defined below ) (Supplement(s))]; provided, how ever, that 
to the extent such Supplement (i) is published after these Final Terms have been signed or issued and (ii) provides for any 
change to the Terms and Conditions as set out under the heading ["General Terms and Conditions of the English Law 
Warrants"] ["General Terms and Conditions of the French Law Warrants"], such change(s) shall have no effect w ith respect 
to the terms and conditions of the Warrants to w hich these Final Terms relate. Full information on the Issuer[, the Guarantor] 
and the offer of the Warrants is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms, the Base Prospectus 
and any Supplement(s). Prior to acquiring an interest in the Warrants described herein, prospective investors should read 
and understand the information provided in these Final Terms, the Base Prospectus and any Supplement(s) and be aw are 
of the restrictions applicable to the offer and sale of such Warrants in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, persons that are not Permitted Transferees. 
[A summary of the Warrants is annexed to these Final Terms10]. Copies of the Base Prospectus, any Supplement(s) and 
these Final Terms are available for inspection from the head office of the Issuer[, the Guarantor], the specified offices of 
the Paying Agents and, [in the case of Warrants admitted to trading on the Regulated Market or on the Euro MTF of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange,] [on the w ebsite of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (w ww.bourse.lu)] [in the case of 
Warrants admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in France] [on the w ebsite of the Issuers (w ww.sgbourse.fr)] [in the 
case of Warrants admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in Ireland] [on the w ebsite of the Issuers 
(w ww.sglistedproducts.co.uk)] [in the case of Warrants admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in Sweden or Norway] 
[on the w ebsite of the Issuers (w ww.warrants.societegenerale.se)] [in the case of Warrants admitted to trading on a 
Regulated Market in Finland] [on the w ebsite of the Issuers (w ww.warrants.societegenerale.fi)] [in the case of Warrants 
admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in Spain] [on the w ebsite of the Issuers (w ww.bolsa.societegenerale.es)] [in the 
case of Warrants admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in Italy] on the w ebsite of the Issuers 
(w ww.prodotti.societegenerale.it)] [in the case of Warrants admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in the Netherlands] 
[on the w ebsite of the Issuers (w ww.beurs.societegenerale.nl)]. 
[If the Warrants are governed by English Law . Any reference in these Final Terms to “General Terms and Conditions” is 
deemed to be a reference to "General Terms and Conditions of the English Law  Warrants”.] [If the Warrants are governed 
by French Law . Any reference in these Final Terms to “General Terms and Conditions” is deemed to be a reference to 
"General Terms and Conditions of the French Law  Warrants”.]. 
[The following alternative language applies if the first Tranche of Warrants which is being increased was issued under a 
prospectus with an earlier date which was incorporated by reference in this prospectus: 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions set forth under 
the heading ["General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants"] ["General Terms and Conditions of the French 
Law  Warrants"] [29 June 2020] [1 July 2019][4 July 2018][20 July 2016] [31 July 2015] [24 July 2013] [as supplemented 
by [for base prospectus dated 29 June 2020: the supplement dated 2 September 2020 and the supplement dated 24 
November 2020] [for base prospectus dated 1 July 2019: the supplement dated 20 September 2019, the supplement dated 
27 January 2020 and the supplement dated 23 April 2020] [for base prospectus dated 4 July 2018: the supplement dated 
7 December 2018 and the supplement dated 8 March 2019] [for base prospectus dated 20 July 2016: the supplement 
dated 30 August 2016, the supplement dated 21 October 2016, the supplement dated 9 December 2016, and the 
supplement dated 30 December 2016] [for base prospectus dated 31 July 2015: the supplements dated 21 September 
2015, 27 October 2015, 4 December 2015, 14 January 2016 and 20 April 2016] [for base prospectus dated 24 July 2013: 
the supplements dated 20 August 2013, 16 October 2013, 12 November 2013, 3 December 2013 and 3 March 2014] ] 
w hich are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 28 June 2021 and to w hich the Warrants shall be 
subject] [(w hich constitutes a Base Prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation 2017/1129, as amended) 
(the Prospectus Regulation)]. This document constitutes the Final Terms of [the] [each Issue of] Warrants described 
herein [for the purposes of Article 8(4) of the Prospectus Regulation] and must be read in conjunction w ith the Bas e 
Prospectus [and [any][each] supplement thereto and any other supplement published prior to the Issue Date (as defined 
below ) (Supplement(s))]; provided, how ever, that to the extent such Supplement (i) is published after these Final Terms 
have been signed or issued and (ii) provides for any change to the Terms and Conditions as set out under the heading 
["General Terms and Conditions of the English Law  Warrants, as amended "] ["General Terms and Conditions of the French 
                                              
 
10  
Delete in the case of Non-exempt Warrants.

--- Page 99 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
99 
 
Law  Warrants, as amended "], such change(s) shall have no effect w ith respect to the terms and conditions of the Warrants 
to w hich these Final Terms relate. Full information on the Issuer[, the Guarantor] and the offer of the Warrants is only 
available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms, the Base Prospectus and any Supplement(s). Prior to 
acquiring an interest in the Warrants described herein, prospective investors should read and understand the information 
provided in these Final Terms, the Base Prospectus and any Supplement(s) and be aw are of the restrictions applicable to 
the offer and sale of such Warrants in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, persons that are not Permitted 
Transferees. 
[A summary of the Warrants is annexed to these Final Terms]. Copies of the Base Prospectus, any Supplement(s) and 
these Final Terms are available for inspection from the head office of the Issuer[, the Guarantor], the specified offices of 
the Paying Agents and, [in the case of Warrants admitted to trading on the Regulated Market or on the Euro MTF of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange,] [on the w ebsite of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (w ww.bourse.lu)] [in the case of 
Warrants admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in France] [on the w ebsite of the Issuers (w ww.sgbourse.fr)] [in the 
case of Warrants admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in Ireland] [on the website of the Issuers 
(www.sglistedproducts.co.uk)] [in the case of Warrants admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in Sweden or Norway] 
[on the w ebsite of the Issuers (w ww.warrants.societegenerale.se)] [in the case of Warrants admitted to trading on a 
Regulated Market in Finland] [on the w ebsite of the Issuers (w ww.warrants.societegenerale.fi)] [in the case of Warrants 
admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in Spain] [on the w ebsite of the Issuers (w ww.bolsa.societegenerale.es)] [in the 
case of Warrants admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in Italy] on the w ebsite of the Issuers  
(www.prodotti.societegenerale.it)] [in the case of Warrants admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in the Netherlands] 
[on the website of the Issuers (www.beurs.societegenerale.nl)]. 
[In the case of public offer continuing after the validity of the Base Prospectus: The Base Prospectus expires on 28 June 
2022. The succeeding base prospectus w ill be available on the w ebsite(s) referred to above.] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not applicable". Distinguish, where necessary, between Warrants 
of different Issues. Note that the numbering should remain as set out below, even if "Not applicable" is indicated for 
individual paragraphs or subparagraphs. Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms. If "Not applicable" is 
specified in respect of a paragraph, the remaining sub-paragraph(s) shall be deleted.] 
[When completing final terms, consideration should be given as to whether such terms or information constitutes "significant 
new factors" and consequently triggers the need for a Supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation.] 
[Any reference in the applicable Final Terms to any date expressed under the form « DD/MM/YYYY » shall be deemed to 
be a reference to any date expressed under the form "Day/Month/Year"] 
[If several Issues of Warrants are to be issued or offered simultaneously in one set of Final Terms, the separate paragraphs 
of the Final Terms will contain within them all relevant information required by such paragraphs in relation to each separate 
Issue of Warrants] 
 
1. 
Date on which the Warrants become fungible: 
[Not applicable] [The Warrants shall be assimilated 
and form a single issue w ith the [insert title of the 
Warrants related to the previous Issue] on [insert 
date] [the Issue Date] [issue date plus forty days]] 
 
[(i)] 
Settlement Currency: 
[Insert the currency of the Warrants][If Euro, delete 
the following sub-paragraph] 
2. 
[[(ii)] 
Currency conversion in accordance with 
Condition [1][1] of the General Terms and 
Conditions: 
[Applicable] / [Not applicable]]  
3. 
Number of Warrants: 
[Total number] [divided into: [specify number of 
Warrants]]

--- Page 100 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
100 
 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[Insert the currency and the amount] per Warrant 
5. 
Notional Amount per Warrant: 
[Specify amount] [w hich shall also be the Nominal 
Amount, subject to the provisions of Conditions 1 
and 2 of the Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Credit Linked Warrants] [Include for Single Name 
Warrants 
or 
First-to-Default 
Warrants] 
[Not 
applicable] 
6. 
Issue Date: 
[(DD/MM/YYYY)] 
[Specify date] 
7. 
[Expiration 
Date 
([Fixed 
Scheduled 
Exercise][European] Style Warrants)]/ [Exercise 
Period (American Style Warrants)]: 
[(DD/MM/YYYY)] 
[The 
Warrants 
are 
Open-ended 
Warrants. 
Condition [5.6]/[5.6] of the General Terms and 
Conditions applies.] 
[Specify date for the purposes of Condition 
[3.2]/[3.2] of the General Terms and Conditions] 
[For Credit Linked Warrants: [Insert the date] (such 
date being the "Scheduled Expiration 
Date"), 
subject to the provisions of paragraph "Credit 
Linked Warrants Provisions" below  and the 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked 
Warrants.] 
[For Bond Linked Warrants: [Specify date] (such 
date being the "Scheduled Expiration 
Date"), 
subject to paragraph "Bond Linked Warrants 
Provisions" below  and the Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Bond Linked Warrants.] 
[Where required for the purposes of the definition 
of "Determination Period" in Condition 5.3 of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to 
Formulae: [Insert the date] (such date being the 
"Scheduled Expiration Date").]  
8. 
(i) 
Settlement Date: 
[(DD/MM/YYYY)] 
(ii) 
Scheduled Settlement Date [applicable in 
respect of Physical Delivery Warrants 
only]: 
[(DD/MM/YYYY)]  
[As set out in Condition [5]/[5] of the General Terms 
and Conditions][Specify date for the purposes of 
Condition [5]/[5] of the General Terms and 
Conditions][The 
Warrants 
are 
Open-ended 
Warrants] 
[As per Condition [5.2]/[5.2] of the General Terms 
and Conditions][Specify date for the purposes of 
Condition [5.2]/[5.2] of the General Terms and 
Conditions][Not applicable] 
9. 
Governing law: 
[English] [French] law . 
10. 
(i) 
Status of Warrants: 
[Unsecured] [In case of Secured Warrants Issued 
by SG Issuer only: Secured. See paragraph 
"Secured Warrant Provisions" below .]

--- Page 101 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
101 
 
 
(ii) 
Type of Warrants: 
[American] 
/ 
[Fixed 
Scheduled 
Exercise] 
[European] 
(European Style Warrants are also known as Fixed 
Scheduled Exercise Style Warrants. Where the 
Warrants selected are Fixed Scheduled Exercise 
Style Warrants, any references in the Base 
Prospectus and in the applicable Final Terms to 
"European Style Warrants" is deemed to be a 
reference to Fixed Scheduled Exercise Style 
Warrants.) 
The Warrants are [Call]/[Put] Warrants 
[The Warrants are [Long][Short] Warrants]. 
[The Warrants are][Fixed 
Leverage Warrants] 
[Formula-Linked Warrants][Turbo Warrants]. 
 
(iii) 
Type of Structured Warrants: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Share Linked Warrants] [Index Linked Warrants] 
[SGI Index Linked Warrants] [Depositary Receipts 
Linked Warrants] [Non-Equity 
Security Linked 
Warrants] [ETF Linked Warrants] [ETP Linked 
Warrants] [Reference Rate 
Linked 
Warrants] 
[Foreign 
Exchange 
Rate 
Linked 
Warrants] 
[Commodity 
Linked 
Warrants] 
[Fund 
Linked 
Warrants] 
[Credit 
Linked 
Warrants] 
[Inflation 
Linked Warrants] [Bond Linked Warrants] [Future 
Linked Warrants] [Portfolio Linked Warrants]. 
[The provisions of the follow ing Additional Terms 
and Conditions apply: 
 
 
[Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed 
Leverage and Turbo Warrants] [Additional Terms 
and Conditions relating to Formulae] [Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Share Linked Warrants 
and 
Depositary 
Receipts 
Linked 
Warrants] 
[Additional Terms and Conditions for Index Linked 
Warrants] [Additional Terms and Conditions for 
SGI Index Linked Warrant] [Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Reference Rate Linked Warrants] 
[Additional Terms and Conditions 
for Foreign 
Exchange 
Rate 
Linked 
Warrants] [Additional 
Terms and Conditions 
for Commodity 
Linked 
Warrants] [Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Fund Linked Warrants] [Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants] [Additional 
Terms 
and 
Conditions 
for 
Inflation 
Linked 
Warrants] [Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Bond Linked Warrants] [Additional Terms and 
Conditions for ETF Linked Warrants and ETP 
Linked Warrants] [Additional Terms and Conditions

--- Page 102 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
102 
 
for 
Non-Equity 
Security 
Linked 
Warrants] 
[Additional Terms and Conditions for Future Linked 
Warrants] [Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Portfolio Linked Warrants]. 
 
(iv) 
Reference of the Product: 
[Not applicable] 
[[Insert the Reference of the Product from the 
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to 
Formulae [w ith Option [Insert the reference of the 
Option] applicable] or the Additional Terms and 
Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo 
Warrants], as described in the [Additional Terms 
and Conditions relating to Formulae][Additio nal 
Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage 
and Turbo Warrants]] 
[If one or more than one Add-on is/are applicable 
for a particular Product: 
[With Add-on relating to Early Settlement Price 
applicable as per Condition [1.3.1 of the Additional 
Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage 
and Turbo Warrants] [1.4.1 of the Additional Terms 
and Conditions relating to Formulae]: the [[Early 
Settlement Price] [Final Settlement Price ] of the 
Product [Insert the Reference of the Product from 
the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to 
Formulae]] [Option [Insert the reference of the 
Option] as described in Condition [4] is applicable] 
[With Add-on relating to Credit Linked or Bond 
Linked Products applicable as per Condition 1.4.3 
of the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to 
Formulae] [With Add-on relating to Global Factors 
applicable as per Condition [1.3.2 of the Additional 
Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage 
and Turbo Warrants] [1.4.5 of the Additional Terms 
and Conditions relating to Formulae]] [w ith Option 
[Insert the reference of the Option] applicable] 
[With Add-on relating to Foreign Exchange Rates 
applicable as per Condition 1.4.6 of the Additional 
Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae] [With 
Add-on relating to Capitalisation Rate applicable 
as per Condition [1.3.3 of the Additional Terms and 
Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo 
Warrants] [1.4.7 of the Additional Terms and 
Conditions relating to Formulae]] [With Add-on 
relating to hedging fees applicable to a Product 
Formula applicable as per Condition 1.4.8 of the 
Additional 
Terms 
and Conditions 
relating 
to 
Formulae.] [With Add-on relating to Optional Early 
Settlement Amount applicable as per Condition 
[1.4.9] of the Additional Terms and Conditions 
relating to Formulae: the [Final Settlement Price of 
the Product [Insert the Reference of the Product

--- Page 103 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
103 
 
from the Additional Terms and Conditions relating 
to Formulae]] [Option [Insert the reference of the 
Option] as described in Condition 4] is applicable] 
[With Add-on relating to Variable Data applicable 
as per Condition [1.4.10] of the Additional Terms 
and Conditions relating to Formulae.] 
[With Add-on relating to Automatic Settlement 
Price applicable pursuant to Condition 1.4.1 of the 
Additional 
Terms 
and Conditions 
relating 
to 
Formulae: the "Automatic Settlement 
Price" is 
modified as "Not Applicable"] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO SETTLEMENT 
11. 
Type of Settlement: 
[The 
Warrants 
are] 
[Cash 
Settled 
Warrants][Physical Delivery Warrants]  
12. 
Cash Settlement Amount: 
[As set out in Condition [5.1]/[5.1] of the General 
Terms and Conditions][Not applicable] 
13. 
Conversion Rate: 
[Not applicable] [Specify applicable rate for the 
purposes of Condition [5]/[5] of the General Terms 
and Conditions] 
14. 
Substitute Conversion Rate: 
[Not applicable] [As set out in Condition [5.1]/[5.1] 
of the General Terms and Conditions] [Specify 
applicable rate for the purposes of Condition [5]/[5] 
of the General Terms and Conditions] 
15. 
Optional Early Expiration at the option of the Issuer: 
[Not applicable] 
[Applicable as per Condition 
[5.4.1.1]/[5.4.1.1] 
of the General 
Terms 
and 
Conditions] 
[If applicable in respect of Credit Linked Warrants 
or Bond Linked Warrants: Subject to the provision 
of notice in accordance w ith sub-paragraph (v), the 
Warrants shall be subject to early expiration in 
w hole, but not in part, at the option of the Issuer on 
[any Business Day] [specify] [from but excluding 
the Issue Date to but excluding the Expiration 
Date.]]  
 
[If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs] 
 
(i) 
Optional Early Settlement Amount: 
[Not applicable][Determined 
in accordance w ith 
[Option 
1][Option 
2][Option 
3][Option 
4] 
of 
Condition [5.4.1.4]/[5.4.1.4] of the General Terms 
and Conditions][Specify amount]  
 
(ii) 
Optional Early Settlement Price:  
[Not applicable][Determined 
in accordance w ith 
[Option 
1][Option 
2][Option 
3][Option 
4] 
of 
Condition [5.4.1.4]/[5.4.1.4] of the General Terms 
and Conditions] [Specify price]

--- Page 104 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
104 
 
 
(iii) 
Optional 
Early 
Settlement 
Valuation 
Date(s): 
[(DD/MM/YYYY)] 
[Specify date(s) for the purposes of Condition 
[5.4.1.4]/[5.4.1.4] 
of the General Terms and 
Conditions]  
 
(iv) 
Optional Early Expiration Date(s): 
[(DD/MM/YYYY)]  
[Specify date(s) for the purposes of Condition 
[5.4]/[5.4] 
 
(v) 
Optional Early Settlement Date(s): 
[Specify date(s) for the purposes of Condition 
[5.4]/[5.4] of the General Terms and Conditions] 
 
(vi) 
Notice Period: 
[Specify period for the purposes of Condition 
[5.4.1.5.1]/[5.4.1.5.1] of the General Terms and 
Conditions] 
[If applicable in respect of Credit Linked Warrants 
or Bond Linked Warrants: The Issuer shall give not 
less than [Insert the number of days] Business 
Days' (as defined in Condition 2 of the Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants) 
notice to the Warrantholders in accordance w ith 
Condition [12]/[12] of the General Terms and 
Conditions] (w hich notice shall be irrevocable and 
shall specify the date fixed for expiration), provided 
how ever that any such notice shall be deemed to 
be void and of no effect, if a Credit Event Notice 
has been or is, delivered to the Warrantholders in 
accordance w ith the Conditions at any time on or 
prior to 5.00 p.m. (Paris time) on the fourth 
Business Day preceding 
the date fixed for 
expiration in accordance w ith this paragraph 15.] 
[and any such notice of expiration at the option of 
the Issuer, along w ith the Optional Early Settlement 
Amount[(i) (i from [] to [])], shall be deemed to 
prevail in the follow ing case[s]: 
[(a)] a [Credit] [Bond] Event Notice has been 
delivered 
prior 
to, 
or 
is 
delivered 
to 
the 
Warrantholders on the same day as, or after, any 
such notice of expiration at the option of the Issuer 
[;] [.] 
[(b) a [Potential Failure to Pay] [and a] [Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium] 
[has] 
[have] 
already 
occurred and [is] [are] continuing at the relevant 
Optional Early Expiration Date[(i)] [;] [.]] 
[If applicable in respect of Credit Linked Warrants: 
[(b)] [(c)] a Notice of Pending Credit Event was 
delivered less than 100 Business Days prior to the 
relevant Optional Early Expiration Date[(i)] and, 
immediately prior to such Optional Early Expiration 
Date[(i)], (x) no DC No Credit Event Announcement 
has been published and (y) no Credit Event Notice

--- Page 105 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
105 
 
in relation to the pending 
event has been 
delivered.]]]] 
[NB: Optional Early Expiration in part as per Condition 5.4/5.4 of the General Terms and Conditions of the English 
Law Warrants or the General Terms and Conditions of the French Law Warrants, as the case may be] 
 
(vii) 
Optional Early Expiration in Part: 
[Not applicable] [Applicable]  
 
[If Not Applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs] 
 
 
Minimum Number of Warrants subject to 
Optional Early Expiration at the option of 
the Issuer: 
[Not applicable][Specify 
applicable number of 
Warrants] 
 
 
Maximum Number of Warrants subject to 
Optional Early Expiration at the option of 
the Issuer: 
[Not applicable][Specify 
applicable number of 
Warrants] ] 
16. 
Optional Early Expiration at the option of the 
Warrantholder: 
[Not applicable] 
[Applicable as per Condition 
[5.4.1.3]/[5.4.1.3] 
of the General 
Terms 
and 
Conditions] 
 
[If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs] 
 
(i) 
Optional Early Settlement Amount: 
[Not applicable][Determined 
in accordance w ith 
[Option 
1][Option 
2][Option 
3][Option 
4] 
of 
Condition [5.4.1.4]/[5.4.1.4] of the General Terms 
and Conditions][Specify amount] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Early Settlement Price:  
[Not applicable][Determined 
in accordance w ith 
[Option 
1][Option 
2][Option 
3][Option 
4] 
of 
Condition [5.4.1.4]/[5.4.1.4] of the General Terms 
and Conditions] [Specify price] 
 
(iii) 
Optional 
Early 
Settlement 
Valuation 
Date(s): 
[(DD/MM/YYYY)]  
[Specify date(s) for the purposes of Condition 
[5.4.1.4]/[5.4.1.4] 
of the General Terms and 
Conditions] 
 
(iv) 
Optional Early Expiration Date(s): 
[(DD/MM/YYYY)] 
[Specify date(s) for the purposes of Condition 
[5.4.1.4]/[5.4.1.4] 
of the General Terms and 
Conditions] 
 
(v) 
Notice Period: 
[Specify period for the purposes of Condition 
[5.4.1.5.2]/[5.4.1.5.2] of the General Terms and 
Conditions] 
[NB: Optional Early Expiration in part as per Condition [5.4.1.3]/[5.4.1.3] of the General Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Warrants or the General Terms and Conditions of the French Law Warrants, as the case may be] 
 
(vi) 
Optional Early Expiration in Part: 
[Applicable] / [Not applicable]  
 
[If Not applicable, please delete the following sub-paragraphs] 
 
 
Minimum Number of Warrants subject to 
Optional Early Expiration at the option of 
the Warrantholder: 
[Not applicable][ Specify applicable number of 
Warrants] 
 
 
Maximum Number of Warrants subject to 
Optional Early Expiration at the option of 
the Warrantholder: 
[Not applicable][ Specify applicable number of 
Warrants]

--- Page 106 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
106 
 
17. 
 
Event-linked Early Expiration: 
[Applicable 
in 
accordance 
w ith 
Condition 
[5.4.2]/[5.4.2] 
of 
the 
General 
Terms 
and 
Conditions][Not applicable] 
 
[If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs] 
 
(i) 
Event-linked Early Settlement Amount(s):  
[Specify applicable Event-linked Early Settlement 
Amount 
for 
the 
purposes 
of 
Condition 
[5.4.2]/[5.4.2] of the General Terms and Conditions 
based on the applicable Product.] 
 
(ii) 
Event-linked Early Settlement Price: 
[Specify applicable Event-linked Early Settlement 
Price for the purposes of Condition [5.4.2]/[5.4.2] of 
the General Terms and Conditions based on the 
applicable Product.] 
 
(iii) 
Event-linked Early Expiration Period: 
[Not applicable][Specify 
applicable Event-linked 
Early Expiration Period for the purposes of 
Condition [5.4.2]/[5.4.2] of the General Terms and 
Conditions] 
 
(iv) 
Event-linked Early Expiration Date(s): 
[(DD/MM/YYYY)]  
[Not applicable][Specify 
applicable Event-linked 
Early Expiration Date for the purposes of Condition 
[5.4.2]/[5.4.2] 
of 
the 
General 
Terms 
and 
Conditions.] 
[For Credit Linked Warrants: [Specify date] (such 
date being the Scheduled Event-linked 
Early 
Expiration Date), subject to paragraph "Credit 
Linked Warrants Provisions" below  and the 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked 
Warrants.] 
 
(v) 
Event-linked Early Settlement Date(s): 
[(DD/MM/YYYY)]  
[Specify applicable Event-linked Early Settlement 
Date for the purposes of Condition [5.4.2]/[5.4.2] of 
the General Terms and Conditions] 
 
(vi) 
Early Expiration Event: 
[Specify applicable Early Expiration Event(s) for 
the purposes of Condition [5.4.2]/[5.4.2] of the 
General Terms and Conditions based on the 
applicable Product.] 
18. 
Final Settlement Price: 
Unless 
previously exercised or cancelled 
in 
accordance w ith the Terms and Conditions, the 
Final Settlement Price for each Warrant w ill be 
determined 
in accordance w ith the follow ing 
provisions: 
[Replicate 
relevant 
formula 
from] 
[Specify] 
[Condition [3.1.1.2] [3.1.2.2] [3.1.3.2] [3.1.4.2] 
[3.1.5.2] 
[3.1.6.2] 
[3.1.7.2] 
[3.1.8.2] 
[3.1.9.2] 
[3.2.1.2] 
[3.2.2.2] 
[3.2.3.2] 
[3.2.4.2] 
of 
the 
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed 
Leverage and Turbo Warrants] [Condition [3.1.1.2] 
[3.1.2.2] 
[3.1.3.2] 
[3.1.4.2] 
[3.2.1.2] 
[3.2.2.2] 
[3.2.3.2] 
[3.2.4.2] 
[3.2.5.2] 
[3.2.6.2] 
[3.3.1.2]

--- Page 107 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
107 
 
[3.3.2.2] [3.3.10.2] [3.3.13.2] [3.3.14.2] [3.3.15.2] 
[3.3.19.2] [3.3.20.2] [3.3.21.2] [3.3.23.2] [3.3.24.2] 
[3.3.25.2] [3.3.27.2] [3.3.30.2] [3.3.31.2] [3.3.33.2] 
[3.5.1.2] 
[3.6.1.2] 
[3.6.2.2] 
[3.6.3.2] 
[3.6.4.2] 
[3.6.5.2] 
[3.7.1.2] 
[3.7.2.2] 
[3.7.3.2] 
[3.7.4.2] 
[3.7.5.2] [3.7.6.2] [3.7.11.2] [3.9.1.2] [3.10.1.2] 
[3.10.2.2] [3.10.3.2] [3.11.1.2] [3.11.2.2] [3.11.3.2] 
[3.11.4.2] of the Additional Terms and Conditions 
relating to Formulae] 
[Definitions relating to the Final Settlement Price 
are set out in paragraph 26(ii) "Definitions relating 
to the Product".] 
19. 
Physical Delivery Warrant Provisions: 
[Applicable] [Not applicable] 
 
[If not applicable and (in respect of Credit Linked Warrants) Alternative Physical Settlement does not apply, 
delete the remaining subparagraphs] 
 
(i) 
Deliverable Asset(s): 
[[Market Value] [Nominal Amount] [Other] as set 
out in Condition [4.12]/[4.12] of the General Terms 
and Conditions] [Specify] 
[See paragraph "Underlying(s)"] [in respect of 
Credit Linked Warrants where Alternative Physical 
Settlement does not apply: Specified Deliverable 
Obligation(s)] [in respect of Credit Linked Warrants 
where Alternative Physical Settlement applies: 
Alternative Physical Delivery Amount] 
 
(ii) 
Physical Delivery Amount: 
[As per Condition [4.12]/[4.12] of the General 
Terms and Conditions] 
[In respect of Credit Linked Warrants, if applicable, 
specify the Credit Linked Physical Delivery 
Amount] 
 
(iii) 
Provisions governing whether transfer of 
Deliverable Asset(s) or payment of a cash 
sum will apply: 
[See paragraph (Cash Settlement Amount) above 
[and, 
subparagraph 
(Early 
Trigger 
Level 
Settlement Amount(s) payable) below ]] 
[See paragraph 26(ii) "Definitions relating to the 
Product”.] 
[In respect of Credit Linked Warrants, if applicable: 
Applicable, as provided in the Additional Terms 
and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants] 
[Not applicable – cash settlement does not apply] 
 
(iv) 
Issuer's 
option to 
vary 
method of 
settlement: 
[No] [Applicable as per Condition [4.12.2]/[4.12.2] 
of the General Terms and Conditions] 
 [In respect of Credit Linked Warrants, if applicable: 
Applicable, as provided in the Additional Terms 
and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants]

--- Page 108 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
108 
 
 
(v) 
Method of transfer of Deliverable Asset(s) 
in respect of Physical Delivery Amount or 
in respect of the Alternative Physical 
Delivery Amount (if other than Delivery): 
[As per Condition [4.12.1]/[4.12.1] of the General 
Terms 
and Conditions, 
subject to Condition 
[4.12.2]/[4.12.2] 
of the 
General 
Terms 
and 
Conditions ] 
[In respect of Credit Linked Warrants: Delivery 
through the Relevant Clearing System unless the 
Specified Deliverable Obligations are not eligible 
for clearance by the Relevant Clearing System or 
otherw ise as specified in Condition 1 of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked 
Warrants, in w hich case transfer w ill take place 
outside the Relevant Clearing System as set out in 
Condition 1 of the Additional Terms and Conditions 
for Credit Linked Warrants] 
 
(vi) 
Consequences of Settlement Disruption 
Event(s): 
As per Condition [4.12.5]/[4.12.5] of the General 
Terms and Conditions. 
(Please note that this sub-paragraph exists for 
information only and no new information should be 
inserted here) 
20. 
Parity: 
[Specify 
number for 
use 
in calculation of 
Settlement Amount for the purposes of Condition 
[5]/[5] of the General Terms and Conditions] [Not 
applicable] 
21. 
Averaging Date(s): 
[(DD/MM/YYYY)]  
[Not applicable] 
[Specify for the purposes of 
Condition 1 of the Additional Terms and Conditions 
for Share / Index / SGI Index / Depositary Receipt 
/ ETF / ETP / Foreign Exchange / Future Linked 
Warrants, as applicable.]  
 
 
 
22. 
Trigger early settlement at the option of the Issuer: 
[Applicable as per Condition >>>[5.4.1.2]/[5.4.1.2] 
of the General 
Terms and Conditions] 
[Not 
applicable] 
 
[Insert the following subparagraph only if Trigger early settlement at the option of the Issuer is applicable] 
 
[- 
Early 
Trigger 
Level 
Settlement 
Amount(s) payable: 
[As per Condition [5.4.1.2]/[5.4.1.2] of the 
General 
Terms 
and 
Conditions] 
[Not 
applicable]] 
 
[Insert the following subparagraph only if the Outstanding Amount Trigger Level is different from 10% as 
specified in Condition 5.4.1.2 of the General Terms and Conditions] 
 
[- 
Outstanding Amount Trigger Level: 
[Specify relevant level]]

--- Page 109 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
109 
 
23. 
Cancellation for Tax Event, Special Tax Event, 
Regulatory Event, Force Majeure Event or Event of 
Default: 
[Early 
Termination] 
[Early 
Termination 
or 
Monetisation 
until 
the 
Expiration 
Date] 
[Cancellation w ill not apply to [Tax Event] [and/or] 
[Special Tax Event] [for the purposes of Condition 
[5.3]/[5.3] of the General Terms and Conditions] 
[and for the purposes of the Additional Terms and 
Conditions specified in subparagraph (Provisions 
relating, amongst others, to the Market Disruption 
Event(s) 
and/or 
Disruption 
Event(s) 
and/or 
Extraordinary Event(s) and/or Monetisation until 
the 
Expiration 
Date 
and/or 
any 
additional 
disruption event as described in the relevant 
Additional Terms and Conditions) below ] [and] [the 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked 
Warrants] 
[and] 
[the 
Additional 
Terms 
and 
Conditions for Bond Linked Warrants]] 
[If cancellation applies for the purposes of 
Condition [5.3]/[5.3] of the General Terms and 
Conditions: Condition 
[6.2/6.2] of the General 
Terms and Conditions w ill apply] 
[If cancellation does not apply for the purposes of 
Condition [5.3]/[5.3] of the General Terms and 
Conditions: Condition 
[6.2/6.2] of the General 
Terms and Conditions w ill not apply] 
[Monetisation w ith Early Termination at the option 
of the Warrantholder, except for Force Majeure 
Event or Event of Default] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO EXERCISE  
24. 
Exercise: 
[Manual] [Automatic] Exercise  
 
(i) 
Exercise Price: 
[Specify] [(subject to the provisions of Condition 
3.2.0.2 of the Additional Terms and Conditions 
relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants:)] 
(If the Warrants are not Turbo Warrants, delete the 
rest of this sub-paragraph) 
 
 
[Exercise 
Price 
Adjustment 
without 
Foreign 
Exchange 
Guarantee [for Turbo on Futures]]: 
[[Not 
applicable] 
/ 
[Applicable] 
(For 
Turbo 
Warrants)]] 
 
 
[Exercise Price Adjustment with 
Foreign Exchange Guarantee]: 
[[Not 
applicable] 
/ 
[Applicable] 
(For 
Turbo 
Warrants)]] 
 
(ii) 
Minimum Exercise Number: 
[Not applicable] / [Specify number of Warrants] 
(Condition [3.3]/[3.3] of the General Terms and 
Conditions provides that Warrants may only be 
exercised in numbers w hich are equal to the 
Minimum Exercise Number or any integral multiple 
thereof)

--- Page 110 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
110 
 
 
(iii) 
Maximum Exercise Number: 
[Not applicable] / [Specify number of Warrants and 
whether the Warrants subject to the Maximum 
Exercise Number shall be selected at the Issuer's 
discretion or otherwise for the purposes of 
Condition [3.3]/[3.3] of the General Terms and 
Conditions] (Condition [3.3]/[3.3] of the General 
Terms and Conditions provides that Warrants may 
only be exercised in numbers w hich are integral 
multiple of the minimum number and lesser than or 
equal to the Maximum Exercise Number) 
[For American Style Warrants listed on the Italian 
Stock Exchange specify the maximum number of 
Warrants that may be exercised on each Business 
Day] 
 
(iv) 
Units: 
[Not applicable] / [Specify whether the provisions 
relating to exercise of Units applies in accordance 
with Condition [3.1]/[3.1] of the General Terms and 
Conditions] 
PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE UNDERLYING(S) 
25. 
(i) 
Underlying(s): 
[Not Applicable] [If Credit Linked Warrants or Bond 
Linked Warrants : as provided in paragraph [“Credit 
Linked 
Warrants Provisions”] 
[“Bond 
Linked 
Warrants Provisions”] below ] 
[In respect of single Underlying, 
insert the 
following: 
The follow ing Share / Index / SGI 
Index / 
Depositary 
Receipt 
/ 
Non-Equity 
Security 
/ 
Reference Rate 
/ Foreign 
Exchange Rate / 
Commodity / Commodity Index / Fund / [Credit] 
[and] [CDS Spread] / Inflation Index / Bond / ETP / 
ETF/ Future / Portfolio as defined below :] 
[In respect of basket of Underlyings (which, for the 
avoidance of doubt may be a combination of 
different Underlyings), insert the following: 
The follow ing basket of [●] Shares / Indices / SGI 
Indices 
/ Depositary 
Receipts 
/ Non-Equity 
Securities / Reference Rates / Foreign Exchange 
Rates / Commodities / Commodity Indices / Funds 
/ [Credits] [and] [CDS Spreads] / Inflation Indices / 
Bonds / ETPs / ETFs / Futures / Portfolio [(each an 
Underlying k and together the Basket)] as defined 
below :] 
[Details of the Portfolio are set out in the follow ing 
tables.]

--- Page 111 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
111 
 
 
 
 
[Where the underlying is a security need to include the name of the issuer of the security and 
the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) or equivalent identification number. 
Where the underlying is an index, include the name of the index and the address of the 
website on which a complete set of rules relating to such index can b e found. If the index is 
not composed by the Issuer, need to include details of where the information about the index 
can be obtained. In case of SGI Linked Warrants, if Advised SGI Index is applicable, need 
to specify. 
Where the underlying is an interest rate, include a description of the interest rate. 
Where the underlying does not fall within the categories specified above, the applicable Final 
Terms shall contain equivalent information. 
Where the underlying is a basket of underlyings, need to include the relevant weightings or 
quantities of each underlying in the basket, or if the basket is not weighted, state that there 
is no weighting in respect of the underlyings in the basket. 
Where the underlying is a Future or a Basket of Future, need to disclose the Future, the Next 
Active Future Contract, the Exchange, the Future Start Time, the Future End Time, the 
Future Underlier, the relevant weightings of each Underlying in the Basket. 
Where the underlying is a Portfolio or a basket of Portfolios: The [basket of] [Portfolio[s]] as 
described in the Annex for Portfolio Linked Warrants attached hereto.] 
 
(ii) 
Information relating to the past and future 
performances of the Underlying(s) and 
volatility: 
[Not applicable] [Need to include details of the 
relevant website or screen page where information 
on past and future performance and volatility can 
be 
obtained, 
as 
specified 
in 
paragraph 
(Underlying(s)) above.] 
 
(iii) 
Provisions relating, amongst others, to the 
Market 
Disruption 
Event(s) 
and/or 
Disruption Event(s) and/or Extraordinary 
Event(s) and/or Monetisation until the 
Expiration 
Date and/or any additional 
disruption event as described in the 
relevant Additional Terms and Conditions: 
[Not applicable] 
The provisions of the follow ing Additional Terms 
and Conditions apply: 
[Additional Terms and Conditions for Share Linked 
Warrants 
and 
Depositary 
Receipts 
Linked 
Warrants] [Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Index Linked Warrants] [Additional Terms and 
Conditions 
for SGI 
Index 
Linked 
Warrants] 
[Additional Terms and Conditions for Non-Equity 
Security Linked Warrants] [Additional Terms and 
Conditions for ETF Linked Warrants and ETP 
Linked Warrants] [Additional Terms and Conditions 
for Reference Rate Linked Warrants] [Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Foreign Exchange Rate 
Linked Warrants] [Additional Terms and Conditions 
for Commodity Linked Warrants] [Additional Terms 
and 
Conditions 
for Fund 
Linked 
Warrants] 
[Additional Terms and Conditions 
for Inflation 
Linked Warrants] [Additional Terms and Conditions 
for Future Linked Warrants] [Additional Terms and 
Conditions 
for 
Portfolio 
Linked 
Warrants] 
[Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked

--- Page 112 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
112 
 
Warrants [and Condition 3 “Additional Provisions 
related to CDS Spread”] [Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Bond Linked Warrants]]. 
[Specify if Hedging Disruption is not applicable] 
[Specify if Increased Cost of Hedging is not 
applicable] 
[Specify if Stop-Loss Event is not applicable] 
[Specify if Fund Linked Warrants_Events2 applies] 
 
(iv) 
Other information relating to the 
Underlying(s): 
[Not applicable] [Information 
or summaries of 
information included herein w ith respect to the 
Underlying(s), has been extracted from general 
databases released publicly or by any other 
available information. [Each of the Issuer and the 
Guarantor] 
[The 
Issuer] 
confirms 
that 
such 
information has been accurately reproduced and 
that, so far as it is aw are and is able to ascertain 
from information published, no facts have been 
omitted 
w hich w ould render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.]  
 
(v) 
Credit Linked Warrants Provisions: 
[Not 
applicable] 
[Applicable, 
subject 
to 
the 
provisions of the Additional Terms and Conditions 
for Credit Linked Warrants.] [The provisions of the 
“Additional Provisions related to CDS Spread” in 
Condition 3 shall apply.]  
 
[If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs] 
 
(a) 
Type of Credit Linked Warrants: 
[Single Name Warrants] [First-to-Default Warrants] 
[Basket Warrants] [Tranche Warrants]  
 
(b) 
Terms relating to Settlement: 
 
 
(A) 
Settlement Type: 
[American Settlement] [European Settlement] 
 
(B) 
Settlement Method: 
[Cash Settlement, pursuant to Condition 1.1.3 of 
the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit 
Linked Warrants] [Or but ONLY for Single Name 
Warrants and First-to-Default Warrants and the 
Settlement Type is American Settlement: Physical 
Settlement, pursuant to Condition 1.1.1 of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked 
Warrants] 
 
(i) 
[Alternative 
Physical 
Settlement: 
[Applicable] [Not applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Alternative 
Physical Delivery 
Amount:  
[Not applicable] 
[As per Condition 
2 of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked 
Warrants]]

--- Page 113 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
113 
 
 
(C) 
Final Value: 
[Fixed Recovery: [specify] per cent.] 
Floating Recovery w ith Auction Method: the Final 
Value 
is to be determined 
pursuant 
to a 
Transaction Auction Settlement Terms and if a 
Transaction Auction Settlement Terms is published 
on or before 140 Business Days follow ing the 
Credit Event Determination Date, that provides for 
the valuation of obligations of a Reference Entity in 
respect of w hich a Credit Event has occurred, 
subject to the occurrence of a Fallback Settlement 
Event, means the Auction Final Price (as specified 
in the relevant Transaction Auction Settlement 
Terms 
and 
expressed 
as 
a 
percentage) 
determined, if any, under such Transaction Auction 
Settlement Terms and applicable to the seniority of 
the 
Reference 
Obligation 
or 
if a Fallback 
Settlement Event occurs or no Transaction Auction 
Settlement Terms is published on or before 140 
Business 
Days 
follow ing 
the 
Credit 
Event 
Determination 
Date, 
means 
the 
amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the Credit 
Valuation Date as follow s: 
(x) the Final Price if there is only one Selected 
Obligation; or 
(y) the w eighted average of the Final Prices of the 
Selected Obligations if the latter are a portfolio, 
in each case, minus the Valuation Hedging Cost for 
such Selected Obligation(s).] 
[Floating 
Recovery 
w ith 
Quotation 
Dealers 
Method: The Final Value means the amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the Credit 
Valuation Date (as such term is defined in 
Condition 2 of the Additional Terms and Conditions 
for Credit Linked Warrants) as follow s: 
(x) the Final Price (as such term is defined in 
Condition 2 of the Additional Terms and Conditions 
for Credit Linked Warrants) if there is only one 
Selected Obligation; or 
(y) the w eighted average of the Final Prices of the 
Selected Obligations (as such term is defined in 
Condition 2 of the Additional Terms and Conditions 
for Credit Linked Warrants) if the latter are a 
portfolio, 
in each case, minus the Valuation Hedging Cost 
(as such term is defined in Condition 2 of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked 
Warrants) for such Selected Obligation(s).]

--- Page 114 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
114 
 
[If Physical Settlement: Not applicable] 
 
(D) 
Unwind Costs: 
[Specify amount for the purposes of the Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants] 
[Standard Unw ind Costs, as such term is defined 
in Condition 
2 of the Additional 
Terms and 
Conditions 
for Credit 
Linked 
Warrants] [Not 
applicable: the Unw ind Costs in respect of each 
Warrant w ill be equal to zero] 
 
(c) 
Provisions relating 
to 
Basket 
Warrants: 
[Applicable] [Not applicable]  
 
[If (iv) Not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs] 
 
(A) 
Relevant Proportion:  
As per Condition 2 of the Additional Terms and 
Conditions 
for Credit 
Linked 
Warrants, 
the 
proportion w hich one Warrant bears to the total 
number of Warrants outstanding 
 
 
(B) 
Aggregate Loss Amount: 
[If the Warrants are Basket Warrants which are not 
Tranche Warrants: means at any time for a Basket 
Warrant that is not a Tranche Warrant, the 
aggregate of the Loss Amount in respect of all 
Reference Entities in respect of w hich a Credit 
Event Determination Date has occurred] [If the 
Warrants are Tranche Warrants: means at any 
time for a Tranche Warrant, the low est of (i) the 
Tranche Notional Amount; and (ii) the highest of (x) 
zero and (y) the difference betw een (xx) the 
aggregate of the Loss Amount for all Reference 
Entities 
in respect of w hich a Credit 
Event 
Determination 
Date has occurred and (xy) the 
Tranche Subordination Amount.] 
 
(C) 
Loss Amount: 
[In respect of Basket Warrants and Tranche 
Warrants if N-to-M-to-Default is specified as Not 
applicable: In relation to each Reference Entity in 
respect of w hich a Credit Event Determination Date 
has occurred, an amount equal to the product of (i) 
the Reference Entity Notional Amount and (ii) the 
difference betw een the Reference Price and the 
Final Value, subject to a minimum of zero.] 
[In 
respect 
of 
Tranche 
Warrants 
if 
N-to-M-to-Default is specified as Applicable: In 
relation to each Reference Entity in respect of 
w hich a Credit Event Determination Date (as such 
term is defined in Condition 2 of the Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants) 
has occurred:

--- Page 115 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
115 
 
- w hich has a Ranking strictly low er than N: an 
amount equal to the product of (i) the Reference 
Entity Notional Amount and (ii) the Reference 
Price; 
- w hich has a Ranking higher than or equal to N 
and low er than or equal to M: an amount equal to 
the product of (i) the Reference Entity Notional 
Amount and (ii) the difference betw een the 
Reference Price and the Final Value, subject to a 
minimum of zero; 
- w hich has a Ranking strictly higher than M: an 
amount equal to zero.] 
 
(D) 
Reference Entity Notional 
Amount: 
[Specify for the purposes of Condition 2 of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked 
Warrants] [For each Reference Entity comprised in 
the Reference Portfolio: the amount equal to the 
product of the Reference Entity Weighting and the 
Reference Portfolio Notional Amount] 
 
(E) 
Tranche Warrants: 
[Applicable] [Not applicable] 
[If (d) Not applicable, delete the remaining] 
 
(1) 
Tranche 
Subordination 
Amount: 
[The 
Reference 
Portfolio 
Notional 
Amount 
multiplied by the Attachment Point][Specify for the 
purposes of Condition 2 of the Additional Terms 
and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants] 
 
(2) 
Tranche Notional 
Amount: 
[Specify for the purposes of Condition 2 of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked 
Warrants] [The 
Aggregate 
Warrant 
Notional 
Amount] 
 
(3) 
N-to-M-to 
Default: 
[Applicable] [Not applicable] 
[If Not applicable, delete the three lines below: 
N = [number corresponding to the Ranking starting 
at which the Aggregate Loss Amount will be an 
amount greater than zero] 
M = [number corresponding to the Ranking above 
which the Aggregate Loss Amount ceases to 
increase] 
P = [number of Reference Entities within the 
Reference Portfolio] 
 
(4) 
Attachment 
Point: 
[If the Warrants are Tranche Warrants with 
N-to-M-to-Default is Not applicable: [Specify for the 
purposes of Condition 2 of the Additional Terms 
and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants]%] [If

--- Page 116 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
116 
 
N-to-M-to-Default 
is specified as Applicable: 
[(N-1)/P]%] 
 
(5) 
Detachment 
Point: 
[If the Warrants are Tranche Warrants with 
N-to-M-to-Default is Not applicable: [Specify for the 
purposes of Condition 2 of the Additional Terms 
and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants]%]] [If 
N-to-M-to-Default 
is specified as Applicable: 
[M/P]%] 
 
(F) 
Reference 
Portfolio 
Notional Amount: 
[Specify for the purposes of Condition 2 of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked 
Warrants] [Tranche Warrants and N-to-M: An 
amount equal to the Aggregate Warrant Notional 
Amount divided by the difference betw een the 
Detachment 
Point 
and the Attachment Point] 
[Basket Warrants: an amount 
equal 
to the 
Aggregate Warrant Notional Amount] 
 
(G) 
Reference Price: 
[Specify for the purposes of Condition 2 of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked 
Warrants] [[Insert the percentage]%] 
[For each Reference Entity comprised in the 
Reference Portfolio: the percentage specified as 
such in "Annex for Credit Linked Warrants" hereto 
or, if not specified, 100%.] 
 
(H) 
Reference 
Entity 
Weighting: 
[Specify for the purposes of Condition 2 of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked 
Warrants][For each Reference Entity comprised in 
the Reference Portfolio: the proportion specified as 
such in "Annex for Credit Linked Warrants" hereto 
w hich w ill be adjusted in accordance w ith the 
provisions of the Additional Terms and Conditions 
for Credit Linked Warrants] 
 
(d) 
Transaction Type: 
[For Single Name Warrants: As specified in the 
“Annex for Credit Linked Warrants" hereto] 
[For Basket Warrants (which by definition include 
Tranche Warrants) and FTD Warrants: For each 
Reference Entity comprised in the Reference 
Portfolio, as specified in the “Annex for Credit 
Linked Warrants" hereto] 
 
(e) 
[Deliverable/Selected] 
Obligation(s): 
[[If Cash Settlement and Fixed Recovery: Not 
applicable] [Applicable]] 
 
[If (vi) Not applicable, delete the remaining] 
 
(A) 
[Deliverable/Selected] 
Obligation Category: 
[For 
Single 
Name 
Warrants: 
The 
[Deliverable/Selected] 
Obligation 
Category 
specified in the “Annex for Credit Linked Warrants" 
hereto] [For Basket Warrants (which by definition 
include Tranche Warrants) and FTD Warrants: For

--- Page 117 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
117 
 
each Reference Entity comprised in the Reference 
Portfolio, the [Deliverable] [Selected] Obligation 
Category specified in the “Annex for Credit Linked 
Warrants" hereto] 
 
(B) 
[Deliverable/Selected] 
Obligation 
Characteristics: 
[For 
Single 
Name 
Warrants: 
The 
[Deliverable/Selected] 
Obligation 
Characteristics 
specified in the “Annex for Credit Linked Warrants"] 
[For Basket Warrants (which by definition include 
Tranche Warrants) and FTD Warrants: For each 
Reference Entity comprised in the Reference 
Portfolio, the [Deliverable] [Selected] Obligation 
Characteristics specified in the “Annex for Credit 
Linked Warrants" below ] 
 
(C) 
Other 
[Deliverable/Selected] 
Obligations: 
[Specify any additional obligation for the purposes 
of Condition 2 of the Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants] [None] 
 
(f) 
First Credit Event 
Occurrence 
Date: 
[Specify date for the purposes of Condition 2 of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked 
Warrants] 
 
(g) 
Scheduled 
Last 
Credit 
Event 
Occurrence Date: 
[Specify date for the purposes of Condition 2 of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked 
Warrants] [The 
[In respect of Uncertificated 
Swedish 
Warrants, 
Uncertificated 
Finnish 
Warrants or Uncertificated Norwegian Warrants: 
12th [If the Warrants are neither Uncertificated 
Swedish Warrants, nor Uncertificated Finnish 
Warrants, nor Uncertificated Norwegian Warrants: 
4th] Business Day immediately 
preceding the 
Scheduled Expiration Date] 
 
(h) 
Reference Entity(ies): 
[For Single Name Warrants: As specified in the 
“Annex for Credit Linked Warrants" hereto (or any 
Successor thereto)] 
[For Basket Warrants (which by definition include 
Tranche Warrants) and FTD Warrants: The 
Reference Entities comprised in the Reference 
Portfolio as described in the “Annex for Credit 
Linked Warrants" (or any Successor thereto)] 
 
(i) 
Multiple Successor(s): 
[For Single Name Warrants: Applicable / Not 
applicable] 
[For Basket Warrants (which by definition include 
Tranche Warrants) and FTD Warrants: Not 
relevant. The provisions of Condition 1.3 of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked 
Warrants do not apply. For the avoidance of doubt, 
splits into several resulting entities are dealt w ith in 
the definition of Successor as per Condition 2 of

--- Page 118 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
118 
 
the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit 
Linked Warrants.] 
 
(j) 
Reference Obligation(s): 
[CUSIP/ISIN: 
[Insert the identification number] 
[None]] 
[For Single Name Warrants: As specified in the 
Annex for Credit Linked Warrants hereto] 
[For Basket Warrants(which by definition include 
Tranche Warrants) and FTD Warrants: For each 
Reference Entity comprised in the Reference 
Portfolio, the Reference Obligation(s) specified in 
the “Annex for Credit Linked Warrants" hereto] 
 
(k) 
Credit Events: 
[For Single Name Warrants: The Credit Events 
specified in the “Annex for Credit Linked Warrants" 
hereto] 
[For Basket Warrants (which by definition include 
Tranche Warrants) and FTD Warrants: For each 
Reference Entity comprised in the Reference 
Portfolio, the Credit Event(s) specified in the 
“Annex for Credit Linked Warrants" hereto] 
 
(l) 
Notice 
of 
Publicly 
Available  
Information: 
[For Single Name Warrants: As specified in the 
“Annex for Credit Linked Warrants" hereto] 
[For Basket Warrants(which by definition include 
Tranche Warrants) and FTD Warrants: For each 
Reference Entity comprised in the Reference 
Portfolio, as specified in the “Annex for Credit 
Linked Warrants" hereto] 
 
(m) 
Obligation(s): 
 
 
(A) 
Obligation Category: 
[For Single Name Warrants: The 
Obligation 
Category specified in the “Annex for Credit Linked 
Warrants" hereto] 
[For Basket Warrants(which by definition include 
Tranche Warrants) and FTD Warrants: For each 
Reference Entity comprised in the Reference 
Portfolio, the Obligation Category specified in the 
“Annex for Credit Linked Warrants" hereto] 
 
(B) 
Obligation 
Characteristics: 
[For Single Name Warrants: The 
Obligation 
Characteristics specified the “Annex for Credit 
Linked Warrants" hereto] 
[For Basket Warrants (which by definition include 
Tranche Warrants) and FTD Warrants: For each 
Reference Entity comprised in the Reference 
Portfolio, the Obligation Characteristics specified in 
the “Annex for Credit Linked Warrants" hereto]

--- Page 119 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
119 
 
 
(C) 
Other Obligation: 
[Specify any additional obligation for the purposes 
of Condition 2 of the Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants] [None] 
 
(n) 
All Guarantees: 
[For Single Name Warrants: As specified in the 
“Annex for Credit Linked Warrants"] 
[For Basket Warrants(which by definition include 
Tranche Warrants) and FTD Warrants: For each 
Reference Entity comprised in the Reference 
Portfolio, as specified in the “Annex for Credit 
Linked Warrants"] 
 
(o) 
Additional Provisions relating to 
certain 
specific 
Reference 
Entities: 
[Applicable, if relevant, as per Conditions 1.7 of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked 
Warrants] [Not applicable] 
 
(p) 
Business Days (for the purposes 
of Condition 2 of the Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Credit 
Linked Warrants): 
[Specify for the purposes of Condition 2 of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked 
Warrants] [The Business Days specified in the 
“Annex for Credit Linked Warrants" hereto] 
 
(q) 
Reference Entities Switch and/or 
Settlement Date Extension at the 
option of the Issuer: 
[Not applicable] [Applicable as per Condition 1.10 
of the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit 
Linked Warrants.] 
The Reference Portfolio as described in “Annex for 
Credit Linked Warrants" hereto constitutes the 
components of the [specify the Initial Index Name] 
Serie [i] Version [j], as published by Markit on 
[specify the Website link]. 
By no later than [specify the date], the Issuer w ill 
have the right but not the obligation to apply 
Reference 
Entities 
Sw itch 
[and 
Settlement 
Extension]. 
Amended Reference Portfolio: components of the 
[specify the Initial Index Name] Series [i]+1, 
Version 1, to be published by Markit on [specify the 
Website link]. 
 
 
[Settlement 
Extension: 
Amended 
[Scheduled] 
Settlement Date: 
[specify the Amended [Scheduled] 
Settlement 
Date] 
 
(If (xvii) is Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraph) 
 
 
 
Notice Period: 
[Insert the number of days] days prior to the 
effective date of the Reference Entities Sw itch [and 
Settlement Date Extension].

--- Page 120 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
120 
 
 
(r) 
Other applicable options as per 
the 
Additional 
Terms 
and 
Conditions 
for 
Credit 
Linked 
Warrants: 
[Not applicable] 
[Specify 
the 
source 
of 
Publicly 
Available 
Information which must be used when the Public 
Source is different from the sources specified in the 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked 
Warrants] 
[Specify the Specified Number if such number is 
different from the Specified Number anticipated in 
the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit 
Linked Warrants] 
[If "Physical Settlement" applies: Specify if Include 
Deliverable/Selected Obligation Accrued Interest 
applies] 
[If "Cash Settlement" applies and one of the 
following options applies to the Warrants; Specify 
if [Include Deliverable/Selected Obligation Accrued 
Interest] 
or 
[Exclude 
Deliverable/Selected 
Obligation Accrued Interest] applies] 
[Specify the [Excluded Obligation], [Excluded 
Deliverable 
Obligation] 
[Excluded 
Selected 
Obligation] if different from the provisions of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked 
Warrants] 
[Specify 
if 
Non-Reference 
Entity 
Original 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation is applicable] 
[Specify if Substitution Event Early Termination is 
not applicable] 
[Specify Trigger Percentage 
applicable to a 
Reference Entity if applicable] 
[Specify Principal Credit Factor if different from 
100%] 
[Specify Principal Loss Factor if different from 
100%] 
[Specify Domestic Currency if different from the 
provisions of the Additional Terms and Conditions 
for Credit Linked Warrants] 
[Only if Condition 3 “Additional Provisions related 
to CDS Spread” applies: 
[Specify adjustment spread if applicable] 
[Specify external provider for Reference Entity 
Spread if Dealer Poll Method is not applicable]

--- Page 121 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
121 
 
[Reference Entity Spread Method: [Dealer Poll 
Method][External Provider Method]] 
[Specify the External Provider Time if different from 
15:00 London time] 
[Specify the Quotation Deadline Time if different 
from 17:00 London time] 
[Specify the Quotation Method if different from 
Offer] 
[Specify the Reference CDS Currency if different 
from that specified in the Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants] 
[Specify the Reference CDS Maturity if different 
from 5-year] 
[Specify if Switch Option is not applicable] 
[Specify if Credit Index Option is applicable] 
[Specify if Limited Recourse Provisions are 
applicable]]] 
 
(vi) 
Bond Linked Warrants Provisions: 
[Not 
applicable] 
[Applicable, 
subject 
to 
the 
provisions of the Additional Terms and Conditions 
for Bond Linked Warrants] 
 
[If Not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs] 
 
(a) 
Type of Bond Linked Warrants: 
[Single Bond Linked Warrants] [Basket Bond 
Linked Warrants]  
 
(b) 
Terms relating to Settlement: 
 
 
(A) 
Settlement Type: 
[American Settlement] [European Settlement] (NB: 
American Settlement only if Single Bond Linked 
Warrants) 
 
(B) 
Bond Final Value: 
[Fixed Recovery: [Insert the percentage] per cent.] 
[Floating 
Recovery: 
For 
each 
Bond, 
the 
percentage determined by the Calculation Agent 
as follow s: 
(i) 
the Bond Final Price; 
(ii) 
plus, if any, any partial or total repayment 
in cash of the Bond w hich w ould have 
been paid to the holders of the Bond 
under the Bond as of the Bond Final 
Value Determination Date as determined

--- Page 122 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
122 
 
by the Calculation Agent, expressed as a 
percentage of the Bond Notional Amount; 
(iii) 
plus, if any, the price (expressed as a 
percentage 
of 
the 
Bond 
Notional 
Amount), calculated 
using a method 
similar to that to determine the Bond Final 
Price, of any Warrants w hich w ould have 
been delivered to the holders of the Bond 
under the Bond as of the Bond Final 
Value Determination Date as determined 
by the Calculation Agent; 
(iv) 
minus the Valuation Hedging Cost; 
(v) 
[minus any amount due and payable 
under the Bond in accordance w ith the 
terms and conditions of the Bond as in 
force and effect as of the Issue Date 
(expressed as a percentage of the Bond 
Notional Amount) w hich is still unpaid at 
the Bond Final Value Determination Date, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent.]] 
[The Bond Final Value is subject to a minimum of 
zero per cent. and to a maximum of 100 per cent.] 
[The Bond Final Value is subject to a minimum of 
zero per cent. and may be higher than one hundred 
per cent. (100%).] 
 
(C) 
Auction Period for the 
purposes of the Bond 
Final Price determination: 
[Specify number] consecutive Business Days 
(as defined in paragraph 23(xi)) 
 
(D) 
Bond Final Price Accrued 
Interest: 
[Excluding Accrued Interest] / [Including Accrued 
Interest] [Not Applicable] 
 
(E) 
Breakage Cost Amount: 
[Not Applicable: the Breakage Cost Amount w ill be 
equal to zero] [Applicable: means an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent expressed in 
the Settlement Currency of the Warrants using the 
Relevant Spot Exchange Rate on the relevant 
calculation 
date(s), 
as 
determined 
by 
the 
Calculation Agent, equal to the fees, costs and 
expenses 
arising 
directly 
or 
indirectly, 
in 
connection 
w ith 
(i) 
terminating, 
unw inding, 
realizing or enforcing any repurchase transaction 
(if any) w ith the Bond as underlying asset, the 
purpose of w hich is to refinance the relevant Bond 
and (ii) entering into, trading or increasing any 
repurchase transaction (or any transaction w ith 
similar purposes) w ith the Collateral Assets (if any) 
as underlying asset, the purpose of w hich is to 
refinance the Collateral Assets (if any). For the 
avoidance of doubt, the Breakage Cost Amount

--- Page 123 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
123 
 
may be a positive amount (if to be received by 
Societe Generale or any of its Affiliates) or a 
negative amount (if to be paid by Societe Generale 
or any of its Affiliates)] 
 
(F) 
Relevant Proportion: 
[Specify as per Condition 2 of the Additional Terms 
and Conditions for Bond Linked Warrants.] 
 
(c) 
Provisions relating to Basket Bond 
Linked Warrants: 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable] 
 
[If Not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs] 
 
(A) 
[Aggregate Loss Amount: 
[Specify as per Condition 2 of the Additional Terms 
and Conditions for Bond Linked Warrants.] 
 
(B) 
[Loss Amount: 
[Specify as per Condition 2 of the Additional Terms 
and Conditions for Bond Linked Warrants.] 
 
(C) 
Reference 
Portfolio 
Notional Amount: 
[Specify as per Condition 2 of the Additional Terms 
and Conditions for Bond Linked Warrants.] 
 
(D) 
Reference Price: 
[specify] [[Specify for the purposes of Condition 3 
of the Additional Terms and Conditions for Bond 
Linked Warrants] per cent.] [For each Bond 
comprised in the Reference Portfolio: [Specify for 
the purposes of Condition 3 of the Additional Terms 
and Conditions for Bond Linked Warrants] per 
cent.] / the amount specified as such in paragraph 
"Tables" below ]  
 
(E) 
Bond Weighting: 
Specify as per Condition 2 of the Additional Terms 
and Conditions for Bond Linked Warrants.] [For 
each Bond: the amount specified as such in 
paragraph "Tables" below ] 
 
(d) 
First Bond Event Occurrence Date: 
[Specify for the purposes of Condition 3 of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Bond Linked 
Warrants]  
 
(e) 
Last Bond Event Occurrence Date: 
[Specify for the purposes of Condition 3 of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Bond Linked 
Warrants] per cent.] 
 
(f) 
Bond(s): 
[For Single Bond Linked Warrants: The Bond 
described in paragraph "Tables" below ] 
[For Basket Bond Linked Warrants: The Bonds 
comprised in the Reference Portfolio as described 
in paragraph Tables below ] 
 
(g) 
Bond Currency: 
[For Single Bond Linked Warrants: The Bond 
Currency described in paragraph "Tables" below ] 
[For Basket Bond Linked Warrants: The Bond 
Currency described in respect of the Bonds

--- Page 124 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
124 
 
comprised in the Reference Portfolio as described 
in paragraph "Tables" below ] 
 
(h) 
Bond Notional Amount: 
[For Single Bond Linked Warrants: On the Issue 
Date, the Bond Notional Amount in the Bond 
Currency, each as described in paragraph "Tables" 
below  and thereafter as modified in accordance 
w ith the definition of "Bond Notional Amount" in the 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Bond Linked 
Warrants.] 
[For Basket Bond Linked Warrants: On the Issue 
Date, the Bond Notional Amount in the Bond 
Currency described in respect of the Bonds 
comprised in the Reference Portfolio, all as 
described in paragraph 
"Tables" 
below  and 
thereafter as modified in accordance w ith the 
definition 
of "Bond Notional 
Amount" in the 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Bond Linked 
Warrants] 
 
(i) 
Bond Events: 
[For Single Bond Linked Warrants: The Bond 
Events specified in paragraph Tables below ] 
[For Basket Bond Linked Warrants: For each Bond 
comprised in the Reference Portfolio, the Bond 
Event(s) specified in paragraph Tables below ] 
 
(j) 
Notice 
of 
Publicly 
Available  
Information:  
[Applicable] / [Not applicable] 
 
(k) 
Business Days (for the purposes 
of 
the Additional 
Terms and 
Conditions 
for 
Bond 
Linked 
Warrants): 
[Specify for the purposes of Condition 3 of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Bond Linked 
Warrants] 
 
(l) 
Other applicable options as per 
the 
Additional 
Terms 
and 
Conditions 
for 
Bond 
Linked 
Warrants: 
[Specify the number of Business Days which must 
be used in relation to the definition of First 
Quotation Day if such number is different from the 
number anticipated in the Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Bond 
Linked Warrants] [Not 
applicable] 
[Specify 
the 
source 
of 
Publicly 
Available 
Information which must be used when the Public 
Source is different from the sources specified in the 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Bond Linked 
Warrants] 
[Specify applicable Auction Period for the purposes 
of Condition 3 of the Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Bond Linked Warrants] 
[Specify the Specified Number if such number is 
different from the Specified Number anticipated in

--- Page 125 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
125 
 
the Additional Terms and Conditions for Bond 
Linked Warrants] 
 
(m) 
Tables: 
 
 
 
[Insert the following table if the type of Bond Linked Warrants is Single Bond Linked 
Warrants: 
 
 
Bond Issuer 
Bond 
Guarantor [if 
any [if none 
then delete 
relevant 
column]] 
Underlying 
Borrower [if 
any [if none 
then delete 
relevant 
column]] 
Bond ISIN 
Code 
Bond 
Currency 
Bond 
Notional 
Amount 
Maturity  
 
 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[]] 
 
 
[For the following tables, add as many lines as necessary: 
 
 
[Insert the following table if the type of Bond Linked Warrants is Basket Bond Linked 
Warrants: 
 
 
Reference Portfolio: 
 
 
 
Bond Issuer Bond 
Guarantor 
[if any [if 
none then 
delete 
relevant 
column]] 
Bond ISIN 
Code 
Underlyin
g 
Borrower 
[if any [if 
none then 
delete 
relevant 
column]] 
Bond 
Weighting 
Bond 
Currency 
Maturity 
Bond 
Notional 
Amount 
Reference 
Price 
 
 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
 
[]] 
 
 
[For all Basket Bond Linked Warrants where there is more than one Bond, split the Bond 
ISIN Code column into the relevant number of columns): 
 
 
Terms applicable to a Bond are the ones specified in the table below . 
 
 
In the table below , "X" means "applicable" 
 
 
Bond Events 
 
[insert Bond ISIN Code] 
 
 
Bond Acceleration  
 
[X] 
 
 
Bond Default 
 
[X] 
 
 
Bond Early Redemption 
 
[X] 
 
 
Bond Restructuring 
 
[X] 
 
 
Bond Failure to Pay  
 
[X] 
 
 
Bond Governmental Intervention 
 
[X]  
 
 
Bond Issuer ISDA Event 
 
[X] 
DEFINITIONS  
26. 
(i) 
Definitions relating to date(s): 
[Applicable] [Not applicable]

--- Page 126 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
126 
 
 
 
[- 
Insert any relevant date(s): 
[Insert date(s)]]  
 
(ii) 
Definitions relating to the Product: 
[Applicable, 
subject 
to 
the 
provisions 
of 
Condition 
4 of the Additional 
Terms 
and 
Conditions relating to Formulae] [Applicable. All 
or part of the definitions relating to the Product 
being those used in the Additional Terms and 
Conditions relating to Formulae.] [Applicable, 
subject to the provisions of the Additional Terms 
and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and 
Turbo Warrants] [Not applicable] 
 
 
[NB: Add as many lines as necessary] 
 
 
[- 
Insert any relevant defined term(s) 
applicable to settlement and the 
underlying(s) (if 
any), 
from the 
Additional Terms 
and Conditions 
relating to Formulae/Additional Terms 
and Conditions relating to Fixed 
Leverage and Turbo Warrants: 
[Replicate 
the 
relevant 
definition(s) 
corresponding to the Reference of the Product 
from] [Specify] [Condition [1][2][3][4[5] of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to 
Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants][Condition 
[1][2][3][4][5] 
of the Additional 
Terms 
and 
Conditions relating to Formulae] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO SECURED WARRANTS 
27. 
Secured Warrant Provisions:  
[Not applicable] 
[Applicable, subject to the 
provisions 
of 
the 
Additional 
Terms 
and 
Conditions relating to Secured Warrants] 
[If 
Not 
applicable, delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs] 
 
(i) 
Collateral Pool: 
[Specify for the purposes of Conditions 1 and 
2.4.1 of the Additional Terms and Conditions 
relating to Secured Warrants]  
 
(ii) 
Type of Collateral Pool: 
[Single Issue Collateral Pool] [Multiple Issue 
Collateral Pool]  
 
(iii) 
Type of Collateralisation: 
[MV 
Collateralisation] 
[NV 
Collateralisation] 
[Max (MV, NV) Collateralisation] [Min (MV, NV) 
Collateralisation] 
 
 
Collateral Valuation at Nominal Value: 
[Not applicable] [Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Eligibility Criteria: 
[Specify for the purposes of Condition 1 of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to 
Secured Warrants]  
 
(v) 
Collateral Rules: 
[Specify for the purposes of Condition 1 and 
2.4.1 of the Additional Terms and Conditions 
relating to Secured Warrants]  
 
(vi) 
Collateralisation Percentage: 
[Specify the percentage or the formula for 
calculating this percentage] [Where Max (MV, 
NV) 
Collateralisation 
or 
Min 
(MV, 
NV)

--- Page 127 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
127 
 
Collateralisation 
is 
applicable, 
specify 
percentage level for MV and NV Collateralisation 
if different] 
[Specify where the Collateralisation Percentage 
may vary after a certain date, following the 
occurrence of a trigger event or following a 
unanimous decision of the Warrantholders] 
[Where the Collateralisation Percentage may 
vary following an unanimous decision of the 
Warrantholders, specify a notification period] 
 
(vii) 
Haircuts: 
[Not applicable] [Applicable. [specify details of 
the haircut to be applied in relation to each type 
or class of Collateral Asset]]  
 
(viii) 
Collateral Test Dates: 
[Specify for the purposes of Condition 1 of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to 
Secured Warrants] [No periodic Collateral Test 
Dates]  
 
(ix) 
Collateral Substitution: 
[Not applicable][Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Waiver of Rights: 
[Not applicable][Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Early 
Termination 
Settlement 
Amount 
following the occurrence of a Collateral 
Disruption Event: 
[Market Value as per Condition 5.9] [Specify for 
the purposes of Condition 2.6 of the Additional 
Terms and Conditions relating to Secured 
Warrants] 
 
(xii) 
Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets: 
[Not applicable][Applicable] 
 
[If Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets is Not applicable, delete the following subparagraph] 
 
 
[- 
Method of transfer of Collateral 
Assets in respect of Collateral Assets 
Entitlement: 
[Delivery through Clearstream or Euroclear or 
any other relevant clearance institution (the 
Collateral Assets Clearing System) unless the 
Collateral Assets are not eligible for clearance by 
the Collateral Assets Clearing System, in w hich 
case transfer w ill take 
place outside the 
Collateral Assets Clearing System.]] 
 
(xiii) 
Order of Priority: 
[The Standard Order of Priority (as such term is 
defined in Condition 4.5 of the Additional Terms 
and Conditions relating to Secured Warrants) 
applies] [Insert any alternative Order of Priority 
pursuant to the definition of "Order of Priority" in 
Condition 4.5 of the Additional Terms and 
Conditions relating to Secured Warrants]  
 
(xiv) 
Other 
applicable 
options 
as 
per 
the 
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to 
Secured Warrants: 
[Not applicable] 
[Where the Collateral Valuation Currency is 
Euro, specify where the Collateral Valuation 
Currency Screen Page and the Collateral

--- Page 128 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
128 
 
Valuation Currency Specified Time differ from 
the Collateral Valuation Currency Screen Page 
and the Collateral Valuation Currency Specified 
Time specified in the Additional Terms and 
Conditions relating to Secured Warrants] 
[Where the Collateral Valuation Currency is 
other than Euro, specify the Collateral Valuation 
Currency, the Collateral Valuation Currency 
Screen Page and the Collateral Valuation 
Currency Specified Time] 
[Predetermined 
Collateral Valuation Currency 
Rate of Exchange is applicable] 
[Where 
Predetermined 
Collateral Valuation 
Currency Rate of Exchange is applicable specify 
the 
predetermined 
rate 
of 
the 
Collateral 
Valuation Currency] 
[Specify where a different Valuation Point shall 
be used] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE WARRANTS 
28. 
Provisions applicable to payment date(s): 
 
 
 
Payment Business Day: 
[Follow ing Payment Business Day] [Modified 
Follow ing Payment Business Day]  
 
[NB: "Payment Business Day" election in accordance with Condition [4.9]/[4.9] of the General Terms and 
Conditions] 
 
 
Financial Centre(s): 
[Insert the financial centre(s)] 
[In respect of Credit Linked Warrant with 
Physical 
Settlement: 
[Insert 
the 
financial 
centre(s)] and solely for the purposes of physical 
settlement, if applicable, a day in any other 
jurisdiction in w hich a bank must be open in 
order to effect settlement of any Deliverable 
Obligations being Delivered] 
29. 
Form of the Warrants: 
[[Registered Global Warrant registered in the 
name of a nominee for a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream] [specify]] 
[If French law Warrants in materialised form: 
Materialised 
Warrants: 
Temporary 
Global 
Certificate] 
[If French law Warrants in dematerialised form: 
Dematerialised Warrants: Bearer dematerialised 
form (au porteur)]

--- Page 129 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
129 
 
[If EUI Warrants: EUI Warrants in book-entry 
form issued, 
cleared and 
settled 
through 
Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited (CREST). Direct 
CREST Settlement] 
[If 
Uncertificated 
Swedish 
Warrants: 
Uncertificated Sw edish Warrants in book entry 
form issued, 
cleared and 
settled 
through 
Euroclear 
Sw eden in accordance w ith the 
Sw edish Central Securities Depositaries and 
Financial 
Instruments 
Accounts Act 
(SFS 
1998:1479), as amended] 
[If 
Uncertificated 
Finnish 
Warrants: 
Uncertificated Finnish Warrants in book entry 
form issued, 
cleared and 
settled 
through 
Euroclear Finland in accordance w ith the Finnish 
Act on the Book-Entry System and Clearing 
Operations (Fi. Laki arvo-osuusjärjestelmästä ja 
selvitystoiminnasta 348/2017), 
as amended 
and/or re-enacted from time to time, and the 
Finnish Act on Book-Entry Accounts (Fi. Laki 
arvo-osuustileistä 
827/1991), 
as 
amended 
and/or re-enacted from time to time. 
[If Uncertificated Italian Warrants: Uncertificated 
Italian Warrants in book entry form issued, 
cleared and settled through [Monte Titoli S.p.A. 
in accordance w ith the Italian Financial Services 
Act (Legislative Decree 24 February 1998, No. 
58), as amended.] [Specify] 
[If 
Uncertificated 
Norwegian 
Warrants: 
Uncertificated Norw egian Warrants in book entry 
form issued, cleared and settled through the 
Verdipapirsentralen ASA in accordance w ith the 
Norw egian Financial Securities Register Act (Act 
no. 64 2002), as amended] 
[If 
Uncertificated 
Spanish 
Warrants: 
Uncertificated Spanish Warrants in book entry 
form issued, 
cleared and 
settled 
through 
Ibearclear in accordance w ith Article 6 of the 
Spanish 
Restated 
Securities 
Market 
Act 
approved by the Royal Decree Law  4/2015, of 23 
October (as amended from time to time, the 
“SMA”).] 
[If Uncertificated SIS Warrants: Uncertificated 
Sw iss Warrants in book entry form issued, 
cleared and settled through SIX SIS Ltd or any 
other 
clearing 
institution 
in 
Sw itzerland 
recognised for such purposes by SIX Sw iss 
Exchange.]

--- Page 130 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
130 
 
30. 
Consolidation: 
[Applicable as per Condition [13.2]/[13.2] of the 
General Terms and Conditions] [Not applicable] 
 
[If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs] 
 
(i) 
Consolidation Settlement Date: 
[Not applicable] [Market Value as per Condition 
[13.2]/[13.2]] 
 
(ii) 
Consolidation Notice Period: 
[Specify the Consolidation Notice Period for the 
purposes of Condition [13.2]/[13.2] 
of the 
General Terms and Conditions] 
 
(iii) 
Consolidation Effective Date:  
[Specify applicable Consolidation Effective Date 
for the purposes of Condition [13.2]/[13.2] of the 
General Terms and Conditions.] 
 
(iv) 
Consolidation Settlement Date: 
[Specify Consolidation Settlement Date for the 
purposes of Condition [13.2]/[13.2] 
of the 
General Terms and Conditions] 
31. 
Portfolio Linked Warrant Provisions: 
[Not applicable] [Applicable, subject to the 
provisions 
of 
the 
Additional 
Terms 
and 
Conditions for Portfolio Linked Warrants] 
[If 
Not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs] 
 
(i) 
Basket Component(s): 
As specified in "Annex for Portfolio Linked 
Warrants" 
 
(ii) 
Debt Instrument(s): 
[Applicable, as specified in "Annex for Portfolio 
Linked Warrants"] [Not applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Commodity Instrument(s): 
[Applicable, as specified in "Annex for Portfolio 
Linked Warrants"] [Not applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Derivatives Instrument(s): 
[Applicable, as specified in "Annex for Portfolio 
Linked Warrants"] [Not applicable] 
 
(v) 
Equity Instrument(s): 
[Applicable, as specified in "Annex for Portfolio 
Linked Warrants"] [Not applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Market Data: 
[Applicable, as specified in "Annex for Portfolio 
Linked Warrants"] [Not applicable] 
[NB: If Substitution of the Issuer is Not applicable, insert the following paragraph: 
32. 
Substitution of the Issuer: 
Not applicable] 
[NB: if Gross-up provision is Not applicable, insert the following paragraph: 
33. 
Taxation: 
Gross-up provision is not applicable]

--- Page 131 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
131 
 
[In the case of Warrants to be listed to SIX Swiss Exchange only: RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer and the Guarantor, if any, accepts the responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. To 
the best of the know ledge and belief of the Issuer [and the Guarantor] the information contained in these Final Terms is 
in accordance w ith all the facts and no material facts or circumstances have been omitted.] 
[NB: The applicable Final Terms should be signed by the Issuer and the Guarantor, as the case may be, in those 
jurisdictions in which the Issuer and the Guarantor, as the case may be, is legally required to sign or in which market 
practice dictates that it should. The signature block may be deleted in those jurisdictions in which neither of the above 
applies. 
[Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By: 
Duly authorised] 
 
[Signed on behalf of the Guarantor: 
 
By: 
 
Duly authorised]

--- Page 132 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
132 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing: 
[If no listing: None] [Application has been made 
for the Warrants to be listed on [the official list of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange] [SIX Sw iss 
Exchange] [[Specify other]]  
 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
[In the case of a trading on a non EU or 
non-United Kingdom regulated market or where 
no admission to trading is to occur: Not 
applicable] [Application has been made for the 
Warrants to be admitted to trading on [the 
Regulated 
Market 
of the Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange] 
[Specify other] [In the case of 
admission to trading on SIX Swiss Exchange: SIX 
Sw iss Exchange] w ith effect from [or as soon as 
practicable after] [the Issue Date]] 
[There can be no assurance that the listing 
and trading of the Warrants will be approved 
with effect on [the Issue Date] or at all.] 
[Where documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that original securities are already 
admitted to trading:] [[insert title of the Warrants 
related to the previous Issue] issued on [insert 
date] are already admitted to trading on [●]] 
 
(iii) 
Information required for Warrants to be listed 
on SIX Swiss Exchange: 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable]  
 
[If (iii) Not Applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs] 
 
 
[- 
Listing/Trading information: 
 
 
 
(a) 
Trading Size and Ratio: 
Warrants can only be traded in the Notional 
Amount and integral multiples of the Notional 
Amount [Minimum and maximum trading size and 
the standard exercise ratio] 
 
 
(b) 
First Trading Day: 
[Insert the first trading day]  
 
 
(c) 
Last Trading Day and Time: 
[Insert the last trading day and, in the case of 
derivatives, the time of day at which trading shall 
cease ] 
 
 
(d) 
Swiss ticker symbol: 
[Insert the Swiss ticker symbol] 
 
 
(e) 
Type of quoting: 
Not Applicable  
 
 
(f) 
Capital Protection: 
No capital protection 
 
 
 
Additional information:

--- Page 133 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
133 
 
 
 
(g) 
Fees charged by the Issuer 
to 
the 
Warrantholders 
post-issuance: 
[Insert the fees] [None] 
 
 
(h) 
Name and address of the 
representative 
for 
purposes of article 58a of 
the Listing Rules of SIX 
Swiss Exchange: 
[Societe Generale, Paris, Zurich Branch, Talacker 
50, 8021 Zurich, Sw itzerland.] [Insert name and 
address of the relevant representatives if different 
from the foregoing] 
 
 
(i) 
No 
material 
adverse 
change: 
[Save as disclosed in the Base Prospectus (as 
amended by supplements from time to time), 
there has been no material adverse change, nor 
any event involving 
a prospective material 
adverse change in the financial and trading 
position of the Issuer [and the Guarantor] since 
the date of the Base Prospectus (as amended by 
supplements from time to time)]  
 
 
(j) 
Swiss tax information: 
[Insert any tax information required by section 
3.2.12 of scheme F of SIX Swiss Exchange.] 
[Warrantholders are advised to consult w ith their 
professional tax advisors as to the respective 
Sw iss tax consequences of the purchase, 
ow nership, disposition or settlement of Warrants.] 
 
 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
[The Warrants to be issued have [not] been rated [Specify rating(s) of Warrants being issued] [by [Specify 
rating agency(ies).]  
 
[If credit ratings are assigned to Warrants at the request or with the cooperation of the Issuer in the rating 
process, need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the rating if this has previously been published 
by the rating provider.] 
 
[The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to Warrants of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been specifically rated, that rating.] 
[Such credit rating[s] [has been] [are] issued by [a] credit rating agency[ies] established in the European Union 
or in the United Kingdom, registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council dated 16 September 2009 (as amended) and are included in the list of credit rating agencies 
registered in accordance w ith the CRA Regulation published on the European Securities and Markets 
Authority's w ebsite (w ww.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs).] 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER  
 
[Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the issue/offer, 
detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of the following 
statement: 
Save for any fees payable to the [Dealer, so] [Offeror(s), so] [Dealer and Offerors(s), so] [So] far as the Issuer 
is aw are, no person involved in the issue of the Warrants has an interest material to the offer.]

--- Page 134 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
134 
 
[Amend as appropriate if there are other interests and include references to the Manager(s) if the issue is 
syndicated and if applicable.] 
 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
(i) 
Use of proceeds: 
[Specify the use of proceeds] [Not applicable] (If 
the issuer is aware that the estimated proceeds 
will not be sufficient to finance all intended uses, 
indicate the amount and source of the necessary 
additional funds) 
[NB: Reasons for the offer and use of proceeds 
must be specified in case of Warrants listed on 
SIX Swiss Exchange] 
 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] [Not applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Estimated total expenses: 
[●] [Not applicable]  
5. 
PERFORMANCE OF FORMULA, EXPLANATION OF EFFECT ON VALUE OF INVESTMENT  
 
[Not Applicable] [Need to include a clear and comprehensive explanation of how the value of the investment 
is affected by the underlying and the circumstances when the risks are most evident.] 
[Information on the Underlying, its volatility and its past and future performance can be obtained, 
[gratuitously]/[on a paying basis], from [●]/[give details of the electronic means of obtaining details of the 
performance.] 
[Information on the Index, its volatility and past and future performance can be obtained, [free of charge]/[for a 
fee], from [●]/[give details of electronic means of obtaining details of the performance.]] 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(i) 
Security identification code(s): 
 
 
 
ISIN code: 
[Insert the code]  
 
[- 
Common code: 
[Insert the code]] 
 
[- 
Temporary ISIN code: 
[Insert the code]] 
 
[- 
Temporary Common code: 
[Insert the code]] 
 
[- 
Swiss 
security 
number 
(Valoren number): 
[Insert the Swiss security number]] 
 
[- 
[Insert 
other 
security 
identification code] 
[Insert the code]] 
 
[Add 
as 
many 
lines 
as 
necessary]

--- Page 135 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
135 
 
 
(ii) 
Clearing System(s): 
[give name(s) and address(es) of the relevant 
clearing system(s) and, if required, relevant 
identification number(s)] [Not applicable]  
 
(iii) 
Delivery of the Warrants: 
Delivery [against] [free of] payment  
 
(iv) 
Calculation Agent: 
[Societe 
Generale] 
[Specify any 
successor] 
[Specify Calculation Agent's address for the 
purposes of [English law: Condition 16.3] [French 
law: Condition 15.3] of the General Terms and 
Conditions] 
 
(v) 
Paying Agent(s): 
[Give name(s) and 
address(es) of Paying 
Agent(s) (including any additional agents under 
Condition [10]/[10] of the General Terms and 
Conditions)] 
[If EUI Warrants: [specify]] 
[If French Law Warrants: [specify]] 
[If Warrants held through Iberclear: [specify]] 
[If Uncertificated Warrants: [specify]] 
 
(vi) 
[Address and contact details of Societe 
Generale 
for 
all 
administrative 
communications relating to the Warrants: 
[Insert relevant details in the case of Credit Linked 
Warrants]] 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated] [Non-syndicated] 
 
[If syndicated: 
 
 
 
Names 
[and 
addresses 
and 
underwriting 
commitments] 
of 
Managers: 
[Not applicable] [give names [and addresses and 
underwriting commitments] of Managers] 
 
 
Date of Syndication Agreement: 
[Not applicable] [give date] 
 
[If non-syndicated:  
 
 
 
Names [and addresses and any 
underwriting commitment] of the 
Dealer(s): 
 [Not applicable] [give names [and addresses and 
underwriting commitments] of Dealers] 
 
(ii) 
Total commission and concession: 
[[●] per cent. of the aggregate Notional Amount] 
[There is no commission and/or concession paid 
by the Issuer to the [Dealer] [or the] [Managers] 
[Not applicable] [Specify other]] 
 
(iii) 
Non-exempt Offer Consent of the Issuer to 
use the Base Prospectus during the Offer 
Period: 
[Not applicable]

--- Page 136 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
136 
 
[A Non-exempt offer of the Warrants may be 
made by [the Managers] [the Dealer] [and [any 
Initial Authorised Offeror below  mentioned] 
[any Additional Authorised Offeror, the name 
and address of w hom w ill be published on the 
follow ing w ebsite of the Issuer [specify] [and] any 
[other] financial intermediaries to w hom the Issuer 
gives 
a 
General 
Consent 
(the 
General 
Authorised Offerors) in the Non-exempt Offer 
jurisdiction (Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction(s)) 
during the offer period (Offer Period) as specified 
in the paragraph "Terms And Conditions Of The 
Offer" below .] 
 
Individual Consent / Name(s) and address(es) 
of any Initial Authorised Offeror: 
[Not applicable] [Applicable [Insert the name and 
address of any initial authorised offeror]]] 
 
General 
Consent/ Other 
conditions 
to 
consent: 
[Not applicable] [Applicable] [Insert any other 
condition to consent if relevant] 
 
(iv) 
U.S. federal income tax considerations: 
[Insert if the Issuer has determined that the 
Warrants are NOT Specified Warrants: The 
Warrants are not Specified Warrants for purposes 
of the Section 871(m) Regulations.] 
[Insert if the Issuer has determined that the 
Warrants are Specified Warrants: The Issuer has 
determined 
that 
this 
Warrant 
substantially 
replicates the economic performance of one or 
more U.S. Underlying Equities (and as such, for 
the purposes of IRS Notice 2020-2, such Warrant 
is deemed a “delta-one” Warrant) and is therefore 
a Specified Warrant for purposes of the Section 
871(m) 
Regulations. 
Additional 
information 
regarding the application of the Section 871(m) 
Regulations on the Warrants is available on 
request at Societe Generale 
by contacting 
[specify the relevant email address]. 
[Section 871(m) Regulations’ w ithholding tax w ill 
be at a rate of [●] per cent. and w ill be w ithheld by 
[specify].] 
[Insert if the Issuer has determined that the 
Warrants 
are 
Zero 
Estimated 
Dividends 
Securities: The Issuer has determined that this 
Warrant is a Zero Estimated Dividends Security 
and as such, for the purposes of Treas. Reg. § 
1.871-15(i)(2)(iii)), the w ithholding tax to be 
applied to this Warrant is zero. ] 
[Insert if the Section 871(m) determination cannot 
be made on the date of the Final Terms: This 
information is indicative and will be updated

--- Page 137 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
137 
 
based on circumstances at the time the 
Warrants are issued.] 
 
(v) 
[Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If the Warrants clearly do not 
constitute 
"packaged" 
products 
or 
the 
Warrants do 
constitute "packaged" products and a key 
information document will be prepared, or on or 
after that date and the Warrants constitute 
"packaged" products for which a key information 
document will be prepared, "Not applicable" 
should be specified. If the Warrants may 
constitute "packaged" products and no key 
information document will be prepared or if the 
Issuer wants to prohibit offers to EEA retail 
investors for any other reason, "Applicable" 
should be specified)] 
 
(vi) 
[Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Warrants do not constitute “packaged” 
products 
or 
the 
Warrants 
do 
constitute 
"packaged" products and a key information 
document will be prepared, “Not Applicable” 
should be specified. If the Warrants may 
constitute “packaged” products and no KID will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified. For 
the purpose of the above, a “packaged” product 
shall designate a “packaged retail investment 
product” which means, in accordance with 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of 26 November 
2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, an 
investment, where, regardless of the legal form of 
the investment, the amount repayable to the retail 
investor is subject to fluctuations because of 
exposure 
to 
reference 
values 
or 
to 
the 
performance of one or more assets which are not 
directly purchased by the retail investor) 
 
(vii) 
[Name and address of the entity or the 
entities which have a firm commitment to act 
as intermediary(ies) in secondary trading, 
providing liquidity through bid and offer rates 
and description of the main terms of its or 
their commitment: 
[specify]] 
 
[If the Warrants are linked to an Advised SGI Index or to a Dynamic Portfolio AND the Issuer elects NOT to 
apply IRS U.S. Person definition, insert the following paragraph: 
 
[viii] 
Regulation S U.S. Person 
[(ix)] 
[Applicable]

--- Page 138 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
138 
 
 
[If the Warrants are neither linked to an Advised SGI Index nor to a Dynamic Portfolio AND the Issuer elects 
to also apply IRS U.S. Person definition, insert the following paragraph: 
 
[ix] 
Regulation 
S 
U.S. 
Person 
AND  
IRS U.S. Person 
[(x)] 
[Applicable] 
 
 
8. 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER 
 
[NB: This paragraph applies only in respect of any public offer of Warrants is not made pursuant to an 
exemption to publish a prospectus under Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation.] 
[Not applicable] [Exempted from the requirement to publish a prospectus] 
 
[If not applicable or exempted from the requirement to publish a prospectus, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs] 
 
 
Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction(s): 
[Specify Relevant State(s) – which must be 
jurisdictions in which the Prospectus and any 
supplements have been passported] 
 
 
Offer Period: 
From [specify] to [specify] 
 
 
Offer Price: 
[[The Warrants w ill be offered at the Issue Price 
[up to a maximum] 
of [insert percentage], is 
represented by a distribution fee payable upfront 
by the Issuer to the Distributor[s]]. 
[The Warrants w ill be offered at the market price 
w hich: 
 
w ill be determined by the Dealer on a 
daily basis [in accordance w ith market 
conditions then prevailing including the 
current 
market 
price 
of 
the 
Underlying(s);] [and] 
 
[w ill evolve betw een the Issue Date and 
the last day of the Offer Period on a 
linear basis in such w ay equal to [insert 
percentage] on the last day of the Offer 
Period; and 
 
w ill be provided by the Dealer to any 
Warrantholder upon request.] 
[The Warrants issued on the Issue Date w ill be 
fully subscribed by the Dealer and thereafter 
offered by w ay of a non-exempt offer to the public 
in the secondary market, at the Issue Price, 
during the Offer Period.]

--- Page 139 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
139 
 
[The Offer Price w ill evolve at a rate of [specify] 
betw een the [Issue Date][specify] and [specify] in 
order to reach [specify the maximum level that 
can be reached by the Offer Price during the Offer 
Period] on [specify] in accordance w ith the 
follow ing formula: 
Offer Price 
(t) = 
OfferPriceBase 
x (1 + 
ConvergencePercentage x Nb(t) / 360) 
Where: 
OfferPriceBase means [specify]; and 
ConvergencePercentage means [specify]; and 
Nb(t) means the number 
of calendar days 
betw een the Issue Date (included) and the date 
"t" (included) on w hich value of the Warrants is 
calculated.] 
 [The Warrants w ill be offered at the market price 
w hich w ill be determined by the Dealer on a 
continuous basis in accordance w ith the market 
conditions then prevailing. 
Depending on market conditions, the offer price 
shall be equal, higher or low er than the Issue 
Price of the Warrants.] 
[The [Issuer][Dealer] w ill publish the price at 
w hich the w arrants are offered on [insert relevant 
websites on which the Offer Price will be 
published].] 
[The [Issue Price] [price] is also increased by fees 
[specify].] 
 
 
Conditions to which the offer is subject: 
[Not applicable] [Offers of the Warrants are 
conditional [on their issue [only applicable to 
offers during the subscription period]] [on any 
additional conditions set out in the standard terms 
of business of the Financial 
Intermediaries, 
notified to investors by such relevant Financial 
Intermediaries][specify 
any 
other 
applicable 
conditions]] 
 
 
Description of the application process: 
[Not applicable] [Give details] 
[NB: Not 
applicable unless full application 
process is being followed in relation to the issue] 
 
 
Details of the minimum and/or maximum 
amount of application: 
[Not applicable] [Give details]

--- Page 140 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
140 
 
[NB: Not 
applicable unless full application 
process is being followed in relation to the issue] 
 
 
Details of the method and time limits for 
paying up and delivering the Warrants: 
[The Warrants w ill be issued on the Issue Date 
against payment 
to the Issuer of the net 
subscription 
moneys.] 
[The 
settlement 
and 
delivery of the Warrants w ill be executed through 
[Specify].] [Investors w ill be notified by [Specify] 
of their allocations of Warrants and the settlement 
arrangements in respect thereof.] [The Warrants 
w ill be delivered on any day during the offer by 
payment 
of 
the 
purchase 
price 
by 
the 
Warrantholders 
to 
the 
[relevant 
Financial 
Intermediary][Issuer].][Specify other] 
 
 
Manner and date in which results of the offer 
are to be made public: 
[Publication on the w ebsite [of the Issuer] ([insert 
w ebsite)] and in a daily new spaper of general 
circulation in the relevant place(s) of listing and/or 
non-exempt 
offer 
at 
the 
end 
of 
the 
[subscription/marketing] 
period if required by 
local 
regulation.] 
[In 
connection 
w ith the 
non-exempt offer of the Warrants, each investor 
w ill be notified by the Dealer or the relevant 
financial 
intermediary 
of 
its 
allocation 
of 
Warrants.] [Specify other] 
 
The different categories of potential investors to 
whom the Warrants are offered 
[] 
 
 
Whether Issue(s) has/have been reserved for 
certain countries: 
[Not applicable] [Give details] 
 
 
Process for notification to applicants of the 
amount allotted and the indication whether 
dealing may begin before notification is 
made: 
[Not applicable] [Give details] 
[NB: Not 
applicable unless full application 
process is being followed in relation to the issue] 
 
 
Amount 
of 
any 
expenses 
and taxes 
specifically charged to the subscriber or 
purchaser: 
[Not Applicable]/[Detail] (If the Issuer is subject to 
MiFiD II and/or the PRIIPS Regulations, it is 
necessary to include the charges that are 
included in the price, to the extent that they are 
known)]] 
 
 
Name(s) and address(es), to the extent 
known to the Issuer, of the placers in the 
various countries where the offer takes 
place: 
[None] [Give details] 
 
9. 
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
Minimum investment in the Warrants:  
[specify] [Not applicable] 
 
 
Minimum trading number: 
[specify] [Not applicable] 
10. 
PUBLIC OFFERS IN SWITZERLAND

--- Page 141 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
141 
 
[If structured products publicly offered in Switzerland, add: Applicable, i.e. the Warrants may be offered publicly 
in Sw itzerland.] 
[In any other case, add: Not Applicable] 
11. 
EU BENCHMARK REGULATION 
Benchmark: 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable] 
[Amounts payable under the Warrants w ill be 
calculated 
by 
reference 
to 
the 
relevant 
Benchmark w hich is provided by the relevant 
Administrator, as specified in the table below . 
As at the date of these Final Terms, the relevant 
Administrator appears/ does not appear, as the 
case may be, on the register of administrators 
and benchmarks established and maintained by 
the European Securities and Markets Authority 
pursuant to Article 36 
of the Benchmark 
Regulation 
(Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) (the 
Benchmark Regulation), as specified in the 
table below . 
If “Does not appear and exempted” is specified in 
the table below , it means that the relevant 
Administrator does not fall w ithin the scope of the 
Benchmark Regulation by virtue of Article 2 of 
that regulation. 
If “Does not appear and non-exempted” 
is 
specified in the table below , it means that, as far 
as the Issuer is aw are, the transitional provisions 
in Article 51 of the Benchmark Regulation apply, 
such that the relevant Administrator is not 
currently required to obtain authorisation or 
registration. 
[For the following table, add as many lines as necessary] 
 
Benchmark 
Administrator 
Register 
[Insert the name of Benchmark] 
[Insert the name of Administrator] 
[Appears] 
[Does not appear and exempted] 
[Does not appear and non-exempted]

--- Page 142 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
142 
 
Annex for Credit Linked Warrants 
[Insert the following table if the "Type of Credit Linked Warrants" is "Single Name Warrants": 
Reference 
Entity 
Transaction Type 
Reference Obligation 
[Seniority] 
[Seniority 
Level] 
[] 
[●][Insert as per the definition of Transaction Type in 
the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit 
Linked Warrants] 
[Standard 
Reference 
Obligation: 
Applicable] or [] 
[] 
[For the following tables, add as many lines as necessary: 
Insert the following table if the "Type of Credit Linked Warrants" is "First-to-Default Warrants": 
Reference Portfolio: 
Reference 
Entities 
Transaction Type 
Reference Obligation 
[Seniority] 
[Seniority 
Level] 
[] 
[●][Insert as per the definition of Transaction Type in 
the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit 
Linked Warrants] 
[Standard 
Reference 
Obligation: 
Applicable] or [] 
[] 
[Insert the following table if the "Type of Credit Linked Warrants" is "Basket Warrants" or "Tranche Warrants": 
[Insert the following if "Basket Warrants" or "Tranche Warrants" and the Reference Portfolio is made up of the constituents 
of an index: 
Index: [] 
Source: [] 
Annex Date: []] 
Reference Portfolio: 
Reference 
Entities 
Transaction Type 
Reference 
Entity 
Weighting 
Reference 
Obligation 
Reference 
Price 
[Seniority] 
[Seniority 
Level] 
[] 
[][Insert as per the definition 
of Transaction Type in the 
Additional 
Terms 
and 
Conditions for Credit Linked 
Warrants] 
[] 
[Standard 
Reference 
Obligation: 
Applicable] or 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[For all types of Warrants (for Basket Warrants or First-to-Default Warrants where there is more than one Transaction 
Type, split the column "Transaction Type" into the relevant number of columns):

--- Page 143 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
143 
 
[For Single Name Warrants: Terms applicable to the Reference Entity are the ones specified in the tables below  for the 
Transaction Type of such Reference Entity as determined in the table above.] 
[For Basket Warrants (which by definition include Tranche Warrants) and FTD Warrants: Terms applicable to a Reference 
Entity are the ones specified in the tables below  for the Transaction Type of such Reference Entity as determined in the 
table above.] 
In the tables below , "X" means "Applicable" [conversely, w hen left in blank, means "Not applicable"]. 
Credit Events and related options 
[Insert Transaction Type] 
Bankruptcy 
[X] 
Failure to Pay 
[X] 
Grace Period Extension 
[X] 
Notice of Publicly Available Information 
[X] 
Payment Requirement  
[[X] (USD 1,000,000)] 
[[X] ([])] 
Obligation Default 
[X] 
Obligation Acceleration 
[X] 
Repudiation/Moratorium 
[X] 
Restructuring 
[X] 
Mod R 
[X] 
Mod Mod R 
[X] 
Multiple Holder Obligation 
[X] 
Default Requirement  
[[X] (USD 10,000,000)] 
[[X] ([])] 
All Guarantees 
[X] 
Governmental Intervention 
[X] 
Financial Reference Entity Terms 
[X] 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms 
[X] 
2014 Coco Supplement 
[X] 
No Asset Package Delivery 
[X] 
Senior Non-Preferred Supplement 
[X] 
Credit Deterioration Requirement 
[X] 
Fallback Discontinuing 
[X] 
[Business Days (for the purposes of the Additional Terms 
and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants)] 
[Specify for the purposes of Condition 2 of the Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants] 
Obligation Category 
[Insert Transaction Type] 
Payment 
[X] 
Borrow ed Money 
[X] 
Reference Obligation Only 
[X] 
Bond 
[X]

--- Page 144 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
144 
 
Loan 
[X] 
Bond or Loan 
[X] 
Obligation Characteristics 
[Insert Transaction Type] 
Not Subordinated 
[X] 
Specified Currency – Standard Specified Currencies 
[X] 
Specified Currency – Standard Specified Currencies and 
Domestic Currency 
[X] 
Not Sovereign Lender 
[X] 
Not Domestic Currency 
[X] 
Not Domestic Law  
[X] 
Listed 
[X] 
Not Domestic Issuance 
[X] 
[Deliverable] [Selected] Obligation Category 
[Insert Transaction Type] 
Payment 
[X] 
Borrow ed Money 
[X] 
Reference Obligation Only 
[X] 
Bond 
[X] 
Loan 
[X] 
Bond or Loan 
[X] 
[Deliverable] [Selected] Obligation Characteristics 
[Insert Transaction Type] 
Not Subordinated 
[X] 
Specified Currency – Standard Specified Currencies 
[X] 
Specified Currency – Standard Specified Currencies and 
Domestic Currency 
[X] 
Not Sovereign Lender 
[X] 
Not Domestic Currency 
[X] 
Not Domestic Law  
[X] 
Listed 
[X] 
Assignable Loan 
[X] 
Consent Required Loan 
[X] 
Transferable 
[X] 
Not Bearer 
[X] 
Maximum Maturity: 30 Years 
[X] 
Not Domestic Issuance 
[X] 
Accelerated or Matured 
[X]

--- Page 145 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
145 
 
ANNEX FOR PORTFOLIO LINKED WARRANTS 
Initial composition of the Portfolio 
 
If the initial Portfolio comprises no Portfolio Component and if Dynamic Portfolio is specified as “Applicable” in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
The Portfolio is invested in cash only as of Valuation(0). 
 
Otherw ise 
k 
Portfolio 
Component 
(k) 
Bloomberg 
Ticker 
Basket 
Component 
Type 
Portfolio 
Component 
[Unfunded 
Component] 
Portfolio 
Component 
Currency (k) 
[FX Hedge] [FXRatio] 
[Specify 
k=1,2,3,…] 
[Specify 
name 
of 
Portfolio 
Component 
(k)] 
[Specify 
ticker] 
[Index] 
[Share] 
[ETF 
Share] 
[Fund] 
[Single 
Commodity] 
[Single Debt] 
[Single 
Derivatives] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Basket 
Component 
– 
][Equity 
Instrument] 
[Commodity 
Instrument]  
[Debt 
Instrument]  
[Derivatives 
Instrument]]  
[Market 
Data] 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Specify 
currency] 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Specify 
ratio] 
 
k 
[Reference Price] [DistRate 
(k,t)] 
[Q(k,0)] 
[RateLong 
(k,t)] 
[RateShort 
(k,t)] 
[RepoRate 
Long(k,t)] 
[RepoRate 
Short(k,t)] 
[Specify 
k=1,2,3,
…] 
[Closing 
Price 
[Fixing 
Price] 
[Specify 
ReferenceFixingTi
me] 
[TWAP][Specify 
TWAPStartTime 
and 
TWAPEndTime] 
[VWAP][Specify 
VWAPStartTime 
and 
VWAPEndTime] 
[Opening 
Price] 
[Best 
Effort] 
[Bid-Ask 
Spread][Specify 
SpreadMidAsk 
and 
SpreadBidMid] 
[Specify 
rate. Rates 
may 
be 
fixed 
or 
variable 
over 
time, 
they 
may 
also 
be 
computed 
as a spread 
between 
rates and/or 
be a rate or 
combination 
or 
rates 
determined 
by 
the 
Calculation 
Agent] 
[Specify 
initial 
quantity] 
[Specify 
rate. Rates 
may 
be 
fixed 
or 
variable 
over 
time, 
they 
may 
also 
be 
computed 
as a spread 
between 
rates and/or 
be a rate or 
combination 
or 
rates 
determined 
by 
the 
Calculation 
Agent] 
[Specify rate. 
Rates may be 
fixed 
or 
variable over 
time, 
they 
may also be 
computed as 
a 
spread 
between 
rates 
and/or 
be a rate or 
combination 
or 
rates 
determined 
by 
the 
Calculation 
Agent] 
[Specify 
rate. 
Rates may be 
fixed or variable 
over time, they 
may 
also 
be 
computed as a 
spread 
between 
rates 
and/or be a rate 
or combination 
or 
rates 
determined 
by 
the Calculation 
Agent] 
[Specify rate. 
Rates may be 
fixed 
or 
variable over 
time, 
they 
may also be 
computed as 
a 
spread 
between 
rates 
and/or 
be a rate or 
combination 
or 
rates 
determined 
by 
the 
Calculation 
Agent

--- Page 146 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
146 
 
K 
[ExecCostRateIn 
(k,t)]  
[ExecCostRateOut(k,t)] 
[ExecAddOnRate(k,t)] 
[InitialWeight(k)] 
[S(k,0)] 
[Specify 
k=1,2,3,…] 
[Specify 
rate. 
Rates 
may 
be 
fixed or variable 
over 
time, they 
may 
also 
be 
computed 
as a 
spread 
between 
rates and/or be a 
rate 
or 
combination 
or 
rates determined 
by the Calculation 
Agent] 
[Specify rate. Rates may 
be fixed or variable over 
time, they may also be 
computed as a spread 
between rates and/or be 
a rate or combination or 
rates determined by the 
Calculation Agent] 
[Specify rate. Rates may 
be fixed or variable over 
time, they may also be 
computed as a spread 
between rates and/or be 
a rate or combination or 
rates determined by the 
Calculation Agent] 
[Specify 
InitialWeight] 
[Specify 
initial level 
of Portfolio 
Component 
(k)]

--- Page 147 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
147 
 
Parameters and elections relating to the Portfolio 
Scheduled Calculation Dates 
[Specify the scheduled computation dates of the Portfolio Level] 
[Restriking Date(s) 
[Specify the dates]] 
[Elections relating to the Portfolio] 
[Crash Put Costs Calculation 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]] 
[Dynamic Fx-hedge 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]] 
Dynamic Portfolio 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]] 
[Excess Return 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]] 
[Portfolio Ccy Cash Positions Netting 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]] 
[Quanto Option  
[Applicable][Not Applicable]] 
[Reinvestment Method 
[Individual Components] [Cash Bucket] [Portfolio]] 
[Simultaneous Long and Short Restrikes 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]] 
[Weight Reset 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]] 
[Parameters relating to the Portfolio] 
[DDIMPLong 
[Specify the percentage]] 
[DDIMPShort 
[Specify the percentage]] 
[DDLS 
[Specify the percentage]] 
[GearingInfLong  
[Specify relevant gearing percentage]] 
[GearingInfShort  
[Specify relevant gearing percentage]] 
[GearingSupLong  
[Specify relevant gearing percentage]] 
[GearingSupShort  
[Specify relevant gearing percentage]] 
[GrossGearingSup 
[Specify relevant gearing percentage]] 
[Lag 
[Specify the number]] 
[PortfolioFXSourceFixingTime 
[Specify relevant fixing time]] 
[PortfolioFXSource  
[Specify relevant foreign exchange rate source]] 
[Portfolio Currency 
[specify currency]] 
[PL(0)  
[Specify the initial level of the Portfolio]] 
[RateLong(t) 
[Specify relevant rate]] 
[RateShort(t) 
[Specify relevant rate]]

--- Page 148 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
148 
 
[Reference Price 
[As specified in the Portfolio Eligibility Criteria] [Specify relevant reference 
price(s)]] 
[TimeBasis  
[360] [365] [specify other]] 
[TargetGearingLong 
[Specify relevant gearing percentage]] 
[TargetGearingShort 
[Specify relevant gearing percentage]] 
[Weight Reset Date(s) 
[Specify the dates]] 
[if Dynamic Portfolio is “Applicable”, specify the following: 
Communication Deadline 
[Specify relevant communication deadline] 
[ExecCostRateIn(k,t) 
[Specify the percentage][if ExecCostRateIn per Market, specify the 
percentages per Market]] 
[ExecCostRateOut(k,t) 
[Specify the percentage][if ExecCostRateOut per Market, specify the 
percentages per Market]] 
[ExecAddOnRate(k,t) 
[Specify the percentage][if ExecAddOnRate per Market, specify the 
percentages per Market]] 
Portfolio Eligibility Criteria 
[In order for the Portfolio to remain eligible as Underlying of the Warrants, 
the Portfolio and Portfolio Components shall comply with each of the 
following criteria, unless otherwise waived by the Calculation Agent:] 
[Specify the list of Applicable Portfolio Eligibility Criteria in relation to the 
Portfolio, in particular in accordance with Condition 3.5 of the Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Warrants] 
Portfolio Publication Website 
[specify the website on which information related to the Portfolio and 
Modifications will be published in accordance with the Additional Terms 
and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Warrants] 
Review  Date 
[Specify the relevant review dates in respect of Modifications] 
Rebalancing Date 
[Specify the relevant rebalancing dates in respect of Modifications] 
[Target Exposure Implementation Date 
[Specify]] 
[TCR(k,t) 
[Specify the percentage] [if TCR per Market, specify the percentages per 
Market] [if TCR per Reference Price, specify the percentage(s) per
Reference Price]] 
[Theoretical Communication Deadline 
[Specify relevant theorical communication deadline]] 
Weighting Advisor  
[specify identity and details in accordance with the Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Portfolio Linked Warrants]]

--- Page 149 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
149 
 
[ANNEX FOR SGI INDEX RULES 
(This Annex forms a part of the Final Terms to which it is attached) 
(If the Warrants are linked to an SGI Index, the Issuer should annex the Index Rules of such SGI Index to the applicable 
final terms)]

--- Page 150 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
150 
 
[ISSUE SPECIFIC SUMMARY 
[(If the Warrants, are Non-exempt Offers, the Issuer should annex the issue specific summary to the applicable final terms 
drawn up on the basis of the section "Summary" of the Base Prospectus having completed the relevant Elements by 
deletion of non-relevant information and inserting any information to be completed in accordance with the specific 
conditions of the Warrants)]

--- Page 151 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
 
151 
 
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW WARRANTS 
The follow ing general terms and conditions applicable to every Issue of Warrants to be issued under English law  (the 
General Terms and Conditions), w ith, if applicable, the additional terms and conditions (the Additional Terms and 
Conditions) constitute the terms and conditions of the Warrants, as defined below , (the Terms and Conditions) and w ill 
be attached to or incorporated by reference into each Global Warrant and each Definitive Warrant in the latter case only if 
permitted by the relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the relevant Issuer and the 
relevant purchaser(s) at the time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such Definitive Warrant w ill have endorsed 
upon or attached thereto such Terms and Conditions. 
The applicable Final Terms in relation to any Warrants w ill complete the follow ing General Terms and Conditions for the 
purpose of such Warrants (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Uncertificated Warrant). The applicable Final Terms 
(or the relevant provisions thereof) w ill be endorsed on, attached to or incorporated by reference into, each Global Warrant 
and Definitive Warrant and shall be deemed to apply to Uncertificated Warrants. 
References herein to the applicable Final Terms are to Part A of the final terms (Final Terms) prepared based on the 
“Form of Final Terms”. 
References herein to the Additional Terms and Conditions are to Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae for 
Warrants, Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants, Additional Terms and Conditions for Share Linked 
Warrants and Depositary Receipts Linked Warrants, Additional Terms and Conditions for Index Linked Warrants, Additional 
Terms and Conditions for SGI Index Linked Warrants, Additional Terms and Conditions for Reference Rate Linked 
Warrants, Additional Terms and Conditions for Foreign Exchange Rate Linked Warrants, Additional Terms and Conditions 
for Commodity Linked Warrants, Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked Warrants, Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants, Additional Terms and Conditions for Inflation Linked Warrants, Additional Terms 
and Conditions for Bond Linked Warrants, Additional Terms and Conditions for ETF Linked Warrants and ETP Linked 
Warrants, Additional Terms and Conditions for Non-Equity Security Linked Warrants, Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Future Linked Warrants, Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Warrants, Additional Terms and Conditions 
for Fixed Leveraged and Turbo Warrants and Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Secured Warrants. 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that one or more of the Additional Terms and Conditions from Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Share Linked Warrants to the Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Warrants above apply, 
then the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants w ill also apply including the provisions relating to any 
market disruption (Market Disruption Events) or extraordinary events (Extraordinary Events) and details of the 
consequences of such events. 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the "Secured Warrants Provisions" are “applicable”, then the provisions of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Secured Warrants, w hich contain provisions relating to disruption events 
(including, w ithout limitation and w here necessary, appropriate definitions of Collateral Disruption Event and Collateral 
Settlement Disruption and details of the consequences of such events), shall apply. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement, the Sw iss Paying Agency Agreement (w here applicable), the 
EUI Agency Agreement (w here applicable), (all as defined below ) or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have the 
same meanings w here used in these General Terms and Conditions unless the context otherw ise requires or unless 
otherw ise stated and provided that, in the event of any inconsistency betw een the Agency Agreement, the Sw iss Paying 
Agency Agreement (w here applicable), the EUI Agency Agreement (w here applicable) and the applicable Final Terms, the 
applicable Final Terms w ill prevail. 
References herein to (i) Tranche means Warrants w hich are identical in all respects, and (ii) Issue means a Tranche of 
Warrants, together in each case w ith any further Tranche or Tranches or Issue of Warrants w hich are (a) expressed to be 
consolidated and form a single series or issue and (b) identical in all respects except for their respective Issue Dates and/or 
Issue Prices. 
References herein to (i) the Issuer shall be references to the issuer specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (as 
defined above) and, in the case of any substitution of the Issuer in accordance w ith Condition 11, the Substituted Obligor

--- Page 152 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
 
152 
 
as defined in Condition 11 and (ii) the Guarantor shall mean Societe Generale in its capacity as guarantor pursuant to the 
Guarantee (as defined in Condition 2.3) in respect of any Warrants issued by SG Issuer or SG Effekten. Accordingly, 
references herein to the Guarantor are applicable only in the context of Warrants issued by SG Issuer or SG Effekten. 
All Warrants issued by Societe Generale or SG Effekten w ill be described as "Unsecured" in the Final Terms applicable to 
such Warrants and all Warrants issued by SG Issuer w ill be described as "Unsecured" or "Secured" in the Final Terms 
applicable to such Warrants. 
References herein to, Underlying shall mean, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, a Share and/or a Depositary 
Receipt and/or an Index and/or an SGI Index and/or a Reference Rate and/or a Foreign Exchange Rate and/or a 
Commodity and/or a Commodity Index and/or a Fund and/or a Reference Entity and/or a CDS Spread and/or an Inflation 
Index and/or a Bond and/or an ETF and/or an ETP and/or a Non Equity Security and/or Future and/or a Portfolio and/or a 
Dividend or a basket and/or combination thereof (each as defined in the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to the 
relevant Underlying). 
References herein to Warrants are to Warrants of one Issue only, and not to all Warrants under the Programme and shall 
mean: 
(a) 
any global Warrant representing Warrants in bearer or registered form (a Bearer Global Warrant or a Registered 
Global Warrant, respectively, and each a Global Warrant); 
(b) 
any Warrants in bearer form (Bearer Warrants) represented by a Bearer Global Warrant; 
(c) 
any Warrants (other than Uncertificated Warrants) in registered form (Registered Warrants) represented by a 
Registered Global Warrant; 
(d) 
any Warrants in uncertificated and dematerialised book-entry form (Uncertificated Warrants); 
(e) 
any definitive Warrants in registered form (Definitive Registered Warrants) w hether or not such Definitive 
Registered Warrant is issued in exchange for a Registered Global Warrant or a Bearer Global Warrant. 
(the English Law Warrants). 
Uncertificated Warrants as used above shall mean: 
Uncertificated Nordic Warrants, Uncertificated SIS Warrants, EUI Warrants, Uncertificated Italian Warrants, Uncertificated 
Spanish Warrants, each as defined below . 
Warrants may be: 
(i) 
Formula-Linked Warrants, if specified in the applicable Final Terms, and in each such case the Additional Terms 
and Conditions relating to Formulae shall apply; or 
(ii) 
Fixed Leverage Warrants or Turbo Warrants, if specified in the applicable Final Terms, and in each such case 
the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants shall apply; 
and, w here applicable, Warrants may be Open-ended Warrants (if specified in the applicable Final Terms). 
Warrants w ill, if specified in the applicable Final Terms, have a notional amount w hich w ill be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms (the Notional Amount). 
Subject to the provisions below , any references herein to holder of Warrants, or Warrantholders shall mean the several 
persons w ho are for the time being the bearers of Bearer Warrants as the case may be, and the registered holders of 
Registered Warrants as the case may be.

--- Page 153 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
 
153 
 
The holder of an Uncertificated Warrant w ill be the person appearing in the relevant registers in accordance w ith the 
legislation, rules and regulations applicable to, and/or issued by, the relevant securities depositary and clearing institution 
and the terms "holder of the Warrants" and “Warrantholder” shall be construed accordingly. Uncertificated Warrants w ill 
only be transferable in accordance w ith such legislation, rules and regulations. 
Save as set out below , the Warrants have the benefit of an agency agreement dated 29 July 2016 (the Agency Agreement, 
w hich expression shall be construed as a reference to any such agreement as the same may be amended, supplemented 
or restated from time to time) and made betw een, amongst others, Societe Generale, SG Issuer or SG Effekten (each an 
Issuer and together the Issuers), the Guarantor (as defined below ), Societe Generale Luxembourg S.A. as fiscal agent, 
registrar, transfer agent and exchange agent (the Fiscal Agent, the Registrar, the Transfer Agent and the Exchange  
Agent, respectively, w hich expressions shall include, in each case, any additional or successor fiscal agent or registrar or 
any other transfer agent or exchange agent appointed from time to time and specified in the applicable Final Terms) and 
the other paying agents named therein (such paying agents, together w ith the Fiscal Agent and the Registrar, the Paying 
Agents, w hich expression shall include any additional or successor paying agents appointed from time to time). 
The Calculation Agent w ith respect to a Tranche of Warrants w ill be Societe Generale (or any successor thereto), as 
designated in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Paying Agents, the Fiscal Agent, the Registrar, the Transfer Agent, the Exchange Agent and, unless the context 
otherw ise requires, the Settlement Agent and the Calculation Agent (both as defined in Condition 10) shall be referred to 
collectively hereunder as the Agents. 
In connection w ith Uncertificated Warrants unless the context otherw ise requires and except insofar as the terms defined 
in the Agency Agreement are incorporated by reference herein, any reference herein to the Agency Agreement w ill be 
construed, mutatis mutandis, as a reference to the agency agreement(s) entered into w ith respect to such Uncertificated 
Warrants (and references herein to the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent(s) or the Calculation Agent shall be construed 
accordingly) as described below  : 
 
Any issue of Uncertificated Nordic Warrants (as defined below ) w ill have the benefit of a master issuing and 
paying agency agreement concluded betw een the Issuers as issuers and Nordea Denmark, Filial af Nordea Bank 
Abp, Finland, Nordea Bank Abp, Nordea Bank Abp, filial i Norge, Nordea Bank Abp, filial i Sverige , as agent 
w hich shall be designated in the applicable Final Terms (the Nordea Agency Agreement) which expression shall 
be construed as a reference to any such agreement as the same may be amended, supplemented or restated 
from time to time). 
 
Any issue of EUI Warrants (as defined below ) w ill have the benefit of an EUI agency agreement (the EUI Agency 
Agreement, which expression shall be construed as a reference to any such agreement as the same may be 
amended, supplemented or restated from time to time) betw een amongst others the Issuers, the Guarantor, the 
Agents and the agents named therein, w hich shall be designated in the applicable Final Terms in respect of EUI 
Warrants (the EUI Agent). 
Any issue of Uncertificated Spanish Warrants w hich are held through Iberclear w ill have Societe Generale, Sucursal 
España as Paying Agent. 
Any issue of Uncertificated Italian Warrants w hich are held through Monte Titoli w ill have Societe Generale, Societe 
Generale Milan branch as Paying Agent. 
Any issue of Uncertificated Sw iss Warrants (as defined below ) and other English Law  Warrants listed on SIX Sw iss 
Exchange, w ill have the benefit of a Sw iss paying agency agreement (the Swiss Paying Agency Agreement, w hich 
expression shall be construed as a reference to any such agreement as the same may be amended, supplemented or 
restated from time to time) betw een the Issuers, the Guarantor, the Paying Agents (except the Registrar), the principal 
Sw iss paying agent and the other Sw iss paying agents (if any) (the Principal Sw iss Paying Agent and the Sw iss Paying 
Agents, respectively, and the term Paying Agent as defined above shall include such Principal Sw iss Paying Agent and 
the Sw iss Paying Agent). The form of the Sw iss Paying Agency Agreement is scheduled to the Agency Agreement.

--- Page 154 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
 
154 
 
Any reference herein to “Euroclear” and/or “Clearstream” and/or Iberclear and/or MonteTitoli (each as defined below ) 
shall, w henever the context so permits, (i) be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system 
specified in the applicable Final Terms w hich is approved by the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable), the Fiscal Agent (if 
applicable), the Registrar (in the case of Registered Warrants only) and, in the case of Warrants listed on the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange, w hich is acceptable to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and, in the case of Warrants listed on the Italian 
Stock Exchange, w hich is acceptable to the Italian Stock Exchange (Borsa Italiana S.p.A.), and (ii) shall, in relation to 
Uncertificated Warrants, include the relevant securities depositary and clearing institution w hich is, in relation to 
Uncertificated SIS Warrants or other English Law  Warrants listed on SIX Sw iss Exchange Ltd. (SIX Sw iss Exchange), SIX 
SIS Ltd, the Sw iss securities services corporation (SIS) or any other clearing institution in Sw itzerland recognised for such 
purposes by SIX Sw iss Exchange, in relation to Uncertificated Nordic Warrants, the relevant securities depositary and 
clearing institution, including, w ithout limitation, Euroclear Sw eden AB (Euroclear Sw eden), Euroclear Finland Ltd 
(Euroclear Finland), Verdipapirsentralen ASA (the VPS), VP Securities A/S (VP Securities), and in relation to EUI Warrants, 
Euroclear UK and Ireland (EUI). 
Any reference herein to Physical Delivery Warrant shall mean any Series of Warrants that are linked to Deliverable 
Asset(s) (as defined in Condition 4.12.) specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Any references in these General Terms and Conditions to Uncertificated Swedish Warrants shall be references to 
Uncertificated Warrants settled through Euroclear Sw eden, any references to Uncertificated Finnish Warrants shall be 
references to Uncertificated Warrants settled through Euroclear Finland, any references to Uncertificated Norwegian 
Warrants shall be references to Uncertificated Warrants settled through VPS and any references to Uncertificated Danish 
Warrants shall be references to Uncertificated Warrants settled through VP Securities. Uncertificated Sw edish Warrants, 
Uncertificated Finnish Warrants, Uncertificated Norw egian Warrants, and Uncertificated Danish Warrants shall, together, 
mean the Uncertificated Nordic Warrants. 
Any references in these General Terms and Conditions to Uncertificated Italian Warrants shall be references to 
Uncertificated Warrants settled through Monte Titoli. 
Any references in the General Terms and Conditions to Uncertificated Spanish Warrants shall be references to 
Uncertificated Warrants settled through Iberclear. 
Any references in these General Terms and Conditions to Uncertificated SIS Warrants shall be references to 
Uncertificated Warrants settled through SIS or any other clearing institution in Sw itzerland recognised for such purposes 
by SIX Sw iss Exchange (SIS or any such intermediary, the Intermediary). 
Copies of the Agency Agreement, the Sw iss Paying Agency Agreement (w here applicable), the EUI Agency Agreement 
(w here applicable), the Nordea Agency Agreement (w here applicable), the Guarantee (w here applicable) and the Deed of 
Covenant (defined below ) are available for inspection during normal business hours from the head office of each of the 
relevant Issuer and, if applicable, the Guarantor and from the specified office of each of the Paying Agents. Copies of the 
applicable Final Terms are available for view ing at w ww.bourse.lu and copies may be obtained from the head office of the 
relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and the specified office of each of the Paying Agents save that, if this Warrant 
is (i) an Exempt Offer Warrant (as defined below ) or (ii) an Exempted Sw iss Public Offer Warrant, the applicable Final 
Terms w ill only be obtainable by a Warrantholder holding one or more such Warrants and such Warrantholder must 
produce evidence satisfactory to the relevant Issuer, and, if applicable, the Guarantor or, as the case may be, the relevant 
Paying Agent as to its holding of such Warrants and identity. (unless otherw ise made available publicly by the Issuer). The 
Warrantholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement, 
the Sw iss Paying Agency Agreement (w here applicable), the EUI Agency Agreement (w here applicable), the Nordea 
Agency Agreement (w here applicable), the Guarantee (w here applicable), the Deed of Covenant and the applicable Final 
Terms. The statements in the Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Agency 
Agreement and, if applicable, the Sw iss Paying Agency Agreement, the EUI Agency Agreement and the Nordea Agency 
Agreement. 
In this paragraph (a) Non-exempt Offer Warrant means any Warrant that is (i) offered to the public in the EEA other than 
pursuant to articles 1(4) or 3(2) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as amended or superseded (the Prospectus Regulation) 
or (ii) admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in the EEA for the purposes of article 3(3) of the Prospectus Regulation,

--- Page 155 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
 
155 
 
(b) Exempt Offer Warrant means any Warrant that is (i) offered to the public in the EEA only pursuant to articles 1(4) or 
3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation or (ii) admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in the EEA pursuant to article 1(5) of 
the Prospectus Regulation and (c) Exempted Swiss Public Offer Warrant means any w arrant that is not (i) offered to the 
public in Sw itzerland for the purposes of article 35 of the Sw iss Federal Act on Financial Services (the FinSA) (except as 
specified under article 36(1) or article 37 of the FinSA) or (ii) admitted to trading on a trading venue in accordance w ith 
article 26(a) of the Sw iss Federal Act on Financial Market Infrastructures and Market Conduct in Securities and Derivatives 
Trading (except as specified under article 38 of the FinSA). 
In relation to a Global Warrant held on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, the Warrantholders are entitled to the 
benefit of the deed of covenant made as of 29 July 2016 (the Deed of Covenant) by the Issuers. The original of the Deed 
of Covenant is held by the common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream. 
In relation to Global Warrants held on behalf of Iberclear, the Warrantholders are entitled to the benefit of the deed of 
covenant (the Iberclear Deed of Covenant and, together w ith the ICSD Deed of Covenant, the Deeds of Covenant) by 
the Issuers. The original Iberclear Deed of Covenant is held by the depositary for Iberclear. 
1. 
FORM, TITLE, TRANSFER, CONVERSION 
1.1 
Form and title 
The Warrants may be Bearer Warrants, Registered Warrants, Uncertificated Warrants or Definitive Warrants, in the 
Settlement Currency specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
1.1.1 
Bearer Warrants 
Each Issue of Bearer Warrants w ill be issued in the form of a Bearer Global Warrant to be delivered on or prior to the issue 
date of the Issue of Warrants to a common depositary (the Common Depositary) for Euroclear and Clearstream. 
For so long as any of the Bearer Warrants is represented by a Global Warrant held on behalf of, Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
(Euroclear) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream), and/or a Depositary on behalf of Sociedad de Gestión de 
los Sistemos de Registro, Compensación y Liquidación de Valores, S.A. Unipersonal (Iberclear), each person (other than 
Euroclear or Clearstream or Iberclear, as the case may be) w ho is for the time being show n in the records of Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream and/or Iberclear, as the holder of a particular number of Warrants (in w hich regard any certificate or 
other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream or Iberclear as to the number of Warrants standing to the account of 
any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the 
Issuer, the Guarantor and any Paying Agent as the holder of such number of Warrants for all purposes other than w ith 
respect to the payment in respect of Warrants, for w hich purpose the bearer of the relevant Global Warrant shall be treated 
by the Issuer, the Guarantor and any Paying Agent as the holder of such number of Warrants in accordance w ith and 
subject to the terms of the relevant Global Bearer Warrant (and the expressions “Warrantholder” "holder of Warrants" and 
related expressions shall be construed accordingly). 
1.1.2 
Registered Warrants 
The issuance of a Tranche of Registered Warrants w ill be represented by a Registered Global Warrant. 
Persons holding beneficial interests in a Registered Global Warrant w ill be entitled or required, as the case may be, under 
the circumstances described below , to receive physical delivery of Definitive Registered Warrants. 
For so long as any of the Registered Warrants is represented by a Global Warrant held by a Common Depositary, on 
behalf of, Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream), and/or a Depositary on 
behalf of Sociedad de Gestión de los Sistemos de Registro, Compensación y Liquidación de Valores, S.A. Unipersonal 
(Iberclear), each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream or Iberclear, as the case may be) w ho is for the time being 
show n in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream and/or Iberclear, as entitled to a particular number of Warrants (in 
w hich regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream or Iberclear as to the number of 
Warrants standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest 
error) shall be treated by the Issuer, the Guarantor and any Paying Agent as the holder of such number of Warrants other

--- Page 156 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
 
156 
 
than w ith respect to the payment or deliveries, for w hich purpose the registered holder of the relevant Registered Global 
Warrant shall be treated by the Issuer, the Guarantor and any Paying Agent as the holder of such number of Warrants in 
accordance w ith and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Warrant (and the expressions “Warrantholder” and "holder 
of Warrants” and related expressions shall be construed accordingly). 
1.1.3 
Uncertificated Warrants 
Uncertificated Warrants (and each an Uncertificated Warrant) are in uncertificated and dematerialised book-entry form. 
No global or definitive Warrants w ill be issued in respect of Uncertificated Warrants and these General Terms and 
Conditions shall be construed accordingly. 
1.1.3.1 EUI Warrants 
The Warrants may be held in registered uncertificated form in accordance w ith the Uncertificated Securities Regulations 
2001, including any modification or re-enactment thereof for the time being in force (the Regulations) (the EUI Warrants). 
The EUI Warrants are participating Securities for the purposes of the Regulations. Title to the EUI Warrants is recorded 
on the relevant Operator register of corporate Securities. The EUI Agent on behalf of the Issuer shall, in relation to the EUI 
Warrants, maintain a record of uncertificated corporate Securities in accordance w ith the records of Euroclear UK & Ireland 
Limited (formerly know n as CRESTCo Limited) (the Record) and shall procure that the Record is regularly updated to 
reflect the Operator register of corporate Securities in accordance w ith the rules and practices from time to time of the 
Operator. Subject to this requirement, (i) each person w ho is for the time being show n in the Record as the holder of a 
particular number of EUI Warrants shall be treated by the Issuer and the EUI Agent as the holder of such number of EUI 
Warrants for all purposes (and the expression EUI Warrantholder and related expressions shall be construed accordingly), 
and (ii) neither the Issuer, the Guarantor nor the EUI Agent shall be liable in respect of any act or thing done or omitted to 
be done by it or on its behalf in reliance upon the assumption that the particulars entered in the Record w hich the EUI 
Agent maintains are in accordance w ith particulars entered in the Operator register of corporate Securities relating to the 
EUI Warrants. 
No provisions of these General Terms and Conditions, amended in accordance w ith any applic able Final Terms, shall 
(notw ithstanding anything contained therein) apply or have effect to the extent that it is in any respect inconsistent w ith ( i) 
the holding of title to EUI Warrants (ii) the transfer of title to EUI Warrants by means of a relevant s ystem or (iii) the 
Regulations. Without prejudice to the generality of the preceding sentence and notw ithstanding anything contained in these 
General Terms and Conditions or the applicable Final Terms, so long as the EUI Warrants are participating Securities, (a) 
any EUI Warrants w hich are not for the time being in all respects identical to, or do not for the time being have rights 
attached thereto identical in all respects to those attached to, other EUI Warrants of the same Issue of Warrants, as the 
case may be, shall be deemed to constitute a separate Issue of EUI Warrants, (b) the Operator register of corporate 
Securities relating to the EUI Warrants shall be maintained at all times in the United Kingdom, (c) the EUI Warrants may 
be issued in uncertificated form in accordance w ith and subject as provided in the Regulations; and (d) for the avoidance 
of doubt, these General Terms and Conditions and the applicable Final Terms in relation to any EUI Warrants shall remain 
applicable notw ithstanding that they are not endorsed on any certificate for such EUI Warrants. 
As used in relation to EUI Warrants, each of "Operator register of corporate Securities", "participating Securities", "record 
of uncertificated corporate Securities" and "relevant system" is as def ined in the Regulations and the relevant "Operator" 
(as such term is used in the Regulations) is EUI (formerly CRESTCo. Limited) or any additional or alternative operator from 
time to time approved by the Issuer, the Guarantor and the EUI Agent in relation to the EUI Warrants and in accordance 
w ith the Regulations. Any reference herein to the Operator shall, w henever the context so permits, be deemed to include 
a reference to any such additional or alternative Operator from time to time and notified to the EUI Warrantholders. 
Any indication herein that the Operator "shall" do, or similar expression or phrase indicating that they are obliged to or w ill 
carry out any role or obligation described in these General Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms, as 
the case may be, is given w ithout any assumption by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the EUI Agent or the Calculation Agent, of 
responsibility or liability for the performance of the Operator. 
References in these General Terms and Conditions to “EUI Warrants” shall include, w here the context admits, Depository 
Interests (as defined in the CREST Deed Poll) representing Warrants, issued by CREST Depository Limited subject to and 
in accordance w ith the CREST Deed Poll.

--- Page 157 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
 
157 
 
References to the CREST Deed Poll are to the global deed poll dated 25 June 2001, as subsequently modified, 
supplemented and/or restated. 
1.1.3.2 Uncertificated Nordic Warrants 
Uncertificated Nordic Warrants means the Uncertificated Finnish Warrants, the Uncertificated Sw edish Warrants, the 
Uncertificated Norw egian Warrants and the Uncertificated Danish Warrants. 
Uncertificated Nordic Warrants are issued in registered, dematerialised and uncertificated book-entry form, cleared and 
settled through the relevant Uncertificated Nordic Warrants CSD in accordance w ith the relevant Uncertificated Nordic 
Warrants CSD Rules. All payments in respect of Uncertificated Nordic Warrants w ill be made through the relevant 
Uncertificated Nordic Warrants CSD in accordance w ith the relevant Uncertificated Nordic Warrants CSD Rules. No 
physical global temporary, permanent or definitive w arrants w ill be issued in respect of the Uncertificated Nordic Warrants. 
For the purposes of these General Terms and Conditions: 
Uncertificated Nordic Warrants CSD Rules means in respect of each of the Uncertificated Nordic Warrants, the relevant 
Uncertificated Nordic Warrants Applicable Law  including all relevant local law s regulations and operating procedures 
applicable to and/or issued by the relevant Uncertificated Nordic Warrants central Warrants Depositary from time to time 
(the Uncertificated Nordic Warrants CSD as defined below ) designated as the relevant clearing system for the relevant 
Uncertificated Nordic Warrants. 
Uncertificated Nordic Warrants Applicable Law , means in respect of: 
 
the Uncertificated Finnish Warrants, the Finnish Act on the Book-Entry System and Clearing Operations (Fi. Laki 
arvo-osuusjärjestelmästä ja selvitystoiminnasta 348/2017), as amended and/or re-enacted from time to time, and 
the Finnish Act on Book-Entry Accounts (Fi. Laki arvo-osuustileistä 827/1991), as amended and/or re-enacted 
from time to time, 
 
the Uncertificated Sw edish Warrants, the Sw edish Central Securities Depositaries and Financial Instruments 
Accounts Act (Sw. lag (1998:1479) om värdepapperscentraler och kontoföring av finansiella instrument) as 
amended, as amended and/or re-enacted from time to time, 
 
the Uncertificated Norw egian Warrants, the Norw egian Central Securities Depositories Act no. 6 of 15 March 
2019 (No. Verdipapirsentralloven) as amended and/or re-enacted from time to time, and 
 
the Uncertificated Danish Warrants, the Danish Capital Markets Act (Consolidated Act No. 1767 of 27 November 
2020) as amended from time to time and the Executive Order on Book Entry, etc. of dematerialised Securities in 
a Central Securities Depositary (Executive Order No. 1175 of 31 October 2017 as amended from time to time). 
Uncertificated Nordic Warrants CSD means, in respect of: 
 
the Uncertificated Finnish Warrants, Euroclear Finland Ltd, 
 
the Uncertificated Sw edish Warrants, Euroclear Sw eden AB, 
 
the Uncertificated Norw egian Warrants, Verdipapirsentralen ASA, 
 
the Uncertificated Danish Warrants, VP Securities A/S 
Warrantholder means, in the context of Uncertificated Nordic Warrants, the person in w hose name an Uncertificated 
Nordic Warrant is registered in the Nordic Register and the reference to a person in w hose name an Uncertificated Nordic 
Warrant is registered shall also include any person duly authorised to act as a nominee and registered as such for the 
Uncertificated Nordic Warrants. For such purposes, the Nordic Register means the register maintained by the relevant 
Uncertificated Nordic Warrants CSD on behalf of the Issuer in accordance w ith the relevant Uncertificated Nordic Warrants 
CSD Rules.

--- Page 158 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
 
158 
 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law , the Warrantholder of any Uncertificated Nordic 
Warrants shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute ow ner for all purposes w hether or not it is overdue and 
regardless of any notice of ow nership, trust or an interest in it and no person shall be liable for so treating the Warrantholder 
and holder shall be construed accordingly. 
References to the "Agent" shall be w ith respect to: 
 
the Uncertificated Finnish Warrants, to Nordea Bank Abp (the Finnish Issuer Agent), 
 
the Uncertificated Sw edish Warrants, to Nordea Bank AB (the Swedish Issuer Agent), 
 
the Uncertificated Norw egian Warrants, to Nordea Bank Abp, filial I Norge (the Norwegian Issuer Agent), 
 
the Uncertificated Danish Warrants, to Nordea Danmark, Filial af Nordea Bank Abp, Finland (the Danish Issuer 
Agent). 
The Issuer and/or the Agent shall be entitled to obtain information from the register of the Uncertificated Nordic Warrants 
CSD in accordance w ith the relevant Uncertificated Nordic Warrants CSD Rules. 
1.1.3.3 Uncertificated SIS Warrants 
Uncertificated SIS Warrants (the Uncertificated SIS Warrants) w ill be entered into the main register (Hauptregister) of 
the Intermediary on or prior to their issue date. Once the Uncertificated SIS Warrants are registered in the main register 
(Hauptregister) of the Intermediary, such Uncertificated SIS Warrants w ill constitute Intermediated Securities. The records 
of the Intermediary w ill determine the number of Uncertificated SIS Warrants held through each participant of the 
Intermediary. Uncertificated SIS Warrants constituting Intermediated Securities may only be transferred by the entry of the 
transferred Uncertificated SIS Warrants in a Warrants account of the transferee and the holders of such Uncertificated SIS 
Warrants w ill be the persons holding such Uncertificated SIS Warrants in a securities account (Effektenkonto) that is in 
their name, or, in the case of intermediaries (Verwahrungsstellen), the intermediaries (Verwahrungsstellen) holding such 
Uncertificated SIS Warrants for their ow n account in a securities account (Effektenkonto) that is in their name (and the 
expressions "Warrantholder” and “holder of Warrants”, and related expressions shall be construed accordingly). 
1.1.3.4 Uncertificated Spanish Warrants 
Warrants to be listed on the Spanish Stock Exchange w ill be registered w ith the Spanish central depository system, the 
Sociedad de Gestión de los Sistemas de Registro, Compensación y Liquidación de Valores, S.A.U. (“Iberclear”) and w ill 
be represented by book entries in accordance w ith Article 6 of the Spanish Restated Warrants Market Act approved by the 
Royal Decree Law  4/2015, of 23 October (as amended from time to time, the “SMA”). No physical document of title w ill be 
issued in respect of the Warrants. 
Warrantholder means, in the context of Uncertificated Spanish Warrants, any person holding Warrants through a financial 
intermediary entitled to hold accounts w ith Iberclear on behalf of its customers (the “Warrant Account Holder”) or in the 
case of a Warrant Account Holder acting for its ow n account, such Warrant Account Holder. 
Warrants that are registered w ith Iberclear for purposes of listing on the Spanish Stock Exchange w ill be governed by 
Spanish Law  w ith respect to their form, proof of ow nership and transfer. 
1.1.3.5 Uncertificated Italian Warrants 
Uncertificated Italian Warrants are issued in bearer dematerialised and uncertificated book-entry form issued, cleared and 
settled by Monte Titoli S.p.A. in accordance w ith the applicable provisions of  Italian Law , including Legislative Decree 24 
February 1998, No. 58, as amended (the Italian Financial Services Act) and the rules and regulations applicable to 
and/or issued by Monte Titoli S.p.A. as the Italian central securities Depositary from time to time (the Italian CSD Rules) 
and are freely transferable by w ay of book entries on the accounts registered on Monte Titoli S.p.A. (the Italian CSD). No 
physical global or definitive w arrants w ill be issued in respect of Uncertificated Italian Warrants. All payments in respect of 
Uncertificated Italian Warrants w ill be made through the Italian CSD in accordance w ith the Italian CSD Rules.

--- Page 159 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
 
159 
 
Warrantholder means, in the context of Uncertificated Italian Warrants, the person w ho is for the time being show n in the 
records of the Italian CSD in accordance w ith the Italian CSD Rules (the Italian Register) as holder of a particular number 
of Uncertificated Italian Warrants. 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law , the Warrantholder of any Uncertificated Italian 
Warrants shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute ow ner for all purposes, w hether or not it is overdue 
and regardless of any notice of ow nership, trust or an interest in it and no person shall be liable for so treating the 
Warrantholder and any certificate or other document issued pursuant to the Italian CSD Rules as to the Uncertificated 
Italian Warrants standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes except in the case 
of manifest error. 
With respect to Uncertificated Italian Warrants, references to the "Operator" and related expressions shall be to the Italian  
CSD, references to the "Regulations" shall be to the Italian CSD Rules and references to the "Agent" or "Italian Issuer 
Agent" shall be to Societe Generale Securities Services S.p.A.. 
The Issuer and/or the Agent shall be entitled to obtain information from the register of the Italian CSD to the extent permitted 
in the Italian CSD Rules. 
1.2 
Transfer of Warrants 
1.2.1 
Transfer of interests in Global Warrants 
Warrants w hich are represented by a Global Warrant held on behalf of Euroclear, Clearstream or Iberclear, as the case 
may be, w ill be transferable only in accordance w ith the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear, Clearstream, 
or Iberclear as the case may be. 
Transfers of beneficial interests in a Global Warrant w ill be effected by Euroclear, Clearstream or Iberclear, as the case 
may be, and, in turn, by other participants and, if appropriate, indirect participants in such clearing systems acting on behalf 
of beneficial transferors and transferees of such interests. 
1.2.2 
Transfer of interests in Registered Global Warrants 
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Warrants w ill be effected by Euroclear, Clearstream, or Iberclear as 
the case may be, and, in turn, by other participants and, if appropriate, indirect participants in such clearing systems acting 
on behalf of beneficial transferors and transferees of such interests. A beneficial interest in a Registered Global Warrant 
w ill, subject to compliance w ith all applicable legal and regulatory restrictions, be exchangeable for Definitive Registered 
Warrants or for a beneficial interest in another Registered Global Warrants only in accordance w ith the rules and operating 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear, Clearstream or Iberclear, as the case may be, and in accordance w ith the terms 
and conditions specified in the Agency Agreement. 
No beneficial ow ner of an interest in a Registered Global Warrant w ill be able to transfer such interest, except in accordance 
w ith the applicable procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream or Iberclear, as the case may be, in each case to the extent 
applicable. 
In the event of a partial optional early expiration of the Warrants under Condition 5.4, the Issuer shall not be required to 
register the transfer of any Registered Warrant, or part of a Registered Warrant, called for partial optional early expiration. 
1.2.3 
Transfer of Definitive Registered Warrants 
Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Agency Agreement, a Definitive Registered Warrant may be 
transferred in w hole or in part. In order to effect any such transfer (i) the holder or holders must (A) surrender the Definitive 
Registered Warrant for registration of the transfer of the Definitive Registered Warrant (or the relevant part of the Definitive 
Registered Warrant) at the specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent, w ith the form of transfer thereon duly 
executed by the holder or holders thereof or his or their attorney or attorneys duly authorised in w riting and (B) complete 
and deposit such other certifications as may be required by the Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant Transfer 
Agent and (ii) the Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant Transfer Agent must, after due and careful enquiry, be

--- Page 160 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
 
160 
 
satisfied w ith the documents of title and the identity of the person making the request. Any such transfer w ill be subject to 
such reasonable regulations as the Issuer and the Registrar may from time to time prescribe (the initial regulations being 
set out in the Agency Agreement). Subject as provided above, the Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant Transfer 
Agent w ill, w ithin three business days (being for this purpose a day on w hich banks are open for business in the city w here 
the specified office of the Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant Transfer Agent is located) of the request (or such 
longer period as may be required to comply w ith any applicable fiscal or other law s or regulations), authenticate and, in 
the case of Registered Global Warrants, effectuate, and deliver, or procure the authentication and delivery of, at its 
specified office to the transferee or (at the risk of the transferee) send by uninsured mail, to such address as the transferee 
may request, a new  Definitive Registered Warrant of a like amount to the Definitive Registered Warrant (or the relevant 
part of the Definitive Registered Warrant) transferred. In the case of the transfer of part only of a Definitive Registered 
Warrant, a new  Definitive Registered Warrant or Registered Global Warrant in respect of the balance of the Definitive 
Registered Warrant not transferred w ill be so authenticated. 
1.2.4 
Transfer of Uncertificated Warrants 
1.2.4.1 Transfer of EUI Warrants 
All transactions in respect of EUI Warrants (including transfers thereof) in the open market or otherw ise must be effected 
through an account at the Operator subject to and in accordance w ith the rules and procedures for the time being of the 
Operator. Title w ill pass upon registration of the transfer in the Operator register of corporate Securities. 
1.2.4.2 Transfer of Uncertificated Nordic Warrants 
As far as the application of the General Terms and Conditions is concerned, title to Uncertificated Nordic Warrants shall 
pass by registration in the relevant Nordic Register. 
Beneficial interests in Uncertificated Nordic Warrants w ill be transferable only in accordance w ith the relevant Uncertificated 
Nordic Warrants CSD Rules. Title to such beneficial interests in the Uncertificated Nordic Warrants shall pass in the records 
maintained by the relevant Uncertificated Nordic Warrants CSD in accordance w ith the relevant Uncertificated Nordic 
Warrants CSD Rules. 
1.2.4.3 Transfer of Uncertificated SIS Warrants 
Uncertificated SIS Warrants constituting Intermediated Securities may only be transferred by the entry of the transferred 
Uncertificated SIS Warrants in a securities account of the transferee and the holders of such Uncertificated SIS Warrants 
w ill be the persons holding such Uncertificated SIS Warrants in a securities account (Effektenkonto) that is in their name, 
or, in the case of intermediaries (Verwahrungsstellen), the intermediaries (Verwahrungsstellen) holding such Uncertificated 
SIS Warrants for their ow n account in a securities account (Effektenkonto) that is in their name (and the expressions 
“Warrantholder” and “holder of Warrants” and related expressions shall be construed accordingly). 
1.2.4.4 Left blank intentionally 
1.2.4.5 Transfer of Uncertificated Spanish Warrants 
Transfers of the Uncertificated Spanish Warrants shall be made in accordance w ith and governed by the SMA and the 
rules and procedures of Iberclear. 
1.2.4.6 Transfer of Uncertificated Italian Warrants 
Beneficial interests in Uncertificated Italian Warrants w ill be transferable only in accordance w ith the Italian CSD Rules. 
Title to such beneficial interests in the Uncertificated Italian Warrants shall pass in the records maintained by the Italian  
CSD in accordance w ith the Italian CSD Rules. 
The Issuer and/or the Agent shall be entitled to obtain information from the register of the Italian CSD to the extent permitted 
in the Italian CSD Rules.

--- Page 161 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
 
161 
 
1.2.5 
Left blank intentionally 
1.2.6 
Left blank intentionally 
1.2.7 
Costs of registration 
Warrantholders w ill not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any registration of transfer as provided 
above, except for any costs or expenses of delivery other than by regular uninsured mail and except that the Issuer may 
require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any stamp duty, tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed 
in relation to the registration. 
1.2.8 
Definitions – Transfer to Permitted Transferees 
In these General Terms and Conditions, the follow ing expressions shall have the follow ing meanings: 
IRS U.S. Person means a U.S. person as defined in paragraph 7701(a)(30) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986; 
Permitted Transferee means any person w ho: 
(i) 
is not a U.S. Person; and 
(ii) 
is not a person w ho comes w ithin any definition of U.S. person for the purposes of the CEA or any CFTC Rule, 
guidance or order proposed or issued under the CEA (for the avoidance of doubt, any person w ho is not a 
“Non-United States person” defined under CFTC Rule 4.7(a)(1)(iv), but excluding, for purposes of subsection (D) 
thereof, the exception for qualified eligible persons w ho are not “Non-United States persons”, shall be considered 
a U.S. person); and 
(iii) 
is not a Risk Retention U.S. Person. 
Regulation S means Regulation S under the Securities Act; 
Regulation S U.S. Person means a U.S. Person as defined in Regulation S; 
Risk Retention U.S. Person means a "U.S. person" for purposes of the U.S. Risk Retention Rules; 
Securities Act means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended; 
U.S. Person means (i) Regulation S U.S. Person unless the applicable Final Terms specify that IRS U.S. Person is also 
applicable, or (ii) if in case of SGI Index Linked Warrants, Advised SGI Index is applicable or if in case of Portfolio Linke d 
Warrants, Dynamic Portfolio is applicable, a person w ho is either a Regulation S U.S. Person or an IRS U.S. Person unless 
the applicable Final Terms specify that only a Regulation S U.S. Person is applicable; 
U.S. Risk Retention Rules means the final rules implementing the credit risk retention requirements of Section 15G of 
the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
Warrants may not at any time be offered, sold, resold, traded, pledged, exercised, transferred or delivered, directly or 
indirectly, in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a person that is not a Permitted Transferee and any 
offer, sale, resale, pledge, exercise, transfer or delivery made, directly or indirectly, w ithin the United States or to or f or the 
account or benefit of, a person that is not a Permitted Transferee w ill not be recognised. Warrants may not be legally or 
beneficially ow ned at any time by any person that is not a Permitted Transferee and accordingly are being offered and sold 
in offshore transactions (as defined in Regulation S) to persons that are Permitted Transferees. 
1.3 
Exchanges 
A beneficial interest in a Global Warrant w ill, subject to and compliance w ith all applicable legal and regulatory restrictions, 
w ill be exchangeable for a Definitive Warrant or for a beneficial interest in another Global Warrant only in accordance w ith

--- Page 162 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
 
162 
 
the rules and operating procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, or Iberclear as the case may be, and 
in accordance w ith the terms and conditions specified in the relevant Agency Agreement. 
A Bearer Global Warrant or a Registered Global Warrant w ill be exchangeable (free of charge), in w hole but not in part, 
for Definitive Registered Warrants in the event of the occurrence of any of the circumstances described in (i), (ii) or (iii) 
below  (each, an Exchange Event) or by the Issuer in the event of the occurrence of the circumstances described in (iii) 
below : 
(i) 
if applicable, an Event of Default (as defined in Condition 8 below ) has occurred and is continuing; 
(ii) 
if the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear, Clearstream or Iberclear have been closed for business for a 
continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherw ise) or announce an intention 
permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and no successor clearing system is available; or 
(iii) 
on the occasion of the next payment in respect of any Bearer Warrants, the Issuer w ould be required to pay 
additional amounts as referred to in Condition 4 below  and such payment w ould not be required w ere the Warrants 
in definitive form. 
The Issuer w ill promptly give notice to Warrantholders in accordance w ith Condition 12 below  if an Exchange Event occurs. 
In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream or Iberclear (acting on the instructions 
of any holder of an interest in such Global Warrant) may give notice to the Fiscal Agent requesting exchange. Any such 
exchange shall occur not later than 10 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Fiscal Agent. 
1.4 
Left blank intentionally 
1.5 
Conversion of currency 
The Issuer may w ithout the consent of the Warrantholders, by giving at least 30 days' notice in accordance w ith Condition 
12, and on or after the date on w hich a Member State of the European Union w hose national currency is the same as the 
Settlement Currency has become a participating Member State in the third stage of the European Economic and Monetary 
Union (as provided in the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union (the EU), as amended from time to time (the 
Treaty)) or events have occurred w hich have substantially the same ef fects (in either case, EMU), change the currency of 
all, but not some only, of the Warrants of any Issue, into Euro and adjust any term of the Warrants as the Calculation Agent 
deems appropriate to give effect to such change (including, w ithout limitation, the Settlement Amount, Exercise Price, the 
Parity (if applicable), the Settlement Currency of the Warrants). The date on w hich such change becomes effective shall 
be referred to in these General Terms and Conditions as the Currency Conversion Date. 
The change of currency of the Warrants pursuant to the above paragraph shall be made by converting the relevant amount 
or price applicable to the Warrants, from the relevant national currency into Euro using the fixed relevant national currency 
Euro conversion rate established by the Council of the European Union pursuant to Article 140 of the Treaty and rounding 
the resultant figure to the nearest 0.01 Euro (w ith 0.005 Euro being rounded upw ards), provided that, if the Issuer 
determines, w ith the agreement of the Fiscal Agent that the then market practice in respect of the conversion in Euro of 
internationally offered Warrants is different from the provisions specified above, such provisions shall be deemed to be 
amended so as to comply w ith such market practice and the Issuer shall promptly notify the Warrantholders, the stock 
exchange (if any) on w hich the Warrants may be listed and the Paying Agents of such deemed amendments. 
The conversion rate applicable and the amounts in Euro so determined shall be notified to Warrantholders in accordance 
w ith Condition 12. Any balance remaining from the change of currency in an amount higher than 0.01 Euro shall be paid 
by w ay of cash adjustment rounded to the nearest 0.01 Euro (w ith 0.005 Euro being rounded upw ards). Such cash 
adjustment w ill be payable in Euros on the Currency Conversion Date. 
Upon conversion of currency of the Warrants, any reference hereon to the relevant national currency shall be construed 
as a reference to Euro. 
The Issuer may, w ith prior approval of the Fiscal Agent, w ithout the consent of the Warrantholders in connection w ith any 
conversion of currency or any consolidation pursuant to Condition 13, on giving not less than 30 days' prior notice to the

--- Page 163 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
 
163 
 
Warrantholders in accordance w ith Condition 12, make any changes or additions to these General Terms and Conditions 
w hich it reasonably believes to be necessary or desirable to give effect to the provisions of this Condition 1.5 or Condition 
12 (including, w ithout limitation, any change to any applicable business day definition, business day convention, principal 
financial centre of the country of the Settlement Currency, interest accrual basis or benchmark), taking into account market 
practice in respect of redenominated euromarket debt obligations and w hich it believes are not prejudicial to the interests 
of the Warrantholders. Any such changes or additions shall be notified to Warrantholders in accordance w ith Condition 12 
as soon as practicable thereafter. 
Neither the Issuer nor any Paying Agent shall be liable to any Warrantholder or other person for any commissions, costs, 
losses or expenses in relation to or resulting from the credit or transfer of Euro or any currency conversion or rounding 
effected in connection therew ith. 
Any such changes or additions made pursuant to this Condition w ill, in the absence of manifest or proven error, be 
conclusive and binding on the Warrantholders and shall be notified to Warrantholders in accordance w ith Condition 12 as 
soon as practicable thereafter. 
2. 
STATUS OF THE WARRANTS AND GUARANTEE 
2.1 
Warrants issued by Societe Generale 
Warrants issued by Societe Generale w ill constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of 
the Issuer ranking as senior preferred obligations, as provided for in Article L. 613-30-3 I 3° of the French Code Monétaire 
et Financier (the Code). 
Such Warrants rank and w ill rank equally and rateably w ithout any preference or priority among themselves and: 
(i) 
pari passu w ith all other direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of Societe Generale 
outstanding as of the date of the entry into force of the law  no. 2016-1691 (the Law) on 11 December 2016; 
(ii) 
pari passu w ith all other present or future direct, unconditional, unsecured and senior preferred obligations (as 
provided for in Article L. 613-30-3 I 3° of the Code) of Societe Generale issued after the date of the entry into 
force of the Law  on 11 December 2016; 
(iii) 
junior to all present or future claims of Societe Generale benefiting from statutorily preferred exceptions; and 
(iv) 
senior to all present and future senior non-preferred obligations (as provided for in Article L. 613-30-3 I 4° of the 
Code) of Societe Generale. 
2.2 
Warrants issued by SG Issuer or SG Effekten 
2.2.1 
Warrants (other than Secured Warrants) issued by SG Issuer or SG Effekten 
Warrants w ill constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of SG Issuer or SG Effekten and 
w ill rank pari passu w ithout any preference among themselves and (subject to such exceptions as from time to time exist 
under applicable law ) at least pari passu w ith all other outstanding direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of SG Issuer or SG Effekten, present and future. 
2.2.2 
Secured Warrants issued by SG Issuer only 
Secured Warrants issued by SG Issuer w ill constitute direct, unconditional, secured, limited recourse and unsubordinated 
obligations of SG Issuer and w ill rank pari passu w ithout any preference among themselves and (subject to such exceptions 
as from time to time exist under applicable law ) at least pari passu w ith all other outstanding direct, unconditional, secured, 
limited recourse and unsubordinated obligations of SG Issuer, present and future.

--- Page 164 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
 
164 
 
2.3 
Guarantee in the case of Warrants issued by SG Issuer or SG Effekten 
The due and punctual payment of any amounts due by the Issuer in respect of any Issue of Warrants issued by SG Issuer 
or SG Effekten is unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the Guarantor as provided in the guarantee made as of 
28 June 2021 (the Guarantee and each such amount payable under the Guarantee, a Guarantee Obligation) the text of 
w hich is set out in "Guarantee" in the Base Prospectus dated 28 June 2021; provided that in the case of any Physical 
Delivery Warrants in respect of w hich the relevant guaranteed obligation of the Issuer is an obligation to transfer the 
Deliverable Asset(s) in respect of a Physical Delivery Amount, the Guarantor shall, in lieu of such transfer, be obliged to 
pay a cash amount in the Settlement Currency equal to the fair market value (as determined by the Calculation Agent on 
or about the due date for transfer of the relevant Deliverable Asset(s) in respect of the Physical Delivery Amount) of the 
Deliverable Asset(s) in respect of the Physical Delivery Amount. 
The Guarantee Obligations w ill constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantor 
ranking as senior preferred obligations, as provided for in Article L. 613-30-3 I 3° of the Code. 
Such Guarantee Obligations rank and w ill rank equally and rateably w ithout any pref erence or priority among themselves 
and: 
(i) 
pari passu w ith all other direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantor 
outstanding as of the date of the entry into force of the Law  on 11 December 2016; 
(ii) 
pari passu w ith all other present or future direct, unconditional, unsecured and senior preferred obligations (as 
provided for in Article L. 613-30-3 I 3° of the Code) of the Guarantor issued after the date of the entry into force 
of the Law  on 11 December 2016; 
(iii) 
junior to all present or future claims of the Guarantor benefiting from the statutorily preferred exceptions; and 
(iv) 
senior to all present and future senior non-preferred obligations (as provided for in Article L.613-30-3 I 4° of the 
Code) of the Guarantor. 
3. 
TYPE OF WARRANTS AND WARRANT EXERCISE PROCEDURE 
3.1 
Type of Warrants 
The Final Terms w ill specify w hether the Warrants are American Style Warrants or European Style Warrants. European 
Style Warrants are also know n as Fixed Scheduled Exercise Style Warrants. Where the Final Terms specify that the 
Warrants are Fixed Scheduled Exercise Style Warrants, any references in the Base Prospectus and in the applicable Final 
Terms to "European Style Warrants" shall be deemed to be a reference to Fixed Scheduled Exercise Style Warrants. 
The Final Terms w ill specify w hether: 
(i) 
automatic exercise (Automatic Exercise) applies to the Warrants or w hether the Warrants are subject to Manual 
Exercise in accordance w ith Conditions 3.4.1 to 3.4.6 (inclusive) and 3.4.7; 
(ii) 
the Warrants are subject to maximum (in the case of American Style Warrants only) and minimum exercise 
amounts in accordance w ith Condition 3.3 below ; and 
(iii) 
the Warrants may only be exercised in units (Units). 
If Units are specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Warrants must be exercised in Units and any Exercise Notice w hich 
purports to exercise Warrants in breach of this provision shall be null and void.

--- Page 165 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
 
165 
 
3.2 
Exercise rights 
3.2.1 
American Style Warrants 
Unless previously exercised or cancelled, American Style Warrants are capable of being exercised on any Business Day 
during the Exercise Period or, if applicable or relevant, in accordance w ith the provisions of Conditions 5.4.1.1, 5.4.1.2, 
5.4.1.3, 5.4.2 and 5.5. 
Where Automatic Exercise does not apply 
If Automatic Exercise is not specified as applying to the Warrants in the Final Terms, any American Style Warrant w ith 
respect to w hich no Exercise Notice (as defined below ) has been delivered in the manner set out in Condition 3.4 below , 
at or prior to 10.00 a.m. (Local Time) in respect of the relevant Clearing System (in the case of a Global Warrant), Registrar 
(in the case of a Definitive Registered Warrant), Agent (in the case of an Uncertificated Nordic Warrant), EUI Agent (in the 
case of an EUI Warrant), Sw iss Principal Paying Agent (in the case of an Uncertificated Sw iss Warrant) on the Expiration 
Date, shall become void. 
Where Automatic Exercise does apply 
If Automatic Exercise is specified as applying to the Warrants in the applicable Final Terms, any such American Style 
Warrant shall, unless such Warrant has been exercised previously by the valid delivery of an Exercise Notice in the manner 
set out in this Condition 3.4 below , be automatically exercised on behalf of the Warrantholders on the Expiration Date and 
the provisions of Condition 3.4.7 below  shall apply. In such cases an Exercise Notice shall be deemed to be served prior 
to 10.00 a.m. (Local Time) on the Expiration Date in accordance w ith the paragraph below . 
Exercise Procedure 
The Business Day during the Exercise Period on w hich an Exercise Notice is delivered or deemed delivered in respect of 
an American Style Warrant in accordance w ith these General Terms and Conditions is referred to herein as the Actual 
Exercise Date. If any Exercise Notice is received or deemed delivered in accordance w ith these General Terms and 
Conditions after 10.00 a.m. (Local Time) on any Business Day during the Exercise Period, such Exercise Notice w ill be 
deemed to have been delivered on the next Business Day, w hich Business Day shall be deemed to be the Actual Exercise 
Date, provided that any such Warrant in respect of w hich no Exercise Notice has been delivered in the manner set out in 
Condition 3.4 below  at or prior to 10.00 a.m. (Local Time) on the Expiration Date shall (A) if Automatic Exercise is not 
specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, become void or (B) if Automatic Exercise is specified as applying in 
the applicable Final Terms, be automatically exercised on the Expiration Date as provided above. 
3.2.2 
European Style Warrants 
Unless previously exercised or cancelled, European Style Warrants are capable of being exercised on the Expiration Date 
or, if applicable or relevant, in accordance w ith the provisions of Conditions 5.4.1.1, 5.4.1.2, 5.4.1.3, 5.4.2 and 5.5. 
Where Automatic Exercise does not apply 
If Automatic Exercise is not specified as applying to the Warrants in the applicable Final Terms, any European Style 
Warrant w ith respect to w hich no Exercise Notice has been delivered in the manner set out in Condition 3.4 below , at or 
prior to 10.00 a.m. (Local Time) on the Expiration Date, shall become void. 
Where Automatic Exercise does apply 
If Automatic Exercise is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms each European Style Warrant shall be 
automatically exercised on behalf of the Warrantholders on the Expiration Date and the provisions of Condition 3.4.7 below 
shall apply.

--- Page 166 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
 
166 
 
3.3 
Minimum and Maximum Number of Warrants Exercisable 
The minimum and maximum number of Warrants exercisable by any Warrantholder on any Exercise Date (respectively, 
the Minimum Exercise Number and Maximum Exercise Number) shall be specified in the applicable Final Terms. The 
number of Warrants exercisable by a Warrantholder on any Exercise Date must be equal to the Minimum Exercise Number 
or any integral multiple thereof and (except on the Expiration Date) may not exceed the Maximum Exercise Number. Any 
Exercise Notice w hich purports to exercise Warrants in an amount less than the Minimum Exercise Number (or in a number 
w hich is not an integral multiple of the minimum number) shall be void and of no effect. Any Exercise Notice w hich purports 
to exercise (except on the Expiration Date) Warrants in an amount in excess of the Maximum Exercise Number shall be 
void and of no effect in respect of such excess provided that: 
(1) 
only if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Warrants subject to the Maximum Exercise Number shall be 
selected at the Issuer's discretion (or in any other manner specified in the applicable Final Terms); and 
(2) 
unless otherw ise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Warrants tendered for exercise pursuant to such 
Exercise Notice in excess of such Maximum Exercise Number w ill be automatically exercised on each next date 
on w hich Warrants may be exercised subject alw ays (except on the Expiration Date) to the Maximum Exercise 
Number. 
The minimum number (or an integral multiple thereof) of Warrants that may be traded by a Warrantholder (the Minimum 
Trading Number) shall be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If the Warrants are American Style Warrants and are listed on the Italian Stock Exchange (Borsa Italiana S.p.A.), the Final 
Terms w ill specify the Maximum Number of Warrants to be exercised on each Business Day. 
3.4 
Exercise Procedure 
3.4.1 
Exercise Notice in respect of Global Warrants 
Subject as provided in Condition 3.4.7, Warrants represented by a Global Warrant may only be exercised by the delivery, 
or the sending by fax, of a duly completed exercise notice (an Exercise Notice) in the form set out in the Agency Agreement 
(copies of w hich form may be obtained from the relevant Clearing System and the Agent during normal office hours) to the 
relevant Clearing System, w ith a copy to the Agent in accordance w ith the provisions set out in this Condition 3. 
The Exercise Notice shall: 
(i) 
specify the relevant Issue of the Warrants and the number of Warrants being exercised and, if Units are specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, the number of Units being exercised; 
(ii) 
specify the number of the Warrantholder's securities account at the relevant Clearing System to be debited w ith 
the Warrants; 
(iii) 
irrevocably instruct the relevant Clearing System to debit on or before the Settlement Date the Warrantholder's 
Warrants account w ith the Warrants being exercised; 
(iv) 
specify, in the case of Cash Settled Warrants, the number of the Warrantholder's account at the relevant Clearing 
System to be credited w ith the Cash Settlement Amount (if any) for each Warrant or Unit, as the case may be, 
being exercised; 
(v) 
specify, in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants, such details as are required by the applicable Final Terms for 
delivery of the Deliverable Asset(s) relating to such Physical Delivery Amount w hich may include account details 
and/or the name and address of any person(s) into w hose name evidence of such Deliverable Asset(s) is to be 
registered and/or any bank, broker or agent to w hom documents evidencing the Deliverable Asset(s) are to be 
delivered;

--- Page 167 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
 
167 
 
(vi) 
include an undertaking to pay all expenses and any other amounts due from the Warrantholder to the Issuer 
under the Warrants being exercised (including, in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants, the Exercise Price 
divided, if applicable, by the Parity), and an authority to the relevant Clearing System to deduct an amount in 
respect thereof from any amount due to such Warrantholder (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Cash 
Settlement Amount) and/or to debit a specified account of the Warrantholder at the relevant Clearing System; 
(vii) 
certify that the beneficial ow ner of each Warrant being exercised is not a U.S. Person and is a person w ho is 
(1) located outside the United States, and w ho is (2) not a U.S. person (as defined in Regulation S) or a Non-U.S. 
Person (as defined in Rule 4.7 under the Commodity Exchange Act (as such terms may be amended from time 
to time)), the Warrant is not being exercised w ithin the United States or on behalf of a U.S. Person and no cash, 
securities or other property has been or w ill be delivered w ithin the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, a U.S. Person or any person in the United States in connection w ith any exercise thereof; and, w here 
appropriate, undertake to provide such various forms of certification in respect of restrictions under the securities, 
commodities, tax and other law s of the United States of America as indicated and set out in the applicable Final 
Terms; and 
(viii) 
authorise the production of such certification in any applicable administrative or legal proceedings, 
all as provided in the Agency Agreement. 
3.4.2 
Exercise Notice in respect of Definitive Registered Warrants 
Subject as provided in Condition 3.4.7 below , Definitive Registered Warrants may only be exercised by the delivery in 
w riting of an Exercise Notice in the form set out in the Agency Agreement (copies of w hich form may be obtained from the 
Registrar) to the Registrar w ith a copy to the Agent in accordance w ith the provisions set out in this Condition 3. 
The Exercise Notice shall: 
(i) 
specify the relevant Issue of the Warrants and the number of Warrants being exercised and, if Units are specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, the number of Units being exercised; 
(ii) 
irrevocably instruct the Registrar to remove from the Register on or before the Settlement Date the Warrants 
being exercised; 
(iii) 
specify, in the case of Cash Settled Warrants, the details of the account to be credited w ith the Cash Settlement 
Amount (if any) for each Warrant or Unit, as the case may be, being exercised; 
(iv) 
specify, in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants, such details as are required by the applicable Final Terms for 
delivery of the Deliverable Asset(s) relating to the Physical Delivery Amount w hich may include account details 
and/or the name and address of any person(s) into w hose name evidence of such Deliverable Asset(s) is to be 
registered and/or any bank, broker or agent to w hom documents evidencing the Deliverable Asset(s) are to be 
delivered; 
(v) 
include an undertaking to pay all Expenses and any other amounts due from the Warrantholder to the Issuer 
under the Warrants being exercised (including, in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants, the Exercise Price 
divided, if applicable, by Parity) and an authority to the Registrar to deduct an amount in respect thereof from any 
amount due to the relevant Warrantholder (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Cash Settlement Amount); 
(vi) 
certify that the beneficial ow ner of each such Warrant being exercised is not a U.S. Person and is a person who 
is (1) located outside the United States, and w ho is (2) not a U.S. person (as defined in Regulation S) or a 
Non-U.S. Person (as defined in Rule 4.7 under the Commodity Exchange Act (as such terms may be amended 
from time to time)), the Warrant is not being exercised w ithin the United States or on behalf of a U.S. Person and 
no cash, Warrants or other property has been or w ill be delivered w ithin the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, a U.S. Person or any person in the United States in connection w ith any exercise thereof; and, w here 
appropriate, undertake to provide such various forms of certification in respect of restrictions under the Warrants,

--- Page 168 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
 
168 
 
commodities, tax and other law s of the United States of America as indicated and set out in the applicable Final 
Terms; and 
(vii) 
authorise the production of such certification in any applicable administrative or legal proceedings, 
all as provided in the Agency Agreement. 
3.4.3 
Exercise Notice in respect of Uncertificated Warrants 
Subject as provided in Condition 3.4.7, Uncertificated Warrants may only be exercised by the delivery in w riting of an 
Exercise Notice in the form set out in the Agency Agreement (copies of w hich form may be obtained from the Agent) to the 
Agent, and in accordance w ith the provisions set out in this Condition 3. 
The Exercise Notice shall: 
(i) 
specify the relevant Issue of the Warrants and the number of Warrants being exercised and, if Units are specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, the number of Units being exercised; 
(ii) 
specify, in the case of Cash Settled Warrants, the details of the account to be credited w ith the Cash Settlement 
Amount (if any) for each Warrant or Unit, as the case may be, being exercised; 
(iii) 
specify, in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants, such details as are required by the applicable Final Terms for 
delivery of the Physical Delivery Amount w hich may include account details and/or the name and address of any 
person(s) into w hose name evidence of the Physical Delivery Amount is to be registered and/or any bank, broker  
or agent to w hom documents evidencing the Physical Delivery Amount are to be delivered; 
(iv) 
include an undertaking to pay all Expenses and any other amounts due from the Warrantholder to the Issuer 
under the Warrants being exercised (including, in the case of  Physical Delivery Warrants, the Exercise Price 
divided, if applicable, by Parity) and an authority to the Registrar to deduct an amount in respect thereof from any 
amount due to the relevant Warrantholder (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Cash Settlement Amount); 
(v) 
certify that the beneficial ow ner of each such Warrant being exercised is not a U.S. Person and is a person who 
is (1) located outside the United States, and w ho is (2) not a U.S. person (as defined in Regulation S) or a 
Non-U.S. Person (as defined in Rule 4.7 under the Commodity Exchange Act (as such terms may be amended 
from time to time)), the Warrant is not being exercised w ithin the United States or on behalf of a U.S. Person and 
no cash, securities or other property has been or w ill be delivered w ithin the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, a U.S. Person or any person in the United States in connection w ith any exercise thereof; and, w here 
appropriate, undertake to provide such various forms of certification in respect of restrictions under the securities, 
commodities, tax and other law s of the United States of America as indicated and set out in the applicable Final 
Terms; and 
(vi) 
authorise the production of such certification in any applicable administrative or legal proceedings, 
all as provided in the Agency Agreement or in the EUI Agency Agreement as the case may be. 
3.4.4 
Verification of the Warrantholder 
In the case of Global Warrants, upon receipt of an Exercise Notice, the relevant Clearing System shall verify that the person 
exercising the Warrants is the Warrantholder according to the books of such Clearing System. Subject thereto, the relevant 
Clearing System w ill confirm to the Agent the relevant Issue and the number of Warrants being exercised and, in the case 
of Cash Settled Warrants, the account details, if applicable, for the payment of the Cash Settlement Amount of each 
Warrant or Unit, as the case may be, being exercised and, in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants, such details as are 
required by the applicable Final Terms for delivery of the Physical Delivery Amount (if any). Upon receipt of such 
confirmation, the Agent w ill inform the Issuer thereof. The relevant Clearing System w ill on or before the Settlement Date 
debit the securities account of the relevant Warrantholder w ith the Warrants being exercised. If the Warrants are American 
Style Warrants, upon exercise of less than all the Warrants constituted by the Global Warrant, the Common Depositary

--- Page 169 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
 
169 
 
w ill, on the instructions of, and on behalf of the Agent, note such exercise on the schedule to such Global Warrant and the 
number of Warrants so constituted shall be reduced by the cancellation to the extent of the Warrants so exercised. 
In the case of Definitive Registered Warrants, upon receipt of an Exercise Notice, the Registrar shall verify that the person 
exercising the Warrants is the Warrantholder according to the Register. Subject thereto, the Registrar shall confirm to the 
Issuer and the Agent the relevant Issue and the number of Warrants being exercised and in respect of each Warrant being 
exercised, in the case of Cash Settled Warrants, the account details, if applicable, for the payment of the Cash Settlement 
Amount or, in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants, such details as are required by the applicable Final Terms for delivery 
of the Physical Delivery Amount (if any). The Registrar w ill on or before the Settlement Date remove from the Register the 
Warrants being exercised. 
In the case of Uncertificated Warrants, upon receipt of an Exercise Notice, the Agent shall verify that the person exercising 
the Warrants is the Warrantholder. Subject thereto, the Agent shall confirm to the Issuer the relevant Issue and the number 
of Warrants being exercised and, in the case of Cash Settled Warrants, the account details, if applicable, for the payment 
of the Cash Settlement Amount of each Warrant or Unit, as the case may be, being exercised and, in the case of Physical 
Delivery Warrants, such details as are required by the applicable Final Terms for delivery of the Physical Delivery Amount 
(if any). The Agent w ill on or before the Settlement Date remove from the Record the Warrants being exercised. 
3.4.5 
Determinations 
Any determination as to w hether an Exercise Notice is duly completed and in proper form shall be made by (i) in the case 
of Global Warrants, the relevant Clearing System, (ii) in the case of Definitive Registered Warrants, the Registrar or (iii) in 
the case of Uncertificated Warrants, by the relevant Agent, in each case other than in relation to EUI Warrants in 
consultation w ith the Agent and shall be conclusive and binding on the Issuer, the Agents and the relevant Warrantholder. 
Subject as set out below , any Exercise Notice so determined to be incomplete or not in proper form, or w hich is not copied 
to the Agent or the Issuer, as the case may be, immediately after being delivered or sent to the relevant Clearing System, 
Agent or Registrar, as applicable, shall be null and void. In the absence of negligence or w ilful misconduct on its part, the 
Issuer shall not be liable to any person w ith respect to any action taken or omitted to be taken by it in connection w ith such 
determination or the notification of such determination to a Warrantholder. 
If such Exercise Notice is subsequently corrected to the satisfaction of the relevant Clearing System, Agent or Registrar, 
as applicable, in consultation w ith the Agent, it shall be deemed to be a new  Exercise Notice submitted at the time such 
correction w as delivered to the relevant Clearing System, Agent or Registrar, as the case may be. 
If Automatic Exercise is not specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, any Warrant w ith respect to w hich the 
Exercise Notice has not been duly completed and delivered in the manner set out above before the Expiration Date shall 
become void. 
The relevant Clearing System, Agent or Registrar, as the case may be, shall use its best efforts promptly to notify the 
Warrantholder submitting an Exercise Notice if, in consultation w ith the Agent, it has determined that such Exercis e Notice 
is incomplete or not in proper form. In the absence of negligence or w ilful misconduct on its part, none of the Issuer, the 
Agents, the Registrar or the relevant Clearing System shall be liable to any person w ith respect to any action taken or 
omitted to be taken by it in connection w ith such determination or the notification of such determination to a Warrantholder.  
3.4.6 
Delivery of an Exercise Notice 
Delivery of an Exercise Notice shall constitute an irrevocable election by the relevant Warrantholder to exercise the 
Warrants specified. After the delivery of such Exercise Notice, such exercising Warrantholder may not transfer such 
Warrants. 
3.4.7 
Automatic Exercise 
This Condition 3.4.7 only applies to Cash Settled Warrants w here Automatic Exercise is specified as applying in the 
applicable Final Terms, in w hich case any Warrants w ill be automatically exercised as provided in Condition 3.2. 
Automatic Exercise is conditional upon the Cash Settlement Amount being greater than zero.

--- Page 170 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
 
170 
 
Where Automatic Exercise applies in respect of Warrants represented by a Global Warrant and unless otherw ise provided 
in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Warrantholders w ill not be required to deliver an Exercise Notice or take any 
other action in order to receive the Cash Settlement Amount (if any) in respect of such Warrants and/or Units held by them 
and instead the Warrants shall be deemed to have been exercised automatically on their behalf in the manner described 
in Condition 3.2. The Cash Settlement Amount w ill be determined by or on behalf of the Issuer in accordance w ith the 
applicable Terms and Conditions and the Issuer shall transfer or cause to be transferred to each Clearing System through 
w hich such Warrants are held an amount equal to the aggregate of the relevant Cash Settlement Amount. The relevant 
Clearing System shall, subject to having received such aggregate Cash Settlement Amount on the Settlement Date, credit 
the relevant account of each Warrantholder of such Warrant(s) in its books w ith an amount equal to the aggregate Cash 
Settlement Amount relating to the Warrant(s) held by such Warrantholder and on or before the Settlement Date debit such 
account w ith the number of Warrants exercised and in respect of w hich such Cash Settlement Amount is being paid. The 
Issuer shall have no responsibility for the crediting by the relevant Clearing System of any such amounts to any such 
accounts. 
Where Automatic Exercise applies in respect of Warrants w hich are Uncertificated Warrants and unless otherw ise provided 
in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Warrantholders w ill not be required to deliver an Exercise Notice or take any 
other action in order to receive the Cash Settlement Amount (if any) in respect of such Warrants and/or Units held by them 
and instead the Warrants shall be deemed to have been exercised automatically on their behalf in the manner described 
in Condition 3.2. 
The Cash Settlement Amount w ill be determined by or on behalf of the Issuer in accordance w ith the applicable Terms and 
Conditions and, further to w hich, the Agent shall cause the Cash Settlement Amount (if any) to be paid to the relevant 
Warrantholder in accordance w ith Condition 4 and shall instruct the Operator to debit on or prior to the Settlement Date 
the Warrantholder's account w ith the Warrants or Units to w hich the Exercise Notice relates. 
Notw ithstanding the foregoing and unless otherw ise provided in the applicable Final Terms, in the case of Warrants w hich 
are Definitive Registered Warrants, in order to receive the relevant Cash Settlement Amount in respect of a Warrant or 
Unit, as the case may be, the relevant Warrantholder must deliver in w riting a duly completed Exercise Notice together 
w ith the relevant Definitive Registered Warrant to the Registrar w ith a copy to the Agent, on any Business Day until not 
later than 10.00 a.m., Local time, on the day (the Cut-off Date) falling 180 days after (x) the Actual Exercise Date, in the 
case of American Style Warrants or (y) the Expiration Date, in the case of European Style Warrants. The Exercise Notice 
shall include the applicable information set out in the Exercise Notice referred to in Condition 3.4.2. The Business Day 
during the period from the Expiration Date or the Actual Exercise Date, as the case may be, until the Cut-off Date on w hich 
an Exercise Notice is delivered to the Registrar, and a copy thereof delivered to the A gent, is referred to in this Condition 
3.4.7 as the Exercise Notice Delivery Date, provided that if the Exercise Notice is received by the Registrar or the copy 
thereof received by the Agent after 10.00 a.m., Local time, on any Business Day, such Exercise Notice shall be deemed 
to have been delivered on the next Business Day, w hich Business Day shall be deemed to be the Exercise Notice Delivery 
Date. 
In the event that a Warrantholder does not, w here applicable, so deliver an Exercise Notice prior to 10.00 a.m., Local Time, 
on the Cut-off Date, the Issuer's and Guarantor's obligations in respect of such Warrants shall be discharged and no further 
liability or obligation in respect thereof shall attach to the Issuer. For the avoidance of doubt, a Warrantholder shall not be 
entitled to any payment in respect of the period from the Actual Exercise Date to the Settlement Date. 
3.4.8 
Exercise Risk 
Exercise of the Warrants is subject to all applicable law s, regulations and practices in force on the relevant date on w hich 
such exercise takes place and neither the Issuer nor the Agent shall incur any liability w hatsoever if it is unable to effect 
the transactions contemplated as a result of any such law s, regulations or practices. None of the Issuer or the Agents shall 
under any circumstances be liable for any acts or defaults of the relevant Clearing System in relation to the performance 
of its duties in relation to the Warrants. 
3.5 
Agent's duties 
Subject to the Warrants validly exercised in the manner set out above, the applicable Agent shall, on or before the 
Settlement Date, comply w ith the instructions given to it in the relevant Exercise Notice.

--- Page 171 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
 
171 
 
3.6 
General 
For the purpose of this Condition 3: 
Business Day means (a) a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on w hich commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the relevant Financial Centre(s) (if 
applicable, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) and a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on w hich the Operator 
is open for business and (b) for the purposes of making payments in euro, any day on w hich the Trans -European 
Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) System is open. 
Exercise Date means (a) in the case of European Style Warrants, the Expiration Date or (b) in the case of American Style 
Warrants, the Business Day during the Exercise Period on w hich an Exercise Notice is validly delivered in accordance w ith 
Condition 3 or (only w here Automatic Exercise applies and if no Exercise Notice is otherw ise validly delivered in accordance 
w ith Condition 3.4.7) the Expiration Date. 
Exercise Period shall have the meaning given to it in the Final Terms. 
Exercise Price means the price specified in the applicable Final Terms, as may be amended from time to time in 
accordance w ith the Terms and Conditions. 
Expiration Date means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Local Time means the local time in the city of the relevant Clearing System (in the case of a Global Warrant), Registrar 
(in the case of a Definitive Registered Warrant) or the EUI Agent (in the case of an EUI Warrant). 
In relation to any Warrants w here Automatic Exercise is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, the expressions 
"exercise", "due exercise" and related expressions shall be construed to apply to any such Warrants w hich are 
automatically exercised on behalf of the Warrantholders in accordance w ith the above provisions. 
4. 
PAYMENTS AND DELIVERIES 
For the purposes of these General Terms and Conditions: 
References to "payment" or "repayment" (as the case may be) and other similar expressions w ill, w here the context so 
admits, be deemed also to refer to delivery of the Deliverable Asset(s) w ith respect to any Physical Delivery Amount(s). 
For the purposes of this Condition: 
Bank means a bank in the principal financial centre of the relevant currency or, in the case of euro, in a city in w hich banks 
have access to the TARGET2 System. 
4.1 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below  and, in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants, Registered Warrants or Uncertificated Warrants, 
subject also as provided in the applicable Final Terms: 
(1) 
payments in a Settlement Currency (other than euro or Renminbi) w ill be made by credit or transfer to an account 
in the Settlement Currency maintained by the payee w ith, or at the option of the payee, except in the case of 
Registered Warrants, by a cheque in such Settlement Currency draw n on, a bank in the principal financial 
centre(s) of the country of such Settlement Currency (w hich if the Settlement Currency is Australian Dollar, shall 
be Sydney and, if the Settlement Currency is Canadian Dollar, shall be Montreal); 
(2) 
payments in euro w ill be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to w hich euro may be 
credited or transferred) specified by the payee;

--- Page 172 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
 
172 
 
(3) 
payments in Renminbi shall be made solely by credit to a Renminbi bank account maintained at a bank in Hong 
Kong in accordance w ith applicable law s, rules, regulations and guidelines issued from time to time; 
(4) 
in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants and subject to Condition 4.12.5: 
(i) 
transfer of the Deliverable Asset(s) in respect of any Physical Delivery Amount w ill be effected by the Delivery (a) 
to, or to the order of, the Warrantholder of the relevant Deliverable Asset(s), (b) to, or to the order of, the 
Warrantholder at the risk of the relevant Warrantholder in such manner as may be specified in the transfer notice 
(the Transfer Notice, the form of w hich is annexed to the Agency Agreement) and subject to compliance w ith 
applicable securities law s; and 
(ii) 
if the applicable Final Terms specify that "Issuer’s option to vary method of settlement" is applicable, payment w ill 
be made pursuant to the provisions of Condition 4.12.2 or w here a Settlement Disruption Event has occurred, 
pursuant to the provisions of Condition 4.12.5. 
For the purposes of these General Terms and Conditions: 
Deliver means, in respect of any underlying asset, to deliver, novate, transfer (including, w here the applicable underlying 
asset is a guarantee, transfer the benefit of the guarantee), assign or sell, as appropriate, in a manner customary for the 
settlement of the applicable underlying asset (w hich shall include executing all necessary documentation and taking any 
other necessary actions), in order to convey all right, title and interest in the underlying asset free and clear of any and all 
liens, charges, claims or encumbrances (including, w ithout limitation, any counterclaim, defence (other than an Exempt 
Counterclaim or Defence) or right of set off by or of the obligor w ith respect to the underlying asset); provided that w here 
the underlying asset is a Loan Participation, Deliver means to create (or procure the creation of) a participation in favour 
of the Warrantholder and, w here the underlying asset is a guarantee, Deliver means to Deliver both the guarantee and 
the underlying obligation to w hich such guarantee relates. Delivery and Delivered w ill be construed accordingly. 
In the case of a loan (being any obligation that is documented by a term loan agreement, revolving loan agreement or other 
similar credit agreement), Delivery shall be effected using documentation substantially in the form of the documentation 
customarily used in the relevant market for Delivery of such loan at that time. 
Exempt Counterclaim or Defence means, in respect of any underlying asset, any defence based upon (a) any lack or 
alleged lack of authority or capacity of the relevant obligor w ith respect to the underlying asset to enter into the underlying 
asset or, w here the underlying asset is a guarantee, any lack or alleged lack of authority or capacity of the relevant obligor 
in respect of the guarantee and/or the obligor in respect of the underlying obligation to w hich such guarantee relates, (b) 
any actual or alleged unenforceability, illegality, impossibility or invalidity w ith respect to any underlying asset or, w here 
the underlying asset is a guarantee, the guarantee and/or the underlying obligation to w hich such guarantee relates, 
how ever described, (c) any applicable law , order, regulation, decree or notice, how ever described, or the promulgation of, 
or any change in, the interpretation by any court, tribunal, regulatory authority or similar administrative or judicial body w ith 
competent or apparent jurisdiction of any applicable law , order, regulation, decree or notice, how ever described, or (d) the 
imposition of, or any change in, any exchange controls, capital restrictions or any other similar restrictions imposed by any  
monetary or other authority, how ever described. 
Loan Participation means a loan in respect of w hich, pursuant to a participation agreement, the relevant Issuer is capable 
of creating, or procuring the creation of, a contractual right in favour of the relevant Warrantholder that provides the 
Warrantholder w ith recourse to the participation seller for a specified share in any payments due under the relevant loan 
w hich are received by such participation seller, any such agreement to be entered into betw een the Warrantholder and the 
Issuer (to the extent the Issuer is then a lender or a member of the relevant lending syndicate). 
4.2 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Warrant shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of Warrants represented 
by such Global Warrant and the payment obligations of the relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor w ill be 
discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Warrant in respect of each amount so paid. Each 
of the persons show n in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Iberclear or Monte Titoli, as the beneficial holder of a 
particular number of Warrants represented by a Global Warrant must look solely to Euroclear, Clearstream, Iberclear or

--- Page 173 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
 
173 
 
Monte Titoli, as the case may be, for his share of each payment so made by the relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, 
the Guarantor to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Warrant (unless otherw ise specified in the applicable Final 
Terms in relation to a physical delivery). No person other than the holder of such Global Warrant shall have any claim 
against the relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor in respect of any payments due on that Global Warrant.  
Notw ithstanding the foregoing, U.S. dollars payments in respect of Bearer Warrants (if any) w ill be made at the specified 
office of a Paying Agent in the United States (w hich expression, as used herein, means the United States (including the 
States and the District of Columbia and its possessions) if: 
(1) 
the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor have appointed Paying Agents w ith specified offices outside the United 
States w ith the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents w ould be able to make payment in U.S. dollars 
at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of any relevant payment on the Bearer 
Warrants in the manner provided above w hen due; 
(2) 
payment of the full relevant amount at all such specified offices outside the United States is illegal or effectively 
precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on the full payment, receipt of any relevant amount 
in U.S. dollars; and 
(3) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law s w ithout involving, in the opinion of the relevant Issuer 
and, as the case may be, the Guarantor, adverse tax consequences for the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor. 
No payments may be made to accounts located in the United States or, in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants, no 
certificates, instruments or underlying assets may be mailed or sent to addresses in the United States. 
4.3 
Payments in respect of Bearer Global Warrants 
Payments in respect of Warrants represented by any Bearer Global Warrants w ill be made (subject as provided below ), in 
the manner specified in the relevant Bearer Global Warrants against presentation or surrender, as  the case may be, of 
such Bearer Global Warrants at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States. A record w ill be made 
of each payment made, distinguishing, if relevant, betw een any payment, either on such Bearer Global Warrants by the 
relevant Paying Agent or in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Iberclear and Monte Titoli (as  applicable) w hich such 
clearing systems shall also record each related payment to holders of interests in the relevant Bearer Global Warrants. 
4.4 
Payments in respect of Registered Warrants 
Payments in respect of Registered Warrant (w hether or not in global form) w ill be made against presentation and surrender 
(or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of the Registered Warrant at the specified office of the 
Registrar or any of the Paying Agents. Such payments w ill be made by transfer to the Designated Account (as defined 
below ) of the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the Registered Warrant appearing in the register of holders of 
the Registered Warrants maintained by the Registrar (the Register) (i) w here in global form, at the close of the business 
day (being for this purpose a day on w hich the relevant clearing system in w hich the Warrants are held is open for business) 
before the relevant due date, and (ii) w here in definitive form, at the close of business on the third business day (being for 
this purpose a day on w hich banks are open for business in the city w here the specified office of the Registrar is located) 
before the relevant due date. Notw ithstanding the previous sentence, if (i) a holder does not have a Designated Account 
or (ii) the Cash Settlement Amount of the Warrants held by a holder is less than U.S.$250,000 (or its approximate equivalent 
in any other Settlement Currency), payment w ill instead be made by a cheque in the Settlement Currency draw n on a 
Designated Bank (as defined below ). 
For these purposes, Designated Account means the account maintained by a holder w ith a Designated Bank and 
identified as such in the Register and Designated Bank means (in the case of payment in a Settlement Currency other 
than euro or Renminbi) a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such Settlement Currency (w hich, if the 
Settlement Currency is Australian Dollar, shall be Sydney and, if the Settlement Currency is Canadian Dollar, shall be 
Montreal), and in the case of payment in a Settlement Currency w hich is (i) euro, any bank w hich processes payments in 
euro, or (ii) Renminbi, a bank in the principal financial centre of Hong Kong.

--- Page 174 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
 
174 
 
Holders of Registered Warrants w ill not be entitled to any interest or other payment for any delay in receiving any amount 
due in respect of any Registered Warrant as a result of a cheque posted in accordance w ith this Condition arriving after 
the due date for payment or being lost in the post. No commissions or expenses shall be charged to such holders by the 
Registrar in respect of any payments due under Registered Warrants. 
None of the Issuers, the Guarantor (if applicable) or the Agents w ill have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the 
records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ow nership interests in the Registered Global Warrants or 
for maintaining, supervising or review ing any records relating to such beneficial ow nership interests. 
4.5 
Payments in respect of Uncertificated Nordic Warrants, Uncertificated Italian Warrants and Uncertificated 
Spanish Warrants 
Payments in respect of Uncertificated Nordic Warrants, Uncertificated Italian Warrants or Uncertificated Spanish Warrants 
w ill be made to the persons registered as Warrantholder in the register maintained by the relevant central securities 
depositary and clearing institution in accordance w ith the rules and procedures applied by the relevant Uncertificated Nordic 
Warrants CSD, Iberclear or Monte Titoli prior to the due date for such payment. If the date for payment of any amount in 
respect of Uncertificated Nordic Warrants, Uncertificated Italian Warrants or Uncertificated Spanish Warrants is not a 
Payment Business Day , the Warrantholders thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next follow ing Payment 
Business Day and shall not be entitled to any further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. For the purposes 
of this Condition, Payment Business Day shall mean any day on w hich commercial banks are open for general business 
in Stockholm (in the case of Uncertificated Sw edish Warrants) or Helsinki (in the case of Uncertificated Finnish Warrants) 
or Oslo (in case of Uncertificated Norw egian Warrants) or Copenhagen (in case of Uncertificated Danish Warrants), Milan 
(in the case of Uncertificated Italian Warrants) or Madrid (in the case of Uncertificated Spanish Warrants). 
In the event of late payment w ith respect to any Uncertificated Nordic Warrant, Uncertificated Italian Warrant or 
Uncertificated Spanish Warrant, penalty interest w ill be payable on the overdue amount from the due date up to and 
including the date on w hich payment is made at an interest rate corresponding to, in the case of Uncertificated Sw edish 
Warrants, STIBOR (as defined below ) plus one percentage point, in the case of Uncertificated Norw egian Warrants, NIBOR 
(as defined below ) plus one percentage point or, in the case of Uncertificated Finnish Warrants, EURIBOR (as defined 
below ) plus one percentage point or, in the case of Uncertificated Danish Warrants, CIBOR (as defined below ) plus one 
percentage point or, in the case of Uncertificated Italian Warrants, EURIBOR (as defined below ) plus one percentage point. 
No capitalisation of interest w ill be made. 
CIBOR means the average of the interest rates quoted at approximately 11 a.m. (Copenhagen time) on the first day (such 
day being a day on w hich commercial banks are open for general business in Denmark) after the day on w hich the relevant 
payment w as due as published on the w ebsite of the Danish Financial Benchmark Facility (or such other system or other 
page as shall replace the Danish Financial Benchmark Facility) in respect of a loan w ith a designated interest period of 
one w eek. 
EURIBOR means the rate for deposits in EUR w hich is defined under, and shall be determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance w ith, the Floating Rate Option "EUR-EURIBOR" in the 2021 ISDA Definitions for a period (Designated 
Maturity) of sixth months w ith a Reset Date being the first day of the relevant calculation period. 
NIBOR means the average of the interest rates for deposits in Norw egian Kroner w ith maturities one w eek published by 
the NIBOR panel banks at about 12.00 noon (Oslo time) (or at 10 a.m. on days w ith shorter market opening hours) on the 
days on w hich commercial banks are open for general business in Oslo after the day w hich the relevant payment w as due, 
as published on the w ebsite of the Norske Finansielle Referanser AS (NoRe), a company established and ow ned by 
Finance Norw ay. The average rate is calculated by the party appointed by NoRe to act as calculation agent. 
STIBOR means the average of the interest rates quoted at approximately 11 a.m. (Stockholm time) on the first day (such 
day being a day on w hich commercial banks are open for general business in Stockholm) after the day on w hich the 
relevant payment w as due as published on the w ebsite of the Sw edish Financial Benchmark Facility (or such other system 
or other page as shall replace the Sw edish Financial Benchmark Facility) in respect of a loan w ith a designated interest 
period of one w eek.

--- Page 175 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
 
175 
 
If on any day, any of CIBOR, EURIBOR, NIBOR or STIBOR is not published by the Administrator or an authorized 
distributor and is not otherw ise provided by the Administrator or if an Index Event has occured in respect of such rate, it 
w ill be determined by the Calculation Agent as aforesaid in accordance w ith the provisions of the Temporary 
Non-Publication Fallback or the Priority Fallback as the case may be, applying to such Floating Rate Option in the 2021 
ISDA Definitions and the ISDA Matrix for a period of the maturity as specified above. 
An additional Paying Agent w ill be appointed and identified in the applicable Final Terms w ith respect to any Uncertificated 
Nordic Warrants, Uncertificated Italian Warrants or Uncertificated Spanish Warrants and such additional Paying Agent 
shall have the characteristics described in Condition 10. 
4.6 
Payments on Uncertificated SIS Warrants, and other Warrants listed on SIX Swiss Exchange  
Notw ithstanding any other provision in this Condition, in the case of Uncertificated SIS Warrants, and other Warrants listed 
on SIX Sw iss Exchange, the relevant Sw iss Paying Agency Agreement shall supplement and modify the Agency 
Agreement for the purposes of the relevant Warrants, including providing for the appointment of a Principal Sw iss Paying 
Agent (w hich, in the case of Warrants listed on SIX Sw iss Exchange shall at all times be a bank or securities dealer that is 
subject to supervision by the Sw iss Financial Market Supervisory Authority FINMA (FINMA)) that w ill perform certain duties 
including, inter alia, those w hich relate to Sw iss capital market customs and payment instructions. 
The relevant Issuer shall make all payments due under Uncertificated SIS Warrants or other Warrants listed on SIX Sw iss 
Exchange to the Principal Sw iss Paying Agent in accordance w ith the Sw iss Paying Agency Agreement and the General 
Terms and Conditions. Payments in respect of any Uncertificated SIS Warrants or other Warrants listed on SIX Sw iss 
Exchange, each denominated in Sw iss Francs shall be made in freely disposable Sw iss Francs, and in the case of 
Uncertificated SIS Warrants or other Warrants listed on SIX Sw iss Exchange denominated in a currency other than Sw iss 
Francs in such other currency, w hich shall also be freely disposable, w ithout collection of costs and w hatever the 
circumstances may be, irrespective of the nationality, domicile or residence of the holder of any Uncertificated SIS Warrants 
or any other Warrants listed on SIX Sw iss Exchange and w ithout requiring any certification, affidavit or the fulfilment of any 
other formality. The receipt by the Principal Sw iss Paying Agent of the due and punctual payment of such funds in 
Sw itzerland shall discharge the Issuer's obligations under (i) the Uncertificated SIS Warrants or (ii) other Warrants listed 
on SIX Sw iss Exchange, as the case may be, w ith respect to the payment of, as the case may be, principal, interest, costs 
and additional amounts on the Warrants and the paying agency fees, in each case to the extent of the funds received. 
4.7 
Payments on EUI Warrants 
The Issuer shall pay or cause to be paid any amount due to an EUI Warrantholder under an EUI Warrant to such EUI 
Warrantholder’s cash account w ith the Operator for value on the relevant payment date, such payment to be made in 
accordance w ith the rules of the Operator. The Issuer's obligations in relation to such amounts in respect of the EUI 
Warrants w ill be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the Operator. Each of the persons show n in the Operator 
register of corporate Securities as the holder of a particular number of EUI Warrants must look solely to the Operator for 
his share of each such payment so made by the Issuer to, or to the order of, the Operator. 
4.8 
Payments subject to tax and other laws 
All payments are subject in all cases to (i) any applicable tax or other law s, regulations and directives in any jurisdiction  
(w hether by operation of law  or agreement of the Issuer or its Agents) and the Issuer w ill not be liable for any taxes or 
duties of w hatever nature imposed or levied by such law s, regulations, directives or agreements but w ithout prejudice to 
the provisions of Condition 6, (ii) any w ithholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 
1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code) or otherw ise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 
1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or any law  implement ing 
an intergovernmental approach thereto and (iii) any w ithholding or deduction required pursuant to Section 871(m) of the 
Code. 
No commission or expense shall be charged to the Warrantholders in respect of such payments but, for the avoidance of 
doubt, w ithout prejudice to the option of the Calculation Agent to apply the provisions specific to the occurrence of an 
Increased Cost of Hedging, as provided for in each relevant Additional Terms and Conditions.

--- Page 176 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
 
176 
 
4.9 
Payment Business Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Warrant is not a Payment Business Day, the Warrantholder thereof 
shall instead be entitled to payment: 
(i) 
if the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Payment Business Day" is "Following Payment Business 
Day": on the next follow ing Payment Business Day in the relevant place; or 
(ii) 
if the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Payment Business Day" is "Modified Following Payment 
Business Day": on the next follow ing Payment Business Day in the relevant place, unless the date for payment 
w ould thereby fall into the next calendar month, in w hich event such date for payment shall be brought forw ard to 
the immediately preceding Payment Business Day in the relevant place; 
provided that if neither "Follow ing Payment Business Day" nor "Modified Follow ing Payment Business Day" is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, "Follow ing Payment Business Day" shall be deemed to apply. In the event that any adjustment 
is made to the date for payment in accordance w ith this Condition, the relevant amount due in respect of any Warrant shall 
not be affected by any such adjustment. 
For the purposes of these General Terms and Conditions, except as specified in Condition 4.5: 
Payment Business Day means any day w hich is: 
(1) 
subject to the provisions of the Agency Agreement, a day on w hich commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits): 
(2) 
in the case of Warrants in definitive form only, in the relevant place of presentation or, in respect of Uncertificated 
Warrants, the place of registration; 
(3) 
each financial centre(s) (the Financial Centre(s)) specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(4) 
either (A) in relation to any sum payable in a Settlement Currency other than euro, a day on w hich commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in 
foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the Settlement 
Currency (w hich if the Settlement Currency is Australian Dollar, shall be Sydney and, if the Settlement Currency 
is Canadian Dollar, shall be Montreal and, if the Settlement Currency is Renminbi, shall be Hong Kong) or (B) in 
relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on w hich the TARGET2 System is open. 
4.10 
Currency Unavailability 
This Condition shall apply w hen payment is due to be made in respect of any Warrant in the Settlement Currency and the 
Settlement Currency is not available to the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor (as applicable) due to the imposition of 
exchange controls, the Settlement Currency’s replacement or disuse or other circumstances beyond the control of the 
relevant Issuer or the Guarantor (as applicable) (Currency Unavailability). 
In the event of Currency Unavailability, the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor (as applicable) w ill be entitled to satisfy its 
obligations to the Warrantholder by making payment in euro or U.S. dollars on the basis of the spot exchange rate at w hich 
the Settlement Currency is offered in exchange for euro or U.S. dollars (as applicable) in an appropriate inter-bank market 
at noon, Paris time, four Business Days prior to the date on w hich payment is due or, if such spot exchange rate is not 
available on that date, as of the most recent prior practicable date. Any payment made in euro or U.S. dollars (as applicable) 
in accordance w ith this Condition w ill not constitute an Event of Default.

--- Page 177 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
 
177 
 
4.11 
Provisions specific to Renminbi Currency Event 
If "Renminbi Currency Event" is specified in the applicable Final Terms and a Renminbi Currency Event, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent, exists on a date for payment of any amount in respect of any Warrant, the Issuer may determine 
one or more of the follow ing, and require the Calculation Agent to take such action or make such determination accordingly: 
(a) 
the relevant payment of the Issuer be postponed to 10 Business Days after the date on w hich the Renminbi 
Currency Event ceases to exist or, if that w ould not be possible (as determined by the Issuer acting in good faith) 
as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter; 
(b) 
that the Issuer's obligation to make a payment in Renminbi under the terms of the Warrants be replaced by an 
obligation to pay such amount in the Relevant Currency (converted at the Alternate Settlement Rate determined 
by the Calculation Agent as of a time selected in good faith by the Calculation Agent); and/or 
(c) 
the Issuer may redeem all, but not some only, of the Warrants, each Warrant being redeemed at its Early 
Termination Settlement Amount. 
Upon the occurrence of a Renminbi Currency Event, the Issuer shall give notice, as soon as practicable, to the 
Warrantholders in accordance w ith the Condition 12 stating the occurrence of the Renminbi Currency Event, giving brief 
details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto. 
For the purpose of this Condition: 
Alternate Settlement Rate means the spot rate betw een Renminbi and the Relevant Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent, taking into consideration all available information w hich the Calculation Agent deems relevant (including, 
but not limited to, the pricing information obtained from the Renminbi non-deliverable market outside the PRC and/or the 
Renminbi exchange market inside the PRC). 
Renminbi Currency Event means any one of Renminbi 
Illiquidity, Renminbi 
Non-Transferability and Renminbi 
Inconvertibility. 
Renminbi Illiquidity means the general Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong becomes illiquid as a result of w hich 
the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates cannot obtain sufficient Renminbi in order to make a payment or perform any other of 
its obligations under the Warrants, as determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner. 
Renminbi Inconvertibility means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible, impracticable or illegal for the 
Issuer and/or any of its affiliates to convert any amount into or from Renminbi as may be required to be paid by the Issuer 
under the Warrants on any payment date or such other amount as may be determined by the Calculation Agent at the 
general Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong, other than w here such impossibility, impracticability or illegality is due 
solely to the failure of that Issuer and/or the relevant affiliate to comply w ith any law , rule or regulation enacted by any 
Governmental Authority (unless such law , rule or regulation is enacted after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
relevant Issue of Warrants and it is impossible or, having used its reasonable endeavours, impractical, for the Issuer and/or 
any of its affiliates, due to an event beyond the control of the Issuer or the relevant affiliate, to comply w ith such law , r ule 
or regulation). 
Renminbi Non-Transferability means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible, impracticable or illegal for 
the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates to deliver Renminbi betw een accounts inside Hong Kong or from an account inside 
Hong Kong to an account outside Hong Kong, other than w here such impossibility, impracticability or illegality is due solely 
to the failure of the Issuer and/or the relevant affiliate to comply w ith any law , rule or regulation enacted by any 
Governmental Authority (unless such law , rule or regulation is enacted after the Issue Date and it is impossible or, having 
used its reasonable endeavours, impractical, for the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates, due to an event beyond the control 
of the Issuer and/or the relevant affiliate, to comply w ith such law , rule or regulation).

--- Page 178 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
 
178 
 
Governmental Authority means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or instrumentality thereof), court, 
tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any other entity (private or public) charged w ith the regulation of 
the financial markets (including the central bank) of Hong Kong. 
Relevant Currency means U.S. dollars, Hong Kong Dollar or such other currency as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
4.12 
Physical Delivery Warrants 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Physical Delivery Warrant Provisions" is "Applicable", this Condition applies. 
In particular, the applicable Final Terms w ill specify the Deliverable Asset(s), the Physical Delivery Amount, the provisions  
governing w hether transfer of Deliverable Asset(s) or payment of a cash sum w ill apply, the Issuer’s option to vary method 
of settlement and the method of transfer of Deliverable Asset(s) in respect of the Physical Delivery Amount. 
For the purposes of this Condition: 
Deliverable Asset(s) means the deliverable asset(s) w hich may be either: 
(i) 
the Underlying(s) of the Warrants specified under the paragraph "Underlying(s)" in the applicable Final Terms, 
w hich may be any Underlying as defined in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants or 
(ii) 
if different from the Underlying(s) of the Warrants, a share, an American or global depositary receipt and/or an 
exchange traded fund and/or a fund and/or an exchange traded product and/or a bond and/or a future, and/or 
any other assets specified under the paragraph "Deliverable Asset(s)" in the applicable Final Terms, in such case 
the provisions of the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to such Underlying shall apply. 
How ever, 
(a) 
no share in Societe Generale or the Group w ill be deliverable. If a Share in Societe Generale or the Group should 
be delivered, such share w ill be replaced by, in due proportion, an equivalent amount in cash; and 
(b) 
no Fund Unit in respect of any underlying fund w hich is a hedge fund w ill be delivered to retail investors. 
The Deliverable Assets to be delivered in respect of Physical Delivery Warrants w ill: 
(1) 
if "Market Value" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable in respect of the Deliverable Assets, 
have an aggregate market value, based on the closing price of the applicable Deliverable Assets on the Expiration 
Date, Event-linked Early Expiration Date, Optional Early Expiration Date or cancellation date, as the case may be 
and as determined by the Calculation Agent, equivalent to the Physical Delivery Amount (as determined for the 
purposes of Condition 5.2 or follow ing any early expiration or cancellation, as the case may be) relating to the 
Warrants; 
(2) 
if "Nominal Amount" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable in respect of the Deliverable 
Assets, have an aggregate nominal amount equivalent to the Physical Delivery Amount (as determined for the 
purposes of Condition 5.2 or follow ing any early expiration or cancellation, as the case may be) relating to the 
Warrants; and 
(3) 
if "Other" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable in respect of the Deliverable Assets, be 
an amount as determined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Physical Delivery Amount means an amount in the Settlement Currency equal to the Final Settlement Price divided (if 
applicable) by the Parity (as defined in Condition 5.2 below ).

--- Page 179 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
 
179 
 
Any reference in these General Terms and Conditions to "Physical Delivery Amount(s)", shall mean such amount less any 
expenses, fees, stamp duty, levies or other amounts including, but not limited to, any taxes or duties arising from the 
delivery or transfer of Deliverable Asset(s) payable on or in respect of  such Physical Delivery Amount(s). 
4.12.1 
Method of transfer of Deliverable Asset(s) in respect of Physical Delivery Amount 
When the settlement of a Physical Delivery Warrant is by w ay of physical delivery, the delivery of any Physical Delivery 
Amount or Early Termination Physical Delivery Amount, as the case may be (including, w ithout limitation, liability for the 
costs of transfer of Deliverable Asset(s)) w ill be made through Clearstream, Euroclear, Iberclear or Monte Titoli or other 
relevant Clearing System. 
The Deliverable Asset(s) w ill be delivered at the risk of the relevant Warrantholders in such manner as may be specified 
in the transfer notice pursuant to w hich such Deliverable Assets are delivered (the Transfer Notice), the form of w hich is 
annexed to the Agency Agreement and, notw ithstanding any provision herein to the contrary, no additional payment or 
delivery w ill be due to a Warrantholder w here any Deliverable Asset(s) is/are delivered after their due date in circumstances 
beyond the control of either the Issuer or the Settlement Agent. The Transfer Notice w ill be delivered using the transfer 
procedures currently utilised by the relevant Clearing System. 
A Warrantholder’s entitlement to any Physical Delivery Amount or Early Termination Physical Delivery Amount, as the case 
may be, w ill be evidenced: 
(i) 
by the Warrantholders’ account balance appearing on the records of the relevant Clearing System, 
(ii) 
in the case of Credit Linked Warrants, by the account balances appearing in the records of the relevant Clearing 
System or, if necessary, the number of Warrants held by each Warrantholder as notified to the Fiscal Agent by 
the relevant Clearing System, and 
(iii) 
in the case of Definitive Registered Warrants, by the entries maintained at the relevant time on the Register 
maintained by the Registrar. 
When Warrants are held in a Clearing System, to the extent that a beneficial Warrantholder holds such Warrants through 
a custodian, the Issuer may in its discretion (and subject to obtaining such proof, evidence and/or indemnity arrangements 
as it deems appropriate) take account of such custodial arrangements w hen determining w here to deliver Deliverable 
Asset(s) w hich form the Physical Delivery Amount. 
Any delivery of Deliverable Assets w ill only be made in compliance w ith applicable securities law s. 
4.12.2 
Issuer’s option to vary method of settlement 
When the applicable Final Terms specify that “Issuer’s option to vary method of settlement" is applicable, the Issuer may 
elect to pay or cause to be paid to the Warrantholder the Cash Settlement Amount on the Settlement Date, as the case 
may be, in lieu of its obligation to deliver or procure delivery of the Physical Delivery Amount. Notification of any such 
election w ill be given to the Warrantholder in accordance w ith Condition 12. 
In such case no payment in respect of the Exercise Price w ill be due by the Warrantholder. 
4.12.3 
Fractional Entitlement in respect of Physical Delivery Warrants  
If the Physical Delivery Amount or Early Termination Physical Delivery Amount, as the case may be, comprises less than 
a w hole number of securities at the relevant time, then (i) the relevant Issuer shall not deliver and the relevant 
Warrantholder shall not be entitled to receive in respect of its Warrants that fraction of a security (the Fractional 
Entitlement) and (ii) the Issuer shall pay to the relevant Warrantholder a cash amount equal to the value of such Fractional 
Entitlement (as determined by or on behalf of the relevant Issuer).

--- Page 180 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
 
180 
 
4.12.4 
No obligations in relation to underlying asset 
Except as expressly provided, the purchase of Warrants does not confer on any Warrantholder any rights (w hether in 
respect of voting, distributions or otherw ise) attached to any Underlying. 
The Issuer shall be under no obligation to register or procure the registration of any Warrantholder or any other person as 
the registered holder in respect of any relevant asset(s) comprised in any Physical Delivery Amount in any relevant register. 
For such period of time after the Settlement Date as the Issuer or any person on behalf of the Issuer shall continue to be 
the legal ow ner of any asset(s) comprised in any assets comprising the Physical Delivery Amount (or equivalent amounts 
in circumstances w here the Warrants are subject to early expiration, purchase or cancellation) (the Intervening Period), 
neither the Issuer nor any other such person shall (a) be under any obligation to deliver or procure delivery to the relevant 
Warrantholder or any subsequent beneficial ow ner of such asset(s) or any other person any letter, certificate, notice, 
circular or any other document or payment w hatsoever received by that person in its capacity as the holder of such asset(s), 
(b) be under any obligation to exercise or procure exercise of any or all rights (including any voting rights) attaching to s uch 
asset(s) during the Intervening Period or (c) be under any liability to the relevant Warrantholder or any subsequent 
beneficial ow ner of such asset(s) or any other person in respect of any loss or damage w hich the relevant Warrantholder 
or subsequent beneficial ow ner or any other person may sustain or suffer as a result, w hether directly or indirectly, of the 
Issuer or any other such person being the legal ow ner of such asset(s) during such Intervening Period. 
4.12.5 
Settlement Disruption Event 
If a Settlement Disruption Event does prevent delivery of the Physical Delivery Amount on the Settlement Date, then, such 
delivery shall occur on the first succeeding day on w hich delivery of the Physical Delivery Amount can take place through 
the relevant Clearing System (the Actual Settlement Date) unless a Settlement Disruption Event prevents delivery for a 
period of 20 Clearing System Days immediately follow ing the original date that w ould have been the Actual Settlement 
Date (the Delivery Period). In that latter case, the Issuer shall, in lieu of delivering the Physical Delivery Amount, pay, in 
respect of each Warrant, the fair market value of the number of Underlying(s) to be delivered (the Fair Market Value) 
converted into the Settlement Currency at the current exchange rate, if applicable. 
The Fair Market Value w ill be determined by the Calculation Agent on the basis of the market conditions on the first 
Business Day follow ing the Delivery Period: 
(a) 
if a dividend is paid in respect of the Deliverable Asset(s) from and including the Exercise Date to and, as the 
case may be, (a) excluding the Delivery Date or (b) including, in the event of a Settlement Disruption Event, the 
date on w hich the Fair Market Value is calculated, then, the net dividend amount relating to the number of 
Deliverable Asset(s) to be delivered per Warrant (excluding any related tax credit) converted into the Settlement 
Currency at the current exchange rate, if applicable, w ill be paid in cash to the Warrantholders as soon as 
practicable; 
(b) 
all stamp duties, or other similar taxes and/or duties, in respect of physical delivery of Deliverable Asset(s) shall 
be borne by the Warrantholders. 
Provided that in the case of Credit Linked Warrants, upon the occurrence of a Settlement Disruption Event, the relevant 
Issuer shall, in lieu of delivering the Physical Delivery Amount, pay, in respect of each Warrant, the Credit Event Payment 
per Undeliverable Obligations (as defined in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants) to be 
delivered converted into the Settlement Currency at the current exchange rate, if applicable. 
For the purpose of this Condition: 
Clearing System Day means, in respect of a Clearing System, any day on w hich such Clearing System is open for the 
acceptance and execution of settlement instructions. 
Delivery Date means, as the case may be, (a) the scheduled Settlement Date or (b) in the event of a Settlement Disruption 
Event, the Actual Settlement Date.

--- Page 181 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
 
181 
 
Settlement Disruption Event means any event beyond the control of the Issuer as a result of w hich the relevant Clearing 
System cannot clear the transfer of the Physical Delivery Amount. 
5. 
SETTLEMENT OF THE WARRANTS 
This Condition is subject to the provisions of Condition 5.6. in respect of Open-ended Warrants. 
5.1 
Cash Settled Warrants 
Unless previously exercised or cancelled in accordance w ith the Terms and Conditions, each Cash Settled Warrant entitles 
the Warrantholder (upon delivering a valid Exercise Notice in the proper form w here Automatic Exercise in accordance 
w ith Condition 3.4.7 does not apply) to receive from the Issuer on the Settlement Date an amount (the Cash Settlement 
Amount) in the Settlement Currency equal to the excess (if any, converted if necessary on the basis of the Conversion 
Rate or failing w hich the Substitute Conversion Rate) of: 
(1) 
in the case Call Warrants is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Final Settlement Price over the Exercise 
Price; or 
(2) 
in the case Put Warrants is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Exercise Price over the Final Settlement 
Price, 
then divided (if applicable) by the Parity, 
w here, 
Conversion Rate means the rate of conversion betw een the Settlement Currency and the currency in w hich the Cash 
Settlement Amount is denominated, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Exercise Price shall have the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms, subject to amendment from time to time 
in accordance w ith the Terms and Conditions. 
Final Settlement Price means: 
(1) 
if the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae or the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to 
Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, Final Settlement Price shall 
have the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae or the Additional Terms  
and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants corresponding to the Reference of the Product 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, as the case may be; 
(2) 
otherw ise, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Parity shall have the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms. 
Settlement Currency means the currency specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Settlement Date means up to six Business Days follow ing the Exercise Date or such other date as is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Substitute Conversion Rate means the arithmetic mean, rounded if necessary to the nearest 0.0001 (0.00005 and above 
being rounded upw ards), as determined by the Calculation Agent of the relevant currency spot offered exchange rate 
quotations in respect of the underlying exchange rate(s) of the Conversion Rate, about tw o hours after the time at w hich 
the underlying exchange rate(s) of the Conversion Rate w ould ordinarily have been announced, by three first ranking banks 
of the United Kingdom or the European Economic and Monetary Union (except Societe Generale) selected by the 
Calculation Agent, or any other rate as specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 182 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
 
182 
 
5.2 
Physical Delivery Warrants 
Unless previously exercised or cancelled in accordance w ith the Terms and Conditions, each Physical Delivery Warrant 
entitles the Warrantholder (upon delivering a valid Exercise Notice in the proper form) to receive from the Issuer on the 
Settlement Date the transfer of Deliverable Assets, the amount of w hich w ill be determined by reference to the Physical 
Delivery Amount (as further set out in, and subject to adjustment in accordance w ith, Condition 4.12 and any other 
applicable Terms and Conditions), subject to payment of the Exercise Price divided, if applicable, by the Parity, 
w here, 
Delivery Period means 20 Clearing System Days immediately follow ing the Scheduled Settlement Date. 
Exercise Price shall have the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms, subject to amendment from time to time 
in accordance w ith the Terms and Conditions. 
Final Settlement Price means: 
(1) 
if the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae or the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to 
Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, Final Settlement Price shall 
have the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae or the Additional Terms 
and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants corresponding to the Reference of  the Product 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, as the case may be; 
(2) 
otherw ise, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Clearing System Day means, in respect of a Clearing System, any day on w hich such Clearing System is open for the 
acceptance and execution of settlement instructions. 
Parity shall have the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms. 
Scheduled Settlement Date means up to six Business Days follow ing the Exercise Date or such other date as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
Settlement Currency means the currency specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Settlement Date means the first day during the Delivery Period w hen the Issuer is able to deliver the Deliverable Assets 
to the Warrantholder or such other date as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
5.3 
Cancellation for Tax Event, Special Tax Event, Regulatory Event, Force Majeure Event or Event of Default  
For the purposes of this Condition: 
Change in Law  means (i) the adoption, enactment, promulgation, execution or ratification of any applicable new  law , 
regulation or rule (including, w ithout limitation, any applicable tax law , regulation or rule) after the Issue Date of the 
Warrants, (ii) the implementation or application of any applicable law , regulation or rule (including, w ithout limitation, any 
applicable tax law , regulation or rule) already in force on the Issue Date of the Warrants but in respect of w hich the manner  
of its implementation or application w as not know n or unclear at the Issue Date, or (iii) the change of any applicable law , 
regulation or rule existing at the Issue Date of the Warrants, or the change in the interpretation or application or practice 
relating thereto, existing on the Issue Date of the Warrants of any applicable law , regulation or rule, by any competent 
court, tribunal, regulatory authority or any other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or 
administrative pow ers or functions of or pertaining to government (including any additional or alternative court, tribunal, 
authority or entity, to that existing on the Issue Date). 
Early Termination of the Warrants means the cancellation of the Warrants, in w hole, but not in part, at any time at (i) in 
the case of Cash Settled Warrants, their Early Termination Settlement Amount determined in accordance w ith Condition 
5.5 or, (ii) in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants and subject to payment of the Exercise Price divided, if applicable, by

--- Page 183 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
 
183 
 
the Parity, delivery of the Early Termination Physical Delivery Amount referred to in Condition 5.5 and Deliverable Asset(s) 
of a type specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Event of Default has the meaning given to it in Condition 8. 
Force Majeure Event means that, by reason of the occurrence of an event or an act of state, on or after the Issue Date, 
for w hich the Relevant Entity (as defined below ) is not accountable, it becomes impossible and insurmountable for the 
Relevant Entity to perform its obligations under the Warrants, so that the continuance of the Warrants is thereby rendered 
definitively impossible. 
Monetisation with Early Termination at the option of the Warrantholder  means that the Issuer w ill apply “Monetisation 
until the Expiration Date” in accordance w ith Condition 5.8 but w ill also offer the Warrantholders the choice to cancel their 
Warrants at their option prior to the Expiration Date in w hole. In the case a Warrantholder requires the Issuer to cancel 
such Warrants, the Issuer shall terminate its obligations under such Warrants and shall pay or cause to be paid an Early 
Termination Settlement Amount as defined in Condition 5.5. 
Regulatory Event means, follow ing the occurrence of a Change in Law  w ith respect to the Issuer and/or Societe Generale 
as Guarantor or in any other capacity (including w ithout limitation as market maker of the Warrants or direct or indirect 
shareholder or sponsor of the Issuer) or any of its affiliates involved in the issue of the Warrants (hereafter the Relevant 
Affiliates and each of the Issuer, Societe Generale and the Relevant Affiliates, a Relevant Entity) that, after the Issue 
Date of the Warrants, (i) any Relevant Entity w ould incur a materially increased (as compared w ith circ umstances existing 
prior to such event) amount of tax, duty, liability, penalty, expense, fee, cost or regulatory capital charge how ever defined 
or collateral requirements for performing its obligations under the Warrants, including, w ithout limitations, due to clearing 
requirements of, or the absence of, clearing of the transactions entered into in connection w ith the issue of the Warrants, 
(ii) it w ould be required from the Relevant Entity to obtain any licence, authorization, approval, permit, registration from any 
governmental, inter-governmental, supranational authority, agency, instrumentality, ministry or department thereof that it 
does not hold as of the Issue Date or to modify its by-law s to comply w ith the new  requirements (a) to hold, acquire, issue, 
reissue, substitute, maintain, redeem, settle or as the case may be, guarantee, the Warrants, (b) to acquire, hold, sponsor 
or dispose of any asset(s) (or any interests thereof) of any other transaction(s) such Relevant Entity may use in connection 
w ith the issue of the Warrants, (c) to perform obligations in connection w ith, the Warrants or any contractual arrangement 
entered into betw een the Issuer and Societe Generale or any Relevant Affiliate or (d) to hold, acquire, maintain, increase, 
substitute or redeem all or a substantial part of its direct or indirect shareholding in the Issuer’s capital or the capital of any 
Relevant Affiliate or to directly or indirectly sponsor the Issuer or any Relevant Affiliate, or (iii) there is or may be a material 
adverse effect on a Relevant Entity in connection w ith the issue of the Warrants. 
Relevant Notice means, subject to Condition 8 in respect of Event of Default, a notice given in accordance w ith Condition 
12 (i) not less than 30 nor more than 45 days, in respect of a Tax Event, a Regulatory Event or a Force Majeure Event, (ii) 
not less than 7 nor more than 45 days in respect of a Special Tax Event, to the Warrantholders (w hich notice shall be 
irrevocable) and to the Fiscal Agent. 
Special Tax Event means that the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor w ould, on the occasion of the next 
payment (including payment of principal or interest, if any) or delivery in respect of the Warrants, be prevented by the law 
of a Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 6) from causing payment or delivery, as the case may be, to be made to the 
Warrantholders of the full amount then due and payable or deliverable, as the case may be, notw ithstanding the 
undertaking to pay additional amounts contained in Condition 6.2. 
Tax Event means that (i) the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor, has or w ill become obliged to pay additional 
amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 6 as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the law s or regulations 
of a Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 6) or any change in the application or official interpretation of such law s or 
regulations, w hich change or amendment becomes effective on or after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Warrants, 
and (ii) such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor taking reasonable measures 
available to it. 
A Tax Event, Special Tax Event, Regulatory Event or Force Majeure Event are each an Exceptional Event and together 
the Exceptional Events.

--- Page 184 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
 
184 
 
if the applicable Final Terms specify: 
(a) 
“Early Termination” 
then, upon the occurrence of an Exceptional Event, the Calculation Agent may, on giving a Relevant Notice, apply Early 
Termination of the Warrants as defined above, or 
(b) 
“Early Termination or Monetisation until the Expiration Date”, 
then, upon the occurrence of a Tax Event, Special Tax Event or Regulatory Event, the Calculation Agent may, on giving a 
Relevant Notice, decide to apply either: 
(i) 
Early Termination of the Warrants, or 
(ii) 
"Monetisation until the Expiration Date" in accordance w ith Condition 5.8, 
and upon the occurrence of a Force Majeure Event, or Event of Default (unless the applicable Final Terms specify 
that Event of Default is Not Applicable) the Calculation Agent may only apply Early Termination of the Warrants, 
or 
(c) 
“Monetisation w ith Early Termination at the option of the Warrantholder, except for Force Majeure Event or Event 
of Default”, 
then, upon the occurrence of a Tax Event, Special Tax Event or Regulatory Event, the Calculation Agent may, on giving a 
Relevant Notice, apply Monetisation w ith Early Termination at the option of the Warrantholder as defined above, and 
upon the occurrence of a Force Majeure Event or Event of Default (unless the applicable Final Terms specify that Event 
of Default is Not Applicable), the Calculation Agent may only apply Early Termination of the Warrants. 
If follow ing the occurrence of Tax Event or Special Tax Event, Early Termination of the Warrants does not apply (in 
accordance w ith (b) or (c) above), then Condition 6.1 “Gross-up” w ill not apply. 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that Tax Event or Special Tax Event is Not Applicable, then in case of occurrence of 
a Tax Event or Special Tax Event the Warrants w ill remain unchanged. 
5.4 
Early Expiration prior to the Expiration Date of the Warrants  
5.4.1 
Optional early expiration of the Warrants 
5.4.1.1 Early Expiration at the option of the Issuer 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Optional Early Expiration at the option of the Issuer" is "Applicable", the Warrants 
are subject to: 
(a) 
w ith respect to Cash Settled Warrants, expiration prior to the Expiration Date at the option of the Issuer at the 
Optional Early Settlement Amount (as defined in Condition 5.4.1.4 below ) on the Optional Early Settlement 
Date(s) as specified in the applicable Final Terms, or 
(b) 
w ith respect to Physical Delivery Warrants, expiration prior to the Expiration Date at the option of the Issuer on 
the Optional Early Settlement Date(s), subject to payment of the Exercise Price divided, if applicable, by the Parity 
and any other sums payable as set out in the applicable Final Terms, by delivery of the Physical Delivery Amount,  
such amount to be determined in the same manner as the Physical Delivery Amount is determined in accordance 
w ith Condition 4.12 save that references therein to the Final Settlement Price shall be deemed to be references 
to the Optional Early Settlement Price (as defined below  in Condition 5.4.1.4). 
The applicable Final Terms w ill specify the Notice Period (as defined in Condition 5.4.1.5 below ).

--- Page 185 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
 
185 
 
5.4.1.1.2 Optional Early Expiration in part 
If, w ith respect to Warrants, the applicable Final Terms specify that "Optional Early Expiration in part" is "Applicable", the 
applicable Final Terms w ill specify the Minimum Number of Warrants and the Maximum Number of Warrants. 
Any such partial optional early expiration at the option of the Issuer, must be equal to a number of Warrants not less than 
a minimum number of Warrants to be subject to optional early expiration at the option of the Issuer (the Minimum Number 
of Warrants subject to Optional Early Expiration at the option of the Issuer ) or any integral multiple thereof and not 
more than a maximum number of Warrants subject to optional early expiration at the option of the Issuer (the Maximum 
Number of Warrants subject to Optional Early Expiration at the option of the Issuer ), each amount as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
The Warrants to be exercised (the Early Expired Warrants) w ill be selected by reducing the nominal amount of all such 
Warrants in accordance w ith the rules of the relevant Clearing System and in accordance w ith the applicable law  and 
regulations not more than thirty (30) days prior to the date fixed for early expiration (such date of selection being hereinafter 
called the Selection Date) and in the manner prescribed by the relevant Clearing System, as the case may be. 
5.4.1.2 Trigger early settlement of the Warrants at the option of the Issuer  
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Trigger early settlement at the option of the Issuer" is "Applicable", then in the 
event that at any time during the life of the Warrants and for any reason w hatsoever, the Aggregate Number of Outstanding 
Warrants equals or falls below  the Outstanding Amount Trigger Level, the Issuer shall have the option, subject to any 
applicable law  and regulation, to exercise all (but not some only) of the remaining outstanding Warrants at (i) in the case 
of Cash Settled Warrants, an amount in the Settlement Currency equal to the Early Termination Settlement Amount for 
such Warrants as determined in accordance w ith Condition 5.5 or (ii) in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants, the amount 
of Deliverable Assets equals to the Early Trigger Level Physical Delivery Amount, subject to payment of the Exercise Price 
divided, if applicable, by the Parity, upon giving not less than fifteen (15) Business Days' notice to Warrantholders (in 
accordance w ith Condition 12), specifying the applicable Trigger Early Settlement Date. 
For the purpose of this Condition: 
Aggregate Number of Outstanding Warrants means, at any time, the number of Warrants outstanding held at such time 
by Warrantholders other than Societe Generale or its affiliates for their ow n account as determined in good faith by the 
Fiscal Agent in consultation w ith the clearing institution(s) in or through w hich the Warrants are held and transactions in 
such Warrants are cleared. 
Early Trigger Level Physical Delivery Amount means an amount to be determined in the same manner as the Physical 
Delivery Amount is determined in accordance w ith Condition 4.12 save that references therein to the Final Settlement Price 
shall be deemed to be references to the Early Trigger Level Settlement Price. 
Early Trigger Level Settlement Price means: 
(1) 
in the case Call Warrants is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the sum of (i) the Early Trigger Level 
Settlement Amount multiplied, if applicable, by the Parity and (ii) the Exercise Price; and 
(2) 
in the case Put Warrants is specified in the applicable Final Terms, (i) the Exercise Price minus (ii) the Early 
Trigger Level Settlement Amount multiplied, if applicable, by the Parity. 
Outstanding Amount Trigger Level means 10% of the Aggregate Number of Outstanding Warrants initially issued or, if 
different from 10%, the level specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Trigger Early Settlement Date means the date specified by the Issuer for settlement of Warrants subject to Trigger early 
settlement at the option of the Issuer. 
5.4.1.3 Early Expiration of the Warrants at the option of the Warrantholders

--- Page 186 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
 
186 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Optional Early Expiration at the option of the Warrantholder" is "Applicable", the 
Warrants are subject to: 
(a) 
w ith respect to Cash Settled Warrants, expiration prior to the Expiration Date at the option of the Warrantholder 
at the Optional Early Settlement Amount (as defined in Condition 5.4.1.4 below ) on the Optional Early Settlement 
Date(s) as specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(b) 
w ith respect to Physical Delivery Warrants, expiration prior to the Expiration Date at the option of the 
Warrantholder on the Optional Early Settlement Date(s), subject to payment of the Exercise Price divided, if 
applicable, by the Parity and any other sums payable as set out in the applicable Final Terms, by delivery of the 
Physical Delivery Amount, such amount to be determined in the same manner as the Physical Delivery Amount 
is determined in accordance w ith Condition 4.12 save that references therein to the Final Settlement Price shall 
be deemed to be references to the Optional Early Settlement Price (as defined below  in Condition 5.4.1.4). 
The applicable Final Terms w ill specify the Notice Period (as defined in Condition 5.4.1.5 below ). 
In addition, if "Optional Early Expiration in part" is “Applicable”, the applicable Final Terms w ill specify the Minimum Number 
of Warrants subject to Optional Early Expiration at the option of the Warrantholder and the Maximum Number of Warrants 
subject to Optional Early Expiration at the option of the Warrantholder. 
Any such partial optional early expiration must be equal to a number of Warrants not less than a minimum number of 
Warrants to be subject to optional early expiration at the option of the Warrantholder (the Minimum Number of Warrants 
subject to Optional Early Expiration at the option of the Warrantholder ) or any integral multiple thereof and not more 
than a maximum number of Warrants subject to optional early expiration at the option of the Warrantholder (the Maximum 
Number of Warrants subject to Optional Early Expiration at the option of the Warrantholder ), each amount as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. Where a Warrantholder delivers (i) a Warrantholder Optional Early Exercise Notice  
w hich specifies a number of Warrants to be subject to optional early expiration w hich is less than the Minimum Number of 
Warrants subject to Optional Early Expiration at the option of the Warrantholder (or in a number w hich is not an integral 
multiple of the minimum number), such notice shall be deemed to be void of no effect and (ii) a Warrantholder Optional 
Early Exercise Notice w hich specifies a number of Warrants to be subject to optional early expiration w hich is more than 
the Maximum Number of Warrants subject to Optional Early Expiration at the option of the Warrantholder, such notice shall 
be deemed to refer only to a number of Warrants equal to the Maximum Number of Warrants subject to Optional Early 
Expiration at the option of the Warrantholder. 
5.4.1.4 Optional Early Settlement Amount and Optional Early Settlement Price of the Warrants  
The Optional Early Settlement Amount and the Optional Early Settlement Price shall be determined in accordance w ith 
one of the follow ing options, as specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
Option 1: 
The Optional Early Settlement Amount shall be equal to the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Optional Early Settlement Price shall be equal to: 
(1) 
in the case Call Warrants is specified in the applicable Final Terms: the sum of (i) Optional Early Settlement 
Amount multiplied, if applicable, by the Parity and (ii) the Exercise Price. 
(2) 
in the case Put Warrants is specified in the applicable Final Terms: (i) the Exercise Price minus (ii) the Optional 
Early Settlement Amount multiplied, if applicable, by the Parity. 
Option 2: 
For the purposes of Cash Settled Warrants and Physical Delivery Warrants, as applicable, the Optional Early Settlement 
Price shall be equal to the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 187 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
 
187 
 
For the purposes of Cash Settled Warrants, the Optional Early Settlement Amount shall be equal to: 
(1) 
 in the case Call Warrants is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the excess (if any) of the Optional Early 
Settlement Price over the Exercise Price; or 
(2) 
in the case Put Warrants is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the excess (if any) of the Exercise Price over 
the Optional Early Settlement Price, 
divided (if applicable) by the Parity. 
Option 3: 
For the purposes of Cash Settled Warrants, the Optional Early Settlement Amount shall be determined in the same 
manner as the Cash Settlement Amount in accordance w ith Condition 5.1, save that references therein to the Final 
Settlement Price shall be deemed to be references to the Optional Early Settlement Price. 
For the purposes of Cash Settled Warrants and Physical Delivery Warrants, as applicable, the Optional Early Settlement 
Price means: 
(1) 
the Final Settlement Price that w ould have been determined in accordance w ith the applicable Final Terms, save 
that the Final Settlement Price shall be deemed to have been determined as at the Optional Early Settlement 
Valuation Date as opposed to the date on w hich the Final Settlement Price is actually required to be determined 
in accordance w ith the applicable Final Terms; 
(2) 
otherw ise, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Optional Early Settlement Valuation Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Option 4: 
The Optional Early Settlement Amount shall be equal to the Market Value (as defined in Condition 5.5). 
The Optional Early Settlement Price shall be equal to: 
(1) 
in the case Call Warrants is specified in the applicable Final Terms: the sum of (i) Optional Early Settlement 
Amount multiplied, if applicable, by the Parity and (ii) the Exercise Price. 
(2) 
in the case Put Warrants is specified in the applicable Final Terms: (i) the Exercise Price minus (ii) the Optional 
Early Settlement Amount multiplied, if applicable by the Parity. 
5.4.1.5 Notice Period 
5.4.1.5.1 Notice Period in case of optional expiration of the Warrants at the option of the Issuer  
Upon having given notice to the Warrantholders (in accordance w ith Condition 12) pursuant to a notice period (the Notice 
Period) specified in the applicable Final Terms w hich notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the Optional Early 
Settlement Date, the Issuer shall terminate all (or the relevant part w here Optional Early Expiration in part applies) of the 
Warrants on the Optional Early Expiration Date(s). 
In respect of any Credit Linked Warrants or Bond Linked Warrants, any notice given by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 
shall be void and of no effect in relation to these Credit Linked Warrants or Bond Linked Warrants in the event that a Credit 
Event Notice or a Bond Event Notice, has been, or is, delivered to the Warrantholders at any time on or prior to 5:00 p.m. 
(Paris time) on the fourth Business Day preceding the date fixed for exercise or cancellation in accordance w ith this 
Condition 5.

--- Page 188 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
 
188 
 
In respect of any Warrant, any notice given by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition shall be void and of no effect in relation 
to that Warrant in the event that, prior to the giving of such notice by the Issuer, the Warrantholder had already delivered 
a Warrantholder Optional Exercise Notice in relation to that Warrant in accordance w ith Condition 5.4.1.3. 
5.4.1.5.2 Notice Period in case of Early Expiration of the Warrants at the option of the Warrantholder 
Subject to Condition 5.4.1.3, a Warrantholder shall have the option to require that a Warrant be subject to Optional Early 
Expiration at the option of the Warrantholder upon such Warrantholder giving notice to the Issuer, in accordance w ith 
Condition 12, not less than 15 or more than 30 days’ notice or any other notice period (the Notice Period) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
It may be that before an option to require that a Warrant be subject to Optional Early Expiration at the option of the 
Warrantholder, certain conditions and/or circumstances, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, w ill need to be satisfied. 
For the avoidance of doubt, in respect of Warrants w here a Warrantholder is not entitled to deliver a Put Notice or a 
Warrantholder Optional Early Expiration Notice (as defined below ) by virtue of Condition 5.4.1.3 and in circumstances 
w here no such notice is delivered, the relevant Warrants shall be subject to exercise or cancellation in the manner provided 
in the remaining provisions of this Condition 5. 
Any Put Notice or Optional Early Expiration Notice given by a Warrantholder pursuant to this Condition shall be: 
(i) 
irrevocable except w here prior to the due date of the Optional Early Expiration Date(s) if an Event of Default has 
occurred and is continuing in w hich event such Warrantholder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to 
w ithdraw  the notice given pursuant to this Condition and instead to declare such Warrant forthw ith due and 
payable pursuant to Condition 8 below ; and 
(ii) 
void and of no effect in relation to such Warrant in the event that, prior to the giving of such Put Notice or Optional 
Early Expiration Notice by the relevant Warrantholder (A) such Warrant constituted an Early Expired Warrant (as 
defined in Condition 5.4.1.1.2), (B) the Issuer had notified the Warrantholders of its intention to cancel all of the 
Warrants in an Issue of Warrants then outstanding, in each case pursuant to Condition 12 or (C) the Warrants 
w ere otherw ise already subject to early expiration or termination in accordance w ith the Terms and Conditions. 
To exercise the right to require that a Warrant is subject to Optional Early Expiration at the option of the Warrantholder, 
the Warrantholder must deliver a duly completed and signed notice in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from 
any specified office of any Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Registration Agent (a Warrantholder Optional Early 
Expiration Notice). Any such Warrantholder Optional Early Expiration Notice must be delivered in same the manner as 
an Exercise Notice is delivered in accordance w ith Condition 3.3, as the case may be, save that (a) references therein to 
an Exercise Notice shall be deemed to be references to the Warrantholder Optional Early Expiration Notice, (b) references 
to Warrants being exercised shall be deemed to be references to Warrants being exercised early in accordance w ith this 
Condition, (c) references to the Settlement Date shall be deemed to be references to the Optional Early Settlement Date 
and (d) references to the Cash Settlement Amount or shall be deemed to be references to the Optional Early Settlement 
Amount. Conditions 3.3.2 to 3.3.4 shall apply equally to any Warrantholder Optional Early Expiration Notice w hich is 
delivered. 
5.4.2 
Event-linked Early Expiration of the Warrants 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Event-linked Early Expiration" is "Applicable", the Warrants are subject to 
expiration prior to the Expiration Date follow ing an early expiration event (the Early Expiration Event) at the early 
settlement amount (Event-linked Early Settlement Amount) or the early settlement price (the Event-linked Early 
Settlement Price) as the case may be, on the early expiration date(s) (the Event-linked Early Expiration Date(s)) or the 
early settlement date (the Event-linked Early Settlement Date) as the case may be. 
The applicable Final Terms w ill specify the period w ithin w hich event-linked early expiration w ill apply (the Event-linked 
Early Expiration Period) (unless the Warrants are subject to Automatic Exercise).

--- Page 189 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
 
189 
 
Save w here Warrants are subject to Automatic Exercise, upon the occurrence of an Early Expiration Event the Warrants 
shall be capable of being exercised in accordance w ith this Condition and any Warrantholder w ill have the right in the 
Event-linked Early Expiration Period to decide that all the Warrants held by that Warrantholder (an Event-linked Early 
Expiration Election) w ill expire early (Event-linked Early Expiration). 
In circumstances w here no Event-linked Early Expiration Election has been made in respect of a Warrant w ithin the 
Event-linked Early Expiration Period, such Warrant w ill be cancelled immediately on expiry of the Event-linked Early 
Expiration Period and no amounts w ill be payable or deliverable in respect of such Warrant. 
Where required by: 
(1) 
applicable law s or regulations and/or, in the case of listed Warrants, the regulations applicable on any Regulated 
Market or other stock exchange on w hich the Warrants are for the time being listed; or 
(2) 
any relevant authority by w hich the Warrants have been admitted to trading, 
the occurrence of the relevant Early Expiration Event w ill be notified to the Warrantholders by the Issuer in the manner set 
out in Condition 12. 
Event-linked Early Expiration w ill be effected by delivery of a duly completed notice (an Event-linked Early Expiration 
Notice) in the manner set out in Conditions 3.4.1 to 3.4.6 save that: 
(a) 
references therein to an Exercise Notice shall be deemed to be references to the Event-linked Early Expiration 
Notice; 
(b) 
references to Warrants being exercised shall be deemed to be references to Warrants subject to Event-linked 
Early Expiration; 
(c) 
references to the Settlement Date shall be deemed to be references to the Event-linked Early Settlement Date; 
and 
(d) 
references to the Cash Settlement Amount shall be deemed to be ref erences to the Event-linked Early Settlement 
Amount. 
Follow ing the occurrence of an Early Expiration Event, Warrants shall only be capable of being exercised, and an 
Event-linked Early Expiration Notice may only be delivered, during the Event-linked Early Expiration Period, as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. The Event-linked Early Expiration Period may start and/or end on specific dates or otherw ise 
be determined by reference to another date or period or the occurrence of an event. 
Notw ithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, w here Automatic Exercise is specified as being applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms, the Warrants w ill be subject to automatic exercise in accordance w ith Condition 3.4.7) upon 
the occurrence of an Early Expiration Event. In such circumstances, the Event-linked Early Settlement Amount w ill be 
deliverable to Warrantholders in accordance w ith Condition 3.4.7 (w ithout the need for prior delivery of an Event-linked 
Early Expiration Notice or any other action on the part of the Warrantholders, subject to the provisions of Condition 3.4.7), 
as if references therein to the "Cash Settlement Amount" w ere references to the "Event-linked Early Settlement Amount" 
and references to the "Settlement Date" w ere references to the "Event-linked Early Settlement Date". 
Any Warrants w hich are subject to Event-linked Early Expiration w ill be settled on the Event-linked Early Settlement Date: 
(1) 
in the case of the Physical Delivery Warrants, by delivery of Deliverable Asset(s) in an amount equal to the 
Event-linked Early Settlement Price divided, if applicable, by the Parity in the manner contemplated in Condition 
5.2, subject to payment of the Exercise Price divided, if applicable, by the Parity and any other sums payable as 
set out in the applicable Final Terms; and

--- Page 190 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
 
190 
 
(2) 
in the case of Cash Settled Warrants, at the Event-linked Early Settlement Amount, such amount being 
determined in same manner as the Cash Settlement Amount under Condition 5.1 save that references therein to 
the Final Settlement Price shall be deemed to be references to the Event-linked Early Settlement Price. 
The Event-linked Early Settlement Price means: 
(a) 
if the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae or the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to 
Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, the Early Settlement 
Price, as defined in the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae or the Additional Terms and 
Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants corresponding to the Reference of the Product 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, as the case may be; 
(b) 
otherw ise, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
5.5 
Early Termination of the Warrants 
Where the amount due to be paid to (or delivered to, in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants) a Warrantholder as a result 
of the early expiration or cancellation of the Warrants is expressed to be the "Event-linked Early Settlement Amount" or 
the "Early Termination Physical Delivery Amount", as the case may be, such amount w ill be determined in accordance w ith 
the applicable provisions of this Condition. 
Early Termination Settlement Amount means the Market Value. 
Early Termination Physical Delivery Amount means an amount determined in the same manner as the Physical Delivery 
Amount w ould be determined in respect of the Warrants in accordance w ith Condition 4.12 save that references therein to 
the Final Settlement Price shall be deemed to be references to the Early Termination Settlement Price. 
Early Termination Settlement Price means: 
(1) 
in the case Call Warrants is specified in the applicable Final Terms: the sum of (i) the Early Termination Settlement 
Amount multiplied, if applicable, by the Parity and (ii) the Exercise Price. 
(2) 
in the case Put Warrants is specified in the applicable Final Terms: (i) the Exercise Price minus (ii) the Early 
Termination Settlement Amount multiplied, if applicable by the Parity. 
Market Value means (i) an amount equal to an amount determined by the Calculation Agent, w hich, on the due date for 
the early expiration or cancellation of the Warrant, shall represent the fair market value of the Warrant and shall have the 
effect (after taking into account the costs that cannot be avoided to settle the Warrants at the fair market value to the 
Warrantholders) of preserving for the Warrantholder the economic equivalent of the obligations of the Issuer to make the 
payments in respect of the Warrant w hich w ould, but for such early expiration or cancellation, have fallen due after the 
relevant early expiration or cancellation date, or (ii) in the event of Warrants listed on the Italian Stock Exchange (Borsa 
Italiana S.p.A.), an amount determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner to be the fair market value of the Warrants immediately prior, and ignoring the circumstances leading, to suc h 
termination. 
For the avoidance of doubt, for the purpose of calculating the Market Value follow ing an Event of Default pursuant to 
Condition 8 only, no account shall be taken of the creditw orthiness of: 
(A) 
the Issuer, w ho shall be deemed to be able to perform fully its obligations in respect of the Warrants; or 
(B) 
the Guarantor, w hich shall be deemed to be able to perform fully its obligations in respect of the Guarantee. 
5.6 
Open-ended Warrants 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the Warrants are “Open-ended Warrants”, the Warrants w ill be exercisable in 
accordance w ith this Condition but w ill not have a fixed expiry date. As such, the Issuer w ill not be liable for the payment

--- Page 191 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
 
191 
 
or delivery, as the case may be, of the Settlement Amount on the Settlement Date pursuant to Conditions 5.1 or 5.2. The 
Issuer w ill, in full and final satisfaction of its obligations in respect of each Warrant, pay or deliver or procure payment or 
delivery of the Early Termination Settlement Amount or Early Termination Physical Delivery Amount, Optional Early 
Settlement Amount, Early Trigger Level Settlement Amount or Early Trigger Level Physical Delivery Amount or 
Event-linked Early Settlement Amount in accordance w ith this Condition 5. 
The Issuer w ill have the right to settle the Warrants, at their Optional Early Settlement Amount as per Condition 5.4.1.2 
and the Warrantholder w ill have the right to request the Issuer to settle any Warrant at their Optional Early Settlement 
Amount as per Condition 5.4.1.3. 
In relation to Credit Linked Warrants, the obligation to pay the Event-linked Early Settlement Amount w ill be subject to the 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants. 
5.7 
Forced transfer of Registered Warrants 
Any transfer or other disposition of any legal or beneficial ow nership interest in a Warrant to a person that is not a Permit ted 
Transferee w ill be void ab initio and of no legal effect w hatsoever. Any purported transferee of any legal or beneficial 
ow nership interest in a Warrant in such a transaction w ill not be entitled to any rights as a legal or beneficial ow ner of such 
interest in such a Warrant. If the Issuer determines at any time that a holder of a Warrant (i) is a person that is not a 
Permitted Transferee, or (ii) purchased such Warrant in breach of the deemed or actual representations given by such 
Warrantholder upon the purchase of such Warrant, the Issuer may (a) redeem such Warrant, or (b) direct such 
Warrantholder to sell or transfer its Warrant to a Permitted Transferee in an offshore transaction meeting the requirements 
of Regulation S w ithin 30 days follow ing receipt of such notice, and if such Warrantholder fails to sell or transfer its Warrant 
w ithin such 30 day period, the Issuer may transfer or sell such Warrant on behalf of such Warrantholder. 
No payments w ill be made on the affected Warrants from the date notice of the sale requirement is sent to the date on 
w hich the affected Warrants are sold. 
There can be no assurance that a Warrantholder, or an interest therein, w ho is required to sell Warrants, or w hose Warrants 
are sold on his behalf (pursuant to this Condition) w ill not incur a significant loss as a result of the need for the relevant 
Issuer, or for the transferor, to find a qualifying transferee w illing to purchase the Warrants. Neither the relevant Issuer, the 
Guarantor (if applicable) nor any other party shall be liable to a Warrantholder for any such loss 
5.8 
Monetisation until the Expiration Date 
If (i) for the purpose of Condition 5.3 the Issuer elects to apply Monetisation until the Expiration Date or if the applicable 
Final Terms specify that Early Termination Settlement Amount, w ill not apply or (ii) if pursuant to the applicable Additional 
Terms and Conditions specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent elects to apply Monetisation as per 
this Condition, then the Issuer shall no longer be liable for the payment of the Optional Early Settlement Amount on the 
Optional Early Settlement Date or the Cash Settlement Amount as defined in the applicable Final Terms on the Settlement 
Date, but instead w ill, in full and final satisfaction of its obligations, pay an amount described in Conditions 5.8.1 and/or 
5.8.2. 
In addition, in respect of Physical Delivery Warrants, follow ing the occurrence of an event giving rise to the Monetisation 
until the Expiration Date, the Issuer shall no longer be liable for delivery of the Physical Delivery Amount related to the 
Optional Early Settlement Date and/or the Physical Delivery Amount as defined in the applicable Final Terms on the 
Settlement Date, as the case may be, but instead w ill, in full and final satisfaction of its obligations and, subject to payment 
of the Exercise Price divided, if applicable, by the Parity, deliver Deliverable Asset(s) in an amount equal to the sum of (i) 
the amount described in Conditions 5.8.1 or 5.8.2 and (ii) the Exercise Price divided, if applicable, by the Parity. 
This Condition and the Monetisation w ith Early Termination at the option of the Warrantholder w ill apply, if paragraph 
“Cancellation for Tax Event, Special Tax Event, Regulatory Event, Force Majeure Event or Event of Default” of the 
applicable Final Terms specifies that “Monetisation w ith Early Termination at the option of the Warrantholder, except for 
Force Majeure Event or Event of Default” applies.

--- Page 192 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
 
192 
 
All references to the w ord "fourth" in the paragraphs below  may be deemed to be a reference to another time limit as 
determined by the Calculation Agent pursuant to rules applicable to the relevant Clearing System. 
5.8.1 
Monetisation of any Optional Early Settlement Amount 
5.8.1.1 In respect of the termination of the Warrants whose Optional Early Settlement Amount as defined in the 
applicable Final Terms, could be as low as zero 
Pursuant to the provisions of this Condition, the Issuer shall pay on the Settlement Date an amount per Warrant, determined 
by the Calculation Agent, based on (a) the net positive cash amount that Societe Generale or any of its affiliates or a 
Hypothetical Investor as the case may be w ould be left w ith on the Optional Full Liquidation Date, as a result of liquidating  
the Optional Hedge Positions (inter alia by satisfying any obligations or liabilities in place w ith respect to all or part of such 
Optional Hedge Positions, if any, w ith the liquidation proceeds of the assets of the Optional Hedge Positions) (the result of 
w hich, converted if necessary into the Settlement Currency using the Relevant Spot Exchange Rate on the Optional Full 
Liquidation Date, is a Calculation Amount for the purposes of this provision and of the Compounding Method) together 
w ith (b) interest that w ould have accrued on such Calculation Amount pursuant to the Compounding Method, during the 
period (w hich for the purposes of this provision and of the Compounding Method shall be a Calculation Period) betw een 
(x) the Optional Full Liquidation Date (included) and the earlier of (i) the Expiration Date and (ii) the fourth Business Day  
preceding the Settlement Date (excluded). 
For the avoidance of doubt, the liquidation proceeds of any assets held by Societe Generale or any of its affiliates or by a 
Hypothetical Investor as Optional Hedge Positions shall be deemed to be used in priority to extinguish any liability, if any, 
incurred by Societe Generale or any of its affiliates or by a Hypothetical Investor under its Optional Hedge Positions and 
the Calculation Amount mentioned above can be as low  as zero. 
5.8.1.2 In respect of the termination of the Warrants whose Optional Ear ly Settlement Amount as defined in the 
applicable Final Terms, cannot be in any case lower than an amount strictly positive (the Optional 
Minimum Settlement Amount) 
Pursuant to the provisions of this Condition, the Issuer shall pay (1) on the Optional Early Settlement Date an amount per 
Warrant equal to the Optional Minimum Settlement Amount, and (2) on the Settlement Date, an amount per Warrant, 
determined by the Calculation Agent, equal to the positive difference, if any, betw een: 
(a) 
the net positive cash amount that Societe Generale or any of its affiliates or a Hypothetical Investor as the case 
may be w ould be left w ith on the Optional Full Liquidation Date, as a result of liquidating, the Optional Hedge 
Positions (inter alia by satisfying any obligations or liabilities in place w ith respect to all or part of such Optional 
Hedge Positions, if any, w ith the liquidation proceeds of the assets of the Optional Hedge Positions) (the result of 
w hich, converted if necessary into the Settlement Currency using the Relevant Spot Exchange Rate on the 
Optional Full Liquidation Date is a Calculation Amount for the purposes of this provision and of the Compounding 
Method) together w ith (b) interest that w ould have accrued on such Calculation Amount pursuant to the 
Compounding Method, during the period (w hich for the purposes of this provision and of the Compounding Method 
shall be a Calculation Period) betw een (x) the Optional Full Liquidation Date (included) and the earlier of (i) the 
Expiration Date and (ii) the fourth Business Day preceding the Settlement Date (excluded), and 
(b) 
an amount equal to the Optional Minimum Settlement Amount. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the liquidation proceeds of any assets held by Societe Generale or any of its affiliates or by a 
Hypothetical Investor as Optional Hedge Positions shall be deemed to be used in priority to extinguish any liability, if any, 
incurred by Societe Generale or any of its affiliates or by a Hypothetical Investor under its Optional Hedge Positions and 
the Calculation Amount mentioned above can be as low  as zero. 
5.8.2 
Monetisation of the Settlement Amount 
5.8.2.1 In respect of the termination of the Warrants whose Settlement Amount as defined in the applicable Final 
Terms, could be as low as zero

--- Page 193 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
 
193 
 
Pursuant to the provisions of this Condition, the Issuer shall pay on the Settlement Date, as the case may be, an amount 
per Warrant, determined by the Calculation Agent, based on (a) the net positive cash amount that Societe Generale or any 
of its affiliates or a Hypothetical Investor as the case may be w ould be left w ith on the Full Liquidation Date, as a result of 
liquidating the Hedge Positions (inter alia by satisfying any obligations or liabilities in place w ith respect to all or part of 
such Hedge Positions, if any, w ith the liquidation proceeds of the assets of the Hedge Positions) (the result of w hich, 
converted if necessary into the Settlement Currency using the Relevant Spot Exchange Rate on the Full Liquidation Date, 
is a Calculation Amount for the purposes of this provision and of the Compounding Method) together w ith (b) interest that 
w ould have accrued on such Calculation Amount pursuant to the Compounding Method, during the period (w hich for the 
purposes of this provision and of the Compounding Method shall be a Calculation Period) betw een (x) the Full Liquidation 
Date (included) and the earlier of (i) the Expiration Date and (ii) the fourth Business Day preceding the Settlement Date 
(excluded). 
For the avoidance of doubt, the liquidation proceeds of any assets held by Societe Generale or any of its affiliates or by a 
Hypothetical Investor as Hedge Positions shall be deemed to be used in priority to extinguish any liability, if any, incurred 
by Societe Generale or any of its affiliates or by a Hypothetical Investor under its Hedge Positions and the Calculation 
Amount mentioned above can be as low  as zero 
5.8.2.2 In respect of the termination of the Warrants whose Settlement Amount as defined in the applicable Final 
Terms, cannot be in any case lower than an amount strictly positive (the Minimum Settlement Amount) 
Pursuant to the provisions of this Condition, the Issuer shall pay on the Settlement Date, an amount per Warrant, 
determined by the Calculation Agent, equal to the sum of (1) the Minimum Settlement Amount and (2) an amount, equal 
to the positive difference, if any, betw een: 
(a) 
the net positive cash amount that Societe Generale or any of its affiliates or a Hypothetical Investor, as the case 
may be, w ould be left w ith on the Full Liquidation Date, as a result of liquidating, the Hedge Positions (inter alia 
by satisfying any obligations or liabilities in place w ith respect to all or part of such Hedge Positions, if any, w ith 
the liquidation proceeds of the assets of the Hedge Positions) (the result of w hich, converted if necessary into the 
Settlement Currency using the Relevant Spot Exchange Rate on the Full Liquidation Date, is a Calculation 
Amount for the purposes of this provision and of the Compounding Method) together w ith (b) interest that w ould 
have accrued on such Calculation Amount pursuant to the Compounding Method, during the period (w hich for 
the purposes of this provision and of the Compounding Method shall be a Calculation Period) betw een (x) the 
Full Liquidation Date (included) and the earlier of (i) the Expiration Date and (ii) the fourth Business Day preceding 
the Settlement Date (excluded), and 
(b) 
an amount equal to the Minimum Settlement Amount. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the liquidation proceeds of any assets held by Societe Generale or any of its affiliates or by a 
Hypothetical Investor as Hedge Positions shall be deemed to be used in priority to extinguish any liability, if any, incurred 
by Societe Generale or any of its affiliates or by a Hypothetical Investor under its Hedge Positions and the Calculation 
Amount mentioned above can be as low  as zero. 
5.8.3 
Definitions specific to the Monetisation until the Expiration Date  
Adjusted Calculation Amount means (a) in respect of the first Compounding Period of a Calculation Period, the 
Calculation Amount for that Calculation Period and (b) in respect of any succeeding Compounding Period in that 
Calculation Period, an amount equal to the sum of the Calculation Amount for that Calculation Period and the Compounding 
Period Amounts for each of the previous Compounding Periods in that Calculation Period. 
Clearing System means the clearing system through w hich the Warrants are cleared and settled, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Compounding Date means, in respect of a Calculation Period, each Business Day (as defined in Condition 3.6) of such 
Calculation Period.

--- Page 194 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
 
194 
 
Compounding Method means that the amount of interest shall be equal to the sum of the Compounding Period Amounts 
for each Compounding Period in the related Calculation Period. 
Compounding Period means, in respect of a Calculation Period, each period from and including a Compounding Date to 
but excluding the immediately follow ing Compounding Date during that Calculation Period. 
Compounding Period Amount means, in respect of a Compounding Period, the product of (a) the Adjusted Calculation 
Amount, (b) the Compounding Rate and (c) the Day Count Fraction. 
Compounding Rate means, in respect of a Compounding Period Amount, the annualised interest rate that the Issuer 
offers in the Settlement Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent on the first day of the relevant Compounding 
Period; the specific Compounding Rate used in respect of a Settlement Currency shall be available at the office of the 
Calculation Agent from the first day of a Calculation Period. 
Day Count Fraction means, for the purposes of Compounding Method, the exact number of days in a Compounding 
Period (the first included and the last excluded), divided by 360. 
Expiration Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms of  the relevant Warrants. 
Full Liquidation Date means, in respect of the Settlement Date the date on w hich the liquidation proceeds of the Hedge 
Positions (including inter alia by satisfying any obligations or liabilities in place w ith respect to all or part of such Hedge 
Positions, if any, w ith the liquidation proceeds of the assets of such Hedge Positions) are deemed, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, to be fully received by Societe Generale or any of its affiliates or by a Hypothetical Investor, as the case 
may be. 
Hedge Positions means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance, by Societe Generale or any of its affiliates or by 
a Hypothetical Investor, as the case may be, of one or more (a) positions or contracts in securities, options, futures, 
derivatives, interest rate transactions or foreign exchange transactions, (b) securities lending/borrow ing transactions, (c) 
cash deposits or cash borrow ings and/or (d) other instruments, arrangements, assets or liabilities how soever described, 
in order to hedge individually or on a portfolio basis, part or all of Societe Generale or any of its affiliates’ or a Hypothetical 
Investor, as the case may be, obligations under the Warrants due on the Settlement Date apportioned pro rata to each 
outstanding Warrant provided that, if the Optional Full Liquidation Date has not occurred on or before the earlier of (x) the 
Expiration Date and (y) the fourth Business Day preceding the Settlement Date, then Hedge Positions w ill include the 
Optional Hedge Positions. 
Hypothetical Investor means a hypothetical institutional investor not resident in (a) the applicable Relevant Jurisdiction, 
Local Jurisdiction and/or the Tax Residence Jurisdiction for the purposes of the tax law s and regulations of the Relevant 
Jurisdiction, Local Jurisdiction and/or the Tax Residence Jurisdiction, as applicable; or (b) a jurisdiction w here any refund, 
credit or any other benefit, exemption or reduction in relation to any Local Taxes may arise under an applicable tax treaty 
or any relevant law s or arrangements. 
Optional Early Settlement Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms of the relevant Warrants. 
Optional Settlement Amount means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms of the relevant Warrants. 
Optional Full Liquidation Date means, in respect of an Optional Early Settlement Date, the date on w hich the liquidation 
proceeds of the Optional Hedge Positions (including inter alia by satisfying any obligations or liabilities in place w ith respect 
to all or part of such Optional Hedge Positions, if any, w ith the liquidation proceeds of the assets of such Optional Hedge 
Positions) are deemed, as determined by the Calculation Agent, to be fully received by Societe Generale or any of its 
affiliates or by a Hypothetical Investor, as the case may be. 
Optional Hedge Positions means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance, by Societe Generale or any of its 
affiliates or by a Hypothetical Investor, as the case may be, of one or more (a) positions or contracts in securitiess, options, 
futures, derivatives, interest rate transactions or foreign exchange transactions, (b) securities lending/borrow ing 
transactions, (c) cash deposits or cash borrow ings and/or (d) other instruments, arrangements, assets or liabilities 
how soever described, in order to hedge individually or on a portfolio basis, a part or all of Societe Generale or any of its

--- Page 195 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
 
195 
 
affiliates’ obligations under the Warrants due on an Optional Early Settlement Date, apportioned pro rata to each 
outstanding Warrant. 
Relevant Spot Exchange Rate means in respect of a date and an amount to be converted into the Settlement Currency, 
the rate of exchange of the currency in w hich such amount is denominated into the Settlement Currency used to convert 
such amount on such date into the Settlement Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Settlement Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms of the relevant Warrants. 
6. 
TAXATION 
Unless specified otherw ise in the Terms and Conditions, all payments and deliveries in respect of Warrants and, if 
applicable, under the Guarantee, shall be made free and clear of, and w ithout w ithholding or deduction for or on account 
of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of w hatever nature imposed, levied, 
collected, w ithheld or assessed by or on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction unless such w ithholding or deduction is required by 
law . 
6.1 
Gross-up 
Unless the applicable Final Terms specify that (i) Gross-up provision is not applicable or (ii) Early Termination for the 
purpose of Condition 6.1 is not applicable, this Condition w ill apply. 
If payments in respect of Warrants or (if applicable) under the Guarantee, are subject under the legislation of any Tax 
Jurisdiction, to a w ithholding or a deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of w hatever nature, the relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor shall, to the fullest 
extent permitted by law , pay such additional amount as may be necessary, in order that each Warrantholder after such 
w ithholding or deduction, w ill receive the full amount then due and payable provided that no such additional amount shall 
be payable w ith respect to any Warrant: 
(i) 
the holder of w hich is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges in respect of such 
Warrant by reason of their being connected w ith Luxembourg (in the case of payments by SG Issuer) or France 
(in the case of payments by Societe Generale) or Germany (in the case of payments by SG Effekten) other than 
by the mere holding of such Warrant; or 
(ii) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below ), except to the extent that 
the holder thereof w ould have been entitled to an additional amount on presenting the same for payment on such 
thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a Payment Business Day (as defined in Condition 4.9); or 
(iii) 
in respect of Exempt Offers, if the applicable Final Terms indicate that no such additional amounts shall be 
payable. 
Notw ithstanding any other provision of these General Terms and Conditions, in no event w ill the Issuer or Guarantor be 
required to pay any additional amounts in respect of the Warrants for, or on account of, any w ithholding or deduction (i) 
required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Code or otherw ise imposed pursuant to Sections 
1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, or any of ficial interpretations thereof, or any 
law  implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto, (ii) imposed pursuant to the Section 871(m) Regulations or (iii) 
imposed by any other law  of the United States. In addition, in determining the amount of Section 871(m) w ithholding 
imposed, the Issuer shall be entitled to w ithhold on any "dividend equivalent" (as defined for purposes of Section 871(m) 
of the Code) at the highest rate applicable to such payments regardless of any exemption from, or reduction in, such 
w ithholding otherw ise available under applicable law . 
If the Issuer determines that the Warrants are Specified Warrants pursuant to Section 871(m) Regulations, the applicable 
Final Terms w ill specify the w ithholding rate, the name of the entity w hich w ill w ithhold the rate and the e-mail address 
w here the Warrantholders can request additional information regarding the application of Section 871(m) Regulations.

--- Page 196 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
 
196 
 
With respect to Specified Warrants that provide for net dividend reinvestment in respect of either an underlying U.S. security 
(i.e. a security that pays U.S. source dividends) or an index that includes U.S. securities, all payments on Warrants that 
reference such U.S. securities or an index that includes U.S. securities may be calculated by reference to dividends on 
such U.S. securities that are reinvested at a rate of 70%. In such case, in calculating the relevant payment amount, the 
holder w ill be deemed to receive, and the Issuer w ill be deemed to w ithhold, 30% of any dividend equivalent payments  (as 
defined in Section 871(m) of the Code) in respect of the relevant U.S. securities. The Issuer w ill not pay any additional 
amounts to the holder on account of the Section 871(m) amount deemed w ithheld. 
For the purpose of this Condition: 
Relevant Date means the date on w hich the relevant payment first becomes due, except that, if the full amount of the 
moneys payable has not been duly received by the Fiscal Agent (or, in the case of Uncertificated Warrants), the holders 
of such Uncertificated Warrants) on or prior to such due date, it means the date on w hich, the full amount of such moneys 
having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Warrantholders in accordance w ith Condition 12. 
Section 871(m) Regulations means the U.S. Treasury regulations issued under Section 871(m) of the Code. 
Specified Warrants means, subject to special rules from 2017 through 2022 set out in Notice 2020-2 (the Notice), 
Warrants issued on or after 1 January 2017 that substantially replicate the economic performance of one or more U.S. 
underlying equities as determined by the Issuer on the date for such Warrants as of w hich the expected delta of the product 
is determined by the Issuer, based on tests set out in the applicable Section 871(m) Regulations (for the purposes of the 
Notice, such Warrants are deemed “delta-one” instruments). 
Tax Jurisdiction means either Luxembourg or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having pow er to 
tax (in the case of payments by SG Issuer), or France or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having 
pow er to tax (in the case of payments by Societe Generale), or Germany or any political subdivision or any authority thereof 
or therein having pow er to tax (in the case of payments by SG Effekten). 
7. 
PRESCRIPTION 
Claims on Bearer Global Warrants, Registered Warrants, EUI Warrants and Uncertificated Warrants w ill become void 
unless claims in respect of payments are made w ithin a period of ten years after the Relevant Date (as defined in 
Condition 6) therefor. 
The Luxembourg act dated 3 September 1996 on the involuntary dispossession of bearer Warrants, as amended (the 
Involuntary Dispossession Act 1996) requires that, in the event that (i) an opposition has been filed in relation to the 
Warrants and (ii) the Warrants mature prior to becoming forfeited (as provided for in the Involuntary Dispossession Act 
1996), any amount that is payable under the Warrants, (but has not yet been paid to the Warrantholders) is paid to the 
Caisse des consignations in Luxembourg until the opposition has been w ithdraw n or the forfeiture of the Warrants occurs. 
8. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
Upon the occurrence of any of the follow ing events (each an Event of Default): 
(i) 
default by the Issuer is made in the payment or delivery of any amount due in respect of the Warrants and such 
default continues for a period of 30 days, unless the Guarantor (if any) shall have remedied such default before 
the expiry of such period, and save that the late delivery of any Deliverable Assets in the circumstances referred 
to in Condition 4.12 shall not constitute an Event of Default; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under or in respect of the Warrants and the failure 
continues for a period of 60 days next follow ing the service on the Issuer and (if applicable) the Guarantor of a 
notice requiring the same to be remedied (except in any case w here such failure is incapable of remedy, by the 
Issuer or the Guarantor, in w hich case no such continuation here above mentioned w ill be required); or 
(iii) 
the Issuer institutes or has instituted against it by a regulator, supervisor or any similar official w ith primary 
insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or the jurisdiction of

--- Page 197 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
 
197 
 
its head office, or the Issuer consents to a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any 
other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law  or other similar law  affecting creditors’ rights, or the Issuer 
consents to a petition for its w inding-up or liquidation by it or by such regulator, supervisor or similar official, 
provided that proceedings instituted or petitions presented by creditors and not consented to by the Issuer shall 
not constitute an Event of Default; or 
(iv) 
in the case of any Issue of Warrants in respect of w hich the Guarantee is applicable, the Guarantee ceases to be 
in full force and effect in respect of such Issue of Warrants, or notice is given by the Guarantor w hich w ould cause 
the Guarantee to cease to be in full force and effect in respect of such Issue of Warrants, or is rendered void for 
any cause or by any means w hatsoever except if the same results from the occurrence of a Change in Law  w hich 
constitutes a Regulatory Event as provided for in Condition 5.3; or 
(v) 
in the case of Secured Warrants issued by SG Issuer, a Required Collateral Default Notice is delivered in relation 
to a Collateral Pool securing such Secured Warrants; 
then the Warrantholder may give w ritten notice to the relevant Issuer and, (if applicable) the Guarantor, that the Warrants 
are, and they shall accordingly forthw ith become, immediately cancelled and a payment w ill be due to such Warrantholder 
in an amount equal to, in the case of Cash Settled Warrants, the Early Termination Settlement Amount or, in the case of 
Physical Delivery Warrants the Early Termination Physical Delivery Amount (subject to payment of the Exercise Price 
divided, if applicable, by the Parity). 
9. 
REPLACEM ENT OF WARRANTS 
Should any Warrant (except any Uncertificated Warrant) be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced 
at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent (in the case of Bearer Global Warrants) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered 
Warrants), subject to relevant stock exchange requirements and all applicable law s, upon payment by the claimant of such 
costs and expenses as may be incurred in connection therew ith and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity 
(w hich may provide, inter alia, that if any allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Warrant is subsequently presented for payment, 
there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such Warrant and otherw ise 
as the Issuer or, if applicable, the Guarantor, may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Warrants must be surrendered 
before replacements w ill be issued. The replacement of Warrants in bearer form, in the case of loss or thef t, is subject to 
the procedure of the Involuntary Dispossession Act 1996. 
10. 
APPOINTMENT OF AGENTS 
10.1 
Agents 
The names of the initial Fiscal Agent, the initial Registrar and the other initial Paying Agent(s) and their initial specified 
offices are set out below  (except w ith respect to Uncertificated Warrants and SIS Warrants) and the name(s) and the 
specified office of the Calculation Agent(s) are specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
In addition, the Fiscal Agent may, (if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) delegate certain of its functions and duties 
in relation to Physical Delivery Warrants to a settlement agent (the Settlement Agent). 
In relation to SIS Warrants and any other Warrants listed on SIX Sw iss Exchange, the Issuer w ill maintain a Principal Sw iss 
Paying Agent having a specified office in Sw itzerland (w hich, in the case of Warrants listed on SIX Sw iss Exchange, shall 
at all times be a bank or securities dealer that is subject to supervision by FINMA) w hose duties w ill be set out in the Sw iss 
Paying Agency Agreement, and the Issuer w ill at all time maintain a Paying Agent in respect of CHF-denominated SIS 
Warrants having a specified office in Sw itzerland. In relation to SIS Warrants, Uncertificated Sw iss Warrants and any other 
Warrants listed on SIX Sw iss Exchange, any reference in these Conditions to the Fiscal Agent shall so far as the context 
permits be deemed to be a reference to the Principal Sw iss Paying Agent. 
In relation to EUI Warrants, the Issuer w ill appoint (and in the case of CDIs permanently maintain) a EUI Agent.

--- Page 198 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
 
198 
 
In relation to Uncertificated Nordic Warrants, the Issuer w ill, in accordance w ith the relevant Uncertificated Nordic CSD 
Rules, appoint in addition to the relevant Uncertificated Nordic Warrants CSD an Additional Paying Agent. Such Additional 
Paying Agent shall be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Issuer and (if applicable) the Guarantor are entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent or 
Settlement Agent and/or appoint additional or other Paying Agents or Settlement Agents and/or approve any change in 
the specified office through w hich any Paying Agent or Settlement Agent acts, provided that (except w ith respect to 
Uncertificated Warrants): 
(i) 
so long as the Warrants are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to trading or listing by another relevant 
authority, there w ill at all times be a Paying Agent (w hich may be the Fiscal Agent) and a Transfer Agent (w hich 
may be the Registrar) w ith a specified office in such place as may be required by the rules and regulations of the 
relevant stock exchange; and 
(ii) 
there w ill at all times be a Paying Agent (w hich may be the Fiscal Agent) w ith a specified office in a city in Europe; 
and 
(iii) 
there w ill be one or more Calculation Agent(s) w here the Terms and Conditions so require; and 
(iv) 
there w ill be a Consolidation Agent w here the Terms and Conditions so require; and 
(v) 
there w ill at all times be a Fiscal Agent and a Registrar. 
In addition, the Issuer and the Guarantor (if any) shall forthw ith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New 
York City in the circumstances described in the second paragraph of Condition 4.2. Any variation, termination, appointment 
or change shall only take effect (other than in the case of insolvency, w hen it shall be of immediate effect) after not less 
than 30 or more than 45 days' prior notice thereof shall have been given to the Warrantholders in accordance w ith Condition 
12. 
Notw ithstanding the foregoing, if appropriate, for so long as any Uncertificated Warrants are listed on the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange, the Issuer w ill maintain a paying agent w ith a specified office in Luxembourg, all as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. In respect of any Uncertificated Warrants, the Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment 
of the relevant central securities depositary and clearing institution or the Additional Paying Agent, provided that the Issuer 
w ill appoint another central securities depositary and clearing institution or Additional Paying Agent(s), as the case may 
be, each of them to be duly authorised, in the case of (i) Uncertificated Sw edish Warrants, under the Sw edish CSD Rules, 
(ii) Uncertificated Finnish Warrants, under the Finnish CSD Rules, (iii) Uncertificated Norw egian Warrants, under the 
Norw egian Central Securities Depositories Act no. 6 of 15 March 2019 (No. Verdipapirsentralloven), (iv) in the case of 
Uncertificated Spanish Warrants, under the SMA and the rules and procedures of Iberclear or (v) in the case of 
Uncertificated Italian Warrants, under the Italian CSD Rules, each as amended and/or re-enacted from time to time. The 
central securities depositary and clearing institution and the Additional Paying Agent(s) appointed in respect of 
Uncertificated Warrants act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency 
or trust w ith, any Warrantholders. The Issuer shall be entitled to obtain information from the registers maintained by the 
relevant central securities depositary and clearing institution for the purposes of performing its obligations under any 
Uncertificated Warrants. 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Paying Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and, if applicable, the 
Guarantor, and do not assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust w ith, any Warrantholders. The Agency 
Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into w hich any Paying Agent is merged or converted or w ith w hich it 
is consolidated or to w hich it transfers all or substantially all of its assets to become the successor paying agent. 
10.2 
Calculation Agent 
In connection w ith any Issue of Warrants, if the calculation agent specified in the applicable Final Terms (the Calculation 
Agent) is:

--- Page 199 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
 
199 
 
(i) 
Societe Generale, such appointment w ill be governed by the terms of the calculation agency agreement (the 
Calculation Agency Agreement); or 
(ii) 
any entity other than Societe Generale, the terms of such appointment w ill be summarised in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
11. 
SUBSTITUTION OF THE ISSUER 
Unless the applicable Final Terms specify that “Substitution of the Issuer” is “Not Applicable”, this Condition w ill apply. 
Societe Generale or SG Issuer or SG Effekten may be replaced by each other or by any subsidiary of Societe Generale or 
any other third party as principal obligor in respect of the Warrants w ithout the consent of the relevant Warrantholders. If 
any of Societe Generale or SG Issuer or SG Effekten determines that it shall be replaced by one another or by any 
subsidiary of Societe Generale or any other third party (the Substituted Obligor), it shall give not less than 30 nor more 
than 45 days' notice, in accordance w ith Condition 12, to the Warrantholders of such event and, immediately on the expiry 
of such notice, the Substituted Obligor shall become the principal obligor in place of the relevant Issuer and the 
Warrantholders shall thereupon cease to have any rights or claims w hatsoever against the relevant Issuer. How ever, no 
such substitution shall take effect: 
(i) 
if the effect of such substitution w ould, at the time of such substitution, be that payments in respect of the Warrants 
w ould be required to be made subject to any w ithholding or deduction w hich w ould not otherw ise arise in the 
absence of such substitution; 
(ii) 
if the Substituted Obligor is not the Guarantor, until the Guarantor shall have entered into an unconditional and 
irrevocable guarantee substantially in the form of the Guarantee in respect of the obligations of such Substituted 
Obligor; 
(iii) 
in any case, until the Substituted Obligor shall have provided to the Fiscal Agent such documents as may be 
necessary to make the Warrants and the Agency Agreement its legal, valid and binding obligations; and 
(iv) 
if required by any applicable law  or regulation, until such Substituted Obligor shall have been approved in w riting 
by the relevant authorities as able to issue the relevant Warrants. 
Upon any such substitution, the Warrants w ill be modified as required, and the Warrantholders w ill be notified of the 
modified terms and conditions of such Warrants in accordance w ith Condition 12. 
For the purposes of this Condition, it is expressly agreed that by subscribing to, acquiring or otherw ise purchasing 
Warrants, the Warrantholders are expressly deemed to have consented to the substitution of the relevant Issuer by the 
Substituted Obligor and to the release of the relevant Issuer from any and all obligations in respect of the Warrants and all  
the agreements attached thereto and are expressly deemed to have accepted such substitution and the consequences 
thereof. 
In respect of Uncertificated Nordic Warrants, in addition to the other criteria set forth above, the substitution shall be subject 
to the Uncertificated Nordic Warrants CSD or Euroclear France, as the case may be, having confirmed that follow ing the 
proposed substitution, the Warrants w ill continue to be incorporated and registered in their book-entry system in 
accordance w ith the relevant Uncertificated Nordic Warrants CSD Rules or the rules applicable to Euroclear France. 
12. 
NOTICES 
12.1 
Notices regarding Warrants other than EUI Warrants, Uncertificated SIS Warrants and other Warrants 
listed on SIX Swiss Exchange 
12.1.1 
All notices regarding Warrants shall be deemed to be validly given if published in a leading daily new spaper of 
general circulation in Europe provided that so long as such Warrants are listed on any regulated market or stock 
exchange(s) or are admitted to trading by a relevant authority the Issuer shall instead ensure that notices are duly

--- Page 200 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
 
200 
 
published in a manner w hich complies w ith the rules and regulations of such regulated market, stock exchange(s) 
or relevant authority. 
Any such notice w ill be deemed to have been given (i) on the date of the first publication or, w here required to be 
published in more than one new spaper, on the date of the first publication in all required new spaper(s) (w hich, in 
the case of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort (or the Tageblatt)) or (ii) 
in the case of publication on a w ebsite, on the date on w hich such notice is first posted on the relevant w ebsite 
(w hich, in the case of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, shall be w ww.bourse.lu and in the case of SIX Sw iss 
Exchange, shall be w ww.six-swiss-exchange.com (w here notices are currently published under the address 
w ww.six-swiss-exchange.com/new s/official_notices/search_en.html)). 
12.1.2 
Until such time as any Warrants in definitive form are issued and so long as the Global Warrant(s) representing 
the Warrants is or are held in its or their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream and/or Iberclear, 
publication of a notice in such new spaper(s) or on such w ebsites as referred to in Condition 12.1.1 may be 
substituted by the delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream and/or Iberclear for 
communication by them to the Warrantholders. 
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the Warrantholders on the day on w hich the said notice 
w as given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream and/or Iberclear. 
12.1.3 
All notices regarding Definitive Registered Warrants shall be deemed to be validly given if sent by first class mail 
or by airmail (if posted to an address overseas) to the Warrantholders (or the first named of joint holders) at their 
respective addresses recorded in the Register. 
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the fourth day after mailing. 
12.1.4 
All notices to holders of Uncertificated Warrants shall be deemed to be validly given if sent by mail to a 
Warrantholder on the address registered for such Warrantholder in the system of the relevant central securities 
depositary and clearing institution or in accordance w ith the legislation, rules and regulations applicable to, and/or 
issued by, the relevant central securities depositary and clearing institution. 
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given, if sent by mail to the Warrantholder, on the fourth day 
follow ing the day the notice w as sent by mail. 
12.1.5 
Notices to be given by any Warrantholder (except in the case of Uncertificated Warrants) shall be in w riting and 
given by lodging the same, together (in the case of any Warrant in definitive form) w ith the relative Warrant or 
Warrants, w ith the Fiscal Agent (in the case of Bearer Global Warrants) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered 
Warrants). Whilst any of the Warrants are represented by a Global Warrant, such notice may be given by any 
Warrantholder to the Fiscal Agent or the Registrar (as applicable) via Euroclear and/or Clearstream and/or 
Iberclear , as the case may be, in such manner as the Fiscal Agent or the Registrar (as applicable) and Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream and/or Iberclear, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
12.2 
Notices regarding (i) Uncertificated SIS Warrants and (ii) other Warrants listed on SIX Swiss Exchange  
Unless otherw ise specified in the relevant Final Terms, notices regarding Uncertificated SIS Warrants may be given by 
communication through the Principal Sw iss Paying Agent to the Intermediary for forw arding to the Warrantholders. Any 
notice so given shall be deemed to have been validly given w ith the communication to the Intermediary. 
So long as Uncertificated SIS Warrants or other Warrants are listed on SIX Sw iss Exchange and so long as the rules of 
SIX Sw iss Exchange so require, all notices in respect of such Warrants w ill also be given w ithout cost to the Warrantholders 
through the Principal Sw iss Paying Agent either: 
(i) 
by 
means 
of 
electronic 
publication 
on 
the 
internet 
w ebsite 
of 
SIX 
Sw iss 
Exchange 
(w ww .six-sw iss-exchange.com), 
w here 
notices 
are 
currently 
published 
under 
the 
address 
w ww.six-swiss-exchange.com/new s/official_notices/search_en.html; or

--- Page 201 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
 
201 
 
(ii) 
otherw ise in accordance w ith the regulations of SIX Sw iss Exchange. 
In addition, or as an alternative, notices concerning Uncertificated SIS Warrants may be published in a leading daily 
new spaper (such as, for example, the Neue Zürcher Zeitung) having general circulation in Sw itzerland. Any notice so given 
shall be deemed to have been validly given on the date of such publication (or, if published more than once, on the date 
of the first such publication). 
12.3 
Notices regarding EUI Warrants 
All notices to EUI Warrantholders shall be valid if: 
(i) 
delivered to the address of the EUI Warrantholder appearing in the Record by first class post or by hand or, if 
such address is not in the United Kingdom, by airmail post (such notices to be delivered or sent in accordance 
w ith this Condition shall be sent at the risk of the relevant EUI Warrantholder); or 
(ii) 
published in a daily new spaper w ith general circulation in Europe; or 
(iii) 
for so long as the EUI Warrants are listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange, published in accordance 
w ith the rules of such stock exchange. 
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the second Business Day follow ing, in the case of Condition 
12.3(i), such delivery or, in the case of Condition 12.3(ii), the date of such publication or, if published more than once, on 
the date of the first such publication and in the case of Condition 12.3(iii), the date of such publication. 
13. 
FURTHER ISSUES AND CONSOLIDATION – SUBSCRIPTIONS AND PURCHASES – CANCELLATION 
13.1 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, w ithout the consent of the Warrantholders create and issue further Warrants ranking 
pari passu in all respects and on the same Terms and Conditions (save for their Issue Date, Issue Price), and so that the 
same shall be consolidated and form a single issue w ith the outstanding Warrants. 
13.2 
Consolidation 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that clause "Consolidation" is "Applicable", the Issuer may from time to time on or 
after the date specified for a change of currency of the Warrants pursuant to Condition 1, on giving not less than 30 days' 
prior notice to the Warrantholders in accordance w ith Condition 12, w ithout the consent of Warrantholders, consolidate the 
Warrants w ith one or more issues of other Warrants issued by it, w hether or not originally issued in one of the European 
national currencies or in Euro, provided such other Warrants have been redenominated or changed in Euro (if not originally 
denominated or payable in Euro) and w hich otherw ise have, in respect of all periods subsequent to such consolidation, 
the same terms and conditions as the Warrants. 
Circumstances may arise w here the Issuer might deem appropriate to effect a consolidation of a particular Issue of 
Warrants, for example w hen the market price of the relevant Warrants reaches very low  levels so as to potentially affect 
the secondary market efficiency. In such event, w here "Warrant Consolidation" is specified as “applicable” in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Issuer may give notice (a Consolidation Trigger Notice) of at least the Consolidation Notice Period to 
Warrantholders informing them of its intention to effect a consolidation w ith respect to the relevant Warrants. After the 
giving of such Consolidation Trigger Notice, w ith effect from the relevant Consolidation Effective Date and w ithout the 
consent of the Warrantholders, the number of Warrants (such Warrants, Pre-Conversion Warrants) held by each 
Warrantholder (the Existing Holding) w ill be aggregated and such Warrants w ill be converted into a smaller number of 
Warrants (such Warrants, Converted Warrants and the aggregate holding of such Converted Warrants by a 
Warrantholder, the Revised Holding) calculated by dividing the number of Pre-Conversion Warrants in the relevant 
Existing Holding by the Conversion Factor. Where the application of the Conversion Factor to the Existing Holding results 
in any Warrantholder being entitled to a fraction of a Converted Warrant or a Warrantholder holds a number of 
Pre-Conversion Warrants less than the Conversion Factor (in each case the Unconverted Warrants), such Warrantholder

--- Page 202 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
 
202 
 
shall receive a cash amount on the Consolidation Settlement Date equal to the Consolidation Settlement Price of the 
Unconverted Warrants (as determined by the Calculation Agent). 
Upon conversion of Pre-Conversion Warrants into Converted Warrants, the applicable Final Terms shall be deemed to be 
amended to set out the changes to be made to the terms of the Converted Warrants, provided that as a result of such 
changes the market value of the Revised Holding calculated immediately after the consolidation is the same as the market 
value of the Existing Holding calculated immediately before the consolidation. 
Follow ing the conversion of Pre-Conversion Warrants into Converted Warrants, all references in these Terms and 
Conditions to Warrants shall be deemed to be references to the Converted Warrants. 
For the purposes of this Condition: 
Consolidation Effective Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Consolidation Trigger Notice; 
Consolidation Notice Period means the number of days specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Consolidation Settlement Amount means the Market Value as defined in Condition 5.5 determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the Consolidation Effective Date; 
Consolidation Settlement Date means the number of days or Business Days specified in the applicable Consolidation 
Trigger Notice follow ing the Consolidation Effective Date; and 
Conversion Factor is as specified in the applicable Consolidation Trigger Notice. 
Further to the above, the Consolidation Trigger Notice shall include the description of the operational mechanisms to be 
performed in relation to the consolidation. 
13.3 
Subscriptions and Purchases 
The Issuer or (if applicable) the Guarantor shall have the right to subscribe and/or to purchase Warrants at any price in the 
open market or otherw ise, in accordance w ith applicable law s and regulations. 
In the case of Warrants issued by Societe Generale, all Warrants subscribed or purchased by such Issuer may be 
subscribed or purchased and held, in accordance w ith Articles L. 213-0-1 and D.231-0-1 of the French Code monétaire et 
financier. 
13.4 
Cancellation 
All Warrants purchased for cancellation by or on behalf of the Issuer w ill forthw ith be cancelled. All Warrants purchased 
and cancelled shall be forw arded to the Fiscal Agent (or, in the case of Registered Warrants, the Registrar) and cannot be 
reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such Warrants shall be discharged. 
14. 
CALCULATIONS AND DETERMINATIONS 
With respect to a Type of Structured Warrants to w hich the relevant Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured 
Warrants apply, the Calculation Agent responsible for determining and calculating any rate, rate of interest, interest payable 
and any amount payable shall be the Calculation Agent specified in the applicable Final Terms (pursuant to the provisions 
of Condition 10). 
Whenever a Calculation Agent is required to make any calculations, determinations, adjustments or act in any w ay (and 
unless otherw ise provided herein), it w ill do so in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
The calculations and determinations of the Calculation Agent w ill be conclusive and binding upon the Issuer, the Guarantor 
(if any), the Agent, the Warrantholders, in the absence of manifest error or proven error.

--- Page 203 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
 
203 
 
Follow ing the occurrence of an event giving rise to an adjustment w hich is substantial in the opinion of the Calculation 
Agent or of an extraordinary event affecting, in respect of the relevant Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured 
Warrants (i): a relevant Underlying and/or (ii) a Selected Obligation or a Deliverable Obligation, and/or (iii) a Bond, the 
Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer, w hich shall in its turn notify the Agent and the Warrantholders, pursuant to the 
provisions of Condition 12, of the relevant adjustment made or decision taken by the Calculation Agent. Details of such 
adjustment made or decision taken can be obtained by the Warrantholders upon request at the Calculation Agent's address 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
15. 
MEETINGS OF WARRANTHOLDERS, MODIFICATION AND WAIVER 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of the Warrantholders (except holders of the 
Uncertificated Warrants) to consider any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by extraordinary 
resolution (an Extraordinary Resolution) of a modification of the Warrants (except Uncertificated Warrants) or certain 
provisions of the Agency Agreement. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer or the Guarantor (if any) at any time 
or by Warrantholders holding not less than 10 per cent. of the number of Warrants for the time being unexercised. The 
quorum at any such meeting for passing such Extraordinary Resolution is one or more persons holding or representing in 
the aggregate not less than 50 per cent. of the number of Warrants for the time being unexercised, or at any adjourned 
meeting one or more persons being or representing Warrantholders w hatever the number of Warrants so held or 
represented, except that at any meeting the business of w hich includes the modification of certain provisions of the 
Warrants (including but not limited to modifying the exercise date of the Warrants, reducing or cancelling the Cash 
Settlement Amount or Physical Delivery Amount in respect of Warrants, or altering the currency of payment of the Warrants, 
modifying of the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution, sanctioning of any scheme or proposal for the 
exchange or sale of the Warrants for, or the conversion of the Warrants into, or the cancellation of the Warrants in 
consideration of, shares, stock, notes, bonds, debentures, debenture stock and/or other obligations and/or Warrants of the 
Issuer (as further described in the Agency Agreement)), the necessary quorum for passing an Extraordinary Resolution 
w ill be one or more persons holding or representing not less than tw o-thirds, or at any adjourned such meeting not less 
than one-third, in number of Warrants for the time being unexercised. An Extraordinary Resolution passed at any meeting 
of the Warrantholders shall be binding on all Warrantholders, w hether or not they are present at the meeting. 
The Fiscal Agent, the Issuer and the Guarantor (if any) may agree, w ithout the consent of the Warrantholders, to any 
modification of the Warrants or the Agency Agreement w hich is (i) to cure or correct any ambiguity or defective or 
inconsistent provision contained therein, or w hich is of a formal, minor or technical nature or (ii) not materially prejudicial 
to the interests of the Warrantholders (provided the proposed modification does not relate to a matter in respect of w hich 
an Extraordinary Resolution w ould be required if a meeting of Warrantholders w ere held to consider such modification) or 
(iii) to correct a manifest error or proven error or (iv) to comply w ith mandatory provisions of the law . Any such modification 
shall be binding on the Warrantholders and any such modification shall be notified to the Warrantholders in accordance 
w ith Condition 12. 
In respect of Uncertificated Warrants other than EUI Warrants, the Issuer may decide, w ithout the consent of the 
Warrantholders to (a) any modification (except such modifications in respect of w hich an increased quorum is required as 
mentioned above) of the Warrants w hich is not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Warrantholders; or (b) any 
modification of the Warrants w hich is of formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error or proven 
error or to comply w ith mandatory provisions of the law  of the jurisdiction in w hich the Issuer is incorporated. Any such 
modification shall be binding on the relevant Warrantholders and any such modification shall be notified to such 
Warrantholders in accordance w ith Condition 12. 
The EUI Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of the EUI Warrantholders to consider any matter 
affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the EUI Agency Agreement) 
of a modification of the EUI Warrants or any of the provisions of the EUI Agency Agreement. Such a meeting may be 
convened by the Issuer or the Guarantor. At least 21 clear days' notice specifying the place, date and hour of the meeting 
shall be given to the EUI Warrantholders. The quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution is one 
or more persons holding or representing in the aggregate not less than 50 per cent. of the EUI Warrants for the time being 
unexercised or outstanding, as the case may be, or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons being or representing 
EUI Warrantholders w hatever the number of EUI Warrants so held or represented, except that at any meeting the business 
of w hich includes the modification of certain provisions of the EUI Warrants (including but not limited to modifying the

--- Page 204 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
 
204 
 
exercise date or exercise period of the EUI Warrants, reducing or cancelling the Cash Settlement Amount or Physical 
Delivery Amount in respect of the EUI Warrants, or altering the currency of payment of the EUI Warrants, modifying of the 
majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution, sanctioning of any scheme or proposal for the exchange or sale of 
the Warrants for, or the conversion of the Warrants into, or the cancellation of the Warrants in consideration of, shares, 
stock, notes, bonds, debentures, debenture stock and/or other obligations and/or Warrants of the Issuer (as further 
described in the EUI Agency Agreement)), the quorum shall be one or more persons holding or representing in the 
aggregate not less than tw o-thirds of the EUI Warrants for the time being unexercised or outstanding, as the case may be, 
or at any adjourned such meeting one or more persons holding or representing not less than one-third of the EUI Warrants 
for the time being unexercised or outstanding, as the case may be. An Extraordinary Resolution passed at any meeting of 
the EUI Warrantholders shall be binding on all the EUI Warrantholders, w hether or not they are present at the meeting. 
Resolutions can be passed in w riting if passed unanimously. 
The EUI Agent and the Issuer may agree, w ithout the consent of the Warrantholders, to: 
(i) 
any modification (except such modifications in respect of w hich an increased quorum is required as mentioned 
above) of the EUI Warrants or EUI Agency Agreement w hich is not prejudicial to the interests of the EUI 
Warrantholders; or 
(ii) 
any modification of the EUI Warrants or the EUI Agency Agreement w hich is of a formal, minor or technical nature 
or is made to correct a manifest or proven error, to cure any ambiguity or to comply w ith mandatory prov isions of 
law . 
Any such modification shall be binding on the EUI Warrants and any such modification shall be notified to the EUI 
Warrantholders as soon as practicable thereafter, provided that failure to give, or non-receipt of, such notice w ill not affect 
the validity of any such modification. 
In respect of SG Issuer only, the provisions of articles 470-1 to 470-19 of the Luxembourg Act dated 10 August 1915 on 
commercial companies, as amended (the Companies Act 1915), shall not apply to the Warrants. No Warrantholder may 
initiate proceedings against SG Issuer based on article 470-21 of the Companies Act 1915. 
16. 
WAIVER OF SET-OFF 
No holder of any Warrant may at any time exercise or claim any Waived Set-Off Rights against any right, claim, or liability 
w hich the Issuer has or may have or acquire against such holder, directly or indirectly, how soever arising (and, for the 
avoidance of doubt, including all such rights, claims and liabilities arising under or in relation to any and all agreements or 
other instruments of any sort or any non-contractual obligations, in each case w hether or not relating to the Warrants) and 
each such holder shall be deemed to have w aived all Waived Set-Off Rights to the fullest extent permitted by applicable 
law  in relation to all such actual and potential rights, claims and liabilities. 
For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Condition is intended to provide or shall be construed as acknow ledging any 
right of deduction, set-off, netting, compensation, retention or counterclaim or that any such right is or w ould be available 
to any holder of any Warrant but for this Condition. 
For the purposes of this Condition, Waived Set-Off Rights means any and all rights of or claims of any holder of any 
Warrant for deduction, set-off, netting, compensation, retention or counterclaim arising directly or indirectly under or in 
connection w ith any such Warrant. 
17. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
17.1 
Governing Law 
If the applicable Final Terms indicate that the clause "Governing law" is "English law ": 
The Warrants and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection w ith the Warrants w ill be governed by, 
and shall be construed in accordance w ith, English law .

--- Page 205 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
 
205 
 
Uncertificated Warrants and any non-contractual obligations arising out or in connection w ith these Warrants w ill be 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance w ith, English Law , except in respect of their form, title, transfer, exercise 
of options and the provisions relating to payments in the seventh paragraph of Condition 1.1(iii), Condition 5.9 and 
Condition 5.17.2 thereon w hich shall be governed by the law s, rules and regulations applicable to the relevant central 
securities depository and clearing institution, being initially Euroclear Sw eden, Euroclear Finland, VPS, Iberclear or SIS (or 
any other clearing institution in Sw itzerland recognised for such purposes by SIS Sw iss Exchange, respectively), on w hich 
they are respectively admitted or registered. 
The Agency Agreement, the EUI Agency Agreement, the Sw iss Paying Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant and 
any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection w ith the Agency Agreement, the EUI Agency Agreement, 
the Sw iss Paying Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant w ill be governed by, and shall be construed in accordance 
w ith, English law . 
The Guarantee and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection w ith the Guarantee w ill be governed by, 
and shall be construed in accordance w ith, French law . 
17.2 
Submission to jurisdiction 
The Issuer irrevocably agrees that the courts of England are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes w hich may arise out 
of or in connection w ith the Warrants and accordingly submits to the jurisdiction of the courts of England. 
The Issuer w aives any objection to the courts of England on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate 
forum. To the extent allow ed by law , the Warrantholders may take any suit, action or proceedings (together referred to as 
Proceedings) arising out of or in connection w ith the Warrants and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection w ith the Warrants against the Issuer in any other court of competent jurisdiction and concurrent Proceedings 
in any number of jurisdictions. 
The Issuer appoints Societe Generale, London Branch (SGLB), currently of One Bank Street, Canary Wharf, London E14 
4SG, United Kingdom, as its agent for service of process, and undertakes that, in the event of SGLB ceasing so to act or 
ceasing to be registered in England, it w ill appoint another person as its agent for service of process in England in respect 
of any Proceedings. Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve proceedings in any other manner permitted by law . 
The Issuer and, w here applicable, the Guarantor have in the Agency Agreement, the EUI Agency Agreement and the Deed 
of Covenant submitted to the jurisdiction of the English courts and appointed an agent for service of process in terms 
substantially similar to those set out above. 
Any claim against the Guarantor in connection w ith the Guarantee shall be brought before the commercial court of Paris 
(Tribunal de Commerce de Paris). 
18. 
LIMITED RECOURSE AGAINST SG ISSUER AND SG EFFEKTEN 
Each holder of a Warrant or Warrants issued by SG Issuer and SG Effekten is deemed to have acknow ledged and 
undertaken, on its acquisition of such Warrants, that, in the event of a default by SG Issuer or SG Effekten, of payment or 
delivery of any sum due on any such Warrant(s) w henever such payment or delivery falls due (such payment or delivery 
defaults, Defaulted Payments), such holder shall not institute any proceeding, judicial or otherw ise, or otherw ise assert a 
claim against SG Issuer or SG Effekten to enforce such Defaulted Payments and w aives all rights to ins titute such 
proceedings or make such claims in respect of such Defaulted Payments against the relevant Issuer. 
For the avoidance of doubt, such acknow ledgement, undertaking and w aiver are w ithout prejudice to the holder’s rights 
under the Guarantee and do not alter or impair the Guarantor’s obligations under the relevant guarantee and accordingly 
each holder shall continue to have the right to institute any proceeding, judicial or otherw ise, or otherw ise assert a claim 
against the Guarantor to enforce any obligation due under the relevant guarantee, including w ithout limitation in respect of 
any Defaulted Payments, subject in all cases to the terms of the Guarantee.

--- Page 206 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
 
206 
 
Such acknow ledgement, undertaking and w aiver do not alter or impair the rights of the Warrantholders to require the 
enforcement of the relevant Pledge Agreement, pursuant to the provisions of the Additional Terms and Conditions relating 
to Secured Warrants. 
19. 
SUSPENSION OF TRADING AND DELISTING OF WARRANTS 
Warrants that are listed on any regulated market or stock exchange(s) or admitted to trading by a relevant authority may 
be suspended from trading and/or delisted at any time in accordance w ith applicable rules and regulations of the relevant 
regulated market or relevant stock exchange(s). 
In addition, the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer and the Guarantor (if any) may agree at any time and w ithout any further consent 
from the Warrantholders to delist Warrants listed on the SIX Sw iss Exchange by giving notice to the Warrantholders in 
accordance w ith Condition 12 at least three months prior to the last trading day stating that such Warrants w ill be delisted 
from the SIX Sw iss Exchange and no longer traded on the SIX Structured Products Exchange. 
20. 
ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF BAIL-IN AND WRITE-DOWN OR CONVERSION POWERS 
20.1 
Acknowledgement of bail-in and write-down or conversion powers on Societe Generale’s and SG Issuer’s 
Liabilities and of the write-down and conversion of Warrants of SG Issuer or SG Effekten following the 
bail-in and write-down and conversion of some Societe Generale’s Liabilities 
By the acquisition of Warrants, each Warrantholder (w hich, for the purposes of this Condition, includes any current or 
future holder of a beneficial interest in the Warrants) acknow ledges, accepts, consents and agrees: 
(1) 
to be bound by the effect of the exercise of the Bail-in Pow er (as defined below ) by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority (as defined below ) on Societe Generale's and SG Issuer’s liabilities under the Warrants, w hich may 
include and result in any of the follow ing, or some combination thereof: 
(i) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due (as defined below ), on a permanent basis; 
(ii) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due into shares, other Warrants or other obligations 
of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor or another person (and the issue to the Warrantholder of such 
shares, Warrants or obligations), including by means of an amendment, modification or variation of the 
terms of the Warrants, in w hich case the Warrantholder agrees to accept in lieu of its rights under the 
Warrants any such shares, other Warrants or other obligations of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor 
or another person; 
(iii) 
the cancellation of the Warrants; and/or 
(iv) 
the amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Warrants or amendment of the amount of interest 
payable on the Warrants, or the date on w hich the interest becomes payable, including by suspending 
payment for a temporary period; and 
that terms of the Warrants are subject to, and may be varied, if necessary, to give effect to the exercise of the 
Bail-in Pow er by the Relevant Resolution Authority or the regulator. 
(the “Statutory Bail-in”) 
and 
(2) 
in respect of Warrants issued by SG Issuer or SG Effekten, if the Relevant Resolution Authority (as defined below ) 
exercises its Bail-in Pow er (as defined below ) on liabilities of Societe Generale, pursuant to Article L 613-30-3-I-3 
of the French Monetary and Financial Code (the M&F Code):

--- Page 207 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
 
207 
 
(A) 
ranking: 
(i) 
junior to liabilities of Societe Generale benefitting from statutorily preferred exceptions pursuant 
to Article L 613-30-3-I 1°and 2 of the M&F Code; 
(ii) 
pari passu w ith liabilities of Societe Generale as defined in Article L.613-30-3-I-3 of the M&F 
Code; and 
(iii) 
senior to liabilities of Societe Generale as defined in Article L.613-30-3-I-4 of the M&F Code; 
and 
(B) 
w hich are not titres non structurés as defined under Article R.613-28 of the M&F Code, and 
(C) 
w hich are not or are no longer eligible to be taken into account for the purposes of the MREL (as defined 
below ) ratio of Societe Generale 
and such exercise of the Bail-in Pow er results in the w rite-dow n or cancellation of all, or a portion of, the principal 
amount of, or the outstanding amount payable in respect of, and/or interest on, such liabilities, and/or the 
conversion of all, or a portion, of the principal amount of, or the outstanding amount payable in respect of, or 
interest on, such liabilities into shares or other securities or other obligations of Societe Generale or another 
person, including by means of variation to their terms and conditions in order to give effect to such exercise of 
Bail-in Pow er, then SG Issuer’s or SG Effekten’s obligations under the Warrants (other than Secured Warrants) 
w ill be limited to (i) payment of the amounts of principal and/or interest as reduced or cancelled that w ould be 
recoverable by the Warrantholders and/or (ii) the delivery or the payment of value of the shares or other securities 
or other obligations of Societe Generale or another person that w ould be paid or delivered to the Warrantholders 
as if, in either case, the Warrants had been directly issued by Societe Generale itself and any Amount Due under 
the Warrants had accordingly been directly subject to the exercise of the Bail-in Pow er (the “Contractual Bail-in”). 
20.2 
Consequences of the Statutory Bail-in and Contractual Bail-in 
No repayment or payment of the Amounts Due w ill become due and payable or be paid after the exercise of the Statutory 
Bail-in w ith respect to the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor unless, at the time such repayment or payment, respectively, is 
scheduled to become due, such repayment or payment w ould be permitted to be made by the relevant Issuer or the 
Guarantor under the applicable law s and regulations in effect in France ,Germany or Luxembourg and the European Union 
applicable to the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor or other members of its group. 
No repayment or payment of the Amounts Due w ill become due and payable or be paid under the Warrants issued by SG 
Issuer and SG Effekten after implementation of the Contractual Bail-in. 
Upon the exercise of the Statutory Bail-in or upon implementation of the Contractual Bail-in w ith respect to the Warrants, 
the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor w ill provide a w ritten notice to the Warrantholders in accordance w ith Condition 12 as 
soon as practicable regarding such exercise of the Statutory Bail-in or implementation of the Contractual Bail-in. The 
relevant Issuer or the Guarantor w ill also deliver a copy of such notice to the Fiscal Agent for informational purposes, 
although the Fiscal Agent shall not be required to send such notice to Warrantholders. Any delay or failure by the relevant 
Issuer or the Guarantor to give notice shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the Statutory Bail-in or Contractual 
Bail-in nor the effects on the Warrants described above. 
Neither a cancellation of the Warrants, a reduction, in part or in full, of the Amounts Due, the conversion thereof into another 
security or obligation of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor or another person, as a result of the exercise of the Statutory 
Bail-in or the implementation of the Contractual Bail-in w ith respect to Warrants w ill be an event of default or otherw ise 
constitute non-performance of a contractual obligation, or entitle the Warrantholder to any remedies (including equitable 
remedies) w hich are hereby expressly w aived. 
Upon the exercise of any Statutory Bail-in or the implementation of the Contractual Bail-in, the relevant Issuer, the 
Guarantor (if any) and each Warrantholder (including each holder of a beneficial interest in the Warrants) hereby agree 
that (a) the Fiscal Agent shall not be required to take any directions from Warrantholders, and (b) the Agency Agreement

--- Page 208 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
 
208 
 
shall impose no duties upon the Fiscal Agent w hatsoever, in each case w ith respect to the exercise of any Statutory Bail-in 
or implementation of the Contractual Bail-in. 
Notw ithstanding the foregoing, if, follow ing the completion of the exercise of the Statutory Bail-In or the implementation of 
the Contractual Bail-in, any Warrants remain outstanding (for example, if the exercise of the Statutory Bail-In or the 
implementation of the Contractual Bail-in results in only a partial w rite-dow n of the principal of the Warrants), then the 
Fiscal Agent’s duties under the Agency Agreement shall remain applicable w ith respect to the Warrants follow ing such 
completion to the extent that the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if any) and the Fiscal Agent shall agree pursuant to an 
amendment to the Agency Agreement. 
If in a Statutory Bail-In the Relevant Resolution Authority exercises the Bail-in Pow er or if the Contractual Bail-in is 
implemented, w ith respect to less than the total Amounts Due, unless the Fiscal Agent is otherw ise instructed by the 
relevant Issuer or the Guarantor or, as the case may be, the Relevant Resolution Authority, any cancellation, w rite-off or 
conversion made in respect of the Warrants w ill be (in the case of a Contractual Bail-In) or may be (in the case of a 
Statutory Bail-in) made on a pro-rata basis. 
The matters set forth in this Condition shall be exhaustive on the foregoing matters to the exclusion of any other 
agreements, arrangements or understandings betw een the Issuer, the Guarantor (if any) and each Warrantholder. 
No expenses necessary for the procedures under this Condition, including, but not limited to, those incurred by the relevant 
Issuer, the Guarantor (if any) and the Fiscal Agent, shall be borne by any Warrantholder. 
For the purpose of this Condition: 
Amounts Due means the prevailing outstanding amounts of the Warrants issued by the relevant Issuer, and any accrued 
and unpaid interest on such Warrants, that have not been previously cancelled or otherw ise are no longer due. 
Bail-in Power means any statutory cancellation, w rite-dow n and/or conversion pow er existing from time to time under any 
law s, regulations, rules or requirements relating to the resolution of banks, banking group companies, credit institutions 
and/or investment firms, including but not limited to any such law s, regulations, rules or requirements that are implemented, 
adopted or enacted w ithin the context of a European Union directive or regulation of the European Parliament and of the 
Council establishing a framew ork for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms, or any other 
applicable law s or regulations, as amended, or otherw ise, pursuant to w hich obligations of a bank, banking group company, 
credit institution or investment firm or any of its affiliates can be reduced, cancelled and/or converted into shares or other 
securities or obligations of the obligor or any other person. 
MREL means the Minimum Requirement for ow n funds and Eligible Liabilities as defined in Directive 2014/59/EU of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 establishing a framew ork for the recovery and resolution of credit 
institutions and investment firms (as amended from time to time). 
Relevant Resolution Authority means any authority w ith the ability to exercise the Bail-in Pow er on Societe Generale or 
SG Issuer as the case may be. 
21. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
The Warrants shall not confer any rights under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce or enjoy any 
term of the Warrants, but this does not affect any right or remedy of a third party w hich may exist or is available apart from 
that Act.

--- Page 209 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the French Law Warrants 
 
209 
 
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW WARRANTS 
The follow ing general terms and conditions applicable to Warrants to be issued under French law  (French Law Warrants) (the 
General Terms and Conditions), w ith, if applicable, the additional terms and conditions (the Additional Terms and Conditions) 
constitute the Terms and Conditions of the Warrants, as defined below  (the Terms and Conditions), that w ill be endorsed on 
Definitive Materialised Bearer Warrants only and w ill be deemed to apply to Dematerialised Warrants. 
The applicable Final Terms in relation to any Warrants w ill complete the follow ing General Terms and Conditions for the purposes of 
such Warrants including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Warrant. The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) w ill 
be endorsed on, attached to or incorporated by reference into, Materialised Warrants (as defined below ), and shall be deemed to 
apply to Warrants. 
References herein to the applicable Final Terms are to Part A of the final terms (Final Terms) prepared based on the “Form of Final 
Terms” that are endorsed on the Materialised Warrants or prepared in connection w ith the Warrants and w hich complete the General 
Terms and Conditions. 
References herein to the Additional Terms and Conditions are to Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae, Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants, Additional Terms and Conditions for Share Linked Warrants and Depositary Receipts 
Linked Warrants, Additional Terms and Conditions for Index Linked Warrants, Additional Terms and Conditions for SGI Index Linked 
Warrants, Additional Terms and Conditions for Reference Rate Linked Warrants, Additional Terms and Conditions for Foreign 
Exchange Rate Linked Warrants, Additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked Warrants, Additional Terms and Conditions  
for Fund Linked Warrants, Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants, Additional Terms and Conditions for Inflation 
Linked Warrants, Additional Terms and Conditions for Bond Linked Warrants, Additional Terms and Conditions for ETF Linked 
Warrants and ETP Linked Warrants, Additional Terms and Conditions for Non Equity Security Linked Warrants, Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Future Linked Warrants, the Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Warrants, Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants and the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Secured Warrants. 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that one or more of the Additional Terms and Conditions from Additional Terms and Conditions 
for Share Linked Warrants to the Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Warrants apply, then the Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Structured Warrants w ill also apply including the provisions relating to any market disruption ( Market Disruption 
Events) or extraordinary events (Extraordinary Events) and details of the consequences of such events. 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the "Secured Warrants Provisions" are “applicable”, then the provisions of the Additional 
Terms and Conditions relating to Secured Warrants, w hich contain provisions relating to disruption events (including, w ithout limitation 
and w here necessary, appropriate definitions of Collateral Disruption Event and Collateral Settlement Disruption and details of 
the consequences of such events), shall apply. 
Words and expressions defined in the French Law  Agency Agreement (as defined below ) or used in the applicable Final Terms shall 
have the same meanings w here used in these General Terms and Conditions unless the context otherw ise requires or unless 
otherw ise stated and provided that, in the event of any inconsistency betw een the French Law  Agency Agreement and the applicable 
Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms w ill prevail. 
Words and expressions defined in the French Law  Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have the same 
meanings w here used in these General Terms and Conditions unless the context otherw ise requires or unless otherw ise stated and 
provided that, in the event of any inconsistency betw een the French Law  Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms, the 
applicable Final Terms w ill prevail. 
References herein to Tranche means Warrants w hich are identical in all respects and Issue means a Tranche of Warrants, together 
in each case w ith any further Tranche of Warrants w hich are (a) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series or issue and 
(b) identical in all respects except for their respective Issue Dates, and/or Issue Prices. 
References herein to (i) the Issuer shall be references to the issuer specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (as defined above) 
and, in the case of any substitution of the Issuer in accordance w ith Condition 11, the Substituted Obligor as defined in Condition 
11 and (ii) the Guarantor shall mean Societe Generale in its capacity as guarantor pursuant to the Guarantee (as defined in Condition

--- Page 210 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the French Law Warrants 
 
210 
 
2) in respect of any Warrants issued by SG Issuer or Societe Generale Effketen Gmbh (SG Effekten). Accordingly, references herein 
to the Guarantor are applicable only in the context of Warrants issued by SG Issuer or SG Effekten Gmbh. 
All Warrants issued by Societe Generale or SG Effekten w ill be described as "Unsecured" in the Final Terms applicable to such 
Warrants and all Warrants issued by SG Issuer w ill be described as "Unsecured" or "Secured" in the Final Terms applicable to such 
Warrants. 
References herein to “Warrants” are to the Warrants of one Issue only, and not to all Warrants under the Programme and shall mean: 
(a) 
any Warrant in dematerialised form (Dematerialised Warrants) which will be issued, at the option of the Issuer, in either 
bearer form (au porteur) (Bearer Warrants) or in registered form (nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the 
relevant Warrantholder in either administered registered form (nominatif administré) or in fully registered form (nominatif pur) 
(Registered Warrants); in the case of Dematerialised Warrants, neither the text of the General Terms and Conditions, or 
the relevant Additional Terms and Conditions, nor the applicable Final Terms w ill be endorsed on physical documents of 
title, but w ill be constituted by the follow ing text, together w ith the relevant Additional Terms and Conditions (if applicable) 
and the applicable Final Terms; 
(b) 
any temporary global certificate in bearer form (a Temporary Global Certificate) initially issued in connection w ith Materialised 
Bearer Warrants; 
(c) 
any materialised Warrant in definitive materialised bearer form (the Definitive Materialised Bearer Warrants) issued in 
exchange of the Temporary Global Certificate, in w hich case, the full text of the Terms and Conditions, the relevant Addition al 
Terms and Conditions and the applicable Final Terms shall be endorsed on Definitive Materialised Bearer Warrants, 
(the French Law Warrants) 
Warrants may be: 
(i) 
Formula-Linked Warrants, if specified in the applicable Final Terms, and in each such case the Additional Terms and 
Conditions relating to Formulae shall apply; or 
(ii) 
(Fixed Leverage Warrants or Turbo Warrants, if specified in the applicable Final Terms, and in each such case the 
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants shall apply; 
and, w here applicable, Warrants may be Open-ended Warrants (if specified in the applicable Final Terms). 
Warrants w ill, if specified in the applicable Final Terms, have a notional amount w hich w ill be specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(the Notional Amount). 
Subject to the provisions below , any references herein to holder of warrants or Warrantholders shall mean the several persons 
w ho are for the time being the bearers of Bearer Warrants as the case may be, and the registered holders of Registered Warrants as 
the case may be. 
The holder of a Dematerialised Warrant w ill be the person appearing in the account of the relevant Euroclear France Account Holder, 
the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case may be) as being entitled to such Warrants in accordance w ith the legislation rules 
and regulations applicable to Euroclear France and the terms Warrantholders, holders of Warrants shall be construed accordingly. 
Warrants w ill only be transferable in accordance w ith such legislation, rules and regulations. 
References herein to Underlying shall mean, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, a Share and/or a Depositary Receipt and/or 
an Index and/or an SGI Index and/or a Reference Rate and/or a Foreign Exchange Rate and/or a Commodity and/or a Commodity 
Index and/or a Fund and/or a Reference Entity and/or a CDS Spread and/or an Inflation Index and/or a Bond and/or an ETF and/or 
an ETP and/or a Non-Equity Security and/or Future and/or a Portfolio and/or a Dividend or a basket and/or combination thereof (each 
as defined in the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to the relevant Underlying). 
Save as set out below , the Warrants have the benefit of an agency agreement dated 29 July 2016 (the French Law Agency 
Agreement, which expression shall be construed as a reference to any such agreement as the same may be amended, supplemented

--- Page 211 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the French Law Warrants 
 
211 
 
or restated from time to time) and made betw een, amongst others Societe Generale, SG Issuer, SG Effekten and the Guarantor (as 
defined below ), Societe Generale Luxembourg S.A. as fiscal agent (the Fiscal Agent, w hich expression shall include, any additional 
or successor fiscal agent appointed from time to time and specified in the applicable Final Terms) and the other paying agents named 
therein (such paying agents, the Paying Agents, w hich expression shall include any additional or successor paying agents appointed 
from time to time). 
The Calculation Agent w ith respect to a Tranche of Warrants w ill be Societe Generale (or any successor thereto), as designated in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
The Paying Agents, the Registration Agent, the Fiscal Agent and, unless the context otherw ise requires, the Settlement Agent and 
the Calculation Agent (both as defined in Condition 10 ) shall be referred to collectively hereunder as the Agents. 
Any issue of Warrants or Materialised Warrants (each term as defined above) listed on SIX Sw iss Exchange w ill have the benefit of 
a Sw iss paying agency agreement (the Swiss Paying Agency Agreement, w hich expression shall be construed as a reference to 
any such agreement as the same may be amended, supplemented or restated from time to time) betw een, amongst others, the Issuer, 
the Guarantor, the principal Sw iss paying agent and the other Sw iss paying agents (if any) (the Principal Swiss Paying Agent and 
the Swiss Paying Agents, respectively, and the term Paying Agent as defined above shall include such Principal Sw iss Paying Agent 
and Sw iss Paying Agents). The form of the Sw iss Paying Agency Agreement is scheduled to the French Law  Agency Agreement. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear France, Euroclear and/or Clearstream (each as defined below ) shall, w henever the context so 
permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(including, w ithout limitation, the Intermédiaires financiers habilités authorised to maintain accounts in Euroclear France). 
For the purpose of these Conditions, Euroclear France Account Holder means any authorised financial intermediary institution 
entitled to hold accounts, directly or indirectly, on behalf of its customers w ith Euroclear France, and includes Euroclear Bank SA/NV  
(Euroclear), the depositary bank for Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg (Clearstream) or, in case of Warrants listed on SIX 
Sw iss Exchange, the depository bank for SIX SIS Ltd., the Sw iss securities services corporation (SIS). 
 Any reference herein to Physical Delivery Warrants shall mean any Issue of Warrants that are linked to Deliverable Asset(s) (as 
defined in Condition 4.12) specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Copies of the French Law  Agency Agreement, the Sw iss Paying Agency Agreement (w here applicable), and the Guarantee (w here 
applicable) are available for inspection during normal business hours from the head office of each of the relevant Issuer and (if 
applicable) the Guarantor and from the specified office of each of the Paying Agents. Copies of the applicable Final Terms are 
available for view ing at w ww.bourse.lu and copies may be obtained from the head office of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if 
applicable) the Guarantor and the specified office of each of the Paying Agents save that, if this Warrant is (i) an Exempt Offer Warrant 
as defined below ) or (ii) an Exempted Sw iss Public Offer Warrant, the applicable Final Terms w ill only be obtainable by a 
Warrantholder holding one or more such Warrant and such Warrantholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the relevant Issuer, 
and, if applicable, the Guarantor or, as the case may be, the relevant Paying Agent as to its holding of such Warrants and identity 
(unless otherw ise made available publicly by the Issuer). The Warrantholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the 
benefit of, all the provisions of the French Law  Agency Agreement, the Sw iss Paying Agency Agreement (w here applicable) the 
Guarantee (w here applicable) and the applicable Final Terms. The statements in the Conditions include summaries of, and are subject 
to, the detailed provisions of the French Law  Agency Agreement and, the Sw iss Paying Agency Agreement (w here applicable). 
In this paragraph (a) Non-exempt Offer Warrant means any Warrant that is (i) offered to the public in the EEA other than pursuant 
to articles 1(4) or 3(2) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as amended or superseded (the Prospectus Regulation) or (ii) admitted to 
trading on a Regulated Market in the EEA for the purposes of article 3(3) of the Prospectus Regulation, (b) Exempt Offer Warrant 
means any Warrant that is (i) offered to the public in the EEA only pursuant to articles 1(4) or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation or (ii) 
admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in the EEA pursuant to article 1(5) of the Prospectus Regulation and (c) Exempted Swiss 
Public Offer Warrant means any Warrant that is not (i) offered to the public in Sw itzerland for the purposes of article 35 of the Sw iss 
Federal Act on Financial Services (the FinSA) (except as specified under article 36(1) or article 37 of the FinSA) or (ii) admitted to 
trading on a trading venue in accordance w ith article 26(a) of the Sw iss Federal Act on Financial Market Infrastructures and Market 
Conduct in Securities and Derivatives Trading (except as specified under article 38 of the FinSA).

--- Page 212 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the French Law Warrants 
 
212 
 
1. 
FORM, TITLE, TRANSFER, CONVERSION OF CURRENCY 
1.1 
Form and title 
1.1.1 
Dematerialised Warrants 
Form of and title to, Dematerialised Warrants w ill be evidenced in accordance w ith articles L.211-3 et seq. and R.2111of the Code 
monétaire et financier by book entries (inscriptions en compte). No physical document of title (including certificats représentatifs  
pursuant to article R. 211-7 of the Code monétaire et financier) w ill be issued in respect of Warrants. 
Dematerialised Warrants are issued, at the option of the Issuer, in either bearer dematerialised form (au porteur), w hich w ill be 
inscribed in the books of Euroclear France, a subsidiary of Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear France) w hich shall credit the accounts 
of Euroclear France Account Holders, or in registered form (nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the relevant 
Warrantholder in either administered registered form (nominatif administré) inscribed in the books of a Euroclear France Account 
Holder or in fully registered form (nominatif pur) inscribed in an account in the books of Euroclear France maintained by the Issuer or 
by the registration agent (designated in the applicable Final Terms) acting on behalf of the Issuer (the Registration Agent). 
Dematerialised Warrants issued in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) may not be converted into Dematerialised Warrants in 
registered dematerialised form, w hether in fully registered form (nominatif pur) or in administered registered form (nominatif 
administré). 
Dematerialised Warrants issued in registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) may not be converted into Dematerialised Warrants 
in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur). 
Dematerialised Warrants issued in fully registered form (nominatif pur) may, at the option of the Warrantholder be converted into 
Warrants in administered registered form (nominatif administré), and vice versa. The exercise of any option by the Warrantholder 
shall be made in accordance w ith article R. 211-4 of the Code monétaire et financier. Any such conversion shall be effected at the 
cost of the Warrantholder. 
To the extent permitted by applicable law , the Issuer may at any time request from the central depositary identification information of 
the Warrantholder such as the name or the company name, nationality, date of birth or year of incorporation and mail address or, as 
the case may be, e-mail address of holders of Dematerialised Warrants in bearer form (au porteur). 
1.1.2 
Materialised Warrants 
Materialised Warrants are issued in a materialised bearer form (Materialised Bearer Warrants). 
In accordance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. of the French Code monétaire et financier, securities in materialised form and governed 
by French law must be issued outside the French territory. 
A temporary global certificate in bearer form (a Temporary Global Certificate) w ill initially be issued in connection w ith Materialised 
Warrants. Upon the initial deposit of such Temporary Global Certificate w ith a common depositary, Euroclear or Clearstream (or, if a 
subscriber holds an account w ith a clearing system other than Euroclear or Clearstream w hich holds an account directly or indirectly 
in Euroclear or Clearstream, such other clearing system) (the Common Depositary), Euroclear or Clearstream (or such other clearing 
system) w ill credit the account of each subscriber of such Warrants. 
The Temporary Global Certificates are exchanged against Definitive Materialised Bearer Warrants pursuant to Condition 1.3 below . 
Definitive Materialised Bearer Warrants are serially numbered. 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law , the holder of any Warrant shall be deemed to be and 
may be treated as its absolute ow ner for all purposes, w hether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ow nership, or an 
interest in it, any w riting on it or its theft or loss and no person shall be liable for so treating the holder.

--- Page 213 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the French Law Warrants 
 
213 
 
1.1.3 
Left blank intentionally 
1.2 
Transfer of Warrants 
1.2.1 
Title to Warrants in bearer form (au porteur) and in administered registered form (au nominatif administré) shall pass upon, 
and transfer of such Warrants may only be effected through, registration of the transfer in the accounts of Euroclear France 
Account Holders. Title to Warrants in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) shall pass upon, and transfer of such Warrants 
may only be effected through, registration of the transfer in the accounts in the books of Euroclear France maintained by the 
Issuer or by the Registration Agent. 
1.2.2 
Left blank intentionally 
1.2.3 
Left blank intentionally 
1.2.4 
Left blank intentionally 
1.2.5 
Left blank intentionally 
1.2.6 
Cost of registration 
Warrantholders w ill not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any registration of transfer as provided above, except 
for any costs or expenses of delivery other than by regular uninsured mail and except that the Issuer may require the payment of a 
sum sufficient to cover any stamp duty, tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation to the registration. 
1.2.7 
Definitions – Transfer to Permitted Transferees 
In these General Terms and Conditions, the follow ing expressions shall have the follow ing meanings: 
IRS U.S. Person means a U.S. person as defined in paragraph 7701(a)(30) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986; 
Permitted Transferee means any person w ho: 
(i) 
is not a U.S. Person; and 
(ii) 
is not a person w ho comes w ithin any definition of U.S. person for the purposes of the CEA or any CFTC Rule, guidance or 
order proposed or issued under the CEA (for the avoidance of doubt, any person w ho is not a “Non-United States person” 
defined under CFTC Rule 4.7(a)(1)(iv), but excluding, for purposes of subsection (D) thereof, the exception for qualified 
eligible persons w ho are not “Non-United States persons”, shall be considered a U.S. person); and 
(iii) 
is not a Risk Retention U.S. Person. 
Regulation S means Regulation S under the Securities Act; 
Regulation S U.S. Person means a U.S. Person as defined in Regulation S; 
Risk Retention U.S. Person means a "U.S. person" for purposes of the U.S. Risk Retention Rules; 
Securities Act means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended; 
U.S. Person means (i) Regulation S U.S. Person unless the applicable Final Terms specify that IRS U.S. Person is also applicable, 
or (ii) if in case of SGI Index Linked Warrants, Advised SGI Index is applicable or if in case of Portfolio Linked Warrants, Dynamic 
Portfolio is applicable, a person w ho is either a Regulation S U.S. Person or an IRS U.S. Person unless the applicable Final Terms 
specify that only a Regulation S U.S. Person is applicable; 
U.S. Risk Retention Rules means the final rules implementing the credit risk retention requirements of Section 15G of the U.S. 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

--- Page 214 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the French Law Warrants 
 
214 
 
Warrants may not at any time be offered, sold, resold, traded, pledged, exercised, transferred or delivered, directly or 
indirectly, in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a person that is not a Permitted Transferee and any 
offer, sale, resale, pledge, exercise, transfer or delivery made, directly or indirectly, within the United States or to or f or the 
account or benefit of, a person that is not a Permitted Transferee will not be recognised. 
1.3 
Exchanges 
Materialised Warrants represented by a Temporary Global Certificate w ill be exchangeable in w hole, but not in part, free of charge to 
the holder, on or after the Exchange Date (as defined below ) for materialised bearer Warrants in definitive form ( Definitive 
Materialised Bearer Warrants) and (a) if the applicable Final Terms indicates that such Temporary Global Certificate is issued in 
compliance w ith the TEFRA C Rules or in a transaction to w hich TEFRA rules are not applicable; and otherw ise, (b) upon certif ication 
as to non-U.S. beneficial ow nership in the form set out in the French Law  Agency Agreement (as defined above). 
On or after the Exchange Date, the holder of a Temporary Global Certificate may surrender such Temporary Global Certificate to or 
to the order of the Fiscal Agent. In exchange for any Temporary Global Certificate, the Issuer w ill deliver, or procure the delivery of, 
duly executed and authenticated Definitive Materialised Bearer Warrants. Definitive Materialised Bearer Warrants w ill be security 
printed at the expense of the Issuer in accordance w ith any applicable legal and stock exchange requirements in or substantially in 
the form set out in the French Law  Agency Agreement. 
For the purposes of this Condition, the Exchange Date shall be the day immediately follow ing the later of (i) 40 days after the 
Temporary Global Certificate Security is issued and (ii) the end of the 40 days after the completion of the distribution of the relevant 
Tranche, as certified by the relevant Dealer (in the case of a non-syndicated issue) or the relevant lead manager (in the case of a 
syndicated issue). 
1.4 
Left blank intentionally 
1.5 
Conversion of currency 
The Issuer may (if so specified in the applicable Final Terms), w ithout the consent of the Warrantholders by giving at least 30 days' 
notice in accordance w ith Condition 12, and on or after the date on w hich a Member State of the European Union w hose national 
currency is the same as the Settlement Currency, has become a participating Member State in the third stage of the European 
Economic and Monetary Union (as provided in the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union (the EU), as amended from time 
to time (the Treaty)) or events have occurred w hich have substantially the same effects (in either case, EMU), change the currency 
of all, but not some only of the Warrants, into Euro and adjust any term of the Warrants as the Calculation Agent deems appropriate 
to give effect to such change (including, w ithout limitation, the Settlement Amount, Exercise Price, the Parity or the Settlement 
Currency of the Warrants. The date on w hich such change becomes effective shall be referred to in these General Terms and 
Conditions as the Currency Conversion Date. 
The change of currency of the Warrants pursuant to the above paragraph shall be made by converting the relevant amount or price 
applicable to the Warrants from the relevant national currency into Euro using the fixed relevant national currency Euro conv ersion 
rate established by the Council of the European Union pursuant to Article 140 of the Treaty and rounding the resultant figure to the 
nearest 0.01 Euro (w ith 0.005 Euro being rounded upw ards), provided that, if the Issuer determines, w ith the agreement of the Fiscal 
Agent that the then market practice in respect of the conversion in Euro of internationally offered securities is different from the 
provisions specified above, such provisions shall be deemed to be amended so as to comply w ith such market practice and the Issuer 
shall promptly notify the Warrantholders, the stock exchange (if any) on w hich the Warrants may be listed and the Paying Agents of 
such deemed amendments. 
The conversion rate applicable and the amounts in Euro so determined shall be notified to Warrantholders in accordance w ith 
Condition 12. Any balance remaining from the change of currency in an amount higher than 0.01 Euro shall be paid by w ay of cash 
adjustment rounded to the nearest 0.01 Euro (w ith 0.005 Euro being rounded upw ards). Such cash adjustment w ill be payable in 
Euros on the Currency Conversion Date. 
Upon conversion of currency of the Warrants, any reference hereon to the relevant national currency shall be construed as a r eference 
to Euro.

--- Page 215 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the French Law Warrants 
 
215 
 
The Issuer may, w ith prior approval of the Fiscal Agent, w ithout the consent of the Warrantholders in connection w ith any conversion 
of currency or any consolidation pursuant to Condition 13, on giving not less than 30 days' prior notice to the Warrantholders in 
accordance w ith Condition 12, make any changes or additions to these General Terms and Conditions w hich it reasonably believes 
to be necessary or desirable to give effect to the provisions of this Condition or Condition 13 (including, w ithout limitation, any change 
to any applicable business day definition, business day convention, principal financial centre of the country of the Settlement Currency, 
interest accrual basis or benchmark), taking into account market practice in respect of redenominated euromarket debt obligations 
and w hich it believes are not prejudicial to the interests of the Warrantholders. 
Neither the Issuer nor any Paying Agent shall be liable to any Warrantholder or other person for any commissions, cos ts, losses or 
expenses in relation to or resulting from the credit or transfer of Euro or any currency conversion or rounding effected in c onnection 
therew ith. 
Any such changes or additions made pursuant to this Condition w ill, in the absence of manifest or error, be conclusive and binding 
on the Warrantholders and shall be notified to the Warrantholders in accordance w ith Condition 12 as soon as practicable thereafter. 
2. 
STATUS OF THE WARRANTS AND GUARANTEE 
2.1 
Warrants issued by Societe Generale 
Warrants issued by Societe Generale w ill constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Is suer 
ranking as senior preferred obligations, as provided for in Article L. 613-30-3 I 3° of the French Code Monétaire et Financier (the 
Code). 
Such Warrants rank and w ill rank equally and rateably w ithout any preference or priority among themselves and: 
(i) 
pari passu w ith all other direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of Societe Generale outstandi ng 
as of the date of the entry into force of the law  no. 2016-1691 (the Law) on 11 December 2016; 
(ii) 
pari passu w ith all other present or future direct, unconditional, unsecured and senior preferred obligations (as provided for 
in Article L. 613-30-3 I 3° of the Code) of Societe Generale issued after the date of the entry into force of the Law  on 11 
December 2016; 
(iii) 
junior to all present or future claims of Societe Generale benefiting from statutorily preferred exceptions; and 
(iv) 
senior to all present and future senior non-preferred obligations (as provided for in Article L. 613-30-3 I 4° of the Code) of 
Societe Generale. 
2.2 
Warrants issued by SG Issuer or SG Effekten 
2.2.1 
Warrants (other than Secured Warrants issued by SG Issuer) issued by SG Issuer and SG Effekten 
Warrants w ill constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of SG Issuer or SG Effekten and w ill rank 
pari passu w ithout any preference among themselves and (subject to such exceptions as from time to time exist under applicable law) 
at least pari passu w ith all other outstanding direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of SG Issuer or SG 
Effekten, present and future. 
2.2.2 
Secured Warrants issued by SG Issuer only 
Secured Warrants issued by SG Issuer w ill constitute direct, unconditional, secured, limited recourse and unsubordinated obligations 
of SG Issuer and w ill rank pari passu w ithout any preference among themselves and (subject to such exceptions as from time to time 
exist under applicable law ) at least pari passu w ith all other outstanding direct, unconditional, secured, limited recourse and 
unsubordinated obligations of SG Issuer, present and future.

--- Page 216 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the French Law Warrants 
 
216 
 
2.3 
Guarantee in the case of Warrants issued by SG Issuer or SG Effekten 
The due and punctual payment of any amounts due by the Issuer in respect of any Issue of Warrants issued by SG Issuer or SG 
Effekten is unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the Guarantor as provided in a guarantee made as of 28 June 2021 (the 
Guarantee and each such amount payable under the Guarantee, a Guarantee Obligation) the text of w hich is set out in "Guarantee" 
in the Base Prospectus dated 28 June 2021 provided that in the case of any Physical Delivery Warrants in respect of w hich the 
relevant guaranteed obligation of the Issuer is an obligation to transfer the Deliverable Asset(s) in respect of a Physical Delivery 
Amount, the Guarantor shall, in lieu of such transfer, be obliged to pay a cash amount in the relevant Settlement Currency equal to 
the fair market value (as determined by the Calculation Agent on or about the due date for transfer of the relevant Deliverable A sset(s) 
in respect of the Physical Delivery Amount) of the Deliverable Asset(s) in respect of the Physical Delivery Amount. 
The Guarantee Obligations w ill constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantor ranking 
as senior preferred obligations as provided for in Article L. 613-30-3 I 3° of the Code. 
Such Guarantee Obligations rank and w ill rank equally and rateably w ithout any preference or priority among themselves and: 
(i) 
pari passu w ith all other direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantor outstanding as of 
the date of the entry into force of the Law  on 11 December 2016; 
(ii) 
pari passu w ith all other present or future direct, unconditional, unsecured and senior preferred obligations (as provided for 
in Article L. 613-30-3 I 3° of the Code) of the Guarantor issued after the date of the entry into force of the Law  on 11 December 
2016; 
(iii) 
junior to all present or future claims of the Guarantor benefiting from the statutorily preferred exceptions; and 
(iv) 
senior to all present and future senior non-preferred obligations (as provided for in Article L.613-30-3 I 4° of the Code) of the 
Guarantor. 
3. 
TYPE OF WARRANTS AND WARRANT EXERCISE PROCEDURE 
3.1 
Type of Warrants 
The Final Terms w ill specify w hether the Warrants are American Style Warrants or European Style Warrants. European Style 
Warrants are also know n as Fixed Scheduled Exercise Style Warrants. Where the Final Terms specify that the Warrants are Fixed 
Scheduled Exercise Style Warrants, any references in the Base Prospectus and in the applicable Final Terms to "European Style  
Warrants" shall be deemed to be a reference to Fixed Scheduled Exercise Style Warrants. 
The Final Terms w ill specify w hether: 
(i) 
automatic exercise (Automatic Exercise) applies to the Warrants or w hether the Warrants are subject to Manual Exercise 
in accordance w ith Conditions 3.4.1 to 3.4.6 (inclusive) and 3.4.8; 
(ii) 
the Warrants are subject to maximum (in the case of American Style Warrants only) and minimum exercise amounts in 
accordance w ith Condition 3.3 below ; and 
(iii) 
the Warrants may only be exercised in units (Units). 
If Units are specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Warrants must be exercised in Units and any Exercise Notice w hich purports 
to exercise Warrants in breach of this provision shall be null and void. 
The Final Terms w ill specify w hether the Warrants are Cash Settled Warrants or Physical Delivery Warrants, as more fully desc ribed 
below .

--- Page 217 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the French Law Warrants 
 
217 
 
3.2 
Exercise rights 
3.2.1 
American Style Warrants 
Unless previously exercised or cancelled, American Style Warrants are capable of being exercised on any Business Day during the 
Exercise Period or, if applicable or relevant, in accordance w ith the provisions of Conditions 5.4.1.1, 5.4.1.2, 5.4.1.3, and 5.5. 
Where Automatic Exercise does not apply 
If Automatic Exercise is not specified as applying to the Warrants in the Final Terms, any American Style Warrant w ith respec t to 
w hich no Exercise Notice (as defined below ) has been delivered in the manner set out in Condition 3.4 below , at or prior to 10.00 a.m. 
(Local Time) in respect of the relevant Clearing System or the Registration Agent on the Expiration Date, shall become void. 
Where Automatic Exercise does apply 
If Automatic Exercise is specified as applying to the Warrants in the applicable Final Terms, any such American Style Warrant shall, 
unless such Warrant has been exercised previously by the valid delivery of an Exercise Notice in the manner  set out in Condition 3.4 
below , be automatically exercised on behalf of the Warrantholders on the Expiration Date and the provisions of Condition 3.4.7 below  
shall apply. In such cases an Exercise Notice shall be deemed to be served prior to 10.00 a.m. (Local Time) on the Expiration Date 
in accordance w ith the paragraph below . 
Exercise Procedure 
The Business Day during the Exercise Period on w hich an Exercise Notice is delivered or deemed delivered in respect of an American 
Style Warrant in accordance w ith these General Terms and Conditions is referred to herein as the Actual Exercise Date. If any 
Exercise Notice is received or deemed delivered in accordance w ith these General Terms and Conditions after 10.00 a.m. (Local 
Time) on any Business Day during the Exercise Period, such Exercise Notice w ill be deemed to have been delivered on the next 
Business Day, w hich Business Day shall be deemed to be the Actual Exercise Date, provided that any such Warrant in respect of 
w hich no Exercise Notice has been delivered in the manner set out in Condition 3.4 below  at or prior to 10.00 a.m. (Local Time) on 
the Expiration Date shall (A) if Automatic Exercise is not specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, become void or (B) if 
Automatic Exercise is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, be automatically exercised on the Expiration Date as 
provided above. 
3.2.2 
European Style Warrants 
Unless previously exercised or cancelled, European Style Warrants are capable of being exercised on the Expiration Date or, if 
applicable or relevant, in accordance w ith the provisions of Conditions 5.4.1.1, 5.4.1.2, 5.4.1.3, 5.4.1.3 and 5.5. 
Where Automatic Exercise does not apply 
If Automatic Exercise is not specified as applying to the Warrants in the applicable Final Terms, any European Style Warrant w ith 
respect to w hich no Exercise Notice has been delivered in the manner set out in Condition 3.4 below , at or prior to 10.00 a.m. (Local 
Time) on the Expiration Date, shall become void. 
Where Automatic Exercise does apply 
If Automatic Exercise is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms each European Style Warrant shall be automatically 
exercised on behalf of the Warrantholders on the Expiration Date and the provisions of Condition 3.4.7 below  shall apply. 
3.3 
Minimum and Maximum Number of Warrants Exercisable 
The minimum and maximum number of Warrants exercisable by any Warrantholder on any Exercise Date (respectively, the Minimu m 
Exercise Number and Maximum Exercise Number) shall be specified in the applicable Final Terms. The number of Warrants 
exercisable by a Warrantholder on any Exercise Date must be equal to the Minimum Exercise Number or any integral multiple thereof 
and (except on the Expiration Date) may not exceed the Maximum Exercise Number. Any Exercise Notice w hich purports to exercise 
Warrants in an amount less than the Minimum Exercise Number (or in a number w hich is not an integral multiple of the minimu m

--- Page 218 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the French Law Warrants 
 
218 
 
number) shall be void and of no effect. Any Exercise Notice w hich purports to exercise (except on the Expiration Date) Warrants in 
an amount in excess of the Maximum Exercise Number shall be void and of no effect in respect of such excess provided that: 
(1) 
only if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Warrants subject to the Maximum Exercise Number shall be selected 
at the Issuer's discretion (or in any other manner specified in the applicable Final Terms); and 
(2) 
unless otherw ise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Warrants tendered for exercise pursuant to such Exercise 
Notice in excess of such Maximum Exercise Number w ill be automatically exercised on each next date on w hich Warrants 
may be exercised subject alw ays (except on the Expiration Date) to the Maximum Exercise Number. 
The minimum number (or an integral multiple thereof) of Warrants that may be traded by a Warrantholder (the Minimum Trading 
Number) shall be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If the Warrants are American Style Warrants and are listed on the Italian Stock Exchange (Borsa Italiana S.p.A.), the Final Terms w ill 
specify the Maximum Number of Warrants to be exercised on each Business Day. 
3.4 
Exercise Procedure 
3.4.1 
Exercise Notice in respect of Dematerialised Warrants and Temporary Global Warrants  
Subject as provided in Condition 3.4.7, Warrants represented by a Global Warrant may only be exercised by the delivery in w riting of 
a duly completed exercise notice (an Exercise Notice) in the form set out in the French Law  Agency Agreement (copies of w hich 
form may be obtained from the Agent during normal office hours) to the Agent (directly through its Euroclear France Account Holder 
as instructed by the Warrantholder) or to the Registration Agent in accordance w ith the provisions set out in this Condition 3. 
The Exercise Notice shall: 
(i) 
specify the relevant Issue of the Warrants and the number of Warrants being exercised and, if Units are specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the number of Units being exercised; 
(ii) 
specify the number of the Warrantholder's securitiesaccount at the relevant Clearing System to be debited w ith the Warrants;  
(iii) 
irrevocably instruct the relevant Clearing System to debit on or before the Settlement Date the Warrantholder's securities 
account w ith the Warrants being exercised; 
(iv) 
specify, in the case of Cash Settled Warrants, the number of the Warrantholder's account at the relevant Clearing System 
to be credited w ith the Cash Settlement Amount (if any) for each Warrant or Unit, as the case may be, being exercised; 
(v) 
specify, in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants, such details as are required by the applicable Final Terms for delivery of 
the Deliverable Asset(s) relating to such Physical Delivery Amount w hich may include account details and/or the name and 
address of any person(s) into w hose name evidence of such Deliverable Asset(s) is to be registered and/or any bank, broker 
or agent to w hom documents evidencing the Deliverable Asset(s) are to be delivered; 
(vi) 
include an undertaking to pay all expenses and any other amounts due from the Warrantholder to the Issuer under the 
Warrants being exercised (including, in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants, the Exercise Price divided, if applicable, by  
the Parity), and an authority to the relevant Clearing System to deduct an amount in respect thereof from any amount due 
to such Warrantholder (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Cash Settlement Amount) and/or to debit a specified 
account of the Warrantholder at the relevant Clearing System; 
(vii) 
certify that the beneficial ow ner of each Warrant being exercised is not a U.S. Person and is a person w ho is (1) located 
outside the United States, and w ho is (2) not a U.S. person (as defined in Regulation S) or a Non-U.S. Person (as defined 
in Rule 4.7 under the Commodity Exchange Act (as such terms may be amended from time to time)), the Warrant is not 
being exercised w ithin the United States or on behalf of a U.S. Person and no cash, securities ;or other property has been 
or w ill be delivered w ithin the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. Person or any person in the United 
States in connection w ith any exercise thereof; and, w here appropriate, undertake to provide such various forms of

--- Page 219 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the French Law Warrants 
 
219 
 
certification in respect of restrictions under thesecurities, commodities, tax and other law s of the United States of America 
as indicated and set out in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(viii) 
authorise the production of such certification in any applicable administrative or legal proceedings, 
all as provided in the French Law  Agency Agreement. 
3.4.2 
Exercise Notice in respect of Definitive Materialised Bearer Warrants 
Subject as provided in Condition 3.4.7, Definitive Registered Warrants may only be exercised by the delivery in w riting of an Exercise 
Notice in the form set out in the French Law  Agency Agreement (copies of w hich form may be obtained from the Registrar) to the 
Registrar w ith a copy to the Agent in accordance w ith the provisions set out in this Condition 3. 
The Exercise Notice shall: 
(i) 
specify the relevant Issue of the Warrants and the number of Warrants being exercised and, if Units are specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the number of Units being exercised; 
(ii) 
include the relevant Definitive Materialised Bearer Warrants; 
(iii) 
specify to the Agent the details of the securities account to be debited w ith the Warrants to w hich the Exercise Notice relates;  
(iv) 
irrevocably instruct and authorise the Agent to instruct the Euroclear France Account Holder to debit on or prior to the 
Settlement Date the Warrantholder's account w ith the Warrants or Units to w hich the Exercise Notice relates; 
(v) 
specify, in the case of Cash Settled Warrants, the details of theaccount to be credited w ith the Cash Settlement Amount (if 
any) for each Warrant or Unit, as the case may be, being exercised; 
(vi) 
specify, in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants, such details as are required by the applicable Final Terms for delivery of 
the Deliverable Asset(s) w hich may include account details and/or the name and address of any person(s) into w hose name 
evidence of the Deliverable Asset(s) is to be registered and/or any bank, broker or agent to w hom documents evidencing 
the Deliverable Asset(s) are to be delivered; 
(vii) 
include an undertaking to pay all Expenses and any other amounts due from the Warrantholder to the Issuer under the 
Warrants being exercised (including, in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants, the Exercise Price divided, if applicable, by  
Parity) and an authority to the Registration Agent to deduct an amount in respect thereof from any amount due to the relevant 
Warrantholder (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Cash Settlement Amount); 
(viii) 
certify that the beneficial ow ner of each such Warrant being exercised is not a U.S. Person and is a person w ho is (1) locate d 
outside the United States, and w ho is (2) not a U.S. person (as defined in Regulation S) or a Non-U.S. Person (as defined 
in Rule 4.7 under the Commodity Exchange Act (as such terms may be amended from time to time)), the Warrant is not 
being exercised w ithin the United States or on behalf of a U.S. Person and no cash, securities or other property has been or 
w ill be delivered w ithin the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. Person or any person in the United  
States in connection w ith any exercise thereof; and, w here appropriate, 
(ix) 
undertake to provide such various forms of certification in respect of restrictions under the securities, commodities, tax and 
other law s of the United States of America as indicated and set out in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(x) 
authorise the production of such certification in any applicable administrative or legal proceedings, 
all as provided in the French Law  Agency Agreement.

--- Page 220 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the French Law Warrants 
 
220 
 
3.4.3 
Left blank intentionally 
3.4.4 
Verification of the Warrantholder 
Upon receipt of an Exercise Notice, Agent shall verify that the exercised Warrants have been irrevocably credited to its account held 
(on behalf of the Issuer) w ith the relevant Clearing System or the Registration Agent. 
Subject thereto, the Agent shall confirm to the Issuer the relevant Issue and the number of Warrants being exercised and, in the case 
of Cash Settled Warrants, the account details, if applicable, for the payment of the Cash Settlement Amount of each Warrant or Unit, 
as the case may be, being exercised and, in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants, such details as are required by the applicable 
Final Terms for delivery of the Physical Delivery Amount (if any). The Agent w ill on or before the Settlement Date remove from the 
Record the Warrants being exercised. 
3.4.5 
Determinations 
Any determination as to w hether an Exercise Notice is duly completed and in proper form shall be made by the relevant Clearing 
System or the Registration Agent in consultation w ith the Agent and shall be conclusive and binding on the Issuer, the Agents  and 
the relevant Warrantholder. Subject as set out below , any Exercise Notice so determined to be incomplete or not in proper form, or 
w hich is not copied to the Agent or the Issuer, as the case may be, immediately after being delivered or sent to the relevant Clearing 
System or Registration Agent, as applicable, shall be null and void. In the absence of negligence or w ilful misconduct on its  part, the 
Issuer shall not be liable to any person w ith respect to any action taken or omitted to be taken by it in connection w ith such 
determination or the notification of such determination to a Warrantholder. 
If such Exercise Notice is subsequently corrected to the satisfaction of the relevant Clearing System, Agent or Registrar, as  applicable, 
in consultation w ith the Agent, it shall be deemed to be a new  Exercise Notice submitted at the time such correction w as delivered to 
the relevant Clearing System, Agent or Registrar, as the case may be. 
If Automatic Exercise is not specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, any Warrant w ith respect to w hich the Exercise Notice 
has not been duly completed and delivered in the manner set out above before the Expiration Date shall become void. 
The relevant Clearing System, Agent or Registrar, as the case may be, shall use its best efforts promptly to notify the Warrantholder 
submitting an Exercise Notice if, in consultation w ith the Agent, it has determined that such Exercise Notice is incomplete or not in 
proper form. In the absence of negligence or w ilful misconduct on its part, none of the Issuer, the Agents, the Registrar or the relevant 
Clearing System shall be liable to any person w ith respect to any action taken or omitted to be taken by it in connection w ith such 
determination or the notification of such determination to a Warrantholder. 
3.4.6 
Delivery of an Exercise Notice 
Delivery of an Exercise Notice shall constitute an irrevocable election by the relevant Warrantholder to exercise the Warrants specified. 
After the delivery of such Exercise Notice, such exercising Warrantholder may not transfer such Warrants. 
3.4.7 
Automatic Exercise 
This Condition 3.4.7 only applies to Cash Settled Warrants w here Automatic Exercise is specified as applying in the applicable Final 
Terms, in w hich case any Warrants w ill be automatically exercised as provided in Condition 3.2. 
Automatic Exercise is conditional upon the Cash Settlement Amount being greater than zero. 
Where Automatic Exercise applies in respect of Warrants and unless otherw ise provided in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant 
Warrantholders w ill not be required to deliver an Exercise Notice or take any other action in order to receive the Cash Settlement 
Amount (if any) in respect of such Warrants and/or Units held by them and instead the Warrants shall be deemed to have been 
exercised automatically on their behalf in the manner described in Condition 3.2. The Cash Settlement Amount w ill be determined by 
or on behalf of the Issuer in accordance w ith the applicable Terms and Conditions and, further to w hich the Agent shall cause the 
Cash Settlement Amount (if any) to be paid to the relevant Warrantholder in accordance w ith Condition 5 and shall instruct Euroclear 
France or the Registration Agent to debit on or prior to the Settlement Date the relevant accounts of the Euroclear France Account 
Holders or the Registration Agent w ith the Warrants or Units to w hich the Exercise Notice relates.

--- Page 221 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the French Law Warrants 
 
221 
 
In the event that a Warrantholder does not, w here applicable, so deliver an Exercise Notice prior to 10.00 a.m., Local Time, on any 
Business Day until not later than 10.00 a.m., Local time, on the day falling 180 days after (x) the Actual Exercise Date, in the case of 
American Style Warrants or (y) the Expiration Date, in the case of European Style Warrants (the Cut-off Date), the Issuer's and 
Guarantor's obligations in respect of such Warrants shall be discharged and no further liability or obligation in respect thereof shall 
attach to the Issuer. For the avoidance of doubt, a Warrantholder shall not be entitled to any payment in respect of the period from 
the Actual Exercise Date to the Settlement Date. 
3.4.8 
Exercise Risk 
Exercise of the Warrants is subject to all applicable law s, regulations and practices in force on the relevant date on w hich such 
exercise takes place and neither the Issuer nor the Agent shall incur any liability w hatsoever if it is unable to effect the transactions 
contemplated as a result of any such law s, regulations or practices. None of the Issuer or the Agents shall under any circumstances 
be liable for any acts or defaults of the relevant Clearing System in relation to the performance of its duties in relation to the Warrants. 
3.5 
Agent's duties 
Subject to the Warrants validly exercised in the manner set out above, the applicable Agent shall, on or before the Settlement Date, 
comply w ith the instructions given to it in the relevant Exercise Notice. 
3.6 
General 
For the purpose of this Condition 3: 
Business Day means (a) a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on w hich commercial banks are open for general business 
(including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the relevant Financial Centre(s) (if applicable, as  specified 
in the applicable Final Terms) and a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on w hich the Operator is open for business and (b) for 
the purposes of making payments in euro, any day on w hich the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer (TARGET2) System is open. 
Exercise Date means (a) in the case of European Style Warrants, the Expiration Date or (b) in the case of American Style Warrants, 
the Business Day during the Exercise Period on w hich an Exercise Notice is validly delivered in accordance w ith Condition 3 or (only 
w here Automatic Exercise applies and if no Exercise Notice is otherw ise validly delivered in accordance w ith Condition 3.4.7) the 
Expiration Date. 
Exercise Period shall have the meaning given to it in the Final Terms. 
Exercise Price means the price specified in the applicable Final Terms, as may be amended from time to time in accordance w ith 
the Terms and Conditions. 
Expiration Date means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Local Time means the local time in the city of the relevant Clearing System (in the case of a Global Warrant), Registrar (in the case 
of a Definitive Registered Warrant) or the EUI Agent (in the case of an EUI Warrant). 
In relation to any Warrants w here Automatic Exercise is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, the expressions 
"exercise", "due exercise" and related expressions shall be construed to apply to any such Warrants w hich are automatically exercised 
on behalf of the Warrantholders in accordance w ith the above provisions. 
4. 
PAYMENTS AND DELIVERIES 
For the purposes of these General Terms and Conditions: 
References to "payment" or "repayment" (as the case may be) and other similar expressions w ill, w here the context so admits, be 
deemed also to refer to delivery of the Deliverable Asset(s) w ith respect to any Physical Delivery Amount(s). 
For the purposes of this Condition:

--- Page 222 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the French Law Warrants 
 
222 
 
Bank means a bank in the principal financial centre of the relevant currency or, in the case of euro, in a c ity in w hich banks have 
access to the TARGET2 System. 
4.1 
Method of payment 
4.1.1 
Dematerialised Warrants 
Payments in respect of Dematerialised Warrants shall (in the case of Dematerialised Warrants in bearer dematerialised form or  
administered registered form) be made by transfer to the account (denominated in the relevant currency) of the relevant Euroclear 
France Account Holders for the benefit of the Warrantholders and (in the case of Dematerialised Warrant in fully registered f orm) to 
accounts (denominated in the relevant currency) w ith a Bank designated by the Warrantholders. All payments validly made to such 
accounts of such Euroclear France Account Holders or Warrantholders w ill be an effective discharge of the Issuer in respect of such 
payments. 
4.1.2 
Materialised Bearer Warrants 
Subject as provided below  and, in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants, subject also as provided in the applicable Final Terms: 
(1) 
payments in a Settlement Currency (other than euro) w ill be made against presentation and surrender during usual business 
hours of the relevant Materialised Bearer Warrants at the specified of any Paying Agent outside the United States by credit 
or transfer to an account in the Settlement Currency maintained by the payee w ith or, at the option of the payee, a bank in 
the principal financial centre(s) of the country of such Settlement Currency (w hich, if the Settlement Currency is Australian  
Dollar, shall be Sydney and, if the Settlement Currency is Canadian Dollar, shall be Montreal); 
(2) 
payments in euro w ill be made against presentation and surrender during usual business hours of the relevant Materialised 
Bearer Warrants at the specified of any Paying Agent outside the United States by credit or transfer to a euro account (or 
any other account to w hich euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee; 
(3) 
in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants and subject to Condition 4.12.5: 
(i) 
transfer of the Deliverable Asset(s) in respect of any Physical Delivery Amount w ill be effected by the Delivery (a) 
to, or to the order of, the Warrantholder of the relevant Deliverable Asset(s), (b) to, or to the order of, the 
Warrantholder at the risk of the relevant Warrantholder in such manner as may be specified in the transfer notice 
(the Transfer Notice, the form of w hich is annexed to the French Law  Agency Agreement) and subject to 
compliance w ith applicable securities law s; and 
(ii) 
if the applicable Final Terms specify that "Issuer’s option to vary method of settlement" is applicable, payment w ill 
be made pursuant to the provisions of Condition 4.12.2 or w here a Settlement Disruption Event has occurred, 
pursuant to the provisions of Condition 4.12.5. 
For the purposes of these General Terms and Conditions: 
Deliver means, in respect of any underlying asset, to deliver, novate, transfer (including, w here the applicable underlying asset is a 
guarantee, transfer the benefit of the guarantee), assign or sell, as appropriate, in a manner customary for the settlement of the 
applicable underlying asset (w hich shall include executing all necessary documentation and taking any other necessary actions ), in 
order to convey all right, title and interest in the underlying asset free and clear of any and all liens, charges, claims or encumbrances 
(including, w ithout limitation, any counterclaim, defence (other than an Exempt Counterclaim or Defence) or right of set off by or of 
the obligor w ith respect to the underlying asset); provided that w here the underlying asset is a Loan Participation, Deliver means to 
create (or procure the creation of) a participation in favour of the Warrantholder and, w here the underlying asset is a guarantee, 
Deliver means to Deliver both the guarantee and the underlying obligation to w hich such guarantee relates. Delivery and Delivered 
w ill be construed accordingly. In the case of a loan (being any obligation that is documented by a term loan agreement, revolving loan 
agreement or other similar credit agreement), Delivery shall be effected using documentation substantially in the form of the 
documentation customarily used in the relevant market for Delivery of such loan at that time; 
Exempt Counterclaim or Defence means, in respect of any underlying asset, any defence based upon (a) any lack or alleged lack 
of authority or capacity of the relevant obligor w ith respect to the underlying asset to enter into the underlying asset or, w here the

--- Page 223 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the French Law Warrants 
 
223 
 
underlying asset is a guarantee, any lack or alleged lack of authority or capacity of the relevant obligor in respect of the guarantee 
and/or the obligor in respect of the underlying obligation to w hich such guarantee relates, (b) any actual or alleged unenfor ceability, 
illegality, impossibility or invalidity w ith respect to any underlying asset or, w here the underlying asset is a guarantee, the guarantee 
and/or the underlying obligation to w hich such guarantee relates, how ever described, (c) any applicable law , order, regulation, decree 
or notice, how ever described, or the promulgation of, or any change in, the interpretation by any court, tribunal, regulatory authority 
or similar administrative or judicial body w ith competent or apparent jurisdiction of any applicable law , order, regulation, decree or 
notice, how ever described, or (d) the imposition of, or any change in, any exchange controls, capital restrictions or any other similar 
restrictions imposed by any monetary or other authority, how ever described; and 
Loan Participation means a loan in respect of w hich, pursuant to a participation agreement, the relevant Issuer is capable of creating, 
or procuring the creation of, a contractual right in favour of the relevant Warrantholder that provides the Warrantholder w ith recourse 
to the participation seller for a specified share in any payments due under the relevant loan w hich are received by such participation 
seller, any such agreement to be entered into betw een the Warrantholder and the Issuer (to the extent the Issuer is then a lender or 
a member of the relevant lending syndicate). 
4.2 
Left blank intentionally 
4.3 
Left blank intentionally 
4.4 
Left blank intentionally 
4.5 
Left blank intentionally 
4.6 
Payments on Warrants listed on SIX Swiss Exchange 
Notw ithstanding any other provision in this Condition, in the case Warrants listed on SIX Sw iss Exchange, the relevant Sw iss Paying 
Agency Agreement shall supplement and modify the French Law  Agency Agreement for the purposes of the relevant Warrants, 
including providing for the appointment of a Principal Sw iss Paying Agent (w hich, in the case of Warrants listed on SIX Sw iss 
Exchange shall at all times be a bank or Warrants dealer that is subject to supervision by the Sw iss Financial Market Supervisory 
Authority FINMA (FINMA)) that w ill perform certain duties including, inter alia, those w hich relate to Sw iss capital market customs and 
payment instructions. 
The relevant Issuer shall make all payments due under the Warrants listed on SIX Sw iss Exchange to the Principal Sw iss Paying  
Agent in accordance w ith the Sw iss Paying Agency Agreement and the General Terms and Conditions. Payments in respect of any  
Warrants listed on SIX Sw iss Exchange, each denominated in Sw iss Francs shall be made in freely disposable Sw iss Francs, and in 
the case of Warrants listed on SIX Sw iss Exchange denominated in a currency other than Sw iss Francs in such other currency, w hich 
shall also be freely disposable, w ithout collection of costs and w hatever the circumstances may be, irrespective of the nationality, 
domicile or residence of the holder of any Warrants listed on SIX Sw iss Exchange and w ithout requiring any certification, affidavit or 
the fulfilment of any other formality. The receipt by the Principal Sw iss Paying Agent of the due and punctual payment of suc h funds 
in Sw itzerland shall discharge the Issuer's obligations under the Warrants listed on SIX Sw iss Exchange, as the case may be, w ith 
respect to the payment of, as the case may be, any amount, costs and additional amounts on the Warrants and the paying agency  
fees, in each case to the extent of the funds received. 
4.7 
Left blank intentionally 
4.8 
Payments subject to tax and other laws 
All payments are subject in all cases to (i) any applicable tax or other law s, regulations and directives in any jurisdiction (w hether by 
operation of law  or agreement of the Issuer or its Agents) and the Issuer w ill not be liable for any taxes or duties of w hatever nature 
imposed or levied by such law s, regulations, directives or agreements but w ithout prejudice to the provisions of Condition 6, (ii) any 
w ithholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 
(the Code) or otherw ise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, 
any official interpretations thereof, or any law  implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto and (iii) any w ithholding or 
deduction required pursuant to Section 871(m) of the Code.

--- Page 224 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the French Law Warrants 
 
224 
 
No commission or expense shall be charged to the Warrantholders in respect of such payments but, for the avoidance of doubt, 
w ithout prejudice to the option of the Calculation Agent to apply the provisions specific to the occurrence of an Increased Cost of 
Hedging, as provided for in each relevant Additional Terms and Conditions. 
4.9 
Payment Business Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Warrant is not a Payment Business Day, the Warrantholder thereof shal l 
instead be entitled to payment: 
(i) 
if the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Payment Business Day" is " 
Following Payment Business Day": on the next follow ing Payment Business Day in the relevant place; or 
(ii) 
if the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Payment Business Day" is "Modified Following Payment Business 
Day": on the next follow ing Payment Business Day in the relevant place, unless the date for payment w ould thereby fall into 
the next calendar month, in w hich event such date for payment shall be brought f orw ard to the immediately preceding 
Payment Business Day in the relevant place; 
provided that if neither "Follow ing Payment Business Day" nor "Modified Follow ing Payment Business Day" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, "Follow ing Payment Business Day" shall be deemed to apply. In the event that any adjustment is made to the 
date for payment in accordance w ith this Condition, the relevant amount due in respect of any Warrant shall not be affected by any 
such adjustment. 
For the purposes of these General Terms and Conditions, except as specified in Conditions 4.5: 
Payment Business Day means any day w hich is: 
(1) 
in the case of Dematerialised Warrants, a day on w hich Euroclear France is open for business or (ii) in the case of Definitive 
Materialised Bearer Warrants, on w hich banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in the relevant place of 
presentation, 
(2) 
subject to the provisions of the French Law  Agency Agreement, a day on w hich commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in each financial centre(s) (the Financial Centre(s)) specified in the applicable Final Terms, and 
(3) 
either (A) in relation to any sum payable in a SettlementCurrency other than euro, a day on w hich commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the Settlement Currency (w hich if the Settlement 
Currency is Australian Dollar, shall be Sydney and, if the Settlement Currency is Canadian Dollar, shall be Montreal and, if 
the Settlement Currency is Renminbi, shall be Hong Kong) or (B) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on w hich the 
TARGET2 System is open. 
4.10 
Currency Unavailability 
This Condition shall apply w hen payment is due to be made in respect of any Warrant in the Settlement Currency and the Settlement 
Currency is not available to the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor (as applicable) due to the imposition of exchange controls, the 
Settlement Currency’s replacement or disuse or other circumstances beyond the control of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor  
(as applicable) (Currency Unavailability). 
In the event of Currency Unavailability, the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor (as applicable) w ill be entitled to satisfy its  obligations to 
the Warrantholder by making payment in euro or U.S. dollars on the basis of the spot exchange rate at w hich the Settlement Currency 
is offered in exchange for euro or U.S. dollars (as applicable) in an appropriate inter-bank market at noon, Paris time, four Business 
Days prior to the date on w hich payment is due or, if such spot exchange rate is not available on that date, as of the most recent prior 
practicable date. Any payment made in euro or U.S. dollars (as applicable) in accordance w ith this Condition w ill not constitute an 
Event of Default.

--- Page 225 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the French Law Warrants 
 
225 
 
4.11 
Left blank intentionally 
4.12 
Physical Delivery Warrants 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Physical Delivery Provisions" is "Applicable", this Condition applies. 
In particular, the applicable Final Terms w ill specify the Deliverable Asset(s), the Physical Delivery Amount, the provis ions governing 
w hether transfer of Deliverable Asset(s) or payment of a cash sum w ill apply, the Issuer’s option to vary method of settlement and the 
method of transfer of Deliverable Asset(s) in respect of the Physical Delivery Amount. 
For the purposes of this Condition: 
Deliverable Asset(s) means the deliverable asset(s) w hich may be either: 
(i) 
the Underlying(s) of the Warrants specified under the paragraph "Underlying(s)" in the applicable Final Terms, w hich may 
be any Underlying as defined in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants or 
(ii) 
if different from the Underlying(s) of the Warrants, a share, an American or global depositary receipt and/or an exchange 
traded fund and/or a fund and/or an exchange traded product and/or a bond and/or a future, and/or any other assets specified 
under the paragraph "Deliverable Asset(s)" in the applicable Final Terms, in such case the provisions of the Additional Terms 
and Conditions relating to such Underlying shall apply. 
How ever, 
(a) 
no share in Societe Generale or the Group w ill be deliverable. If a Share in Societe Generale or the Group should be 
delivered, such share w ill be replaced by, in due proportion, an equivalent amount in cash; and 
(b) 
no Fund Unit in respect of any underlying fund w hich is a hedge fund w ill be delivered to retail investors. 
The Deliverable Assets to be delivered in respect of Physical Delivery Warrants w ill: 
(1) 
if "Market Value" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable in respect of the Deliverable Assets, have an 
aggregate market value, based on the closing price of the applicable Deliverable Assets on the Expiration Date, Event-linked 
Early Expiration Date, Optional Early Expiration Date or cancellation date, as the case may be and as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, equivalent to the Physical Delivery Amount (as determined for the purposes of Condition 5.2 or follow ing 
any early expiration or cancellation, as the case may be) relating to the Warrants; 
(2) 
if "Nominal Amount" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable in respect of the Deliverable Assets, have 
an aggregate nominal amount equivalent to the Physical Delivery Amount (as determined for the purposes of Condition 5.2 
or follow ing any early expiration or cancellation, as the case may be) relating to the Warrants; and 
(3) 
if "Other" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable in respect of the Deliverable Assets, be an amount 
as determined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Physical Delivery Amount means an amount in the Settlement Currency equal to the Final Settlement Price divided (if applicable) 
by the Parity (as defined in Condition 5.2 below ). 
Any reference in these General Terms and Conditions to "Physical Delivery Amount(s)", shall mean such amount less any expenses, 
fees, stamp duty, levies or other amounts including, but not limited to, any taxes or duties arising from the delivery or transfer of 
Deliverable Asset(s) payable on or in respect of such Physical Delivery Amount(s). 
4.12.1 
Method of transfer of Deliverable Asset(s) in respect of Physical Delivery Amount 
When the settlement of a Physical Delivery Warrant is by w ay of physical delivery, the delivery of any Physical Delivery Amount or 
Early Termination Physical Delivery Amount, as the case may be (including, w ithout limitation, liability for the costs of transfer of 
Deliverable Asset(s)) w ill be made through Clearstream, Euroclear, Iberclear or Monte Titoli or other relevant Clearing System.

--- Page 226 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the French Law Warrants 
 
226 
 
The Deliverable Asset(s) w ill be delivered at the risk of the relevant Warrantholders in such manner as may be specified in the transfer 
notice pursuant to w hich such Deliverable Assets are delivered (the Transfer Notice), the form of w hich is annexed to the French 
Law  Agency Agreement and, notw ithstanding any provision herein to the contrary, no additional payment or delivery w ill be due to a 
Warrantholder w here any Deliverable Asset(s) is/are delivered after their due date in circumstances beyond the control of either the 
Issuer or the Settlement Agent. The Transfer Notice w ill be delivered using the transfer procedures currently utilised by the relevant 
Clearing System. 
A Warrantholder’s entitlement to any Physical Delivery Amount or Early Termination Physical Delivery Amount, as the case may be, 
w ill be evidenced: 
(i) 
by the Warrantholders’ account balance appearing on the records of the relevant Clearing System, 
(ii) 
in the case of Credit Linked Warrants, by the account balances appearing in the records of the relevant Clearing System or, 
if necessary, the number of Warrants held by each Warrantholder as notified to the Fiscal Agent by the relevant Clearing 
System, and 
(iii) 
in the case of Dematerialised Warrants in fully registered form, by the entries maintained at the relevant time on the accounts 
maintained by the Registration Agent. 
When Warrants are held in a Clearing System, to the extent that a beneficial Warrantholder holds such Warrants through a custodian, 
the Issuer may in its discretion (and subject to obtaining such proof, evidence and/or indemnity arrangements as it deems appropriate) 
take account of such custodial arrangements w hen determining w here to deliver Deliverable Asset(s) w hich form the Physical Delivery 
Amount. 
Any delivery of Deliverable Assets w ill only be made in compliance w ith applicable securities law s. 
4.12.2 
Issuer’s option to vary method of settlement 
When the applicable Final Terms specify that “Issuer’s option to vary method of settlement" is applicable, the Issuer may elect to pay 
or cause to be paid to the Warrantholder the Cash Settlement Amount on the Settlement Date, as the case may be, in lieu of its 
obligation to deliver or procure delivery of the Physical Delivery Amount. Notification of any such election w ill be given to the 
Warrantholder in accordance w ith Condition 12. 
In such case no payment in respect of the Exercise Price w ill be due by the Warrantholder. 
4.12.3 
Fractional Entitlement in respect of Physical Delivery Warrants  
If the Physical Delivery Amount or Early Termination Physical Delivery Amount, as the case may be, comprises less than a w hole 
number of securities at the relevant time, then (i) the relevant Issuer shall not deliver and the relevant Warrantholder shall not be 
entitled to receive in respect of its Warrants that fraction of a security (the Fractional Entitlement) and (ii) the Issuer shall pay to the 
relevant Warrantholder a cash amount equal to the value of such Fractional Entitlement (as determined by or on behalf of the relevant 
Issuer). 
4.12.4 
No obligations in relation to underlying asset 
Except as expressly provided, the purchase of Warrants does not confer on any Warrantholder any rights (w hether in respect of 
voting, distributions or otherw ise) attached to any Underlying. 
The Issuer shall be under no obligation to register or procure the registration of any Warrantholder or any other person as the 
registered holder in respect of any relevant asset(s) comprised in any Physical Delivery Amount in any relevant register. 
For such period of time after the Settlement Date as the Issuer or any person on behalf of the Issuer shall continue to be the legal 
ow ner of any asset(s) comprised in any assets comprising the Physical Delivery Amount (or equivalent amounts in circumstances 
w here the Warrants are subject to early expiration, purchase or cancellation) (the Intervening Period), neither the Issuer nor any 
other such person shall (a) be under any obligation to deliver or procure delivery to the relevant Warrantholder or any subsequent 
beneficial ow ner of such asset(s) or any other person any letter, certificate, notice, circular or any other document or payment

--- Page 227 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the French Law Warrants 
 
227 
 
w hatsoever received by that person in its capacity as the holder of such asset(s), (b) be under any obligation to exercise or procure 
exercise of any or all rights (including any voting rights) attaching to such asset(s) during the Intervening Period or (c) be under any 
liability to the relevant Warrantholder or any subsequent beneficial ow ner of such asset(s) or any other person in respect of  any loss 
or damage w hich the relevant Warrantholder or subsequent beneficial ow ner or any other person may sustain or suf fer as a result, 
w hether directly or indirectly, of the Issuer or any other such person being the legal ow ner of such asset(s) during such Intervening 
Period. 
4.12.5 
Settlement Disruption Event 
If a Settlement Disruption Event does prevent delivery of the Physical Delivery Amount on the Settlement Date, then, such delivery 
shall occur on the first succeeding day on w hich delivery of the Physical Delivery Amount can take place through the relevant Clearing 
System (the Actual Settlement Date) unless a Settlement Disruption Event prevents delivery for a period of 20 Clearing System 
Days immediately follow ing the original date that w ould have been the Actual Settlement Date (the Delivery Period). In that latter 
case, the Issuer shall, in lieu of delivering the Physical Delivery Amount, pay, in respect of each Warrant, the fair market value of the 
number of Underlying(s) to be delivered (the Fair Market Value) converted into the Settlement Currency at the current exchange rate, 
if applicable. 
The Fair Market Value w ill be determined by the Calculation Agent on the basis of the market conditions on the first Business Day 
follow ing the Delivery Period: 
(a) 
if a dividend is paid in respect of the Deliverable Asset(s) from and including the Exercise Date to and, as the case may be, 
(a) excluding the Delivery Date or (b) including, in the event of a Settlement Disruption Event, the date on w hich the Fair 
Market Value is calculated, then, the net dividend amount relating to the number of Deliverable Asset(s) to be delivered per 
Warrant (excluding any related tax credit) converted into the Settlement Currency at the current exchange rate, if applicable, 
w ill be paid in cash to the Warrantholders as soon as practicable; 
(b) 
all stamp duties, or other similar taxes and/or duties, in respect of physical delivery of Deliverable Asset(s) shall be borne by 
the Warrantholders. 
Provided that in the case of Credit Linked Warrants, upon the occurrence of a Settlement Disruption Event, the relevant Issuer shall, 
in lieu of delivering the Physical Delivery Amount, pay, in respect of each Warrant, the Credit Event Payment per Undeliverable 
Obligations (as defined in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants) to be delivered converted into the  
Settlement Currency at the current exchange rate, if applicable. 
For the purpose of this Condition: 
Clearing System Day means, in respect of a Clearing System, any day on w hich such Clearing System is open for the acceptance 
and execution of settlement instructions. 
Delivery Date means, as the case may be, (a) the scheduled Settlement Date or (b) in the event of a Settlement Disruption Event, 
the Actual Settlement Date. 
Settlement Disruption Event means any event beyond the control of the Issuer as a result of w hich the relevant Clearing System 
cannot clear the transfer of the Physical Delivery Amount. 
5. 
SETTLEMENT OF THE WARRANTS 
This Condition is subject to the provisions of Condition 5.6 in respect of Open-ended Warrants. 
5.1 
Cash Settled Warrants 
Unless previously exercised or cancelled in accordance w ith the Terms and Conditions, each Cash Settled Warrant entitles the 
Warrantholder (upon delivering a valid Exercise Notice in the proper form w here Automatic Exercise in accordance w ith Conditi on 
3.4.7 does not apply) to receive from the Issuer on the Settlement Date an amount (the Cash Settlement Amount) in the Settlement

--- Page 228 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the French Law Warrants 
 
228 
 
Currency equal to the excess (if any, converted if necessary on the basis of the Conversion Rate or failing w hich the Substitute 
Conversion Rate) of: 
(1) 
in the case Call Warrants is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Final Settlement Price over the Exercise Price; or 
(2) 
in the case Put Warrants is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Exercise Price over the Final Settlement Price, 
then divided (if applicable) by the Parity, 
w here, 
Conversion Rate means the rate of conversion betw een the Settlement Currency and the currency in w hich the Cash Settlement 
Amount is denominated, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Exercise Price shall have the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms, subject to amendment from time to time in accordance 
w ith the Terms and Conditions. 
Final Settlement Price means: 
(1) 
if the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae or the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage 
and Turbo Warrants is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, Final Settlement Price shall have the meaning given to it 
in the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae or the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed 
Leverage and Turbo Warrants corresponding to the Reference of the Product specified in the applicable Final Terms, as the 
case may be; 
(2) 
otherw ise, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Parity shall have the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms. 
Settlement Currency means the currency specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Settlement Date means up to six Business Days follow ing the Exercise Date or such other date as is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Substitute Conversion Rate means the arithmetic mean, rounded if necessary to the nearest 0.0001 (0.00005 and above being 
rounded upw ards), as determined by the Calculation Agent of the relevant currency spot offered exchange rate quotations in respect 
of the underlying exchange rate(s) of the Conversion Rate, about tw o hours after the time at w hich the underlying exchange rate(s) 
of the Conversion Rate w ould ordinarily have been announced, by three first ranking banks of the United Kingdom or the European 
Economic and Monetary Union (except Societe Generale) selected by the Calculation Agent, or any other rate as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
5.2 
Physical Delivery Warrants 
Unless previously exercised or cancelled in accordance w ith the Terms and Conditions, each Physical Delivery Warrant entitles the 
Warrantholder (upon delivering a valid Exercise Notice in the proper form) to receive from the Issuer on the Settlement Date the 
transfer of Deliverable Assets, the amount of w hich w ill be determined by reference to the Physical Delivery Amount (as further set 
out in, and subject to adjustment in accordance w ith, Condition 4.12.5 and any other applicable Terms and Conditions), subject to 
payment of the Exercise Price divided, if applicable, by the Parity, 
w here, 
Delivery Period means 20 Clearing System Days immediately follow ing the Scheduled Settlement Date. 
Exercise Price shall have the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms, subject to amendment f rom time to time in accordance 
w ith the Terms and Conditions.

--- Page 229 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the French Law Warrants 
 
229 
 
Final Settlement Price means: 
(1) 
if the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae or the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage  
and Turbo Warrants is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, Final Settlement Price shall have the meaning given to it 
in the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae or the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed 
Leverage and Turbo Warrants corresponding to the Reference of the Product specified in the applicable Final Terms, as the 
case may be; 
(2) 
otherw ise, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Clearing System Day means, in respect of a Clearing System, any day on w hich such Clearing System is open for the acceptance 
and execution of settlement instructions. 
Parity shall have the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms. 
Scheduled Settlement Date means up to six Business Days follow ing the Exercise Date or such other date as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Settlement Currency means the currency specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Settlement Date means the first day during the Delivery Period w hen the Issuer is able to deliver the Deliverable Assets to the 
Warrantholder or such other date as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
5.3 
Cancellation for Tax Event, Special Tax Event, Regulatory Event, Force Majeure Event or Event of Default  
For the purposes of this Condition: 
Change in Law  means (i) the adoption, enactment, promulgation, execution or ratification of any applicable new  law , regulation or 
rule (including, w ithout limitation, any applicable tax law , regulation or rule) after the Issue Date of the Warrants, (ii) the implementa tio n 
or application of any applicable law , regulation or rule (including, w ithout limitation, any applicable tax law , regulation or rule) already 
in force on the Issue Date of the Warrants but in respect of w hich the manner of its implementation or application w as not know n or 
unclear at the Issue Date, or (iii) the change of any applicable law , regulation or rule existing at the Issue Date of the Warrants, or the 
change in the interpretation or application or practice relating thereto, existing on the Issue Date of the Warrants of any applicable 
law , regulation or rule, by any competent court, tribunal, regulatory authority or any other entity exercising executive, legislative, 
judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative pow ers or functions of or pertaining to government (including any additional or alternative 
court, tribunal, authority or entity, to that existing on the Issue Date). 
Early Termination of the Warrants means the cancellation of the Warrants, in w hole, but not in part, at any time at (i) in the case of 
Cash Settled Warrants, their Early Termination Settlement Amount determined in accordance w ith Condition 5.5 or, (ii) in the case of 
Physical Delivery Warrants and subject to payment of the Exercise Price divided, if applicable, by the Parity, delivery of the Early 
Termination Physical Delivery Amount referred to in Condition 5.5 and Deliverable Asset(s) of a type specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Event of Default has the meaning given to it in Condition 8. 
Force Majeure Event means that, by reason of the occurrence of an event or an act of state, on or after the Issue Date, for w hich 
the Relevant Entity (as defined below ) is not accountable, it becomes impossible and insurmountable for the Relevant Entity to perform 
its obligations under the Warrants, so that the continuance of the Warrants is thereby rendered definitively impossible. 
Monetisation with Early Termination at the option of the Warrantholder  means that the Issuer w ill apply “Monetisation until the 
Expiration Date” in accordance w ith Condition 5.8 but w ill also offer the Warrantholders the choice to cancel their Warrants at their 
option prior to the Expiration Date in w hole. In the case a Warrantholder requires the Issuer to cancel such Warrants, the Is suer shall 
terminate its obligations under such Warrants and shall pay or cause to be paid an Early Termination Settlement Amount as defined 
in Condition 5.5.

--- Page 230 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the French Law Warrants 
 
230 
 
Regulatory Event means, follow ing the occurrence of a Change in Law  w ith respect to the Issuer and/or Societe Generale as 
Guarantor or in any other capacity (including w ithout limitation as market maker of the Warrants or direct or indirect shareholder or 
sponsor of the Issuer) or any of its affiliates involved in the issue of the Warrants (hereafter the Relevant Affiliates and each of the 
Issuer, Societe Generale and the Relevant Affiliates, a Relevant Entity) that, after the Issue Date of the Warrants, (i) any Relevant 
Entity w ould incur a materially increased (as compared w ith circumstances existing prior to such event) amount of tax, duty, liability, 
penalty, expense, fee, cost or regulatory capital charge how ever defined or collateral requirements for performing its obligations under 
the Warrants, including, w ithout limitations, due to clearing requirements of, or the absence of, clearing of the transactions entered 
into in connection w ith the issue of the Warrants, (ii) it w ould be required from the Relevant Entity to obtain any licence, authorization, 
approval, permit, registration from any governmental, inter-governmental, supranational authority, agency, instrumentality, ministry or 
department thereof that it does not hold as of the Issue Date or to modify its by-law s to comply w ith the new  requirements (a) to hold, 
acquire, issue, reissue, substitute, maintain, redeem, settle or as the case may be, guarantee, the Warrants, (b) to acquire, hold, 
sponsor or dispose of any asset(s) (or any interests thereof) of any other transaction(s) such Relevant Entity may use in connection 
w ith the issue of the Warrants, (c) to perform obligations in connection w ith, the Warrants or any contractual arrangement entered 
into betw een the Issuer and Societe Generale or any Relevant Affiliate or (d) to hold, acquire, maintain, increase, substitute or redeem 
all or a substantial part of its direct or indirect shareholding in the Issuer’s capital or the capital of any Relevant Affiliate or to directly 
or indirectly sponsor the Issuer or any Relevant Affiliate, or (iii) there is or may be a material adverse effect on a Relevant Entity in 
connection w ith the issue of the Warrants. 
Relevant Notice means, subject to Condition 8 in respect of Event of Default, a notice given in accordance w ith Condition 12 (i) not 
less than 30 nor more than 45 days, in respect of a Tax Event, a Regulatory Event or a Force Majeure Event, (ii) not less than 7 nor 
more than 45 days in respect of a Special Tax Event, to the Warrantholders (w hich notice shall be irrevocable) and to the Fis cal 
Agent. 
Special Tax Event means that the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor w ould, on the occasion of the next payment (including 
payment of principal or interest, if any) or delivery in respect of the Warrants, be prevented by the law  of a Tax Juris diction (as defined 
in Condition 6) from causing payment or delivery, as the case may be, to be made to the Warrantholders of the full amount then due 
and payable or deliverable, as the case may be, notw ithstanding the undertaking to pay additional amounts contained in Condition 
6.2. 
Tax Event means that (i) the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor, has or w ill become obliged to pay additional amounts as 
provided or referred to in Condition 6 as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the law s or regulations of a Tax Jurisdiction (as 
defined in Condition 6) or any change in the application or official interpretation of such law s or regulations, w hich change or 
amendment becomes effective on or after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Warrants, and (ii) such obligation cannot be 
avoided by the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor taking reasonable measures available to it. 
A Tax Event, Special Tax Event, Regulatory Event or Force Majeure Event are each an Exceptional Event and together the 
Exceptional Events. 
If the applicable Final Terms specify: 
(a) 
“Early Termination” 
then, upon the occurrence of an Exceptional Event, the Calculation Agent may, on giving a Relevant Notice, apply Early Termination 
of the Warrants as defined above, or 
(b) 
“Early Termination or Monetisation until the Expiration Date”, 
then, upon the occurrence of a Tax Event, Special Tax Event or Regulatory Event, the Calculation Agent may, on giving a Relevant 
Notice, decide to apply either: 
(i) 
Early Termination of the Warrants, or 
(ii) 
"Monetisation until the Expiration Date" in accordance w ith Condition 5.8, 
and upon the occurrence of a Force Majeure Event, or Event of Default (unless the applicable Final Terms specify that Event of 
Default is Not Applicable) the Calculation Agent may only apply Early Termination of the Warrants, or

--- Page 231 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the French Law Warrants 
 
231 
 
(c) 
“Monetisation w ith Early Termination at the option of the Warrantholder, except for Force Majeure Event or Event of Default”,  
then, upon the occurrence of a Tax Event, Special Tax Event or Regulatory Event, the Calculation Agent may, on giving a Relev ant 
Notice, apply Monetisation w ith Early Termination at the option of the Warrantholder as defined above, and 
upon the occurrence of a Force Majeure Event or Event of Default (unless the applicable Final Terms specify that Event of Def ault is 
Not Applicable), the Calculation Agent may only apply Early Termination of the Warrants. 
If follow ing the occurrence of Tax Event or Special Tax Event, Early Termination of the Warrants does not apply (in accordanc e w ith 
(b) or (c) above), then Condition 6.2 “Gross Up” w ill not apply. 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that Tax Event or Special Tax Event is Not Applicable, then in case of occurrence of a Tax Event 
or Special Tax Event the Warrants w ill remain unchanged. 
5.4 
Early Expiration prior to the Expiration Date of the Warrants  
5.4.1 
Optional early expiration of the Warrants 
5.4.1.1 Early Expiration at the option of the Issuer 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Optional Early Expiration at the option of the Issuer" is "Applicable", the Warrants are subject 
to: 
(a) 
w ith respect to Cash Settled Warrants, expiration prior to the Expiration Date at the option of the Issuer at the Optional Early 
Settlement Amount (as defined in Condition 5.4.1.4 below ) on the Optional Early Settlement Date(s) as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, or 
(b) 
w ith respect to Physical Delivery Warrants, expiration prior to the Expiration Date at the option of the Iss uer on the Optional 
Early Settlement Date(s), subject to payment of the Exercise Price divided, if applicable, by the Parity and any other sums 
payable as set out in the applicable Final Terms, by delivery of the Physical Delivery Amount, such amount to be determined 
in the same manner as the Physical Delivery Amount is determined in accordance w ith Condition 4.12 save that references 
therein to the Final Settlement Price shall be deemed to be references to the Optional Early Settlement Price (as defined 
below  in Condition 5.4.1.4). 
The applicable Final Terms w ill specify the Notice Period (as defined in Condition 5.4.1.4 below ). 
5.4.1.1.2 Optional Early Expiration in part 
If, w ith respect to Warrants, the applicable Final Terms specify that "Optional Early Expiration in part" is "Applicable", the applicable 
Final Terms w ill specify the Minimum Number of Warrants and the Maximum Number of Warrants. 
Any such partial optional early expiration at the option of the Issuer, must be equal to a number of Warrants not less than a minimu m 
number of Warrants to be subject to optional early expiration at the option of the Issuer (the Minimum Number of Warrants subject 
to Optional Early Expiration at the option of the Issuer) or any integral multiple thereof and not more than a maximum number of 
Warrants subject to optional early expiration at the option of the Issuer (the Maximum Number of Warrants subject to Optional 
Early Expiration at the option of the Issuer), each amount as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Warrants to be exercised (the Early Expired Warrants) w ill be selected by reducing the nominal amount of all such Warrants in 
accordance w ith the rules of the relevant Clearing System and in accordance w ith the applicable law  and regulations not more than 
thirty (30) days prior to the date fixed for early expiration (such date of selection being hereinafter called the Selection Date) and in 
the manner prescribed by the relevant Clearing System, as the case may be. 
5.4.1.2 Trigger early settlement of the Warrants at the option of the Issuer  
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Trigger early settlement at the option of the Issuer" is "Applicable", then in the event that at 
any time during the life of the Warrants and for any reason w hatsoever, the Aggregate Number of Outstanding Warrants equals or

--- Page 232 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the French Law Warrants 
 
232 
 
falls below  the Outstanding Amount Trigger Level, the Issuer shall have the option, subject to any applicable law  and regulation, to 
exercise all (but not some only) of the remaining outstanding Warrants at (i) in the case of Cash Settled Warrants, an amount in the 
Settlement Currency equal to the Early Termination Settlement Amount for such Warrants as determined in accordance w ith Condition 
5.5 or (ii) in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants, the amount of Deliverable Assets equals to the Early Trigger Level Physica l 
Delivery Amount, subject to payment of the Exercise Price divided, if applicable, by the Parity, upon giving not less than fifteen (15) 
Business Days' notice to Warrantholders (in accordance w ith Condition 12), specifying the applicable Trigger Early Settlement Date. 
For the purpose of this Condition: 
Aggregate Number of Outstanding Warrants means, at any time, the number of Warrants outstanding held at such time by 
Warrantholders other than Societe Generale or its affiliates for their ow n account as determined in good faith by the Fiscal Agent in 
consultation w ith the clearing institution(s) in or through w hich the Warrants are held and transactions in such Warrants are cleared. 
Early Trigger Level Physical Delivery Amount means an amount to be determined in the same manner as the Physical Delivery 
Amount is determined in accordance w ith Condition 4.12 save that references therein to the Final Settlement Price shall be deemed 
to be references to the Early Trigger Level Settlement Price. 
Early Trigger Level Settlement Price means: 
(1) 
in the case Call Warrants is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the sum of (i) the Early Trigger Level Settlement Amoun t 
multiplied, if applicable, by the Parity and (ii) the Exercise Price; and 
(2) 
in the case Put Warrants is specified in the applicable Final Terms, (i) the Exercise Price minus (ii) the Early Trigger Level 
Settlement Amount multiplied, if applicable, by the Parity. 
Outstanding Amount Trigger Level means 10% of the Aggregate Number of Outstanding Warrants initially issued or, if different 
from 10%, the level specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Trigger Early Settlement Date means the date specified by the Issuer for settlement of Warrants subject to Trigger early settlement 
at the option of the Issuer. 
5.4.1.3 Early Expiration of the Warrants at the option of the Warrantholders  
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Optional Early Expiration at the option of the Warrantholder" is "Applicable", the Warrants 
are subject to: 
(a) 
w ith respect to Cash Settled Warrants, expiration prior to the Expiration Date at the option of the Warrantholder at the 
Optional Early Settlement Amount (as defined in Condition 5.4.1.4 below ) on the Optional Early Settlement Date(s) as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(b) 
w ith respect to Physical Delivery Warrants, expiration prior to the Expiration Date at the option of the Warrantholder on the  
Optional Early Settlement Date(s), subject to payment of the Exercise Price divided, if applicable, by the Parity and any other 
sums payable as set out in the applicable Final Terms, by delivery of the Physical Delivery Amount, such amount to be 
determined in the same manner as the Physical Delivery Amount is determined in accordance w ith Condition 4.12 save that 
references therein to the Final Settlement Price shall be deemed to be references to the Optional Early Settlement Price (as 
defined below  in Condition 5.4.1.4). 
The applicable Final Terms w ill specify the Notice Period (as defined in Condition 5.4.1.5 below ). 
In addition, if "Optional Early Expiration in part" is “Applicable”, the applicable Final Terms w ill specify the Minimum Number of 
Warrants subject to Optional Early Expiration at the option of the Warrantholder and the Maximum Number of Warrants subject to 
Optional Early Expiration at the option of the Warrantholder. 
Any such partial optional early expiration must be equal to a number of Warrants not less than a minimum number of Warrants to be 
subject to optional early expiration at the option of the Warrantholder (the Minimum Number of Warrants subject to Optional Early 
Expiration at the option of the Warrantholder) or any integral multiple thereof and not more than a maximum number of Warrants

--- Page 233 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the French Law Warrants 
 
233 
 
subject to optional early expiration at the option of the Warrantholder (the Maximum Number of Warrants subject to Optional Early 
Expiration at the option of the Warrantholder), each amount as specified in the applicable Final Terms. Where a Warrantholder 
delivers (i) a Warrantholder Optional Early Exercise Notice w hich specifies a number of Warrants to be subject to optional early 
expiration w hich is less than the Minimum Number of Warrants subject to Optional Early Expiration at the option of the Warrantholder 
(or in a number w hich is not an integral multiple of the minimum number), such notice shall be deemed to be void of no effect and (ii) 
a Warrantholder Optional Early Exercise Notice w hich specifies a number of Warrants to be subject to optional early expiration w hich 
is more than the Maximum Number of Warrants subject to Optional Early Expiration at the option of the Warrantholder, such notice 
shall be deemed to refer only to a number of Warrants equal to the Maximum Number of Warrants subject to Optional Early Expir ation 
at the option of the Warrantholder. 
5.4.1.4 Optional Early Settlement Amount and Optional Early Settlement Price of the Warrants  
The Optional Early Settlement Amount and the Optional Early Settlement Price shall be determined in accordance w ith one of the 
follow ing options, as specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
Option 1: 
The Optional Early Settlement Amount shall be equal to the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Optional Early Settlement Price shall be equal to: 
(1) 
in the case Call Warrants is specified in the applicable Final Terms: the sum of (i) Optional Early Settlement Amount 
multiplied, if applicable, by the Parity and (ii) the Exercise Price. 
(2) 
in the case Put Warrants is specified in the applicable Final Terms: (i) the Exercise Price minus (ii) the Optional Early 
Settlement Amount multiplied, if applicable, by the Parity. 
Option 2: 
For the purposes of Cash Settled Warrants and Physical Delivery Warrants, as applicable, the Optional Early Settlement Price shal 
be equal to the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of Cash Settled Warrants, the Optional Early Settlement Amount shall be equal to: 
(1) 
in the case Call Warrants is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the excess (if any) of the Optional Early Settlement Price 
over the Exercise Price; or 
(2) 
in the case Put Warrants is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the excess (if any) of the Exercise Price over the Optional 
Early Settlement Price, 
divided (if applicable) by the Parity. 
Option 3: 
For the purposes of Cash Settled Warrants, the Optional Early Settlement Amount shall be determined in the same manner as the 
Cash Settlement Amount in accordance w ith Condition 5.1, save that references therein to the Final Settlement Price shall be deemed 
to be references to the Optional Early Settlement Price. 
For the purposes of Cash Settled Warrants and Physical Delivery Warrants, as applicable, the Optional Early Settlement Price 
means: 
(1) 
the Final Settlement Price that w ould have been determined in accordance w ith the applicable Final Terms , save that the 
Final Settlement Price shall be deemed to have been determined as at the Optional Early Settlement Valuation Date as 
opposed to the date on w hich the Final Settlement Price is actually required to be determined in accordance w ith the 
applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 234 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the French Law Warrants 
 
234 
 
(2) 
otherw ise, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Optional Early Settlement Valuation Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Option 4: 
The Optional Early Settlement Amount shall be equal to the Market Value (as defined in Condition 5.5). 
The Optional Early Settlement Price shall be equal to: 
(1) 
in the case Call Warrants is specified in the applicable Final Terms: the sum of (i) Optional Early Settlement Amount 
multiplied, if applicable, by the Parity and (ii) the Exercise Price. 
(2) 
in the case Put Warrants is specified in the applicable Final Terms: (i) the Exercise Price minus (ii) the Optional Early 
Settlement Amount multiplied, if applicable by the Parity. 
5.4.1.5 Notice Period 
5.4.1.5.1 Notice Period in case of optional expiration of the Warrants, at the option of the Issuer 
Upon having given notice to the Warrantholders (in accordance w ith Condition 12) pursuant to a notice period (the Notice Period) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms w hich notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the Optional Early Settlement Date, the 
Issuer shall terminate all (or the relevant part w here Optional Early Expiration in part applies) of the Warrants on the Optional Early 
Expiration Date(s). 
In respect of any Credit Linked Warrants or Bond Linked Warrants, any notice given by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition shall be 
void and of no effect in relation to these Credit Linked Warrants or Bond Linked Warrants in the event that a Credit Event Notice or a 
Bond Event Notice, has been, or is, delivered to the Warrantholders at any time on or prior to 5:00 p.m. (Paris time) on the fourth 
Business Day preceding the date fixed for exercise or cancellation in accordance w ith this Condition 5. 
In respect of any Warrant, any notice given by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition shall be void and of no effect in relation to that 
Warrant in the event that, prior to the giving of such notice by the Issuer, the Warrantholder had already delivered a Warrantholder 
Optional Exercise Notice in relation to that Warrant in accordance w ith Condition 5.4.1.3. 
5.4.1.5.2 Notice Period in case of Early Expiration of the Warrants at the option of the Warrantholder  
Subject to Condition 5.4.1.3, a Warrantholder shall have the option to require that a Warrant be subject to Optional Early Expiration 
at the option of the Warrantholder upon such Warrantholder giving notice to the Issuer, in accordance w ith Condition 12, not less than 
15 or more than 30 days’ notice or any other notice period (the Notice Period) specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
It may be that before an option to require that a Warrant be subject to Optional Early Expiration at the option of the Warrantholder, 
certain conditions and/or circumstances, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, w ill need to be satisfied. 
For the avoidance of doubt, in respect of Warrants w here a Warrantholder is not entitled to deliver a Put Notice or a Warrantholder 
Optional Early Expiration Notice (as defined below ) by virtue of Condition 5.4.1.3 and in circumstances w here no such notice is 
delivered, the relevant Warrants shall be subject to exercise or cancellation in the manner provided in the remaining provisions of this 
Condition 5. 
Any Put Notice or Optional Early Expiration Notice given by a Warrantholder pursuant to this Condition shall be: 
(i) 
irrevocable except w here prior to the due date of the Optional Early Expiration Date(s) if an Event of Default has occurred 
and is continuing in w hich event such Warrantholder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to w ithdraw  the notice 
given pursuant to this Condition and instead to declare such Warrant forthw ith due and payable pursuant to Condition 8 
below ; and

--- Page 235 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the French Law Warrants 
 
235 
 
(ii) 
void and of no effect in relation to such Warrant in the event that, prior to the giving of such Put Notice or Optional Early  
Expiration Notice by the relevant Warrantholder (A) such Warrant constituted an Early Expired Warrant (as defined in 
Condition 5.4.1.1.2), (B) the Issuer had notified the Warrantholders of its intention to cancel all of the Warrants in an Issue 
of Warrants then outstanding, in each case pursuant to Condition 12 or (C) the Warrants w ere otherw ise already subject to 
early expiration or termination in accordance w ith the Terms and Conditions. 
To exercise the right to require that a Warrant is subject to Optional Early Expiration at the option of the Warrantholder, the 
Warrantholder must deliver a duly completed and signed notice in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from any specified 
office of any Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Registration Agent (a Warrantholder Optional Early Expiration Notice). Any 
such Warrantholder Optional Early Expiration Notice must be delivered in same the manner as an Exercise Notice is delivered in 
accordance w ith Condition 3.3, as the case may be, save that (a) references therein to an Exercise Notice shall be deemed to be 
references to the Warrantholder Optional Early Expiration Notice, (b) references to Warrants being exercised shall be deemed to be 
references to Warrants being exercised early in accordance w ith this Condition, (c) references to the Settlement Date shall be deemed 
to be references to the Optional Early Settlement Date and (d) references to the Cash Settlement Amount or shall be deemed to be 
references to the Optional Early Settlement Amount. Conditions 3.4.4. to 3.4.6 shall apply equally to any Warrantholder Optional Early 
Expiration Notice w hich is delivered. 
5.4.2 
Event-linked Early Expiration of the Warrants 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Event-linked Early Expiration" is "Applicable", the Warrants are subject to expiration prior 
to the Expiration Date follow ing an early expiration event (the Early Expiration Event) at the early settlement amount (Event-linked 
Early Settlement Amount) or the early settlement price (the Event-linked Early Settlement Price) as the case may be, on the early 
expiration date(s) (the Event-linked Early Expiration Date(s)) or the early settlement date (the Event-linked Early Settlement 
Date) as the case may be. 
The applicable Final Terms w ill specify the period w ithin w hich event-linked early expiration w ill apply (the Event-linked Early 
Expiration Period) (unless the Warrants are subject to Automatic Exercise). 
Save w here Warrants are subject to Automatic Exercise, upon the occurrence of an Early Expiration Event the Warrants shall be  
capable of being exercised in accordance w ith this Condition and any Warrantholder w ill have the right in the Event-linked Early 
Expiration Period to decide that all the Warrants held by that Warrantholder (an Event-linked Early Expiration Election) w ill expire 
early (Event-linked Early Expiration). 
In circumstances w here no Event-linked Early Expiration Election has been made in respect of a Warrant w ithin the Event-linked Early 
Expiration Period, such Warrant w ill be cancelled immediately on expiry of the Event-linked Early Expiration Period and no amounts 
w ill be payable or deliverable in respect of such Warrant. 
Where required by: 
(1) 
applicable law s or regulations and/or, in the case of listed Warrants, the regulations applicable on any Regulated Market or 
other stock exchange on w hich the Warrants are for the time being listed; or 
(2) 
any relevant authority by w hich the Warrants have been admitted to trading, 
the occurrence of the relevant Early Expiration Event w ill be notified to the Warrantholders by the Issuer in the manner set out in 
Condition 12. 
Event-linked Early Expiration w ill be effected by delivery of a duly completed notice (an Event-linked Early Expiration Notice) in the 
manner set out in Conditions 3.4.1. to 3.4.6 save that: 
(a) 
references therein to an Exercise Notice shall be deemed to be references to the Event-linked Early Expiration Notice; 
(b) 
references to Warrants being exercised shall be deemed to be references to Warrants subject to Event-linked Early 
Expiration; 
(c) 
references to the Settlement Date shall be deemed to be references to the Event-linked Early Settlement Date; and

--- Page 236 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the French Law Warrants 
 
236 
 
(d) 
references to the Cash Settlement Amount shall be deemed to be references to the Event-linked Early Settlement Amount. 
Follow ing the occurrence of an Early Expiration Event, Warrants shall only be capable of being exercised, and an Event-linked Early 
Expiration Notice may only be delivered, during the Event-linked Early Expiration Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Event-linked Early Expiration Period may start and/or end on specific dates or otherw ise be determined by reference to another 
date or period or the occurrence of an event. 
Notw ithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, w here Automatic Exercise is specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Warrants w ill be subject to automatic exercise in accordance w ith Condition 3.4.7 upon the occurrence of an Early 
Expiration Event. In such circumstances, the Event-linked Early Settlement Amount w ill be deliverable to Warrantholders in 
accordance w ith Condition 3.4.7 (w ithout the need for prior delivery of an Event-linked Early Expiration Notice or any other action on 
the part of the Warrantholders, subject to the provisions of Condition 3.4.7), as if references therein to the "Cash Settlement Amount 
" w ere references to the "Event-linked Early Settlement Amount" and references to the "Settlement Date" w ere references to the 
"Event-linked Early Settlement Date". 
Any Warrants w hich are subject to Event-linked Early Expiration w ill be settled on the Event-linked Early Settlement Date: 
(1) 
in the case of the Physical Delivery Warrants, by delivery of Deliverable Asset(s) in an amount equal to the Event-linked 
Early Settlement Price divided, if applicable, by the Parity in the manner contemplated in Condition 5.2, subject to payment 
of the Exercise Price divided, if applicable, by the Parity and any other sums payable as set out in the applicable Final Ter ms; 
and 
(2) 
in the case of Cash Settled Warrants, at the Event-linked Early Settlement Amount, such amount being determined in same 
manner as the Cash Settlement Amount under Condition 5.1 save that references therein to the Final Settlement Price shall 
be deemed to be references to the Event-linked Early Settlement Price. 
The Event-linked Early Settlement Price means: 
(a) 
if the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae or the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage  
and Turbo Warrants is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, the Early Settlement Price, as defined in the 
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae or the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and 
Turbo Warrants corresponding to the Reference of the Product specified in the applicable Final Terms, as the case may be; 
(b) 
otherw ise, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
5.5 
Early Termination of the Warrants 
Where the amount due to be paid to (or delivered to, in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants) a Warrantholder as a r esult of the 
early expiration or cancellation of the Warrants is expressed to be the "Early Termination Settlement Amount" or the "Early Termination 
Physical Delivery Amount", as the case may be, such amount w ill be determined in accordance w ith the applicable provisions of this 
Condition. 
Early Termination Settlement Amount means the Market Value. 
Early Termination Physical Delivery Amount means an amount determined in the same manner as the Physical Delivery Amount 
w ould be determined in respect of the Warrants in accordance w ith Condition 4.12 save that references therein to the Final Settlement 
Price shall be deemed to be references to the Early Termination Settlement Price. 
Early Termination Settlement Price means: 
(1) 
in the case Call Warrants is specified in the applicable Final Terms: the sum of (i) the Early Termination Settlement Amount 
multiplied, if applicable, by the Parity and (ii) the Exercise Price. 
(2) 
in the case Put Warrants is specified in the applicable Final Terms: (i) the Exercise Price minus (ii) the Early Termination 
Settlement Amount multiplied, if applicable by the Parity.

--- Page 237 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the French Law Warrants 
 
237 
 
Market Value means (i) an amount equal to an amount determined by the Calculation Agent, w hich, on the due date for the early 
expiration or cancellation of the Warrant, shall represent the fair market value of the Warrant and shall have the effect (after taking 
into account the costs that cannot be avoided to settle the Warrants at the fair market value to the Warrantholders) of preserving for 
the Warrantholder the economic equivalent of the obligations of the Issuer to make the payments in respect of the Warrant w hich 
w ould, but for such early expiration or cancellation, have fallen due after the relevant early expiration or cancellation date, or (ii) in the 
event of Warrants listed on the Italian Stock Exchange (Borsa Italiana S.p.A.), an amount determined by the Calculation Agent acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner to be the fair market value of the Warrants immediately prior, and ignoring the 
circumstances leading, to such termination. 
For the avoidance of doubt, for the purpose of calculating the Market Value follow ing an Event of Default pursuant to Condition 8 only, 
no account shall be taken of the creditw orthiness of: 
(A) 
the Issuer, w ho shall be deemed to be able to perform fully its obligations in respect of the Warrants; or 
(B) 
the Guarantor, w hich shall be deemed to be able to perform fully its obligations in respect of the Guarantee. 
5.6 
Open-ended Warrants 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the Warrants are “Open-ended Warrants”, the Warrants w ill be exercisable in accordance 
w ith this Condition but w ill not have a fixed expiry date. As such, the Issuer w ill not be liable for the payment or delivery, as the case 
may be, of the Settlement Amount on the Settlement Date pursuant to Conditions 5.1 or 5.2. The Issuer w ill, in full and final satisfaction 
of its obligations in respect of each Warrant, pay or deliver or procure payment or delivery of the Early Termination Settlement Amount 
or Early Termination Physical Delivery Amount, Optional Early Settlement Amount, Early Trigger Level Settlement Amount or Ear ly 
Trigger Level Physical Delivery Amount or Event-linked Early Settlement Amount in accordance w ith this Condition 5. 
The Issuer w ill have the right to settle the Warrants, at their Optional Early Settlement Amount as per Condition 5.4.1.2 and the 
Warrantholder w ill have the right to request the Issuer to settle any Warrant at their Optional Early Settlement Amount as per Condition 
5.4.1.3. 
In relation to Credit Linked Warrants, the obligation to pay the Event-linked Early Settlement Amount w ill be subject to the Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants. 
5.7 
Forced transfer of Registered Warrants 
Any transfer or other disposition of any legal or beneficial ow nership interest in a Warrant to a person that is not a Permitted Transferee 
w ill be void ab initio and of no legal effect w hatsoever. Any purported transferee of any legal or beneficial ow nership interest in a 
Warrant in such a transaction w ill not be entitled to any rights as a legal or beneficial ow ner of such interest in such a Warrant. If the 
Issuer determines at any time that a holder of a Warrant (i) is a person that is not a Permitted Transferee, or (ii) purchased such 
Warrant in breach of the deemed or actual representations given by such Warrantholder upon the purchase of such Warrant, the 
Issuer may (a) redeem such Warrant, or (b) direct such Warrantholder to sell or transfer its Warrant to a Permitted Transferee in an 
offshore transaction meeting the requirements of Regulation S w ithin 30 days follow ing receipt of such notice, and if such 
Warrantholder fails to sell or transfer its Warrant w ithin such 30 day period, the Issuer may transfer or sell such Warrant on behalf of 
such Warrantholder. 
No payments w ill be made on the affected Warrants from the date notice of the sale requirement is sent to the date on w hich the 
affected Warrants are sold. 
There can be no assurance that a Warrantholder, or an interest therein, w ho is required to sell Warrants, or w hose Warrants are sold 
on his behalf (pursuant to this Condition) w ill not incur a significant loss as a result of the need for the relevant Issuer, or f or the 
transferor, to find a qualifying transferee w illing to purchase the Warrants. Neither the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if  applicable) 
nor any other party shall be liable to a Warrantholder for any such loss 
5.8 
Monetisation until the Expiration Date 
If (i) for the purpose of Condition 5.3, the Issuer elects to apply Monetisation until the Expiration Date or if the applicable Final Terms 
specify that Early Termination Settlement Amount, w ill not apply or (ii) if pursuant to the applicable Additional Terms and Conditions

--- Page 238 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the French Law Warrants 
 
238 
 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent elects to apply Monetisation as per this Condition, then the Issuer shall 
no longer be liable for the payment of the Optional Early Settlement Amount on the Optional Early Settlement Date or the Cash  
Settlement Amount as defined in the applicable Final Terms on the Settlement Date, but instead w ill, in full and final satisfaction of its 
obligations, pay an amount described in Conditions 5.8.1 and/or 5.8.2. 
In addition, in respect of Physical Delivery Warrants, follow ing the occurrence of an event giving rise to the Monetisation until the 
Expiration Date, the Issuer shall no longer be liable for delivery of the Optional Early Settlement Amount on the Optional Early 
Settlement Date, and/or the Physical Delivery Amount as defined in the applicable Final Terms on the Settlement Date, as the case 
may be, but instead w ill, in full and final satisfaction of its obligations and, subject to payment of the Exercise Price div ided, if 
applicable, by the Parity, deliver Deliverable Asset(s) in an amount equal to the sum of (i) the amount described in Conditions 5.8.1 
or 5.8.2 and (ii) the Exercise Price divided, if applicable, by the Parity. 
This Condition and the Monetisation w ith Early Termination at the option of the Warrantholder w ill apply, if paragraph “Cancellation 
for Tax Event, Special Tax Event, Regulatory Event, Force Majeure Event or Event of Default” of the applicable Final Terms specifies 
that “Monetisation w ith Early Termination at the option of the Warrantholder, except for Force Majeure Event or Event of Default” 
applies. 
All references to the w ord "fourth" in the paragraphs below  may be deemed to be a reference to another time limit as determined by 
the Calculation Agent pursuant to rules applicable to the relevant Clearing System. 
5.8.1 
Monetisation of any Optional Early Settlement Amount 
5.8.1.1 In respect of the termination of the Warrants w hose Optional Early Settlement Amount as defined in the applicable Final 
Terms, could be as low  as zero 
Pursuant to the provisions of this Condition, the Issuer shall pay on the Settlement Date, an amount per Warrant, determined by the 
Calculation Agent, based on (a) the net positive cash amount that Societe Generale or any of its affiliates or a Hypothetical Investor 
as the case may be w ould be left w ith on the Optional Full Liquidation Date, as a result of liquidating the Optional Hedge Positions 
(inter alia by satisfying any obligations or liabilities in place w ith respect to all or part of such Optional Hedge Positions, if any, w ith 
the liquidation proceeds of the assets of the Optional Hedge Positions) (the result of w hich, converted if necessary into the Settlement 
Currency using the Relevant Spot Exchange Rate on the Optional Full Liquidation Date, is a Calculation Amount for the purposes 
of this provision and of the Compounding Method) together w ith (b) interest that w ould have accrued on such Calculation Amoun t 
pursuant to the Compounding Method, during the period (w hich for the purposes of this provision and of the Compounding Method 
shall be a Calculation Period) betw een (x) the Optional Full Liquidation Date (included) and the earlier of (i) the Expiration Date and 
(ii) the fourth Business Day preceding the Settlement Date (excluded). 
For the avoidance of doubt, the liquidation proceeds of any assets held by Societe Generale or any of its affiliates or by a Hypothetical 
Investor as Optional Hedge Positions shall be deemed to be used in priority to extinguish any liability, if any, incurred by Societe 
Generale or any of its affiliates or by a Hypothetical Investor under its Optional Hedge Positions and the Calculation Amount mentioned 
above can be as low  as zero. 
5.8.1.2 In respect of the termination of the Warrants whose Optional Early Settlement Amount as defined in the applicable 
Final Terms, cannot be in any case lower than an amount strictly positive (the Optional Minimum Settlement 
Amount) 
Pursuant to the provisions of this Condition, the Issuer shall pay (1) on the Optional Early Settlement Date an amount per Warrant 
equal to the Optional Minimum Settlement Amount, and (2) on the Settlement Date, an amount per Warrant, determined by the 
Calculation Agent, equal to the positive difference, if any, betw een: 
(a) 
the net positive cash amount that Societe Generale or any of its affiliates or a Hypothetical Investor as the case may be 
w ould be left w ith on the Optional Full Liquidation Date, as a result of liquidating, the Optional Hedge Positions (inter alia by 
satisfying any obligations or liabilities in place w ith respect to all or part of such Optional Hedge Positions, if any, w ith the 
liquidation proceeds of the assets of the Optional Hedge Positions) (the result of w hich, converted if nec essary into the 
Settlement Currency using the Relevant Spot Exchange Rate on the Optional Full Liquidation Date is a Calculation Amount 
for the purposes of this provision and of the Compounding Method) together w ith (b) interest that w ould have accrued on 
such Calculation Amount pursuant to the Compounding Method, during the period (w hich for the purposes of this provision

--- Page 239 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the French Law Warrants 
 
239 
 
and of the Compounding Method shall be a Calculation Period) betw een (x) the Optional Full Liquidation Date (included) 
and the earlier of (i) the Expiration Date and (ii) the fourth Business Day preceding the Settlement Date (excluded), and 
(b) 
an amount equal to the Optional Minimum Settlement Amount. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the liquidation proceeds of any assets held by Societe Generale or any of its affiliates or by a Hypothetical 
Investor as Optional Hedge Positions shall be deemed to be used in priority to extinguish any liability, if any, incurred by Societe 
Generale or any of its affiliates or by a Hypothetical Investor under its Optional Hedge Positions and the Calculation Amount mentioned 
above can be as low  as zero. 
5.8.2 
Monetisation of the Settlement Amount 
5.8.2.1 In respect of the termination of the Warrants whose Settlement Amount as defined in the applicable Final Terms, 
could be as low as zero 
Pursuant to the provisions of this Condition, the Issuer shall pay on the Settlement Date, as the case may be, an amount per Warrant, 
determined by the Calculation Agent, based on (a) the net positive cash amount that Societe Generale or any of its affiliates or a 
Hypothetical Investor as the case may be w ould be left w ith on the Full Liquidation Date, as a result of liquidating the Hedge Positions 
(inter alia by satisfying any obligations or liabilities in place w ith respect to all or part of such Hedge Positions, if any, w ith the liquidation 
proceeds of the assets of the Hedge Positions) (the result of w hich, converted if necessary into the Settlement Currency using the 
Relevant Spot Exchange Rate on the Full Liquidation Date, is a Calculation Amount for the purposes of this provision and of the 
Compounding Method) together w ith (b) interest that w ould have accrued on such Calculation Amount pursuant to the Compounding  
Method, during the period (w hich for the purposes of this provision and of the Compounding Method shall be a Calculation Period) 
betw een (x) the Full Liquidation Date (included) and the earlier of (i) the Expiration Date and (ii) the fourth Business Day preceding 
the Settlement Date (excluded). 
For the avoidance of doubt, the liquidation proceeds of any assets held by Societe Generale or any of its affiliates or by a Hypothetical 
Investor as Hedge Positions shall be deemed to be used in priority to extinguish any liability, if any, incurred by Societe Generale or 
any of its affiliates or by a Hypothetical Investor under its Hedge Positions and the Calculation Amount mentioned above can be as 
low  as zero 
5.8.2.2 In respect of the termination of the Warrants whose Settlement Amount as defined in the applicable Final Terms, 
cannot be in any case lower than an amount strictly positive (the Minimum Settlement Amount) 
Pursuant to the provisions of this Condition, the Issuer shall pay on the Settlement Date, an amount per Warrant, determined by the 
Calculation Agent, equal to the sum of (1) the Minimum Settlement Amount and (2) an amount, equal to the positive difference, if any, 
betw een: 
(a) 
the net positive cash amount that Societe Generale or any of its affiliates or a Hypothetical Investor, as the case may be, 
w ould be left w ith on the Full Liquidation Date, as a result of liquidating, the Hedge Positions (inter alia by satisfying any 
obligations or liabilities in place w ith respect to all or part of such Hedge Positions, if any, w ith the liquidation proceeds of the 
assets of the Hedge Positions) (the result of w hich, converted if necessary into the Settlement Currency using the Relevant 
Spot Exchange Rate on the Full Liquidation Date, is a Calculation Amount for the purposes of this provision and of the 
Compounding Method) together w ith (b) interest that w ould have accrued on such Calculation Amount pursuant to the 
Compounding Method, during the period (w hich for the purposes of this provision and of the Compounding Method shall be 
a Calculation Period) betw een (x) the Full Liquidation Date (included) and the earlier of (i) the Expiration Date and (ii) the 
fourth Business Day preceding the Settlement Date (excluded), and 
(b) 
an amount equal to the Minimum Settlement Amount. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the liquidation proceeds of any assets held by Societe Generale or any of its affiliates or by a Hypothetical 
Investor as Hedge Positions shall be deemed to be used in priority to extinguish any liability, if any, incurred by Societe Generale or 
any of its affiliates or by a Hypothetical Investor under its Hedge Positions and the Calculation Amount mentioned above can be as 
low  as zero.

--- Page 240 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the French Law Warrants 
 
240 
 
5.8.3 
Definitions specific to the Monetisation until the Expiration Date  
Adjusted Calculation Amount means (a) in respect of the first Compounding Period of a Calculation Period, the Calculation Amount 
for that Calculation Period and (b) in respect of any succeeding Compounding Period in that Calculation Period, an amount equal to 
the sum of the Calculation Amount for that Calculation Period and the Compounding Period Amounts for each of the previous 
Compounding Periods in that Calculation Period. 
Clearing System means the clearing system through w hich the Warrants are cleared and settled, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Compounding Date means, in respect of a Calculation Period, each Business Day (as defined in Condition 3.6) of such Calculation 
Period. 
Compounding Method means that the amount of interest shall be equal to the sum of the Compounding Period Amounts for each 
Compounding Period in the related Calculation Period. 
Compounding Period means, in respect of a Calculation Period, each period from and including a Compounding Date to but 
excluding the immediately follow ing Compounding Date during that Calculation Period. 
Compounding Period Amount means, in respect of a Compounding Period, the product of (a) the Adjusted Calculation Amount, (b) 
the Compounding Rate and (c) the Day Count Fraction. 
Compounding Rate means, in respect of a Compounding Period Amount, the annualised interest rate that the Issuer offers in the 
Settlement Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent on the first day of the relevant Compounding Period; the specific 
Compounding Rate used in respect of a Settlement Currency shall be available at the office of the Calculation Agent from the first 
day of a Calculation Period. 
Day Count Fraction means, for the purposes of Compounding Method, the exact number of days in a Compounding Period (the first 
included and the last excluded), divided by 360. 
Expiration Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms of the relevant Warrants. 
Full Liquidation Date means, in respect of the Settlement Date, the date on w hich the liquidation proceeds of the Hedge Positions 
(including inter alia by satisfying any obligations or liabilities in place w ith respect to all or part of such Hedge Positions, if any, w ith 
the liquidation proceeds of the assets of such Hedge Positions) are deemed, as determined by the Calculation Agent, to be fully 
received by Societe Generale or any of its affiliates or by a Hypothetical Investor, as the case may be. 
Hedge Positions means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance, by Societe Generale or any of its affiliates or by a Hypothetical 
Investor, as the case may be, of one or more (a) positions or contracts insecurities, options, futures, derivatives, interest rate 
transactions or foreign exchange transactions, (b) securities lending/borrow ing transactions, (c) cash deposits or cash borrow ings 
and/or (d) other instruments, arrangements, assets or liabilities how soever described, in order to hedge individually or on a portfolio 
basis, part or all of Societe Generale or any of its affiliates’ or a Hypothetical Investor, as the case may be, obligations under the 
Warrants due on the Settlement Date, apportioned pro rata to each outstanding Warrant provided that, if the Optional Full Liquidation 
Date has not occurred on or before the earlier of (x) the Expiration Date and (y) the fourth Business Day preceding the Settlement 
Date, then Hedge Positions w ill include the Optional Hedge Positions. 
Hypothetical Investor means a hypothetical institutional investor not resident in (a) the applicable Relevant Jurisdiction, Local 
Jurisdiction and/or the Tax Residence Jurisdiction for the purposes of the tax law s and regulations of the Relevant Jurisdiction, Local 
Jurisdiction and/or the Tax Residence Jurisdiction, as applicable; or (b) a jurisdiction w here any refund, credit or any other benefit, 
exemption or reduction in relation to any Local Taxes may arise under an applicable tax treaty or any relevant law s or arrangements.  
Optional Early Settlement Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms of the relevant Warrants. 
Optional Settlement Amount means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms of the relevant Warrants.

--- Page 241 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the French Law Warrants 
 
241 
 
Optional Full Liquidation Date means, in respect of an Optional Early Settlement Date, the date on w hich the liquidation proceeds 
of the Optional Hedge Positions (including inter alia by satisfying any obligations or liabilities in place w ith respect to all or part of such 
Optional Hedge Positions, if any, w ith the liquidation proceeds of the assets of such Optional Hedge Positions) are deemed, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, to be fully received by Societe Generale or any of its affiliates or by a Hypothetical Investor, as 
the case may be. 
Optional Hedge Positions means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance, by Societe Generale or any of its affiliates or by a 
Hypothetical Investor, as the case may be, of one or more (a) positions or contracts in securities, options, futures, derivatives, interest 
rate transactions or foreign exchange transactions, (b) securities lending/borrow ing transactions, (c) cash deposits or cash borrow ings 
and/or (d) other instruments, arrangements, assets or liabilities how soever described, in order to hedge individually or on a portfolio 
basis, a part or all of Societe Generale or any of its affiliates’ obligations under the Warrants due on an Optional Early Settlement 
Date, apportioned pro rata to each outstanding Warrant. 
Relevant Spot Exchange Rate means in respect of a date and an amount to be converted into the Settlement Currency, the rate of 
exchange of the currency in w hich such amount is denominated into the Settlement Currency used to convert such amount on such 
date into the Settlement Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Settlement Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms of the relevant Warrants. 
6. 
TAXATION 
6.1 
Unless specified otherw ise in the Terms and Conditions, all payments and deliveries in respect of Warrants and, if applicable, 
under the Guarantee, shall be made free and clear of, and w ithout w ithholding or deduction for or on account of, any present 
or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of w hatever nature imposed, levied, collected, w ithheld or 
assessed by or on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction unless such w ithholding or deduction is required by law . 
6.2 
Gross-up 
Unless the applicable Final Terms specify that (i) Gross-up provision is not applicable or (ii) Early Termination for the purpose of 
Condition 6.1 is not applicable, this Condition w ill apply. 
If payments in respect of Warrants or (if applicable) under the Guarantee, are subject under the legislation of any Tax Jurisdiction, to 
a w ithholding or a deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of 
w hatever nature, the relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law , pay such 
additional amount as may be necessary, in order that each Warrantholder after such w ithholding or deduction, w ill receive the full 
amount then due and payable provided that no such additional amount shall be payable w ith respect to any Warrant: 
(i) 
the holder of w hich is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Warrant by 
reason of their being connected w ith Luxembourg (in the case of payments by SG Issuer) or France (in the case of payments 
by Societe Generale) or Germany (in the case of payments by SG Effekten) other than by the mere holding of such Warrant; 
or 
(ii) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below ), except to the extent that the holder 
thereof w ould have been entitled to an additional amount on presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming 
that day to have been a Payment Business Day (as defined in Condition 4.9); or 
(iii) 
in respect of Exempt Offers, if the applicable Final Terms indicate that no such additional amounts shall be payable. 
Notw ithstanding any other provision of these General Terms and Conditions, in no event w ill the Issuer or Guarantor be requir ed to 
pay any additional amounts in respect of the Warrants for, or on account of, any w ithholding or deduction (i) required pursuant to an 
agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Code or otherw ise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any 
regulations or agreements thereunder, or any official interpretations thereof, or any law  implementing an intergovernmental approach 
thereto, (ii) imposed pursuant to the Section 871(m) Regulations or (iii) imposed by any other law  of the United States. In addition, in 
determining the amount of Section 871(m) w ithholding imposed, the Issuer shall be entitled to w ithhold on any "dividend equiv alent" 
(as defined for purposes of Section 871(m) of the Code) at the highest rate applicable to such payments regardless of any exemption 
from, or reduction in, such w ithholding otherw ise available under applicable law .

--- Page 242 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the French Law Warrants 
 
242 
 
If the Issuer determines that the Warrants are Specified Warrants pursuant to Section 871(m) Regulations, the applicable Final Terms 
w ill specify the w ithholding rate, the name of the entity w hich w ill w ithhold the rate and the e-mail address w here the Warrantholders 
can request additional information regarding the application of Section 871(m) Regulations. 
With respect to Specified Warrants that provide for net dividend reinvestment in respect of either an underlying U.S. security(i.e. a 
security that pays U.S. source dividends) or an index that includes U.S. securities, all payments on Warrants that reference such U.S. 
securities or an index that includes U.S. securities may be calculated by reference to dividends on such U.S. securities that are 
reinvested at a rate of 70%. In such case, in calculating the relevant payment amount, the holder w ill be deemed to receive, and the 
Issuer w ill be deemed to w ithhold, 30% of any dividend equivalent payments (as defined in Section 871(m) of the Code) in respect of 
the relevant U.S. securities. The Issuer w ill not pay any additional amounts to the holder on account of the Section 871(m) amount 
deemed w ithheld. 
For the purpose of this Condition: 
Relevant Date means the date on w hich the relevant payment first becomes due, except that, if the full amount of the moneys payable 
has not been duly received by the Fiscal Agent (or, in the case of Dematerialized Warrants), the holders of such Dematerialised 
Warrants) on or prior to such due date, it means the date on w hich, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice 
to that effect is duly given to the Warrantholders in accordance w ith Condition 12. 
Section 871(m) Regulations means the U.S. Treasury regulations issued under Section 871(m) of the Code. 
Specified Warrants means, subject to special rules from 2017 through 2022 set out in Notice 2020-2 (the Notice), Warrants issued 
on or after 1 January 2017 that substantially replicate the economic performance of one or more U.S. underlying equities as 
determined by the Issuer on the date for such Warrants as of w hich the expected delta of the product is determined by the Iss uer, 
based on tests set out in the applicable Section 871(m) Regulations (for the purposes of the Notice, such Warrants are deemed 
“delta-one” instruments). 
Tax Jurisdiction means either Luxembourg or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having pow er to tax (in the 
case of payments by SG Issuer), or France or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having pow er to tax (in the 
case of payments by Societe Generale), or Germany or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having pow er to 
tax (in the case of payments by SG Effekten). 
7. 
PRESCRIPTION 
Claims on Warrants w ill become void unless claims in respect of payments are made w ithin a period of ten years after the Relevant 
Date (as defined in Condition 6) therefor. 
The Luxembourg act dated 3 September 1996 on the involuntary dispossession of bearer Warrants, as amended (the Involuntary 
Dispossession Act 1996) requires that, in the event that (i) an opposition has been filed in relation to the Warrants and (ii) the 
Warrants mature prior to becoming forfeited (as provided for in the Involuntary Dispossession Act 1996), any amount that is payable 
under the Warrants, (but has not yet been paid to the Warrantholders) is paid to the Caisse des consignations in Luxembourg until 
the opposition has been w ithdraw n or the forfeiture of the Warrants occurs. 
8. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
Upon the occurrence of any of the follow ing events (each an Event of Default): 
(i) 
default by the Issuer is made in the payment or delivery of any amount due in respect of the Warrants and such default 
continues for a period of 30 days, unless the Guarantor (if any) shall have remedied such default before the expiry of such 
period, and save that the late delivery of any Deliverable Assets in the circumstances referred to in Condition 4 shall not 
constitute an Event of Default; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under or in respect of a Series or the Warrants and the 
failure continues for a period of 60 days next follow ing the service on the Issuer and (if applicable) the Guarantor of a notice 
requiring the same to be remedied (except in any case w here such failure is incapable of remedy, by the Issuer or the 
Guarantor, in w hich case no such continuation here above mentioned w ill be required); or

--- Page 243 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the French Law Warrants 
 
243 
 
(iii) 
the Issuer institutes or has instituted against it by a regulator, supervisor or any similar official w ith primary insolvency , 
rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or the jurisdiction of its head office, or the 
Issuer consents to a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or 
insolvency law  or other similar law  affecting creditors’ rights, or the Issuer consents to a petition for its w inding-up or 
liquidation by it or by such regulator, supervisor or similar official, provided that proceedings instituted or petitions presented 
by creditors and not consented to by the Issuer shall not constitute an Event of Default; or 
(iv) 
in the case of any Issue of Warrants in respect of w hich the Guarantee is applicable, the Guarantee ceases to be in full force 
and effect in respect of such Issue of Warrants, or notice is given by the Guarantor w hich w ould cause the Guarantee to 
cease to be in full force and effect in respect of such Issue of Warrants, or is rendered void for any cause or by any means 
w hatsoever except if the same results from the occurrence of a Change in Law  w hich constitutes a Regulatory Event as 
provided for in Condition 5.3; or 
(v) 
in the case of Secured Warrants issued by SG Issuer, a Required Collateral Default Notice is delivered in relation to a 
Collateral Pool securing such Secured Warrants; 
then the Warrantholder may give w ritten notice to the relevant Issuer and, (if applicable) the Guarantor, that the Warrants are, and 
they shall accordingly forthw ith become, immediately cancelled and a payment w ill be due to such Warrantholder in an amount equal 
to, in the case of Cash Settled Warrants, the Early Termination Settlement Amount or, in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants the 
Early Termination Physical Delivery Amount (subject to payment of the Exercise Price divided, if applicable, by the Parity). 
9. 
REPLACEM ENT OF WARRANTS 
Should any Temporary Global Certificate or any Definitive Materialised Bearer Warrant be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or 
destroyed, it may be replaced at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent, subject to relevant stock exchange requirements and all 
applicable law s, upon payment by the claimant of such costs and expenses as may be incurred in connection therew ith and on such 
terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (w hich may provide, inter alia, that if any allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Temporary 
Global Certificate or Definitive Materialised Bearer Warrant is subsequently presented for payment, there shall be paid to the Issuer 
on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such Temporary Global Certificate or Definitive Materialised Bearer 
Warrants and otherw ise as the Issuer or, if applicable, the Guarantor, may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Warrants must 
be surrendered before replacements w ill be issued. The replacement of Warrants in bearer form, in the case of loss or theft, is subject 
to the procedure of the Involuntary Dispossession Act 1996. 
10. 
APPOINTMENT OF AGENTS 
10.1 
Agents 
The names of the initial Fiscal Agent, the initial Registrar and the other initial Paying Agent(s) and their initial specified offices are set 
out below  and the name(s) and the specified office of the Calculation Agent(s) are specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
In addition, the Fiscal Agent may, (if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) delegate certain of its functions and duties in relation 
to Physical Delivery Warrants to a settlement agent (the Settlement Agent). 
In relation to Dematerialised or Materialised Warrants and any other Warrants listed on SIX Sw iss Exchange, the Issuer w ill maintain 
a Principal Sw iss Paying Agent having a specified office in Sw itzerland (w hich shall at all times be a bank or securities dealer that is 
subject to supervision by FINMA) w hose duties w ill be set out in the Sw iss Paying Agency Agreement and the Issuer w ill at all time 
maintain a Paying Agent in respect of CHF-denominated Warrants having a specified office in Sw itzerland. Any reference in these 
Conditions to the Fiscal Agent shall so far as the context permits be deemed to be a reference to the Principal Sw iss Paying Agent. 
The Issuer and (if applicable) the Guarantor are entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent or Settlement Agent 
and/or appoint additional or other Paying Agents or Settlement Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through 
w hich any Paying Agent or Settlement Agent acts, provided that : 
(i) 
so long as the Warrants are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to trading or listing by another relevant authority, there 
w ill at all times be a Paying Agent (w hich may be the Fiscal Agent) and a Transfer Agent (w hich may be the Registrar) w ith 
a specified office in such place as may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange; and

--- Page 244 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the French Law Warrants 
 
244 
 
(ii) 
there w ill at all times be a Paying Agent (w hich may be the Fiscal Agent) w ith a specified office in a city in Europe (excluding 
Austria); and 
(iii) 
there w ill be one or more Calculation Agent(s) w here the Terms and Conditions so require; and 
(iv) 
there w ill be a Consolidation Agent w here the Terms and Conditions so require; and 
(v) 
there w ill at all times be a Fiscal Agent and a Registrar. 
In acting under the French Law  Agency Agreement, the Paying Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and, if applicable, the  
Guarantor, and do not assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust w ith, any Warrantholders. The French Law  Agency 
Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into w hich any Paying Agent is merged or converted or w ith w hich it is 
consolidated or to w hich it transfers all or substantially all of its assets to become the successor paying agent. 
10.2 
Calculation Agent 
In connection w ith any Issue of Warrants, if the calculation agent specified in the applicable Final Terms (the Calculation Agent) is: 
(i) 
Societe Generale, such appointment w ill be governed by the terms of the calculation agency agreement (the Calculation 
Agency Agreement); or 
(ii) 
any entity other than Societe Generale, the terms of such appointment w ill be summarised in the applicable Final Terms. 
11. 
SUBSTITUTION OF THE ISSUER 
Unless the applicable Final Terms specify that “Substitution of the Issuer” is “Not Applicable”, this Condition w ill apply. 
Societe Generale or SG Issuer or SG Effekten may be replaced by each other as principal obligor in respect of the Warrants w ithout 
the consent of the relevant Warrantholders. If any of Societe Generale or SG Issuer or SG Effekten determines that it shall be replaced 
by one another (the Substituted Obligor), it shall give not less than 30 nor more than 45 days' notice, in accordance w ith Condition 
12, to the Warrantholders of such event and, immediately on the expiry of such notice, the Substituted Obligor shall become the  
principal obligor in place of the relevant Issuer and the Warrantholders shall thereupon cease to have any rights or claims w hatsoever 
against the relevant Issuer. How ever, no such substitution shall take effect: 
(i) 
if the effect of such substitution w ould, at the time of such substitution, be that payments in respect of the Warrants w ould 
be required to be made subject to any w ithholding or deduction w hich w ould not otherw ise arise in the absence of such 
substitution; 
(ii) 
if the Substituted Obligor is not the Guarantor, until the Guarantor shall have entered into an unconditional and irrevoc able 
guarantee substantially in the form of the Guarantee in respect of the obligations of such Substituted Obligor; 
(iii) 
in any case, until the Substituted Obligor shall have provided to the Fiscal Agent such documents as may be necessary to 
make the Warrants and the French Law  Agency Agreement its legal, valid and binding obligations; and 
(iv) 
until such Substituted Obligor shall have been approved in w riting by the relevant authorities as able to issue the relevant 
Warrants. 
Upon any such substitution, the Warrants w ill be modified as required, and the Warrantholders w ill be notified of the modified terms 
and conditions of such Warrants in accordance w ith Condition 12. 
For the purposes of this Condition, it is expressly agreed that by subscribing to, acquiring or otherw ise purchasing Warrants, the 
Warrantholders are expressly deemed to have consented to the substitution of the relevant Issuer by the Substituted Obligor and to 
the release of the relevant Issuer from any and all obligations in respect of the Warrants and all the agreements attached thereto and 
are expressly deemed to have accepted such substitution and the consequences thereof.

--- Page 245 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the French Law Warrants 
 
245 
 
12. 
NOTICES 
12.1 
Notices regarding Warrants other than Warrants listed on SIX Swiss Exchange  
12.1.1 
Subject as provided in Condition 12.1.4, all notices to the holders of Materialised Bearer Warrants and Dematerialised 
Warrants in bearer form shall be deemed to be validly given if published in a leading daily new spaper of general circulatio n 
in Europe provided that so long as such Warrants are listed on any Regulated Market or stock exchange(s) or are admitted 
to trading by a relevant authority the Issuer shall instead ensure that the notices are duly published in a manner w hich 
complies w ith the rules and regulations of such Regulated Market, stock exchange(s) or relevant authority. Any such notice 
w ill be deemed to have been given (i) on the date of the first publication or, w here required to be published in more than one 
new spaper, on the date of the first publication in all required new spaper(s) (w hich, in the case of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort (or the Tageblatt)) or (ii) in the case of publication on a w ebsite, on the 
date on w hich such notice is first posted on the relevant w ebsite (w hich, in the case of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, 
shall be w ww.bourse.lu). 
12.1.2 
Subject as provided in Condition 12.1.3 and Condition 12.1.4, all notices to the holders of Dematerialised Warrants in 
registered form (au nominatif) shall be deemed to be validly given if either, (i) they are mailed to them at their respective 
addresses, in w hich case they w ill be deemed to have been given on the fourth w eekday (being a day other than a Saturday 
or a Sunday) after the mailing, or (ii) at the option of the Issuer, they are published in accordance w ith Condition 12.1.1 
above. 
12.1.3 
Subject as provided in Condition 12.1.4, all notices to the holders of Dematerialised Warrants (w hether in registered or in 
bearer form) may, instead of being mailed to the holders pursuant to Condition 12.1.2 or published pursuant to Condition 
12.1.1, be given by delivery of the relevant notice to the relevant Clearing System through w hich the Warrants are for the 
time being cleared except that (i) so long as such Warrants are listed on any regulated market or stock exchange(s) or are 
admitted to trading by a relevant authority and the applicable rules to that stock exchange or regulated market or relevant 
authority so require, notices shall also be published in a daily financial new spaper w ith general circulation in the city/ies  
w here the regulated market or other stock exchange(s) on w hich such Warrants are listed. 
12.1.4 
If any such publication pursuant to this Condition is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in a leading daily 
financial new spaper w ith general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of 
the publication on the relevant new spaper or, if published more than once or on different dates, on the date of the first 
publication on the relevant new spaper. 
12.1.5 
Notices relating to the convening and decision(s) pursuant to Condition 15 and pursuant to Articles R. 228-79 and R. 236-11 
of the French Code de commerce shall only be delivered to Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream and any other clearing  
system through w hich the Warrants are for the time being cleared. For the avoidance of doubt, Conditions 12.1. to 12.1.4 
shall not apply to such notices. 
12.2 
Notices regarding Warrants listed on SIX Swiss Exchange 
So long as Warrants are listed on SIX Sw iss Exchange and so long as the rules of SIX Sw iss Exchange so require, all notices in 
respect of such Warrants w ill also be given w ithout cost to the Warrantholders through the Principal Sw iss Paying Agent either: 
(i) 
by means of electronic publication on the internet w ebsite of SIX Sw iss Exchange (w ww.six-swiss-exchange.com), w here 
notices are currently published under the address w ww.six-swiss-exchange.com/new s/official_notices/search_en.html; or 
(ii) 
otherw ise in accordance w ith the regulations of SIX Sw iss Exchange. 
If any such publication pursuant to this Condition is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in a leading daily financial 
new spaper w ith general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication 
or, if published more than once or on different dates, on the date of the first publication as provided above.

--- Page 246 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the French Law Warrants 
 
246 
 
13. 
FURTHER ISSUES AND CONSOLIDATION – SUBSCRIPTIONS AND PURCHASES – CANCELLATION 
13.1 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, w ithout the consent of the Warrantholders create and issue further Warrants ranking pari passu in 
all respects and on the same Terms and Conditions (save for their Issue Date, Issue Price), and so that the same shall be consolidated 
and form a single issue w ith the outstanding Warrants. 
13.2 
Consolidation 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that clause "Consolidation" is "Applicable", the Issuer may from time to time on or after the date 
specified for a change of currency of the Warrants pursuant to Condition 1, on giving not less than 30 days' prior notice to the 
Warrantholders in accordance w ith Condition 12, w ithout the consent of Warrantholders, consolidate the Warrants w ith one or more 
issues of other Warrants issued by it, w hether or not originally issued in one of the European national currencies or in Euro, provided 
such other Warrants have been redenominated or changed in Euro (if not originally denominated or payable in Euro) and w hich 
otherw ise have, in respect of all periods subsequent to such consolidation, the same terms and conditions as the Warrants. 
Circumstances may arise w here the Issuer might deem appropriate to effect a consolidation of a particular Issue of Warrants, for 
example w hen the market price of the relevant Warrants reaches very low  levels so as to potentially affect the secondary mark et 
efficiency. In such event, w here "Warrant Consolidation" is specified as “applicable” in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may give 
notice (a Consolidation Trigger Notice) of at least the Consolidation Notice Period to Warrantholders informing them of its intention 
to effect a consolidation w ith respect to the relevant Warrants. After the giving of such Consolidation Trigger Notice, w ith effect from 
the relevant Consolidation Effective Date and w ithout the consent of the Warrantholders, the number of Warrants (such Warrants, 
Pre-Conversion Warrants) held by each Warrantholder (the Existing Holding) w ill be aggregated and such Warrants w ill be 
converted into a smaller number of Warrants (such Warrants, Converted Warrants and the aggregate holding of such Converted 
Warrants by a Warrantholder, the Revised Holding) calculated by dividing the number of Pre-Conversion Warrants in the relevant 
Existing Holding by the Conversion Factor. Where the application of the Conversion Factor to the Existing Holding results in any 
Warrantholder being entitled to a fraction of a Converted Warrant or a Warrantholder holds a number of Pre-Conversion Warrants 
less than the Conversion Factor (in each case the Unconverted Warrants), such Warrantholder shall receive a cash amount on the 
Consolidation Settlement Date equal to the Consolidation Settlement Price of the Unconverted Warrants (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent). 
Upon conversion of Pre-Conversion Warrants into Converted Warrants, the applicable Final Terms shall be deemed to be amended 
to set out the changes to be made to the terms of the Converted Warrants, provided that as a result of such changes the market value 
of the Revised Holding calculated immediately after the consolidation is the same as the market value of the Existing Holding  
calculated immediately before the consolidation. 
Follow ing the conversion of Pre-Conversion Warrants into Converted Warrants, all references in these Terms and Conditions to 
Warrants shall be deemed to be references to the Converted Warrants. 
For the purposes of this Condition: 
Consolidation Effective Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Consolidation Trigger Notice; 
Consolidation Notice Period means the number of days specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Consolidation Settlement Amount means the Market Value as defined in Condition 5.5 determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
Consolidation Effective Date; 
Consolidation Settlement Date means the number of days or Business Days specified in the applicable Consolidation Trigger Notice 
follow ing the Consolidation Effective Date; and 
Conversion Factor is as specified in the applicable Consolidation Trigger Notice. 
Further to the above, the Consolidation Trigger Notice shall include the description of the operational mechanisms to be performed in 
relation to the consolidation.

--- Page 247 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the French Law Warrants 
 
247 
 
13.3 
Subscriptions and Purchases 
The Issuer or (if applicable) the Guarantor shall have the right to subscribe and/or to purchase Warrants at any price in the open 
market or otherw ise, in accordance w ith applicable law s and regulations. 
In the case of Warrants issued by Societe Generale, all Warrants subscribed or purchased by such Issuer may be subscribed or 
purchased and held, in accordance w ith Articles L. 213-0-1 and D.231-0-1 of the French Code monétaire et financier. 
13.4 
Cancellation 
All Warrants purchased for cancellation by or on behalf of the Issuer w ill forthw ith be cancelled. All Warrants purchased and cancelled 
shall be forw arded to the Fiscal Agent (or, in the case of Registered Warrants, the Registrar) and cannot be reissued or resold and 
the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such Warrants shall be discharged. 
14. 
CALCULATIONS AND DETERMINATIONS 
With respect to a Type of Structured Warrants to w hich the relevant Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants apply, 
the Calculation Agent responsible for determining and calculating any rate, rate of interest, interest payable and any amount payable 
shall be the Calculation Agent specified in the applicable Final Terms (pursuant to the provisions of Condition 10). 
Whenever a Calculation Agent is required to make any calculations, determinations, adjustments or act in any w ay (and unless 
otherw ise provided herein), it w ill do so in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
The calculations and determinations of the Calculation Agent w ill be conclusive and binding upon the Issuer, the Guarantor (if any), 
the Agent, the Warrantholders, in the absence of manifest error or proven error. 
Follow ing the occurrence of an event giving rise to an adjustment w hich is substantial in the opinion of the Calculation Agent or of an 
extraordinary event affecting, in respect of the relevant Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants (i): a relevant 
Underlying and/or (ii) a Selected Obligation or a Deliverable Obligation, and/or (iii) a Bond, the Calculation Agent shall notify the 
Issuer, w hich shall in its turn notify the Agent and the Warrantholders, pursuant to the provisions of Condition 12, of the relevant 
adjustment made or decision taken by the Calculation Agent. Details of such adjustment made or decision taken can be obtained by 
the Warrantholders upon request at the Calculation Agent's address specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
15. 
MEETINGS OF WARRANTHOLDERS 
The French Law  Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of the Warrantholders (to consider any matter 
affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by extraordinary resolution (an Extraordinary Resolution)) of a modification of the 
Warrants or certain provisions of the French Law  Agency Agreement. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer or the Guarantor 
at any time or by Warrantholders holding not less than 10 per cent. of the Warrants for the time being unexercised. The quorum at 
any such meeting for passing such Extraordinary Resolution is one or more persons holding or representing in the aggregate not less 
than 50 per cent. of the Warrants for the time being unexercised, or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons being or 
representing Warrantholders w hatever the number of Warrants so held or represented, except that at any meeting the business of 
w hich includes the modification of certain provisions of the Warrants, (including but not limited to modifying the exercise date or 
exercise period of the Warrants, reducing or cancelling the Cash Settlement Amount or Physical Delivery Amount in respect of the 
Warrants or altering the currency of payment of the Warrants, modifying of the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution, 
sanctioning of any scheme or proposal for the exchange or sale of the Warrants for, or the conversion of the Warrants into, or the 
cancellation of the Warrants in consideration of, shares, stock, bonds, debentures, debenture stock and/or other obligations and/or 
securities of the Issuer (as further described in the French Law  Agency Agreement)), the necessary quorum for passing an 
Extraordinary Resolution w ill be one or more persons holding or representing not less than tw o-thirds, or at any adjourned such 
meeting not less than one-third, in number of the Warrants for the time being unexercised. An Extraordinary Resolution passed at 
any meeting of the Warrantholders shall be binding on all the Warrantholders, w hether or not they are present at the meeting. 
The Fiscal Agent, the Issuer and the Guarantor may agree, w ithout the consent of the Warrantholders, to any modification of the 
Warrants, or the French Law  Agency Agreement w hich is (i) to cure or correct any ambiguity or defective or inconsistent provision 
contained therein, or w hich is of a formal, minor or technical nature or (ii) not prejudicial to the interests of the Warrantholders (provided 
the proposed modification does not relate to a matter in respect of w hich an Extraordinary Resolution w ould be required if a meeting

--- Page 248 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the French Law Warrants 
 
248 
 
of Warrantholders w ere held to consider such modification) or (iii) to correct a manifest error or proven error or (iv) to comply w ith 
mandatory provisions of the law . 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Warrantholders and any such modification shall be notified to the Warrantholders in 
accordance w ith Condition 12. 
The Issuer may decide, w ithout the consent of the Warrantholders to (a) any modification of the Warrants w hich is not materially 
prejudicial to the interests of the Warrantholders; or (b) any modification of the Warrants w hich is of formal, minor or technical nature 
or is made to correct a manifest error or proven error or to comply w ith mandatory provisions of the law  of the jurisdiction in w hich the 
Issuer is incorporated. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the relevant Warrantholders and any such modification shall be notified to such 
Warrantholders in accordance w ith Condition 12. 
In respect of SG Issuer only, the provisions of articles 470-1 to 470-19 of the Luxembourg Act dated 10 August 1915 on commercial 
companies, as amended (the Companies Act 1915), shall not apply to the Warrants. No Warrantholder may initiate proceedings 
against SG Issuer based on article 470-21 of the Companies Act 1915. 
16. 
WAIVER OF SET-OFF 
No holder of any Warrant may at any time exercise or claim any Waived Set-Off Rights against any right, claim, or liability w hich the 
Issuer has or may have or acquire against such holder, directly or indirectly, how soever arising (and, for the avoidance of doubt, 
including all such rights, claims and liabilities arising under or in relation to any and all agreements or other instruments  of any sort or 
any non-contractual obligations, in each case w hether or not relating to the Warrants) and each such holder shall be deemed to have 
w aived all Waived Set-Off Rights to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law  in relation to all such actual and potential rights, 
claims and liabilities. 
For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Condition is intended to provide or shall be construed as acknow ledging any right of 
deduction, set-off, netting, compensation, retention or counterclaim or that any such right is or w ould be available to any holder of any 
Warrant but for this Condition. 
For the purposes of this Condition, Waived Set-Off Rights means any and all rights of or claims of any holder of any Warrant for 
deduction, set-off, netting, compensation, retention or counterclaim arising directly or indirectly under or in connection w ith any such 
Warrant. 
17. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
17.1 
Governing Law 
If the applicable Final Terms indicate that the clause "Governing law" is "French law ": 
 
the Warrants and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection w ith the Warrants w ill be governed by, and 
shall be construed in accordance w ith, French law . 
 
the French Law  Agency Agreement and the Guarantee and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
w ith the French Law  Agency Agreement and/or the Guarantee w ill be governed by, and shall be construed in accordance 
w ith, French law . 
17.2 
Submission to jurisdiction 
Any claim against the Issuer in connection w ith any Warrants and the French Law  Agency Agreement shall be brought before the 
competent courts of Paris (tribunaux de Paris, France) exclusively. 
Any claim against the Guarantor in connection w ith the Guarantee shall be brought before the commercial court of Paris ( Tribunal de 
Commerce de Paris).

--- Page 249 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the French Law Warrants 
 
249 
 
18. 
LIMITED RECOURSE AGAINST SG ISSUER AND SG EFFEKTEN 
Each holder of a Warrant or Warrants issued by SG Issuer and SG Effekten is deemed to have acknow ledged and undertaken, on its 
acquisition of such Warrant(s), that, in the event of a default by SG Issuer or SG Effekten, of payment or delivery of any sum due on 
any such Warrant(s) w henever such payment or delivery falls due (such payment or delivery defaults, Defaulted Payments), such 
holder shall not institute any proceeding, judicial or otherw ise, or otherw ise assert a claim against SG Issuer or SG Effekten to enforce 
such Defaulted Payments and w aives all rights to institute such proceedings or make such claims in respect of such Defaulted 
Payments against the relevant Issuer. 
For the avoidance of doubt, such acknow ledgement, undertaking and w aiver are w ithout prejudice to the holder’s rights under the 
Guarantee and do not alter or impair the Guarantor’s obligations under the relevant guarantee and accordingly each holder shall 
continue to have the right to institute any proceeding, judicial or otherw ise, or otherw ise assert a claim against the Guarantor to 
enforce any obligation due under the relevant guarantee, including w ithout limitation in respect of any Defaulted Payments, s ubject in 
all cases to the terms of the Guarantee. 
Such acknow ledgement, undertaking and w aiver do not alter or impair the rights of the Warrantholders to require the enforcement of 
the relevant Pledge Agreement, pursuant to the provisions of the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Secured Warrants. 
19. 
SUSPENSION OF TRADING AND DELISTING OF WARRANTS 
Warrants that are listed on any regulated market or stock exchange(s) or admitted to trading by a relevant authority may be s uspended 
from trading and/or delisted at any time in accordance w ith applicable rules and regulations of the relevant regulated market or relevant 
stock exchange(s). 
In addition, the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer and the Guarantor (if any) may agree at any time and w ithout any further consent fr om the 
Warrantholders to delist Warrants listed on the SIX Sw iss Exchange by giving notice to the Warrantholders in accordance w ith 
Condition 12 at least three months prior to the last trading day stating that such Warrants w ill be delisted from the SIX Sw iss Exchange 
and no longer traded on the SIX Structured Products Exchange. 
20. 
ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF BAIL-IN AND WRITE-DOWN OR CONVERSION POWERS 
20.1 
Acknowledgement of the write-down and conversion of Warrants of SG Issuer or SG Effekten following the bail-in 
and write-down and conversion of some Societe Generale’s Liabilities  
By the acquisition of Warrants, each Warrantholder (w hich, for the purposes of this Condition, includes any current or future holder of 
a beneficial interest in the Warrants) acknow ledges, accepts, consents and agrees in respect of Warrants issued by SG Issuer or SG 
Effekten, if the Relevant Resolution Authority (as defined below ) exercises its Bail-in Pow er (as defined below ) on liabilities of Societe 
Generale, pursuant to Article L 613-30-3-I-3 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (the M&F Code): 
(A)  
ranking: 
(i) 
junior to liabilities of Societe Generale benefitting from statutorily preferred exceptions pursuant to Article L 
613-30-3-I 1°and 2 of the M&F Code; 
(ii) 
(pari passu w ith liabilities of Societe Generale as defined in Article L.613-30-3-I-3 of the M&F Code; and 
(iii) 
senior to liabilities of Societe Generale as defined in Article L.613-30-3-I-4 of the M&F Code; and 
(B)  
w hich are not titres non structurés as defined under Article R.613-28 of the M&F Code, and 
(C)  
w hich are not or are no longer eligible to be taken into account for the purposes of the MREL (as defined below ) ratio of 
Societe Generale 
and such exercise of the Bail-in Pow er results in the w rite-dow n or cancellation of all, or a portion of, the principal amount of, or the 
outstanding amount payable in respect of, and/or interest on, such liabilities, and/or the conversion of all, or a portion, of the principal 
amount of, or the outstanding amount payable in respect of, or interest on, such liabilities into shares or other securities or other

--- Page 250 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the French Law Warrants 
 
250 
 
obligations of Societe Generale or another person, including by means of variation to their terms and conditions in order to give effect 
to such exercise of Bail-in Pow er, 
then SG Issuer’s or SG Effekten’s obligations under the Warrants (other than Secured Warrants) w ill be limited to (i) payment of the 
amounts of principal and/or interest as reduced or cancelled that w ould be recoverable by the Warrantholders and/or (ii) the delivery 
or the payment of value of the shares or other securities or other obligations of Societe Generale or another person that w ould be 
paid or delivered to the Warrantholders as if, in either case, the Warrants had been directly issued by Societe Generale itself and any 
Amount Due under the Warrants had accordingly been directly subject to the exercise of the Bail-in Pow er (the “Contractual Bail-in”). 
20.2 
Consequences of the Contractual Bail-in 
No repayment or payment of the Amounts Due w ill become due and payable or be paid under the Warrants issued by SG Issuer and 
SG Effekten after implementation of the Contractual Bail-in. 
Upon the implementation of the Contractual Bail-in w ith respect to the Warrants, the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor w ill provide a 
w ritten notice to the Warrantholders in accordance w ith Condition 12 as soon as practicable regarding such implementation of the 
Contractual Bail-in. The relevant Issuer or the Guarantor w ill also deliver a copy of such notice to the Fiscal Agent for informational 
purposes, although the Fiscal Agent shall not be required to send such notice to Warrantholders. Any delay or failure by the relevant 
Issuer or the Guarantor to give notice shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the Contractual Bail-in nor the effects on the 
Warrants described above. 
Neither a cancellation of the Warrants, a reduction, in part or in full, of the Amounts Due, the conversion thereof into another security 
or obligation of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor or another person, as a result of the implementation of the Contractual Bail-in 
w ith respect to Warrants w ill be an event of default or otherw ise constitute non-performance of a contractual obligation, or entitle the 
Warrantholder to any remedies (including equitable remedies) w hich are hereby expressly w aived. 
Upon the implementation of the Contractual Bail-in, the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if any) and each Warrantholder (including each 
holder of a beneficial interest in the Warrants) hereby agree that (a) the Fiscal Agent shall not be required to take any directions from 
Warrantholders, and (b) the French Law  Agency Agreement shall impose no duties upon the Fiscal Agent w hatsoever, in each case 
w ith respect to the implementation of the Contractual Bail-in. 
Notw ithstanding the foregoing, if, follow ing the completion of the implementation of the Contractual Bail-in, any Warrants remain 
outstanding (for example, if the implementation of the Contractual Bail-in results in only a partial w rite-dow n of the principal of the 
Warrants), then the Fiscal Agent’s duties under the French Law  Agency Agreement shall remain applicable w ith respect to the 
Warrants follow ing such completion to the extent that the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if any) and the Fiscal Agent shall agree 
pursuant to an amendment to the French Law  Agency Agreement. 
If the Contractual Bail-in is implemented w ith respect to less than the total Amounts Due, unless the Fiscal Agent is otherw ise 
instructed by the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor or, as the case may be, the Relevant Resolution Authority, any cancellation, w rite-off 
or conversion made in respect of the Warrants w ill be made on a pro-rata basis. 
The matters set forth in this Condition shall be exhaustive on the foregoing matters to the exclusion of any other agreements, 
arrangements or understandings betw een the Issuer, the Guarantor (if any) and each Warrantholder. 
No expenses necessary for the procedures under this Condition, including, but not limited to, those incurred by the relevant Issuer, 
the Guarantor (if any) and the Fiscal Agent, shall be borne by any Warrantholder. 
For the purpose of this Condition: 
Amounts Due means the prevailing outstanding amounts of the Warrants issued by the relevant Issuer, and any accrued and unpaid 
interest on such Warrants, that have not been previously cancelled or otherw ise are no longer due. 
Bail-in Power means any statutory cancellation, w rite-dow n and/or conversion pow er existing from time to time under any law s, 
regulations, rules or requirements relating to the resolution of banks, banking group companies, credit institutions and/or investment 
firms, including but not limited to any such law s, regulations, rules or requirements that are implemented, adopted or enacted w ithin 
the context of a European Union directive or regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council establishing a framew ork for

--- Page 251 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the French Law Warrants 
 
251 
 
the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms, or any other applicable law s or regulations, as amended, or 
otherw ise, pursuant to w hich obligations of a bank, banking group company, credit institution or investment firm or any of its affiliates 
can be reduced, cancelled and/or converted into shares or other securities or obligations of the obligor or any other person. 
MREL means the Minimum Requirement for ow n funds and Eligible Liabilities as defined in Directive 2014/59/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 establishing a framew ork for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and 
investment firms (as amended from time to time). 
Relevant Resolution Authority means any authority w ith the ability to exercise the Bail-in Pow er on Societe Generale, SG Issuer or 
SG Effekten as the case may be.

--- Page 252 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
252 
 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FIXED LEVERAGE AND TURBO WARRANTS 
The follow ing Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage Warrants and Turbo Warrants (the Additional Terms and 
Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants ) w ill apply w ith respect to an Issue of Warrants that are specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as being Fixed Leverage Warrants or Turbo Warrants. Where these Additional Terms and Conditions ar e 
applicable to an Issue of Warrants, the applicable Final Terms w ill specify a Product and its related reference. The relevant Warrant 
w ill be know n in these Additional Terms and Conditions as the Product. These Additional Terms and Conditions set forth herein that 
relate to that Product w ill apply in respect of the relevant Issue of Warrants (having, w here relevant, the appropriate Reference of the 
Product, amongst other things). Each Product forms part of a family of products (the Family of Products). 
The definitions used in these Additional Terms and Conditions may also apply to a Warrant the applicable Final Terms of w hich specify 
that all or part of the capitalised terms used therein have the meaning as described to them in these Additional Terms and Conditions. 
References in these Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants to a "Condition" or "these 
Additional Terms and Conditions" shall be construed as a reference to the relevant conditions in these Additional Terms and 
Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants unless otherw ise specified herein. 
OVERVIEW 
The follow ing diagram provides an overview  of the organisation of each Family of Products, using the example of the Family of  Fixed 
Leverage Products (as set out in detail in Condition 3.1 below ). 
 
Family of Products 
A Family of Products is a group of Product having similar characteristics. For 
each Family of Products, formulae, applicable rate(s) and variable data are 
defined in order to determine the Product Amounts (defined below ). The 
Families of Products are listed in the preamble of Condition 3 below  each w ith 
a tw o-digit reference (e.g. 3.1). 
Reference of the Product 
A Reference of the Product is a three-digit reference number w ith the first two 
digits corresponding to the reference of the Family of Products to w hich the 
Product belongs and the third digit corresponding to the Product itself. The 
applicable Final Terms for the Warrants shall indicate the Reference of the 
Product (w hich corresponds to a paragraph of Condition 3 below  w here are 
all the formulae, applicable rate(s) and variable data used to determine the 
Product Amounts (as defined below ) are listed), and as the case may be, the 
Options (as defined below ) and Add-ons (as defined below ) necessary to 
determine such Product Amounts. 
Product  
A Product is a Warrant to w hich these Additional Terms and Conditions 
relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants apply and having an Early 
Settlement Price (if any) and a Final Settlement Price (each a Product 
Amount and together the Product Amounts), each determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the basis of a set of definitions and formulae listed in 
Condition 3 below  in the relevant paragraph corresponding to the Reference 
of the Product. 
Event-linked Early Expiration: 
Early Settlement Price (if any) 
(as described in Condition 1.1 below) 
Common principles: 
For each Product, each Product Amount is equal to the formula (Notional 
Amount x Product Formula). A Product Amount may be simplified to the

--- Page 253 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
253 
 
Final Settlement Price: 
Final Settlement Price 
(as described in Condition 1.2 below) 
Product Formula if the Notional Amount is set to "Not applicable" in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
For each Product and each Product Amount, a specific set of definitions and 
formulae w hich refer to certain Variable Data, formulae and rates 
(Applicable Rates) are specified (the Product Formula(e)). 
For the avoidance of doubt, several Variable Data and Applicable Rates can 
be associated w ith a particular Product Formula, and, for each Product 
Formula, one or several Options and/or Add-ons may be applicable. 
Product Formula = Function{Schedule(s) ; Specific Definition(s) ; Variable 
Data ; Applicable Rate(s) ; Add-on(s) ; Options} 
Specific Product Formula(e) may be defined for each Product Amount. 
The follow ing provisions apply to the Early Settlement Price (if any) and the Final Settlement Price: 
Schedule 
(as described in Condition 2.1 below) 
A Schedule means (i) either Valuation Date(s), Relevant Valuation Date(s), 
Underlying Level Calculation Date(s) or any other date(s) listed in the 
applicable Final Terms, or (ii) all Valuation Date(s) or Relevant Valuation 
Date(s) or any other date(s) comprised w ithin a period defined in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
For the avoidance of doubt, several Schedules may be used for the 
determination and calculation of a particular Product Amount. 
Furthermore, in respect of Product Formula and a particular Schedule, for 
ease of reading, Valuation Date, Relevant Valuation Date or Underlying Level 
Calculation Date may be renamed (for instance, for a Schedule made of daily 
Valuation Dates, "Valuation Date" may be renamed "Daily Valuation Date", 
for a Schedule w ith annual Relevant Valuation Dates, "Relevant Valuation 
Date" may be renamed "Annual Valuation Date", for another Schedule 
relating to a specific Underlying_A, "Valuation Date" may be renamed 
"Underlying_A Valuation Date", for a Schedule made of daily Underlying 
Level Calculation Dates, "Daily Underlying Level Calculation Date", etc.). 
For the avoidance of doubt, all these dates, w hatever their names, shall be 
considered as Valuation Dates as defined in the relevant Additional Terms 
and Conditions for the relevant Underlying(s), w ith the exception of the 
Averaging Date w hich shall keep the meaning of Averaging Date as defined 
in the relevant Additional Terms and Conditions for the relevant Underlying(s).  
General Definitions 
(as described in Condition 2.2.1 below) 
Condition 5 contains certain definitions that may apply to any Family of 
Products and any Product w ithin a Family of Products. 
Specific Definition(s) 
(as described in Condition 2.2.2 below) 
If relevant, Specific Definition(s) are specific definitions and formula(e) w hich 
are required for the determination and calculation of a Product Amount, 
specific to a particular Product. In Condition 3 below , w hen the determination 
of a Product Formula of a Product Amount requires one or more specific 
definitions, a paragraph "Specific Definitions" w ill be replicated in the 
paragraph of the applicable Final Terms w ith either (i) a specific definition 
contained in these Additional Terms and Conditions or (ii) the reference(s) to 
these Additional Terms and Conditions w here the Specific Definition(s) is/are

--- Page 254 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
254 
 
necessary for the determination and calculation of a Product Amount for such 
Product can be found. 
Variable Data 
(as described in Condition 2.3 below) 
The Variable Data is the variable data used as input(s) in the Product Formula 
for the determination and calculation of the Product Amount relating to a 
Product and specified w ith the relevant (inter alia) amount, level or 
percentage in the applicable Final Terms. 
Applicable Rate 
(as described in Condition 2.5 below) 
An Applicable Rate is a rate w hich is given a standard definition and may 
follow  a standard formula, and may be forced to a constant level over time 
and/or initially be equal to a fixed rate and then vary depending on market 
conditions and/or capped and/or floored and/or adjusted by an additive factor 
and/or a multiplicative factor and/or substituted w ith a market rate (including, 
any successor to a market rate). 
An Applicable Rate may be combined w ith several other Applicable Rates. 
Applicable Rates are used as inputs in the Product Formula for the 
determination and calculation of the Product Amount relating to a Product. 
Add-on 
(as described in Condition 1.3 below) 
The list of generic features that can be applied to any standard Product 
Formula(e) in order to supplement, modify or supersede these standard 
Product Formula(e). The paragraph "Reference of the Product" in the 
applicable Final Terms of a Product w ill specify the Add-on(s) applicable to 
such Product. 
Option 1, 2,…X 
Within a same Family of Products or Add-on the different variations of the 
Product Formula(e) used for the calculation of a Product Amount. These 
different Options are described in Conditions 1 and 3 below . The paragraph 
"Reference of the Product" of the applicable Final Terms w ill indicate the 
Option applicable to the Product. 
1. 
PROVISIONS AND DEFINITIONS RELATING TO THE PRODUCT AMOUNTS 
The provisions described hereunder are applicable to all the different Product Formula described in Condition 3 below . 
1.1 
Event-linked Early Expiration 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the paragraph "Event-linked Early Expiration" is "Applicable", any relevant Product Formula 
used to determine the Early Settlement Price(s) appearing in the paragraph relating to the Reference of the Product in Condition 3 
below  w ill be replicated in the paragraph "Event-linked Early Settlement Price" of the applicable Final Terms w ith the relevant values 
of the Variable Data, Applicable Rate(s), Schedule(s), Specific Definitions, Add-ons and/or Options: 
 
Event-linked Early Settlement Price: 
Unless previously exercised or cancelled in accordance w ith the 
Terms and Conditions, the Event-linked Early Settlement Price for 
each Warrant shall be the Early Settlement Price for each Warrant 
w hich w ill be determined in accordance w ith the follow ing provisions:  
[Insert the Early Settlement Price of the Product corresponding to 
the relevant Reference of the Product. The applicable definitions to

--- Page 255 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
255 
 
the Product Formula(e) will be inserted in the clause "Definitions 
relating to the Product" of the applicable Final Terms.] 
1.2 
Final Settlement Price 
Any relevant Product Formula used to determine the Final Settlement Price of the relevant Product appearing in the paragraph 
relating to the Reference of the Product in Condition 3 below  w ill be replicated in the paragraph "Final Settlement Price" of the 
applicable Final Terms w ith the relevant values of the Variable Data, Applicable Rate(s), Schedule(s), Specific Definitions, Add-ons 
and/or Options set out in Conditions 1.3, 1.4, 1.5 and 2 below , as the case may be: 
 
Final Settlement Price: 
Unless previously exercised or cancelled in accordance w ith the 
Terms and Conditions, the Final Settlement Price for each Warrant 
w ill be determined in accordance w ith the follow ing provisions: 
[Insert the Final Settlement Price of the Product corresponding to the 
relevant Reference of the Product. The applicable definitions to the 
Product Formula(e) will be inserted in the paragraph "Definitions 
relating to the Product" of the applicable Final Terms.] 
1.3 
Add-on relating to Product Formulae 
When an Add-on is used in respect of the Product Formula of a Product Amount defined in Condition 3 below , this w ill supplement, 
modify or supersede, as the case may be, such Product Formula. 
For each Product Amount in respect of w hich an Add-on is used, the relevant provisions in the applicable Final Terms shall include 
the reference to (a) the relevant Add-on (Conditions 1.3.1 to 1.3.3 below ), (b) the applicable Option in relation to the relevant Add-on 
(Condition 1.3.2 below ) and (c) the applicable Product Formula(e) (Condition 3 below ) and / or Variable Data (Condition 5 below ). 
1.3.1 
Add-on relating to Early Settlement Price 
If the paragraph "Event-linked Early Expiration" of a Product of a Family of Products is specified as being "Applicable" in Condition 3 
below , this may nevertheless be modified as follow s in accordance w ith the information indicated in the paragraph "Reference of the 
Product" of the applicable Final Terms: 
 
the paragraph "Event-linked Early Expiration" may be set as "Not applicable" in the applicable Final Terms of the Product 
and, consequently, no Early Settlement Price shall be determined in respect of the Product; 
 
the Product Formula(e) predefined relating to the Early Settlement Price may be superseded by one or more Product 
Formula(e) relating to the Early Settlement Price of any other Product of any other Family of Products described in Condition  
3 below ; 
 
if the paragraph "Event-linked Early Expiration"] of a Product of a Family of Products is specified as being "Not applicable" 
in Condition 3 below , this may nevertheless be modified to" Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms to the Product and, 
consequently, an Early Settlement Price shall be determined for this Product by applying the Product Formula relating to the 
Early Settlement Price of any other Product of any other Family of Products described in Condition 3 below . 
1.3.2 
Add-on relating to Global Factors 
Any Product Formula defined in Condition 3 below  and used to determine a Product Amount may be modified by the inclusion of a 
GlobalCap, GlobalFloor, GlobalAdditiveFactor or GlobalMultiplicativeFactor: 
Option 1: If GlobalCap is specified as a Variable Data in the applicable Final Terms, then: 
Product Amount = Notional Amount x Min(GlobalCap ; Product Formula).

--- Page 256 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
256 
 
Option 2: 
If a GlobalFloor is specified as a Variable Data in the applicable Final Terms, then: 
Product Amount = Notional Amount x Max(GlobalFloor ; Product Formula). 
Option 3: 
If a GlobalAdditiveFactor is specified as a Variable Data in the applicable Final Terms, then: 
Product Amount = Notional Amount x (Product Formula + GlobalAdditiveFactor). 
Option 4: 
If a GlobalMultiplicativeFactor is specified as a Variable Data in the applicable Final Terms, then: 
Product Amount = Notional Amount x Product Formula x GlobalMultiplicativeFactor. 
The Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 below . 
1.3.3 
Add-on relating to CapitalisationRate 
For some Products for w hich there is a significant period of time betw een the last Valuation Date and the Settlement Date, the Product 
Formula may become: 
Product Amount = Notional Amount x Product Formula x CapitalisationRate, 
With the CapitalisationRate being calculated on the relevant period of calculation and being a Variable Data specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
1.4 
Non applicability of the Notional Amount 
For a particular Issue of Warrants, the applicable Final Terms may specify that the "Notional Amount per Warrant" is "Not applicable". 
In such cases, any reference to "Notional Amount" in the applicable Final Terms relating to such Issue of Warrants shall be omitted 
and removed from the description of the relevant Product Formula(e). 
1.5 
Substitution of Specific Definitions 
For a particular Issue of Warrants, the applicable Final Terms may specify that one or more Specific Definition(s) is (are) to be 
substituted w ith a fixed level or value over time. In such cases, any reference to such Specific Definition(s) in the applicable Final 
Terms relating to such Issue of Warrants shall be substituted w ith such fixed level or value in the description of the relevant Product 
Formula(e). 
2. 
SCHEDULES, SPECIFIC DEFINITION(S) VARIABLE DATA, SIMPLIFICATIONS AND APPLICABLE RATES 
2.1 
Schedules 
A Schedule designates either (A) a list of Valuation Date(s), Relevant Valuation Date(s) or Underlying Level Calculation Date(s) or 
any other date(s), or (B) all Valuation Date(s) or Relevant Valuation Date(s) or Underlying Level Calculation Date(s) or any other 
date(s) comprised w ithin a defined period. 
For the avoidance of doubt, several Schedules may be used for the determination and calculation of a particular Product Amount. For 
ease of reading, Schedules may be renamed. 
Furthermore, in respect of a Product Formula and a particular Schedule, also for ease of reading, "Valuation Date", "Relevant 
Valuation Date" or "Underlying Level Calculation Date(s)" may be renamed (for instance, for a Schedule made of daily Valuatio n 
Dates, "Valuation Date" may be renamed "Daily Valuation Date", for a Schedule w ith annual Valuation Dates, "Valuation Date" may 
be renamed "Annual Valuation Date", for another Schedule relating to a specific Underlying_A, "Valuation Date" may be renamed  
"Underlying_A Valuation Date", a Schedule w ith daily Underlying Level Calculation Dates, "Underlying Level Calculation Date" may 
be renamed "Daily Underlying Level Calculation Date", etc.).

--- Page 257 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
257 
 
2.2 
General Definitions and Specific Definition(s) 
2.2.1 
General Definitions 
Definitions listed in Condition 5 below  are applicable to all the Families of Products and to each Product w ithin a Family of Products. 
2.2.2 
Specific Definition(s) 
If relevant, Specific Definition(s) are specific definitions and formula(e) w hich are required for the determination and calc ulation of a 
Product Amount, specific to a particular Product. One or more specific definitions may be necessary (hereafter the Specific 
Definition(s)). In Condition 3 below , w hen the determination of a Product Formula of a Product Amount requires one or more specific 
definitions, a paragraph "Specific Definitions" w ill be replicated in the paragraph of the applicable Final Terms w ith either (i) a specific 
definition contained in these Additional Terms and Conditions or (ii) the reference(s) to these Additional Terms and Conditions w here 
the Specific Definition(s) is/are necessary for the determination and calculation of a Product Amount for such Product can be found. 
When no Specific Definition(s) is/are necessary to determine a Product Amount, the applicable Final Terms shall provide that "Specific 
Definitions" are "Not applicable". 
2.3 
Variable Data 
One or more variable data are necessary to determine a Product Amount of a Product (the Variable Data). The definition(s) of the 
Variable Data that may be used for the Product Amount of a Product of any Family of Products are listed in Condition 5.4 (General 
Variable Data) below . 
The Variable Data listed in Condition 5.4 below  and that may be used in respect of one or more Products of a Family of Products are 
set out in the paragraph x.x.0 of the relevant Family of Products (e.g. 3.1.0 or 3.3.0). 
The Variable Data listed in Condition 5.4 below  relevant to a specific Product are set out below  in the paragraph "Variable Data" of 
such Product. 
In the applicable Final Terms: 
 
Depending on their respective definitions set out in Condition 5.4 below , each Variable Data can be an amount, level, 
percentage or observed value of a formula applied to the Underlying(s) of the Product. 
 
A Variable Data may depend on a specific Schedule as defined in Condition 2.1 above. For example, for the Reference of 
the Product 3.1.1 "One-Delta Products (Additive Formula)", the paragraph "Event-linked Early Expiration" refers to the 
Variable Data "BaseSettlementLevel_ESP(i)" w hich is the value of the BaseSettlementLevel_ESP on a specific Valuation 
Date (i), in respect of w hich an Early Expiration Event is deemed to have occurred, as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
If in respect of a Product Formula of a Product Amount of a specific Product, a Variable Data has a value of either 0 (zero) or 1 (one), 
or is not used or not useful or if a Variable Data is not applicable for the calculation of certain Product Amounts, then the Product 
Formula(e) as specified in the applicable Final Terms may be simplified for the purpose of improving the reading and intelligibility of 
formula(e) as further set out in Condition 2.4 below . 
2.4 
Simplifications to Product Formulae 
In the follow ing cases, the Product Formula(e) as specified in the applicable Final Terms may be simplified for the purpose of improving 
the reading and intelligibility of formula(e): 
(i) 
If a Variable Data having a value of either 0 (zero) or 1 (one), or is not used or not useful or if a Variable Data is not applicable 
to the calculation of certain Product Amount(s), then such Variable Data may be omitted from the Product Formula(e). 
(ii) 
If, as the consequence of an option not being applied, a Specific Definition, floor, cap, Variable Data, or other parameter is 
not used in the determination of the relevant Product Amount(s), then such Specific Definition, floor, cap, Variable Data or 
other parameter may be omitted from the Product Formula(e).

--- Page 258 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
258 
 
(iii) 
A parameter w hich is computed over time for the determination of the relevant Product Amount(s), may be fixed at a constant 
level. In such cases, the Specific Definition relating to this parameter may be omitted and such parameter may be replaced 
by such constant level or even omitted from the Product Formula(e) if such constant level has a value of either 0 (zero) or 1 
(one), or is not used or not useful for the calculation of such Product Amount(s). 
(iv) 
A Specific Definition used in the calculation of Product Amount(s) may be replaced by its underlying components. 
(v) 
If in respect of a Product Formula of a Product Amount of a specific Product, a Specific Definition corresponds to a constant 
value of either 0 (zero) or 1 (one), or is not used or not useful or if a Specific Definition is not applicable for the calculation of 
certain Product Amounts, then the Product Formula(e) as specified in the applicable Final Terms may be simplified for the 
purpose of improving the reading and intelligibility of formula(e). 
The follow ing examples aim to illustrate various simplifications w hich may be brought to the description of the Product Formulae used 
to determine a Product Amount. 
2.5 
Provisions relating to Applicable Rates 
The Product Formula(e) of a Product may rely on the determination of certain rates (each such rate, an "Applicable Rate" as defined 
herein). 
Each Applicable Rate is given a standard definition w hich may be amended by one or several of the follow ing provisions: 
(i) 
Each Applicable Rate may be determined according to several options: 
 
it may either follow  one of the definitions specified in the relevant section called "Definitions relating to Applicable 
Rates"; or 
 
it may be forced to a constant level over time; or 
 
it can be initially equal to a fixed rate and then vary depending on market conditions; or 
 
it can be substituted w ith a market rate (including, any successor to a market rate), w hich such rate w ill be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms and may be subject to application of a spread, w hich may be positive or negative and 
w hich w ill also be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(ii) 
An Applicable Rate w hich varies over time may be capped and/or floored and/or the initial level of such rate may be indicated  
in the applicable Final Terms. 
(iii) 
An Applicable Rate may be adjusted by an additive factor and/or a multiplicative factor, as may be indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
(iv) 
An Applicable Rate may be a linear combination of several Applicable Rates (each such Applicable Rate being determined 
as per the above options), as may be indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
(v) 
If, in respect of a Product Formula of a Product Amount of a specific Product, an Applicable Rate has a value of either 0 
(zero) or 1 (one), or is not used or not useful or if an Applicable Rate is not applicable for the calculation of certain Product 
Amounts, then Product Formula(e) as specified in the applicable Final Terms may be simplified in the applicable Final Terms 
for the purpose of improving the reading and intelligibility of formula(e). 
When several Underlying(k) are used for a Product, the above provisions may apply independently depending on each Underlying(k).  
The follow ing examples aim to illustrate some examples of definitions w hich may be applied to Applicable Rates in the description of 
the Product Formulae used to determine a Product Amount.

--- Page 259 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
259 
 
Example #1: Applicable Rate forced at a fixed level (in accordance with (i) above) 
%DistRateBasket(i) means 70% 
Example #2: introduction of a floor, a cap and mention of an initial level (in accordance with (ii) above) 
%CommissionRate(i) means, in respect of each Valuation Date(i), the annual commission rate as of such Valuation Date(i). The 
level of the annual commission rate will be determined by the Calculation Agent. %CommissionRate(i) is subject to a minimum of 0% 
and maximum of 0.5% and is initially equal to 0.2% at the Initial Valuation Date. 
Example #3: adjustment by an additive and a multiplicative factor (in accordance with (iii) above) 
%DistRate(i) means, in respect of each Valuation Date(i), the reinvestment rate of Dist(i) in the cash component of the 
UnderlyingLevel, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. It corresponds to the percentage of such Dist(i) that would be r eceived 
by a hypothetical investor located in Luxembourg, as determined and updated from time to time by the Calculation Agent., such 
percentage being (i) first decreased by 10%, then (ii) multiplied by 0.85. 
Example #4: substitution with a market rate for an Applicable Rate (in accordance with (i) above) 
%RepoRate(i) means, in respect of each Valuation Date(i), the Euribor 12-month rate on Valuation Date(i-1). RIC code: EURIBOR= 
(1Y Maturity). 
2.6 
Provisions relating to Underlying, Underlying(k), Underlying(m) and Underlying(s) 
When a Product Formula of a particular Product refers to an Underlying (Underlying(k), Underlying(m) or Underlying(s)), such 
reference may be replaced in such Product Formula by Underlying, Underlying(k), Underlying(m) or Underlying(s). 
3. 
FAMILIES OF PRODUCTS AND DESCRIPTION OF THE FAMILIES 
A list of Families of Products to w hich the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants apply and 
a description of each of the Families is set out below : 
 
Condition and Reference of 
the Product 
Family 
Description of the Family 
3.1 
Fixed Leverage 
This family includes Products w hich provide a daily 
leveraged long exposure (for Fixed Leverage Bull 
Products) or a daily leveraged short exposure (for 
Fixed Leverage Bear Products) to the performance 
(either positive or negative) of an Underlying (or a 
notional basket thereof), after deduction of certain 
replication costs and commissions from the payoff 
of the Product.  
3.2 
Turbo 
This family includes Products w hich provide a 
leveraged exposure to the performance (either 
positive or negative) of an Underlying. These 
Products embed an Event-linked Early Expiration 
feature and may, as the case may be, have an 
Exercise Price w hich varies over time.

--- Page 260 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
260 
 
3.1 
FAMILY OF FIXED LEVERAGE PRODUCTS 
A formula is set in order to calculate a reference level w hich w ill be used to determine the payoff of the Product (such reference level 
being the Leveraged Strategy Closing Level or LSCL on each Valuation Date(i). For each Fixed Leverage Product, the Leveraged 
Strategy Closing Level (for Fixed Leverage Bull Products) or the Leveraged Strategy Closing Level (for Fixed Leverage Bear Pr oducts) 
includes the leveraged mechanism of such Fixed Leverage Product as w ell as certain cost parameters. 
The Leveraged Strategy Closing Level (for Fixed Leverage Bull Products) or the Leveraged Strategy Closing Level (for Fixed Leverage 
Bear Products) is then used to determine the Product Formula. 
Set out below  is the list of Fixed Leverage Products, the reference of w hich w ill be specified in the applicable Final Terms in the 
paragraph "Reference of the Product": 
 
Reference of the Product 
Product 
3.1.1 
Fixed Leverage Bear 
3.1.2 
Fixed Leverage Bull 
3.1.3 
Fixed Leverage on Futures 
3.1.4 
Fixed Leverage Bear – Multiplicative Formula 
3.1.5 
Fixed Leverage Bull – Multiplicative Formula 
3.1.6 
Fixed Leverage on Futures – Methodology 2 
3.1.7 
Fixed Leverage on Futures – Methodology 3 
3.1.8 
Fixed Leverage Bear – Multiplicative Formula and adjusted leverage 
3.1.9 
Fixed Leverage Bull – Multiplicative Formula and adjusted leverage 
3.1.0 
Definitions relating to Applicable Rates 
%CollatCostRate(i) means [%CollatCostRateInitial as of Valuation Date(0). For each subsequent Valuation Date(i), the value of 
%CollatCostRate(i) may be amended by the Calculation Agent in order to reflect] [for each Valuation Date(i) an annual rate w hich 
shall be determined w ith respect to such Valuation Date(i) by the Calculation Agent as] the cost that w ould be incurred by the Issuer 
(or any of its affiliates) if it w ere to borrow  the ReferenceCollateralAssets (through, for example, but w ithout limitation, a securities 
lending or repurchase agreement) for an amount equal to the market value of the Warrant as of such Valuation Date(i) (as determined 
by the Calculation Agent) multiplied by PCP. 
%CommissionRate(i) means, in respect of each Valuation Date(i), the annual commission rate as of such Valuation Date(i). The 
level of the annual commission rate w ill be determined by the Calculation Agent. 
%DistRate(i) means [%DistRateInitial as of Valuation Date(0). For each subsequent Valuation Date(i), the value of %DistRate(i) may 
be amended by the Calculation Agent in order to reflect] [for each Valuation Date(i) a rate determined by the Calculation Agent as]

--- Page 261 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
261 
 
the percentage of Dist(i) that w ould be received by a hypothetical investor located in ReferenceCountry, net of any w ithholding tax, 
before application of any tax credit and assuming that such hypothetical investor does not benefit from double taxation treaties. 
%Gap&ReplicationRate(i) means [%Gap&ReplicationRateInitial as of Valuation Date(0). For each subsequent Valuation Date(i), the 
value of %Gap&ReplicationRate(i) may be amended by the Calculation Agent in order to reflect] [for each Valuation Date(i) the annual 
gap premium rate as of such Valuation Date(i), as determined by the Calculation Agent as] the cost that the Issuer (or any of  its 
affiliates) w ould charge to replicate the performance of the Leveraged Strategy, w hich includes, inter alia, the costs of hedging the 
risk of the market value of the Warrant becoming negative. 
%MarginCost(i) means [%MarginCostInitial as of Valuation Date(0). For each subsequent Valuation Date(i), the value of % 
MarginCost(i) may be amended by the Calculation Agent in order to reflect] [for each Valuation Date(i) an annual rate, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent, w hich aims to reflect] the marking costs that could be incurred by the Issuer (or any of its affiliates) w hen 
hedging the Leveraged Strategy by trading the Future Contracts. 
%QuantoRate(i) means [%QuantoRateInitial as of Valuation Date(0). For each subsequent Valuation Date(i), the value of 
%QuantoRate(i) may be amended by the Calculation Agent in order to reflect] [for each Valuation Date(i) an annual rate w hich shall 
be determined by the Calculation Agent w ith respect to such Valuation Date(i) as] the [carry] [and][/][or] [hedging] cost of the foreign 
exchange risk estimated or realised. 
%RepoRate(i) means [%RepoRateInitial as of Valuation Date(0). For each subsequent Valuation Date(i), the value of %RepoRate(i) 
may be amended by the Calculation Agent in order to reflect] [for each Valuation Date(i) an annual rate w hich shall be determined 
w ith respect to such Valuation Date(i) by the Calculation Agent as] the cost or gain that w ould be incurred by the Issuer (or any of its 
affiliates) if it w ere to borrow  or lend hedging instruments in respect of the Warrant. 
%SpreadLevel(i) means [%SpreadLevelInitial as of Valuation Date(0). For each subsequent Valuation Date(i), the value of 
%SpreadLevel(i) may be amended by the Calculation Agent in order to reflect] [for each Valuation Date(i) an annual rate w hich shall 
be determined w ith respect to such Valuation Date(i) by the Calculation Agent as] an adjustment factor w hich corresponds to the cost 
or gain that w ould be incurred by the Issuer (or any of its affiliates) if it w ere to borrow  or lend hedging instruments in r espect of the 
Warrants. 
3.1.0.1 Variable Data: 
%CollatCostRateInitial 
%DistRateInitial 
%Gap&ReplicationRateInitial 
%MarginCostInitial 
%QuantoRateInitial 
%RepoRateInitial 
%SpreadLevelInitial 
PCP 
ReferenceCollateralAssets 
ReferenceCountry 
The Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 below .

--- Page 262 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
262 
 
3.1.1 
Fixed Leverage Bear 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.1.1, the follow ing applies: 
3.1.1.0  Product Description: 
 
This Product may be subject to Event-linked Early Expiration: 
 
If an Early Expiration Event is deemed to have occurred, the Product Formula used to determine the Early 
Settlement Price relies on the then level of the Leveraged Strategy. 
 
Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final 
Settlement Price in respect of this Product is determined on the basis of the level of the Leveraged Strategy. 
 
The strategy to w hich the performance of the Warrant is linked is the Leveraged Strategy w hich consists of 
leveraged short exposure to the Underlying w ith a leverage factor (Leverage) and a hypothetical money market 
instrument. 
The notional exposure of the Leveraged Strategy to the Underlying is revised on each Valuation Date in order to take into acc ount 
the Leveraged Strategy Closing Level as of the previous Valuation Date, as further described hereinafter. 
3.1.1.1 Event-linked Early Expiration: Applicable 
Early Expiration Event is deemed to have occurred, if on any Valuation Date(i), LSCL(i) [is low er] [is higher] than [or equal to] 
BarrierLevelAutocall(i). 
Early Settlement Price(i) = Notional Amount x Product Formula(i) 
Product Formula(i) = BaseSettlementLevel_ESP + (1 / BaseAmount) x Max(InitialValue x FX(0) x Ratio(RVD(i)) x (LSCL(RVD(i)) / 
LSCL(0)) -C(RVD(i));0) x (1 / FX(RVD(i)+1)) 
3.1.1.2 Final Settlement Price: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP + (1 / BaseAmount) x Max 
(InitialValue x FX(0) x Ratio(T) x (LSCL(T) / LSCL(0)) – C(T);0) x (1 / FX(T+1)) 
3.1.1.3 Variable Data: 
BarrierLevelAutocall 
BaseAmount 
BaseCurrency 
BaseSettlementLevel_ESP 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP 
DailyRestrikePercentage 
DayCountBasisCommission 
DayCountBasisRate

--- Page 263 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
263 
 
FXSource 
FXSourceFixingTime 
InitialValue 
Leverage 
LeveragedStrategyCurrency 
LSCLInitial 
RatioInitial 
RatioResetThreshold 
RateOvernight 
RateOvernightScreenPage 
TimeReferenceClosing 
TimeReferenceOpening 
The Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 below . 
3.1.1.4 Applicable Rates: 
%CollatCostRate 
%CommissionRate 
%DistRate 
%Gap&ReplicationRate 
%QuantoRate 
%RepoRate 
The Applicable Rates are defined under Condition 3.1.0 above. 
3.1.1.5 Specific Definition(s): 
3.1.1.5.1 Specific Definitions relating to the determination of the Product Formula 
 
FX(i) 
means, for any Valuation Date(i), the spot exchange rate as of the FXSourceFixingTime to 
convert the BaseCurrency into the LeveragedStrategyCurrency in respect of such Valuation 
Date(i), as published by the FXSource, or any successor thereto. If no such rate is available 
on such Valuation Date(i), FX(i) shall be the first available spot exchange rate as of the 
FXSourceFixingTime 
to convert the BaseCurrency into the LeveragedStrategyCurrency 
follow ing such day, as published by the FXSource, or any successor thereto.

--- Page 264 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
264 
 
Ratio or Ratio(i)  
means, for each Valuation Date(i), the value of Ratio(i) in respect of each Warrant on such 
Valuation Date(i), w hich shall be the value of Ratio(i) on the Valuation Date(i-1) unless 
adjusted by the Calculation Agent in accordance w ith the follow ing provisions. 
If, on any Valuation Date(i) from, but excluding, the Initial Valuation Date to, and including, 
the Final Valuation Date: 
C(i) / IV(i) > RatioResetThreshold 
then the Calculation Agent shall adjust the value of Ratio(i) in respect of such Valuatio n 
Date(i). The Calculation Agent may also, on any Valuation Date(i) from, but excluding, the 
Initial Valuation Date to, and including, the Final Valuation Date, elect in its sole discretion to 
adjust the value of Ratio(i) in respect of such Valuation Date(i). If the Calculation Agent adjusts 
the value of Ratio(i), it shall do so in accordance w ith the follow ing formula: 
Ratio(i)= (Ratio(i -1) x LSCL(i) – CBEFORE(i) x (LSCL(0) / (InitialValue x FX(0)))) / LSCL(i) 
The initial value of Ratio(i) shall be equal to Ratio(0) = RatioInitial. 
CBEFORE(i) 
[is determined in accordance w ith the follow ing formula: 
CBEFORE(i) = C(i -1) + ((ACT(i -1;i) / DayCountBasisCommission) x (%CommissionRate(i) 
+ %Gap&ReplicationRate(i) + %CollatCostRate(i) + %QuantoRate(i)) x IntrinsicValue(i))] 
Commission(i), Commission 
or C(i)] 
means, in respect of each Valuation Date(i): 
if (i) is the Initial Valuation Date or a day on w hich the value of Ratio(i) has been adjusted in 
accordance w ith the definition of "Ratio or Ratio(i)" herein: 
0 
and otherw ise: 
C(i) = C(i-1) + (ACT(i-1;i) / DayCountBasisCommission) x (%CommissionRate(i) + 
%Gap&ReplicationRate(i) + %CollatCostRate(i) + %QuantoRate(i)) x IntrinsicValue(i) 
Intrinsic 
Value, 
IntrinsicValue(i) or IV(i) 
means, in respect of each Valuation Date(i), an amount determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance w ith the follow ing formula: 
IntrinsicValue(i) = Max(InitialValue x FX(0) x Ratio(i-1) x (LSCL(i) / LSCL(0)) – C(i-1);0) 
3.1.1.5.2 Specific Definitions relating to the Leveraged Strategy 
 
AdjPrice(i-1) 
is determined, for each Valuation Date(i), according to the follow ing formula: 
Price(i-1) -%DistRate(i) x Dist(i) 
CashRate or CashRate(i)  
means, for each Valuation Date(i): 
(1) 
the level of the RateOvernight for such Valuation Date(i); or 
(2) 
the last available level displayed of RateOvernight, if a level of RateOvernight dated 
as of such Valuation Date(i), 
in both cases as determined by the Calculation Agent provided that if in the case of (2) above 
RateOvernight is not displayed on the RateOvernightScreenPage (or, if applicable, any

--- Page 265 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
265 
 
successor service or page used by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of ascertaining such 
rate) for a period of more than 7 Valuation Dates and such rate is, in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent, reasonably expected to be discontinued (such rate then being the 
"Discontinued Rate") then the Calculation Agent shall determine CashRate(i) (a) by selecting 
a successor rate for such Discontinued Rate w hich offers similar economic characteristics to 
the Discontinued Rate or, if the Calculation Agent determines that no such successor rate 
exists, (b) on the basis of the cost that Societe Generale w ould charge or be charged to 
borrow  cash in the LeveragedStrategyCurrency on an overnight basis. 
Leveraged Strategy Closing 
Level or LSCL(i)  
means, for any Valuation Date(i), the Closing Level of the Leveraged Strategy as of such day 
(i), as such level may be adjusted in accordance w ith the terms of Condition 3.1.1.5.4 of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants. 
Subject to the occurrence of an Intraday Restrike Event (follow ing w hich the Leveraged 
Strategy Closing Level w ill be determined in accordance w ith Condition 3.1.1.5.4 of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants), for each 
Valuation Date(i), the Leveraged Strategy Closing Level as of such Valuation Date(i) is 
calculated in accordance w ith the follow ing formulae:  
 
on Valuation Date(0): 
LSCL(0) = LSCLInitial 
on each subsequent Valuation Date(i): 
LSCL(i) = Max(LSCL(i-1) x (1 + Leverage x ((Price(i) / AdjPrice(i-1)) -1) + (1-Leverage) x 
Rate(i-1) x ACT(i-1,i) / DayCountBasisRate),0) 
For the purposes of determining LSCL(i) on a Valuation Date immediately follow ing an 
Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day, references to (i-1) in the formula of LSCL(i) above 
shall be deemed to be references to (i') (as defined in Condition 3.1.1.5.4 of the Additional 
Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants). 
For each Valuation Date(i) and each Calculation Time(v), the Leveraged Strategy Level as 
of such Calculation Time(v) is calculated in accordance w ith the follow ing formula: 
[LSL(i,v) = LSCL(i-1) x (1 + Rate(i-1))^(ACT(i-1,i)-1) x (ERLSL(i,v) / ERLSCL(i-1) + Rate(i-1))] 
[LSL(i,v) = LSCL(i-1) x (1 + Rate(i))^(ACT(i-1,i)-1) x (ERLSL(i,v) / ERLSCL(i-1) + Rate(i))] 
Leveraged Strategy Level or 
LSL(i,v)  
means, for any Valuation Date(i) and any Calculation Time(v), the latest level of the 
Leveraged Strategy as of such Calculation Time(v), as such level may be adjusted in 
accordance w ith the terms of Condition 3.1.1.5.4 of the Additional Terms and Conditions 
relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants. 
Subject to the occurrence of an Intraday Restrike Event (follow ing w hich the Leveraged 
Strategy Level w ill be determined in accordance w ith Condition 3.1.1.5.4 of the Additional 
Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants), for each Valuation 
Date(i) and each Calculation Time(v), the Leveraged Strategy Level as of such Calculation 
Time(v) is calculated in accordance w ith the follow ing formula: 
[LSL(i,v) = Max(LSCL(i-1) x (1+ Leverage x ((Price(i,v) / AdjPrice(i-1)) -1) + (1-Leverage) x 
Rate(i-1 ) x ACT(i-1,i) / DayCountBasisRate),0)] 
[LSL(i,v) = LSCL(i-1) x (1 + Rate(i))^(ACT(i-1,i)-1) x (ERLSL(i,v) / ERLSCL(i-1) + Rate(i))]

--- Page 266 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
266 
 
Rate or Rate(i)  
means, for each Valuation Date(i), an annual rate calculated as of such day in accordance 
w ith the follow ing formula: 
Rate(i) = CashRate(i) – (Leverage / (Leverage – 1)) x %RepoRate(i) 
Price(i)  
means, in respect of each Valuation Date(i), the Reference Price of the Underlying as of such 
Valuation Date(i), subject to the adjustments and provisions of the Additional Terms and 
Conditions relating to such Underlying. 
Price(i,v)  
means, in respect of each Valuation Date(i) and Calculation Time(v), 
[If the Underlying is a Share, an Index, a Depositary Receipt (DR), an Exchange Traded Fund 
(ETF), a Foreign Exchange Rate, a Commodity, or a Commodity Index] 
[the Intraday Price of the Underlying as of such Valuation Date(i) and Calculation Time(v).] 
[For any other type of Underlying] 
[the latest available price, level or rate (as the case may be) of the Underlying published on 
the relevant [Exchange] [Price Source] [provide details on relevant source] as of such 
Valuation Date (i) and Calculation Time (v).] 
Calculation Time  
means w ith respect to the Underlying, any time betw een the TimeReferenceOpening and the 
TimeReferenceClosing, provided that the relevant data is available to enable the Calculation 
Agent to determine the Leveraged Strategy Level. 
3.1.1.5.3 Distributions and corporate actions affecting the Underlying: Specific Definitions  
 
Dist(i) 
means Dist(i-1, i) 
Underlying Distributions, or 
Dist(i1,i2)  
means, for any dates (i1) and (i2), the sum of all Gross Ordinary Distributions paid in respect 
of the Underlying, w hich have an ex date betw een (i1) (excluded) and (i2) (included). 
[If such Gross Ordinary Distribution is not denominated in the currency of the Underlying, this 
Gross Ordinary Distribution w ill be converted into such currency by the Calculation Agent 
using the latest available spot exchange rate as of the FXSourceFixingTime as published on 
the Valuation Date immediately preceding the relevant Valuation Date(i) by the FXSource. If  
no such rate is available on the Valuation Date immediately preceding such Valuation Date(i), 
such rate shall be the first available spot exchange rate as of the FXSourceFixingTime to 
convert such Gross Ordinary Distribution into the Currency of the Underlying follow ing such 
Valuation Date(i), as published by the FXSource, or any successor service or page used by 
the Calculation Agent for the purposes of ascertaining such rate.] 
3.1.1.5.4 Extraordinary Strategy Adjustment for Performance Reasons  
 
(i')  
means the Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day w hich corresponds to the Intraday Restrike 
Event immediately preceding the Calculation Time(v). 
AdjPrice(i')  
is determined according to the follow ing formula:

--- Page 267 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
267 
 
AdjPrice(i' ) = Price(i',VREF(v)) – %DistRate(CRD) x Dist(i',CRD) 
AdjPrice(i(REF)) 
means: 
(1) 
if i(REF) is an Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day, then: 
AdjPrice(i(REF)) = Price(i'',v1) – %DistRate(i') x Dist(i'',i') 
(2) 
or otherw ise: 
AdjPrice(i(REF)) = Price(i'-1) – %DistRate(i') x Dist(i'-1,i') 
Extraordinary 
Strategy 
Adjustment for Performance 
Reasons 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Intraday Restrike Event has occurred at a 
Calculation Time(v) during a Valuation Date(i), an adjustment (an Extraordinary Strategy 
Adjustment for Performance Reasons) shall take place during such Valuation Date(i) in 
accordance w ith the follow ing provisions. 
The real time calculation of the Leveraged Strategy shall be suspended during the Intraday 
Restrike Event Observation Period and resume in accordance w ith Condition 3.1.1.5.4 of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants w ithin 15 
minutes follow ing the end of such Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period (the point of 
such resumption being the Calculation Resume Time and the day on w hich such resumption 
occurs being the Calculation Resume Day or CRD). Should the end of the Intraday Restrike 
Event Observation Period occur less than 15 minutes before the TimeReferenceClosing on 
the Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day, the Calculation Resume Time shall be the 
TimeReferenceClosing w hich immediately follow s the end of the Intraday Restrike Event 
Observation Period. 
On each Calculation Resume Day, from the Calculation Resume Time, LSCL(CRD) and 
LSL(CRD,v) w ill be determined as follow s: 
For each Calculation Time(v) during such Calculation Resume Day follow ing the end of the 
Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period, the Leveraged Strategy is calculated according 
to the follow ing formula: 
LSL(CRD,v) = LSL(i',VREF(v)) x (1 + Leverage x ((Price(CRD,v) / AdjPrice(i')) – 1) + (1 – 
Leverage) x Rate(i') x ACT(i',CRD) / DayCountBasisRate) 
and at the TimeReferenceClosing of such Calculation Resume Day: 
LSCL(CRD) = LSL(i',VREF(v)) x (1 + Leverage x ((Price(CRD) / AdjPrice(i')) – 1) + (1 – 
Leverage) x Rate(i') x ACT(i',CRD) / DayCountBasisRate) 
i(REF) 
means the latest of (1) the Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day immediately preceding (i') 
in w hich case i(REF) is referred to as (i'') and the latest Intraday Restrike Event Reference 
Time on such Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day is referred to as (v1) and (2) the 
Valuation Date w hich immediately precedes (i') in w hich case i(REF) is referred to as (i'-1). 
Intraday Reference Level 
means, in respect of Valuation Date(i) and a Calculation Time(v), the Underlying level as of 
(1) the last Intraday Restrike Event Reference Time preceding and excluding such Calculation 
Time(v) or (2) if no Intraday Restrike Event has occurred on such day, the closing level of the 
Underlying on the immediately preceding Valuation Date.

--- Page 268 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
268 
 
Intraday Restrike Event  
means, in respect of a Valuation Date(i), the increase at a Calculation Time(v) of the 
Underlying level above the DailyRestrikePercentage of the relevant Intraday Reference Level 
at such Calculation Time. 
Intraday 
Restrike 
Event 
Observation Period  
means in respect of an Intraday Restrike Event, the period starting on and excluding the 
Intraday Restrike Event Time and finishing on and including the time falling 15 minutes after 
the Intraday Restrike Event Time. 
Where, during such 15 minute period, the Calculation Agent determines that (1) (if the 
Underlying is an Index or a SGI Index) the level of the Underlying is not disseminated by the 
Underlying Sponsor or, the Underlying Calculation Agent, as the case may be or (2) (for any 
type of Underlying including, for the avoidance of doubt, an Index or a SGI Index) the 
Exchange or the Related Exchange is not open for continuous trading, the Intraday Restrike 
Event Observation Period w ill be extended to the extent necessary until (1) (if the Underlying 
is an Index or a SGI Index) the level of the Underlying is calculated and disseminated by the 
Underlying Sponsor or the Underlying Calculation Agent, as the case may be and (2) (for any 
type of Underlying including, for the avoidance of doubt, an Index or a SGI Index) the 
Exchange and the Related Exchange are open for continuous trading for an aggregate period 
of 15 minutes. 
If 
the 
Intraday 
Restrike 
Event 
Observation 
Period 
w ould 
not 
end 
by 
the 
TimeReferenceClosing: (1) such day w ill not be a Valuation Date for the purposes of 
determining any element of the Leveraged Strategy, except (a) for the purpose of calculating 
LSL(i',vREF(v)) and AdjPrice(i') (and the constituent parts thereof) corresponding to the 
applicable Intraday Restrike Event and (b) for the purpose of calculating LSL(i',vREF(v)) and 
AdjPrice(i') (and the constituent parts thereof) w ith respect to any previous Intraday Restrike 
Event that has occurred on such day, if any; and (2) such Intraday Restrike Event Observation 
Period shall be extended to the follow ing Valuation Date to the extent necessary until the 
Calculation Agent determines that (a) (if the Underlying is an Index or a SGI Index) the level 
of the Underlying is calculated and disseminated by the Underlying Sponsor or, the Underlying 
Calculation Agent, as the case may be and (b) (for any type of Underlying including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, an Index or a SGI Index) the Exchange and the Related Exchange are 
open for continuous trading for an aggregate period of 15 minutes. 
For the purpose of determining the Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period only, the 
Exchange shall not be considered to be open for continuous trading during its closing auction 
period (as provided under the rules of the Exchange). 
Intraday 
Restrike 
Event 
Reference Day  
means, in respect of an Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period, the day on w hich the 
Intraday Restrike Event Reference Time occurs. 
Intraday 
Restrike 
Event 
Reference Time  
means, [in respect of an Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period, the Calculation Time on 
w hich the Leveraged Strategy Level reaches its low est value during such period.] [the end of 
the Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period.] 
Intraday Restrike Event Time  
means in respect of an Intraday Restrike Event, the Calculation Time on w hich such event 
occurs. 
LSL(i',VREF(v))  
is calculated in accordance w ith the follow ing formulae: 
(1) 
w here, in respect of an Intraday Restrike Event, one or more Intraday Restrike Event 
Times have previously occurred w ith an Intraday Restrike Event Reference Time

--- Page 269 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
269 
 
occurring on (i'), then (w ith the latest Intraday Restrike Event Reference Time, 
immediately preceding VREF(v), being "v1"): 
LSL(i',VREF(v)) = LSL(i',v1) x (1 + Leverage x ((Price(i',VREF(v)) / Price(i',v1)) – 1)) 
Where LSL(i',v1) is determined in accordance w ith Condition 3.1.1.5.4 of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants but 
w ith "VREF(v)" replaced by "v1". 
(2) 
in circumstances other than those set out in (1): 
LSL(i',VREF(v)) 
= LSLREF(i(REF)) 
x (1 + Leverage x ((Price(i',VREF(v)) 
/ 
AdjPrice(i(REF))) 
-1) + 
(1-Leverage) 
x Rate(i(REF)) 
x (ACT(i(REF),i') 
/ 
DayCountBasisRate)) 
LSLREF(i(REF))  
means, if i(REF) is an Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day then LSL(i'',v1); or otherw ise 
LSCL(i'-1). 
[Price(i',VREF(v))] 
[means the time w eighted average price of the Underlying during the Intraday Restrike Event 
Observation Period.] 
VREF(v)  
means the latest Intraday Restrike Event Reference Time preceding, and excluding,  
Calculation Time(v). 
3.1.2 
Fixed Leverage Bull 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.1.2, the follow ing applies: 
3.1.2.0 Product Description: 
(i) 
This Product may be subject to Event-linked Early Expiration: 
 
If an Early Expiration Event is deemed to have occurred, the Product Formula used to determine the Early 
Settlement Price relies on the then level of the Leveraged Strategy 
 
Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final 
Settlement Price in respect of this Product is determined on the basis of the level of the Leveraged Strategy. 
The strategy to w hich the performance of the Warrant is linked is the Leveraged Strategy w hich consists of leveraged exposure to 
the Underlying w ith a leverage factor Leverage and a hypothetical money market instrument. 
The notional exposure of the Leveraged Strategy to the Underlying is revised on each Valuation Date in order to take into acc ount 
the Leveraged Strategy Closing Level as of the previous Valuation Date, as further described hereinafter. 
3.1.2.1 Event-linked Early Expiration: Applicable 
Early Expiration Event is deemed to have occurred, if on any Valuation Date(i), LSCL(i) [is low er] [is higher] than [or equal to] 
BarrierLevelAutocall(i). 
Early Settlement Price(i) = Notional Amount x Product Formula(i) 
Product Formula(i) = BaseSettlementLevel_ESP + (1 / BaseAmount) x Max(InitialValue x FX(0) x Ratio(RVD(i)) x (LSCL(RVD(i)) / 
LSCL(0)) -C(RVD(i));0) x (1 / FX(RVD(i)+1))

--- Page 270 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
270 
 
3.1.2.2 Final Settlement Price: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP 
+ (1 / BaseAmount) x Max(InitialValue 
x FX(0) x Ratio(T) x (LSCL(T) / 
LSCL(0)) -C(T);0) x (1 / FX(T+1)) 
3.1.2.3 Variable Data: 
BarrierLevelAutocall 
BaseAmount 
BaseCurrency 
BaseSettlementLevel_ESP 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP 
DailyRestrikePercentage 
DayCountBasisCommission 
DayCountBasisRate 
FXSource 
FXSourceFixingTime 
InitialValue 
Leverage 
LeveragedStrategyCurrency 
LSCLInitial 
RatioInitial 
RatioResetThreshold 
RateOvernight 
RateOvernightScreenPage 
TimeReferenceClosing 
TimeReferenceOpening 
The Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 below . 
3.1.2.4 Applicable Rates: 
%CollatCostRate 
%CommissionRate

--- Page 271 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
271 
 
%DistRate 
%Gap&ReplicationRate 
%QuantoRate 
%SpreadLevel 
The Applicable Rates are defined under Condition 3.1.0 above. 
3.1.2.5 Specific Definition(s): 
3.1.2.5.1 Specific Definitions relating to the determination of the Product Formula 
 
FX(i) 
means, for any Valuation Date(i), the spot exchange rate as of the FXSourceFixingTime to 
convert the BaseCurrency into the LeveragedStrategyCurrency in respect of such Valuation 
Date(i), as published by the FXSource, or any successor thereto. If no such rate is available 
on such Valuation Date(i), FX(i) shall be the first available spot exchange rate as of the 
FXSourceFixingTime 
to convert the BaseCurrency into the LeveragedStrategyCurrency 
follow ing such day, as published by the FXSource, or any successor thereto.  
Ratio or Ratio(i)  
means, for each Valuation Date(i), the value of Ratio(i) in respect of each Warrant on such 
Valuation Date(i), w hich shall be the value of Ratio(i) on the Valuation Date(i-1) unless 
adjusted by the Calculation Agent in accordance w ith the follow ing provisions. 
If, on any Valuation Date(i) from, but excluding, the Initial Valuation Date to, and including, 
the Final Valuation Date: 
C(i) / IV(i) > RatioResetThreshold 
then the Calculation Agent shall adjust the value of Ratio(i) in respect of such Valuation 
Date(i). The Calculation Agent may also, on any Valuation Date(i) from, but excluding, the 
Initial Valuation Date to, and including, the Final Valuation Date, elect in its sole discretion to 
adjust the value of Ratio(i) in respect of such Valuation Date(i). If the Calculation Agent adjusts 
the value of Ratio(i), it shall do so in accordance w ith the follow ing formula: 
Ratio(i)= (Ratio(i -1) x LSCL(i) – CBEFORE(i) x (LSCL(0) / (InitialValue xFX(0)))) / LSCL(i) 
The initial value of Ratio(i) shall be equal to Ratio(0) = RatioInitial. 
CBEFORE(i)  
is determined in accordance w ith the follow ing formula: 
CBEFORE(i) = C(i -1) + ((ACT(i -1;i) / DayCountBasisCommission) x (%CommissionRat e(i) 
+ %Gap&ReplicationRate(i) + %CollatCostRate(i) + %QuantoRate(i)) x IntrinsicValue(i)) 
Commission(i), Commission 
or C(i) 
means, in respect of each Valuation Date(i): 
if (i) is the Initial Valuation Date or a day on w hich the value of Ratio(i) has been adjusted in 
accordance w ith the definition of "Ratio or Ratio(i)" herein: 
0 
and otherw ise: 
C(i) = C(i-1) + (ACT(i-1;i) / DayCountBasisCommission) 
x (%CommissionRate(i) 
+ 
%Gap&ReplicationRate(i) + %CollatCostRate(i) + %QuantoRate(i)) x IntrinsicValue(i)

--- Page 272 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
272 
 
Intrinsic 
Value, 
IntrinsicValue(i) or IV(i) 
means in respect of each Valuation Date(i), an amount determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance w ith the follow ing formula: 
IntrinsicValue(i) = Max(InitialValue x FX(0) x Ratio(i-1) x (LSCL(i) / LSCL(0)) – C(i-1);0) 
3.1.2.5.2 Specific Definitions relating to the Leveraged Strategy 
 
AdjPrice(i-1)  
is determined, for each Valuation Date(i), according to the follow ing formula: 
Price(i-1) -%DistRate(i) x Dist(i) 
CashRate or CashRate(i)  
means, for each Valuation Date(i): 
(1) 
the level of the RateOvernight for such Valuation Date(i); or 
(2) 
the last available level displayed of RateOvernight, if a level of RateOvernight dated 
as of such Valuation Date(i), 
in both cases as determined by the Calculation Agent provided that if in the case of (2) above 
RateOvernight is not displayed on the RateOvernightScreenPage (or, if applicable, any 
successor service or page used by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of ascertaining such 
rate) for a period of more than 7 Valuation Dates and such rate is, in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent, reasonably expected to be discontinued (such rate then being the 
Discontinued Rate) then the Calculation Agent shall determine CashRate(i) (a) by selecting 
a successor rate for such Discontinued Rate w hich offers similar economic characteristics to 
the Discontinued Rate or, if the Calculation Agent determines that no such successor rate 
exists, (b) on the basis of the cost that Societe Generale w ould charge or be charged to 
borrow  cash in the LeveragedStrategyCurrency on an overnight basis. 
Leveraged Strategy Closing 
Level or LSCL(i) 
means, for any Valuation Date(i), the Closing Level of the Leveraged Strategy as of such day 
(i), as such level may be adjusted in accordance w ith the terms of Condition 3.1.2.5.4 of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants. 
Subject to the occurrence of an Intraday Restrike Event (follow ing w hich the Leveraged 
Strategy Closing Level w ill be determined in accordance w ith Condition 3.1.2.5.4 of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants), for each 
Valuation Date(i), the Leveraged Strategy Closing Level as of such Valuation Date(i) is 
calculated in accordance w ith the follow ing formulae: 
On Valuation Date(0): 
LSCL(0) = LSCLInitial 
On each subsequent Valuation Date(i): 
LSCL(i) = Max(LSCL(i-1) x (1 + Leverage x ((Price(i) / AdjPrice(i-1)) -1) + (1-Leverage) x 
Rate(i-1) x ACT(i-1,i) / DayCountBasisRate),0) 
For the purposes of determining LSCL(i) on a Valuation Date immediately follow ing an 
Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day, references to (i-1) in the formula of LSCL(i) above 
shall be deemed to be references to (i') (as defined in Condition 3.1.2.5.4 of the Additional 
Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants). 
Leveraged Strategy Level or 
LSL(i,v) 
means, for any Valuation Date(i) and any Calculation Time(v), the latest level of the 
Leveraged Strategy as of such Calculation Time(v), as such level may be adjusted in

--- Page 273 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
273 
 
accordance w ith the terms of Condition 3.1.2.5.4 of the Additional Terms and Conditions 
relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants. 
Subject to the occurrence of an Intraday Restrike Event (follow ing w hich the Leveraged 
Strategy Level w ill be determined in accordance w ith Condition 3.1.2.5.4 of the Additional 
Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants), for each Valuation 
Date(i) and each Calculation Time(v), the Leveraged Strategy Level as of such Calculation 
Time(v) is calculated in accordance w ith the follow ing formula: 
LSL(i,v) = Max(LSCL(i-1) x (1+ Leverage x ((Price(i,v) / AdjPrice(i-1)) -1) + (1-Leverage) x 
Rate(i-1 ) x ACT(i-1,i) / DayCountBasisRate),0) 
Rate or Rate(i)  
means, for each Valuation Date(i), an annual rate calculated as of such day in accordance 
w ith the follow ing formula: 
Rate(i) = CashRate(i) + %SpreadLevel(i) 
Price(i)  
means, in respect of each Valuation Date(i), the Reference Price of the Underlying as of such 
Valuation Date(i), subject to the adjustments and provisions of the Additional Terms and 
Conditions relating to such Underlying. 
Price(i,v)  
means, in respect of each Valuation Date(i) and Calculation Time(v), 
[If the Underlying is a Share, an Index, a Depositary Receipt (DR), an Exchange Traded Fund 
(ETF), a Foreign Exchange Rate, a Commodity, or a Commodity Index] 
[the Intraday Price of the Underlying as of such Valuation Date(i) and Calculation Time(v).] 
[For any other type of Underlying] 
[the latest available price, level or rate (as the case may be) of the Underlying published on 
the relevant [Exchange] [Price Source][provide details on relevant source] as of such 
Valuation Date (i) and Calculation Time (v).] 
Calculation Time  
means w ith respect to the Underlying, any time betw een the TimeReferenceOpening and the 
TimeReferenceClosing, provided that the relevant data is available to enable the Calculation 
Agent to determine the Leveraged Strategy Level. 
3.1.2.5.3 Distributions and corporate actions affecting the Underlying: Specific Definitions  
 
Dist(i) 
means Dist(i-1, i) 
Underlying Distributions, or 
Dist(i1,i2) 
means, for any dates (i1) and (i2), the sum of all Gross Ordinary Distributions, paid in respect 
of the Underlying, w hich have an ex date betw een (i1) (excluded) and (i2) (included). 
[If such Gross Ordinary Distribution is not denominated in the currency of the Underlying, this 
Gross Ordinary Distribution w ill be converted into such currency by the Calculation Agent 
using the latest available spot exchange rate as of the FXSourceFixingTime as published on 
the Valuation Date immediately preceding the relevant Valuation Date(i) by the FXSource. If  
no such rate is available on the Valuation Date immediately preceding such Valuation Date(i), 
such rate shall be the first available spot exchange rate as of the FXSourceFixingTime to 
convert such Gross Ordinary Distribution into the Currency of the Underlying follow ing such

--- Page 274 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
274 
 
Valuation Date(i), as published by the FXSource, or any successor service or page used by 
the Calculation Agent for the purposes of ascertaining such rate.] 
3.1.2.5.4 Extraordinary Strategy Adjustment for Performance Reasons  
 
(i')  
means the Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day w hich corresponds to the Intraday Restrike 
Event immediately preceding the Calculation Time(v). 
AdjPrice(i')  
is determined according to the follow ing formula: 
AdjPrice(i' ) = Price(i',VREF(v)) – %DistRate(CRD) x Dist(i',CRD) 
AdjPrice(i(REF))  
Means: 
(1) 
if i(REF) is an Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day; then 
AdjPrice(i(REF)) = Price(i'',v1) – %DistRate(i') x Dist(i'',i') 
otherw ise: 
(2) 
AdjPrice(i(REF)) = Price(i'-1) – %DistRate(i') x Dist(i'-1,i'). 
Extraordinary 
Strategy 
Adjustment for Performance 
Reasons 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Intraday Restrike Event has occurred at a 
Calculation Time(v) during a Valuation Date(i), an adjustment (an Extraordinary Strategy 
Adjustment for Performance Reasons) shall take place during such Valuation Date(i) in 
accordance w ith the follow ing provisions. 
The real time calculation of the Leveraged Strategy shall be suspended during the Intraday 
Restrike Event Observation Period and resume in accordance w ith Condition 3.1.2.5.4 of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants w ithin 15 
minutes follow ing the end of such Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period (the point of 
such resumption being the Calculation Resume Time and the day on w hich such resumption 
occurs being the Calculation Resume Day or CRD). Should the end of the Intraday Restrike 
Event Observation Period occur less than 15 minutes before the TimeReferenceClosing on 
the Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day, the Calculation Resume Time shall be the 
TimeReferenceClosing w hich immediately follow s the end of the Intraday Restrike Event 
Observation Period. 
On each Calculation Resume Day, from the Calculation Resume Time, LSCL(CRD) and 
LSL(CRD,v) w ill be determined as follow s: 
For each Calculation Time(v) during such Calculation Resume Day follow ing the end of the 
Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period, the Leveraged Strategy is calculated according 
to the follow ing formula: 
LSL(CRD,v) = LSL(i',VREF(v)) x (1 + Leverage x ((Price(CRD,v) / AdjPrice(i')) – 1) + (1 – 
Leverage) x Rate(i') x ACT(i',CRD) / DayCountBasisRate) 
And at the TimeReferenceClosing of such Calculation Resume Day: 
LSCL(CRD) = LSL(i',VREF(v)) x (1 + Leverage x ((Price(CRD) / AdjPrice(i')) – 1) + (1 – 
Leverage) x Rate(i') x ACT(i',CRD) / DayCountBasisRate) 
i(REF) 
means the latest of (1) the Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day immediately preceding (i') 
in w hich case i(REF) is referred to as (i'') and the latest Intraday Restrike Event Reference

--- Page 275 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
275 
 
Time on such Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day is referred to as (v1) and (2) the 
Valuation Date w hich immediately precedes (i') in w hich case i(REF) is referred to as (i'-1). 
Intraday Reference Level  
means in respect of Valuation Date(i) and a Calculation Time(v), the Underlying level as of 
(1) the last Intraday Restrike Event Reference Time preceding and excluding such Calculation 
Time(v) or (2) if no Intraday Restrike Event has occurred on such day, the closing level of the 
Underlying on the immediately preceding Valuation Date. 
Intraday Restrike Event  
means in respect of a Valuation Date(i), the decrease at a Calculation Time(v) of the 
Underlying level below  the DailyRestrikePercentage of the relevant Intraday Reference Level 
at such Calculation Time. 
Intraday 
Restrike 
Event 
Observation Period  
means in respect of an Intraday Restrike Event, the period starting on and excluding the 
Intraday Restrike Event Time and finishing on and including the time falling 15 minutes after 
the Intraday Restrike Event Time. 
Where, during such 15 minute period, the Calculation Agent determines that (1) (if the 
Underlying is an Index or a SGI Index) the level of the Underlying is not disseminated by the 
Underlying Sponsor or, the Underlying Calculation Agent, as the case may be or (2) (for any 
type of Underlying including, for the avoidance of doubt, an Index or a SGI Index) the 
Exchange or the Related Exchange is not open for continuous trading, the Intraday Restrike 
Event Observation Period w ill be extended to the extent necessary until (a) (if the Underlying 
is an Index or a SGI Index) the level of the Underlying is calculated and disseminated by the 
Underlying Sponsor or, the Underlying Calculation Agent, as the case may be and (b) (for any 
type of Underlying including, for the avoidance of doubt, an Index or a SGI Index) the 
Exchange and the Related Exchange are open for continuous trading for an aggregate period 
of 15 minutes. 
If 
the 
Intraday 
Restrike 
Event 
Observation 
Period 
w ould 
not 
end 
by 
the 
TimeReferenceClosing: (1) such day w ill not be a Valuation Date for the purposes of 
determining any element of the Leveraged Strategy, except (a) for the purpose of calculating 
LSL(i',vREF(v)) and AdjPrice(i') (and the constituent parts thereof) corresponding to the 
applicable Intraday Restrike Event and (b) for the purpose of calculating LSL(i',vREF(v)) and 
AdjPrice(i') (and the constituent parts thereof) w ith respect to any previous Intraday Restrike 
Event that has occurred on such day, if any; and (2) such Intraday Restrike Event Observation 
Period shall be extended to the follow ing Valuation Date to the extent necessary until the 
Calculation Agent determines that (a) (if the Underlying is an Index or a SGI Index) the level 
of the Underlying is calculated and disseminated by the Underlying Sponsor or, the Underlying 
Calculation Agent, as the case may be and (b) (for any type of Underlying including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, an Index or a SGI Index) the Exchange and the Related Exchange are 
open for continuous trading for an aggregate period of 15 minutes. 
For the purpose of determining the Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period only, the 
Exchange shall not be considered to be open for continuous trading during its closing auction 
period (as provided under the rules of the Exchange). 
Intraday 
Restrike 
Event 
Reference Day  
means in respect of an Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period, the day on w hich the 
Intraday Restrike Event Reference Time occurs. 
Intraday 
Restrike 
Event 
Reference Time  
means [in respect of an Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period, the Calculation Time on 
w hich the Leveraged Strategy Level reaches its low est value during such period] [the end of 
the Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period].

--- Page 276 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
276 
 
Intraday Restrike Event Time  
means in respect of an Intraday Restrike Event, the Calculation Time on w hich such event 
occurs. 
LSL(i',VREF(v))  
is calculated in accordance w ith the follow ing formulae: 
(1) 
w here, in respect of an Intraday Restrike Event, one or more Intraday Restrike Event 
Times have previously occurred w ith an Intraday Restrike Event Reference Time 
occurring on (i'), then (w ith the latest Intraday Restrike Event Reference Time 
immediately preceding VREF(v) being "v1"): 
LSL(i',VREF(v)) = LSL(i',v1) x (1 + Leverage x ((Price(i',VREF(v)) /Price(i',v1)) – 1)) 
Where LSL(i',v1) is determined in accordance w ith Condition 3.1.2.5.4 of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants but 
w ith "VREF(v)" replaced by "v1". 
(2) 
In circumstances other than those set out in (1): 
LSL(i',VREF(v)) 
= LSLREF(i(REF)) 
x (1 + Leverage x ((Price(i',VREF(v)) 
/ 
AdjPrice(i(REF))) 
-1) + 
(1-Leverage) 
x Rate(i(REF)) 
x (ACT(i(REF),i') 
/ 
DayCountBasisRate)) 
LSLREF(i(REF))  
means, if i(REF) is an Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day; then LSL(i'',v1); or otherw ise 
LSCL(i'-1). 
[Price(i',VREF(v))] 
[means the time w eighted average price of the Underlying during the Intraday Restrike Event 
Observation Period.] 
VREF(v) 
means the latest Intraday Restrike Event Reference Time preceding, and excluding, 
Calculation Time(v). 
3.1.3 
Fixed Leverage on Futures 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.1.3, the follow ing applies: 
3.1.3.0 Product Description: 
 
This Product may be subject to Event-linked Early Expiration: 
 
If an Early Expiration Event is deemed to have occurred, the Product Formula used to determine the Early 
Settlement Price relies on the then level of the Leveraged Strategy. 
 
Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final 
Settlement Price in respect of this Product is determined on the basis of the level of the Leveraged Strategy. 
The strategy to w hich the performance of the Warrant is linked is the Leveraged Strategy w hich consists of leveraged exposure to 
the price of the future contract w ith a Leverage factor "Leverage" and a hypothetical money market instrument. 
The notional exposure of the Leveraged Strategy to the price of the future contract is revised on each Valuation Date in order to take 
into account the Leveraged Strategy Closing Level as of the previous Valuation Date, as further described hereinafter.

--- Page 277 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
277 
 
3.1.3.1 Event-linked Early Expiration: Applicable 
Early Expiration Event is deemed to have occurred, if on any Valuation Date(i), LSCL(i) [is low er] [is higher] than [or equal to] 
BarrierLevelAutocall(i). 
Early Settlement Price(i) = Notional Amount x Product Formula(i) 
Product Formula(i) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP + (1 / BaseAmount) x Max(InitialValue x (FX(0) / FX(RVD(i))) x (LSCL(RVD(i)) / 
LSCL(0)) x Hedging Fees Factor(i);0) 
3.1.3.2 Final Settlement Price: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP + (1 / BaseAmount) x Max(InitialV alue x (FX(0) / FX(T)) x (LSCL(T) / LSCL(0)) x 
Hedging Fees Factor(T);0) 
3.1.3.3 Variable Data: 
BarrierLevelAutocall 
BaseAmount 
BaseCurrency 
BaseSettlementLevel_ESP 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP 
BSCLInitial 
ContractTable1 
ContractTable2 
DailyRestrikePercentage 
DayCountBasisCommission 
DayCountBasisRate 
ERLSCLInitial 
FXSource 
InitialValue 
Leverage 
LeveragedStrategyCurrency 
LSCLInitial 
RateOvernight 
RateOvernightScreenPage

--- Page 278 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
278 
 
RollEndDate 
RollStartDate 
TimeReferenceClosing 
TimeReferenceOpening 
The Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 below . 
3.1.3.4 Applicable Rates: 
%CollatCostRate 
%CommissionRate 
%Gap&ReplicationRate 
%QuantoRate 
%MarginCost 
The Applicable Rates are defined under Condition 3.1.0 above. 
3.1.3.5 Specific Definition(s): 
3.1.3.5.1 Specific Definitions relating to the determination of the Product Formula 
 
ACT(i-1;i) 
Means the number of calendar days betw een the Valuation Date(i-1) (included) and the 
Valuation Date(i) (excluded) 
FX(i) 
means, for any Valuation Date(i), the closing spot exchange rate to convert the BaseCurrency 
into the LeveragedStrategyCurrency in respect of such Valuation Date(i), as published by the 
FXSource, or any successor thereto. If no such rate is available on such Valuation Date(i), 
FX(i) shall be the first available closing spot exchange rate to convert the BaseCurrency into 
the LeveragedStrategyCurrency follow ing such day, as published by the FXSource, or any 
successor thereto or, in the absence of such successor, such other primary source as  the 
Calculation Agent deems appropriate. 
Hedging Fees Factor(i) 
(i from 1 to T) 
means: 
Product(for t from 1 to i) (1 –(%CommissionRate(t-1) 
+ %Gap&ReplicationRate(t-1) 
+%CollatCostRate(t-1) + %QuantoRate(t-1)) x (ACT(t-1;t) / DayCountBasisCommission)) 
3.1.3.5.2 Specific Definitions relating to the Leveraged Strategy 
 
Benchmark Strategy 
Means, for each Valuation Date(i) and Calculation Time(v), a basket of contracts, the contracts 
being allocated and selected according to the definitions of CActive or Active Future Contract, 
CNextActive or Next Active Future Contract and CRW(i) below .

--- Page 279 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
279 
 
Benchmark Strategy Closing 
Level or BSCL(i) 
Means, for each Valuation Date(i), the closing level of the Benchmark Strategy as of such 
Valuation Date(i), calculated in accordance w ith the follow ing formula: 
BSCL(i) = BSCL(i-1) x ((CRW(i) x CSL(i,CActive) + (1 – CRW(i)) x CSL(i,CNextActive)) / 
(CRW(i) x CSL(i-1,CActive) + (1 – CRW(i)) x CSL(i-1,CNextActive))) 
With BSCL(0) = BSCLInitial 
Benchmark Strategy Level or 
BSL(i,v) 
Means, for each Valuation Date(i) and Calculation Time(v), the level of the Benchmark 
Strategy as of such Valuation Date(i) and such Calculation Time(v), calculated in accordance 
w ith the follow ing formula: 
BSL(i,v)= BSCL(i-1) x ((CRW(i) x CL(i,v,CActive) + (1 – CRW(i)) x CL(i,v,CNextActive)) / 
(CRW(i) x CSL(i-1,CActive) + (1 – CRW(i)) x CSL(i-1,CNextActive))) 
CashRate or CashRate(i)  
means, for each Valuation Date(i), the rate calculated as follow s: 
[if Option 3-M onth US T-Bill Discount Rate is applicable] 
[CashRate(i) = (1 / (1 – (91/DayCountBasisRate) x TBDR(i-1)))^(1/91) – 1 
Where TBDR(i-1) means the latest discount rate of the 3-Month US Treasury Bill as displayed 
on "USB3MTA Index" Bloomberg Page (or, if applicable, any successor service or page used 
by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of ascertaining such rate) as of Valuation Date (i-1) 
PROVIDED THAT if TBDR is not displayed on the "USB3MTA Index" Bloomberg Page (or, if 
applicable, any successor service or page used by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of  
ascertaining such rate) for a period of more than 7 Valuation Dates and such rate is, in the 
opinion of the Calculation Agent, reasonably expected to be discontinued (such rate then being 
the "Discontinued Rate") then the Calculation Agent shall determine CashRate(i) (a) by 
selecting a successor rate for such Discontinued Rate w hich offers similar economic 
characteristics to the Discontinued Rate or, if the Calculation Agent determines that no such 
successor rate exists, (b) on the basis of the cost that Societe Generale w ould charge or be 
charged to borrow  cash in the LeveragedStrategyCurrency on an overnight basis.] 
[If Option Other Rate is applicable] 
[ 
(1) 
the 
level 
of the 
RateOvernight 
for such 
Valuation 
Date(i) 
divided 
by 
DayCountBasisRate; or 
(2) 
the last available level displayed of RateOvernight divided by DayCountBasisRate, if 
a level of RateOvernight dated as of such Valuation Date(i), 
in both cases as determined by the Calculation Agent PROVIDED THAT if in the case of (2) 
above RateOvernight is not displayed on the RateOvernightScreenPage (or, if applicable, any 
successor service or page used by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of ascertaining such 
rate) for a period of more than 7 Valuation Dates and such rate is, in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent, reasonably expected to be discontinued (such rate then being the 
"Discontinued Rate") then the Calculation Agent shall determine CashRate(i) (a) by selecting 
a successor rate for such Discontinued Rate w hich offers similar economic characteristics to 
the Discontinued Rate or, if the Calculation Agent determines that no such successor rate 
exists, (b) on the basis of the cost that Societe Generale w ould charge or be charged to borrow  
cash in the LeveragedStrategyCurrency on an overnight basis.]

--- Page 280 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
280 
 
CActive 
or Active 
Future 
Contract 
means, for each Valuation Date(i), the active future contract to be used w hen calculating the 
Benchmark Strategy Closing Level or the Benchmark Strategy Level as of such Valuation 
Date(i). 
The Active Future Contract is determined in accordance w ith the follow ing roll schedule: 
[insert the ContractTable1] 
CNextActive or Next Active 
Future Contract 
means, for each Valuation Date(i), the next active future contract to be used w hen calculating 
the Leveraged Strategy Closing Level or the Leveraged Strategy Level as of such Valuation 
Date(i). 
The Next Active Future Contract is determined in accordance w ith the follow ing roll schedule:  
[insert the ContractTable2] 
CRW(i) 
means, in respect of Valuation Date(i) occurring in a particular month, the percentage of the 
Active Future Contract used in the calculation of the Benchmark Strategy Closing Level on a 
Valuation Date (i) determined as the follow ing: 
If Valuation Date(i) occurs before a RollStartDate in the relevant month: 
CRW(i) = 100% 
If Valuation Date(i) occurs in the period from, and including, a RollStartDate to, and including 
a RollEndDate in the relevant month[, then this Valuation Date(i) w ill be a Rolling Date as 
defined in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Future Linked Warrants and]: 
CRW(i) = 100% x DayCount(i ; RollEndDate) / DayCount(RollStartDate ; RollEndDate) 
If Valuation Date(i) occurs after a RollEndDate in the relevant month: 
CRW(i) = 0% 
Contract Settlement Level or 
CSL(i,C) 
means, for each Valuation Date(i), and a contract (C), the [Commodity] Reference Price of the 
contract (C), calculated and published by the Exchange, as of the Valuation Date(i). 
Excess 
Return 
Leveraged 
Strategy Closing Level or 
ERLSCL(i) 
Means, for each Valuation Date(i), the excess return closing level of the Leveraged Strategy 
as of such Valuation Date(i), calculated in accordance w ith the follow ing formulae: 
On Valuation Date(0): 
ERLSCL(0) = ERLSCLInitial 
On each subsequent Valuation Date(i): 
ERLSCL(i) = Max(ERLSCL(i-1) x (1 + Leverage x ((BSCL(i) / BSCL(i-1)) -1)) ; 0) 
Excess 
Return 
Leveraged 
Strategy Level or ERLSL(i,v) 
Means, for each Valuation Date(i) and Calculation Time(v), the excess return level of the 
Leveraged Strategy as of such Valuation Date(i) and such Calculation Time(v), calculated in 
accordance w ith the follow ing formula: 
ERLSL(i,v) = Max(ERLSCL(i-1) x (1 + Leverage x ((BSL(i,v) / BSCL(i-1)) -1)) ; 0) 
Intraday Contract Level or 
CL(i, v, C) 
means, in respect of each Valuation Date(i), Calculation Time(v) and contract (C), the Intraday 
Price of the contract as of such Valuation Date (i) and Calculation Time (v).

--- Page 281 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
281 
 
Leveraged Strategy Closing 
Level or LSCL(i) 
means, for any Valuation Date(i), the Closing Level of the Leveraged Strategy as of such day 
(i), as such level may be adjusted in accordance w ith the paragraph titled "Extraordinary 
Strategy Adjustment for Performance Reasons" below . 
Subject to the occurrence of an Intraday Restrike Event (follow ing w hich the Leveraged 
Strategy Closing 
Level w ill be determined 
in accordance w ith the paragraph titled 
"Extraordinary Strategy Adjustment for Performance Reasons" below ), for each Valuation 
Date(i), the Leveraged Strategy Closing Level as of such Valuation Date(i) is calculated in 
accordance w ith the follow ing formulae: 
On Valuation Date(0): 
LSCL(0) = LSCLInitial 
On each subsequent Valuation Date(i): 
LSCL(i) = LSCL(i-1) x (1 + Rate(i))^(ACT(i-1,i)-1) x (ERLSCL(i) / ERLSCL(i-1) + Rate(i)) 
For the purposes of determining LSCL(i) on a Valuation Date immediately follow ing an Intraday 
Restrike Event Reference Day, references to (i-1) in the formula of LSCL(i) above shall be 
deemed to be references to (i') (as defined in the paragraph titled "Extraordinary Strategy 
Adjustment for Performance Reasons" below ). 
For each Valuation Date(i) and each Calculation Time(v), the Leveraged Strategy Level as 
of such Calculation Time(v) is calculated in accordance w ith the follow ing formula: 
LSL(i,v) = LSCL(i-1) x (1 + Rate(i-1))^(ACT(i-1,i)-1) x (ERLSL(i,v) / ERLSCL(i-1) + Rate(i-1)) 
Leveraged Strategy Level or 
LSL(i,v) 
means, for any Valuation Date(i) and any Calculation Time(v), the latest level of the Leveraged 
Strategy as of such Calculation Time(v), as such level may be adjusted in accordance w ith the 
paragraph titled "Extraordinary Strategy Adjustment for Performance Reasons" below . 
Subject to the occurrence of an Intraday Restrike Event (follow ing w hich the Leveraged 
Strategy Level w ill be determined in accordance w ith the paragraph titled "Extraordinary 
Strategy Adjustment for Performance Reasons" below ), for each Valuation Date(i) and each 
Calculation Time(v), the Leveraged Strategy Level as of such Calculation Time(v) is 
calculated in accordance w ith the follow ing formula: 
LSL(i,v) = LSCL(i-1) x (1 + Rate(i-1))^(ACT(i-1,i)-1) x (ERLSL(i,v) / ERLSCL(i-1) + Rate(i-1)) 
Rate or Rate(i)  
means, for each Valuation Date(i), an annual rate calculated as of such day in accordance 
w ith the follow ing formula: 
Rate(i) = CashRate(i) – %MarginCost(i) 
Rolling Date(s) 
means, in respect of each month, each period from a RollStartDate (included) up to follow ing 
RollEndDate (included). 
Calculation Time 
means w ith respect to the Underlying and a Valuation Time(i), any time betw een the 
TimeReferenceOpening and the TimeReferenceClosing, provided that the relevant data is 
available to enable the Calculation Agent to determine the Leveraged Strategy Level. 
DayCount( i1 ; i2 ) 
means the number of Valuation Dates betw een Valuation Date(i1) (included) and Valuation 
Date(i2) (included).

--- Page 282 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
282 
 
Underlying Level 
Means in respect of Valuation Date(i) and a Calculation Time(v), the Benchmark Strategy 
Level as of such Valuation Date(i) and Calculation Time(v). 
3.1.3.5.3 Extraordinary Strategy Adjustment for Performance Reasons  
 
(i') 
means the Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day w hich corresponds to the Intraday Restrike 
Event immediately preceding the Calculation Time(v). 
CL (i’,C) 
Means, in respect of a contract (C): 
CL(i' ,C) = CL(i',VREF(v),C) 
CL(i(REF),C) 
Means, in respect of a contract (C): 
(1) 
if i(REF) is an Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day and, then: 
CL(i(REF),C) = CL(i'',v1,C) 
(2) 
or otherw ise: 
CL(i(REF),C) = CL(i'-1,C)  
Extraordinary 
Strategy 
Adjustment for Performance 
Reasons 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Intraday Restrike Event has occurred at a 
Calculation Time(v) during a Valuation Date(i), an adjustment (an Extraordinary Strategy 
Adjustment for Performance Reasons) shall take place during such Valuation Date(i) in 
accordance w ith the follow ing provisions. 
The real time calculation of the Leveraged Strategy shall be suspended during the Intraday 
Restrike Event Observation Period and resume w ithin 15 minutes follow ing the end of such 
Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period (the point of such resumption being the 
Calculation Resume Time and the day on w hich such resumption occurs being the 
Calculation Resume Day or CRD). For the purposes of the determination of Extraordinary 
Strategy Adjustment for Performance Reasons and the corresponding Leveraged Strategy 
Level, references to dates (i) shall be read as references to dates (CRD) w here expressly 
indicated. Should the end of the Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period occur less than 
15 minutes before the TimeReferenceClosing on the Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day, 
the Calculation Resume Time shall be the TimeReferenceClosing w hich immediately follows 
the end of the Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period. 
On each Calculation Resume Day, from the Calculation Resume Time, LSCL(CRD) and 
LSL(CRD,v) w ill be determined as follow s: 
For each Calculation Time(v) during such Calculation Resume Day follow ing the end of the 
Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period, the Leveraged Strategy Level is calculated 
according to the follow ing formula: 
[LSL(CRD,v) = LSL(i',VREF(v)) x (1 + Rate(i'-1))^( ACT(i',CRD)-1) x (1+ Leverage x ((CRW(i') 
x CL(CRD,v,CActive) + (1 – CRW(i')) x CL(CRD,v,CNextActive))/(CRW(i') x CSL(i',CActive) + 
(1 – CRW(i')) x CSL(i',CNextActive))– 1)+ Rate(i’-1))] 
[LSL(CRD,v) = LSL(i',VREF(v)) x (1 + Rate(i'))^( ACT(i',CRD)-1) x (1+ 
Leverage x ((CRW(i') x CL(CRD,v,CActive) + (1 – CRW(i')) x 
CL(CRD,v,CNextActive))/(CRW(i') x CSL(i',CActive) +

--- Page 283 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
283 
 
(1 – CRW(i')) x CSL(i',CNextActive))– 1)+ Rate(i’))] 
And at the TimeReferenceClosing of such Calculation Resume Day: 
LSCL(CRD) = LSL(i',VREF(v)) x (1 + Rate(i'))^( ACT(i',CRD)-1) x (1 + Leverage x ((CRW(i') x 
CSL(CRD, CActive) + (1 – CRW(i')) x CSL(CRD, CNextActive))/(CRW(i') x CSL(i',CActive) + 
(1 – CRW(i')) x CSL(i',CNextActive))– 1) + Rate(i’)) 
i(REF) 
means the latest of the (1) Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day immediately preceding (i’) 
in w hich case i(REF) is referred to as (i’’) and the latest Intraday Restrike Event Reference 
Time on such Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day is referred to as (v1) (2) the Valuation 
Date w hich immediately precedes (i’) in w hich case i(REF) is referred to as (i'-1). 
Intraday Reference Level 
means in respect of Valuation Date(i) and a Calculation Time(v), (1) the Underlying Level as 
of the last Intraday Restrike Event Reference Time preceding and excluding such Calculation 
Time(v) or (2) if no Intraday Restrike Event has occurred on such day, the Benchmark Strategy 
Closing Level on the immediately preceding Valuation Date. 
Intraday Restrike Event 
If Leverage > 0: 
means in respect of a Valuation Date(i), the decrease at a Calculation Time(v) of the ratio of 
the Underlying Level to the Intraday Reference Level below  the DailyRestrikePercentage of 
the relevant Intraday Reference Level at such Calculation Time. 
If Leverage < 0: 
means, in respect of a Valuation Date(i), the increase at a Calculation Time(v) of the ratio of 
the Underlying Level to the Intraday Reference Level above the DailyRestrikePercentage of 
the relevant Intraday Reference Level at such Calculation Time. 
Intraday 
Restrike 
Event 
Observation Period 
means in respect of an Intraday Restrike Event, the period starting on and excluding the 
Intraday Restrike Event Time and finishing on and including the time falling 15 minutes after 
the Intraday Restrike Event Time. 
Where, during such 15 minute period, the Calculation Agent determines that the Exchange is 
not open for continuous trading, the Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period w ill be 
extended to the extent necessary until the Exchange is open for continuous trading for an 
aggregate period of 15 minutes. 
If 
the 
Intraday 
Restrike 
Event 
Observation 
Period 
w ould 
not 
end 
by 
the 
TimeReferenceClosing: (1) such day w ill not be a Valuation Date for the purposes of 
determining any element of the Leveraged Strategy, except (a) for the purpose of calculating 
LSL(i’,VREF(v)) (and the constituent parts thereof) corresponding to the applicable Intraday 
Restrike Event and (b) for the purpose of calculating LSL(i’,VREF(v)) (and the constituent 
parts thereof) w ith respect to any previous Intraday Restrike Event that has occurred on such 
day, if any; and (2) such Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period shall be extended to the 
follow ing Valuation Date to the extent necessary until the Calculation Agent determines that 
the Exchange is open for continuous trading for an aggregate period of 15 minutes. 
For the purpose of determining the Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period only, the 
Exchange shall not be considered to be open for continuous trading during its closing auction 
period (as provided under the rules of the Exchange).

--- Page 284 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
284 
 
Intraday 
Restrike 
Event 
Reference Day 
means, in respect of an Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period, the day on w hich the 
Intraday Restrike Event Reference Time occurs. 
Intraday 
Restrike 
Event 
Reference Time 
means [, in respect of an Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period, the Calculation Time 
on w hich the Leveraged Strategy Level reaches its low est value during such period.] 
[the end of the Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period] 
Intraday Restrike Event Time 
means in respect of an Intraday Restrike Event, the Calculation Time on w hich such event 
occurs. 
LSL(i’,VREF(v))  
is calculated in accordance w ith the follow ing formulae: 
(1) 
w here, in respect of an Intraday Restrike Event, one or more Intraday Restrike Event 
Times have previously occurred w ith an Intraday Restrike Event Reference Time 
occurring on (i’), then (w ith the latest Intraday Restrike Event Reference Time, 
immediately preceding VREF(v), being "v1"): 
LSL(i',VREF(v)) = LSL(i',v1) x (1 + Leverage x ((CRW(i’) x CL(i’, VREF(v),CActive) + (1 – 
CRW(i’)) x CL(i’, VREF(v),CNextActive))/(CRW(i') x CL(i',v1,CActive) + (1 – CRW(i')) x 
CL(i',v1,CNextActive))– 1)) 
Where LSL(i',v1) is determined in accordance w ith Extraordinary Strategy Adjustment for 
Performance Reasons but w ith "VREF(v)" replaced by "v1". 
(2) 
in circumstances other than those set out in (1): 
LSL(i',VREF(v)) = LSLREF(i(REF)) x (1 +Leverage x ((CRW(i') x CL(i',VREF(v),CActive) + (1 
– CRW(i')) x CL(i',VREF(v),CNextActive))/(CRW(i’) x CSL(i(REF),CActive) + (1 – CRW(i’)) x 
CSL(i(REF),CNextActive))-1)) 
LSLREF(i(REF))  
means, if i(REF) is an Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day then LSL(i'',v1); or otherw ise 
LSCL(i'-1). 
[CL(i’, VREF(v),CActive)] 
[means the time w eighted average price of the Active Future Contract during the Intraday 
Restrike Event Observation Period.] 
[CL(i’, VREF(v),CNextActive)] 
[means the time w eighted average price of the Next Active Future Contract during the Intraday 
Restrike Event Observation Period.] 
VREF(v) 
means the latest Intraday Restrike Event Reference Time preceding, and excluding, 
Calculation Time(v). 
3.1.4 
Fixed Leverage Bear – Multiplicative Formula 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.1.4, the follow ing applies: 
3.1.4.0 Product Description 
 
This Product may be subject to Event-linked Early Expiration:

--- Page 285 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
285 
 
 
If an Early Expiration Event is deemed to have occurred, the Product Formula used to determine the Early 
Settlement Price relies on the then level of the Leveraged Strategy. 
 
Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final 
Settlement Price in respect of this Product is determined on the basis of the level of the Leveraged Strategy. 
The strategy to w hich the performance of the Warrant is linked is the Leveraged Strategy which consists of leveraged short exposure 
to the Underlying w ith a leverage factor (Leverage) and a hypothetical money market instrument. 
The notional exposure of the Leveraged Strategy to the Underlying is revised on each Valuation Date in order to take into acc ount 
the Leveraged Strategy Closing Level as of the previous Valuation Date, as further described hereinafter. 
3.1.4.1 Event-linked Early Expiration: Applicable 
Early Expiration Event is deemed to have occurred, if on any Valuation Date(i), LSCL(i) [is low er] [is higher] than [or equal to] 
BarrierLevelAutocall(i). 
Early Settlement Price(i) = Notional Amount x Product Formula(i) 
Product Formula(i) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP + (1 / BaseAmount) x Max(InitialValue x (FX(0) / FX(RVD(i))) x (LSCL(RVD(i)) / 
LSCL(0)) x Hedging Fees Factor(i);0) 
3.1.4.2 Final Settlement Price: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP + (1 / BaseAmount) x Max(InitialValue x (FX(0) / FX(T)) x (LSCL(T) / LSCL(0)) x 
Hedging Fees Factor(T);0) 
3.1.4.3 Variable Data: 
BarrierLevelAutocall 
BaseAmount 
BaseCurrency 
BaseSettlementLevel_ESP 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP 
DailyRestrikePercentage 
DayCountBasisCommission 
DayCountBasisRate 
FXSource 
FXSourceFixingTime 
InitialValue 
Leverage 
LeveragedStrategyCurrency

--- Page 286 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
286 
 
LSCLInitial 
RateOvernight 
RateOvernightScreenPage 
TimeReferenceClosing 
TimeReferenceOpening 
The Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 below . 
3.1.4.4 Applicable Rates: 
%CollatCostRate 
%CommissionRate 
%DistRate 
%Gap&ReplicationRate 
%QuantoRate 
%RepoRate 
The Applicable Rates are defined under Condition 3.1.0 above. 
3.1.4.5 Specific Definition(s): 
3.1.4.5.1 Specific Definitions relating to the determination of the Product Formula 
 
ACT(i-1;i) 
Means the number of calendar days betw een the Valuation Date(i-1) (included) and the 
Valuation Date(i) (excluded) 
FX(i) 
means, for any Valuation Date(i), the spot exchange rate as of the FXSourceFixingTime to 
convert the BaseCurrency into the LeveragedStrategyCurrency in respect of such Valuation 
Date(i), as published by the FXSource, or any successor thereto. If no such rate is available 
on such Valuation Date(i), FX(i) shall be the first available spot exchange rate as of the 
FXSourceFixingTime 
to convert the BaseCurrency into the LeveragedStrategyCurrency 
follow ing such day, as published by the FXSource, or any successor thereto. 
Hedging Fees Factor(i) 
(i from 1 to T) 
means: 
Product(for t from 1 to i) (1 –(%CommissionRate(t-1) 
+ %Gap&ReplicationRate(t-1) 
+%CollatCostRate(t-1) + %QuantoRate(t-1)) x (ACT(t-1;t) / DayCountBasisCommission))

--- Page 287 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
287 
 
3.1.4.5.2 Specific Definitions relating to the Leveraged Strategy 
 
AdjPrice(i-1) 
is determined, for each Valuation Date(i), according to the follow ing formula: 
Price(i-1) -%DistRate(i) x Dist(i) 
CashRate or CashRate(i)  
means, for each Valuation Date(i): 
(1) 
the level of the RateOvernight for such Valuation Date(i); or 
(2) 
the last available level displayed of RateOvernight, if a level of RateOvernight dated 
as of such Valuation Date(i), 
in both cases as determined by the Calculation Agent provided that if in the case of (2) above 
RateOvernight is not displayed on the RateOvernightScreenPage (or, if applicable, any 
successor service or page used by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of ascertaining such 
rate) for a period of more than 7 Valuation Dates and such rate is, in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent, reasonably expected to be discontinued (such rate then being the 
"Discontinued Rate") then the Calculation Agent shall determine CashRate(i) (a) by selecting 
a successor rate for such Discontinued Rate w hich offers similar economic characteristics to 
the Discontinued Rate or, if the Calculation Agent determines that no such successor rate 
exists, (b) on the basis of the cost that Societe Generale w ould charge or be charged to 
borrow  cash in the LeveragedStrategyCurrency on an overnight basis. 
Leveraged Strategy Closing 
Level or LSCL(i)  
means, for any Valuation Date(i), the Closing Level of the Leveraged Strategy as of such day 
(i), as such level may be adjusted in accordance w ith the terms of Condition 3.1.4.5.4 of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants. 
Subject to the occurrence of an Intraday Restrike Event (follow ing w hich the Leveraged 
Strategy Closing Level w ill be determined in accordance w ith Condition 3.1.4.5.4 of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants), for each 
Valuation Date(i), the Leveraged Strategy Closing Level as of such Valuation Date(i) is 
calculated in accordance w ith the follow ing formulae: 
on Valuation Date(0): 
LSCL(0) = LSCLInitial 
on each subsequent Valuation Date(i): 
LSCL(i) = Max(LSCL(i-1) x (1 + Leverage x ((Price(i) / AdjPrice(i-1)) -1) + (1-Leverage) x 
Rate(i-1) x ACT(i-1,i) / DayCountBasisRate),0) 
For the purposes of determining LSCL(i) on a Valuation Date immediately follow ing an 
Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day, references to (i-1) in the formula of LSCL(i) above 
shall be deemed to be references to (i') (as defined in Condition 3.1.4.5.4 of the Additional 
Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants). 
Leveraged Strategy Level or 
LSL(i,v)  
means, for any Valuation Date(i) and any Calculation Time(v), the latest level of the 
Leveraged Strategy as of such Calculation Time(v), as such level may be adjusted in 
accordance w ith the terms of Condition 3.1.4.5.4 of the Additional Terms and Conditions 
relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants. 
Subject to the occurrence of an Intraday Restrike Event (follow ing w hich the Leveraged 
Strategy Level w ill be determined in accordance w ith Condition 3.1.4.5.4 of the Additional 
Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants), for each Valuation

--- Page 288 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
288 
 
Date(i) and each Calculation Time(v), the Leveraged Strategy Level as of such Calculation 
Time(v) is calculated in accordance w ith the follow ing formula: 
LSL(i,v) = Max(LSCL(i-1) x (1+ Leverage x ((Price(i,v) / AdjPrice(i-1)) -1) + (1-Leverage) x 
Rate(i-1 ) x ACT(i-1,i) / DayCountBasisRate),0) 
Rate or Rate(i)  
means, for each Valuation Date(i), an annual rate calculated as of such day in accordance 
w ith the follow ing formula: 
Rate(i) = CashRate(i) – (Leverage / (Leverage – 1)) x %RepoRate(i) 
Price(i)  
means, in respect of each Valuation Date(i), the Reference Price of the Underlying as of such 
Valuation Date(i), subject to the adjustments and provisions of the Additional Terms and 
Conditions relating to such Underlying. 
Price(i,v)  
means, in respect of each Valuation Date(i) and Calculation Time(v), 
[If the Underlying is a Share, an Index, a Depositary Receipt (DR), an Exchange Traded Fund 
(ETF), a Foreign Exchange Rate, a Commodity, or a Commodity Index] 
[the Intraday Price of the Underlying as of such Valuation Date(i) and Calculation Time(v).] 
[For any other type of Underlying] 
[the latest available price, level or rate (as the case may be) of the Underlying published on 
the relevant [Exchange] [Price Source] [provide details on relevant source] as of such 
Valuation Date (i) and Calculation Time (v).] 
Calculation Time  
means w ith respect to the Underlying, any time betw een the TimeReferenceOpening and the 
TimeReferenceClosing, provided that the relevant data is available to enable the Calculation 
Agent to determine the Leveraged Strategy Level. 
3.1.4.5.3 Distributions and corporate actions affecting the Underlying: Specific Definitions  
 
Dist(i) 
means Dist(i-1, i) 
Underlying Distributions, or 
Dist(i1,i2)  
means, for any dates (i1) and (i2), the sum of all Gross Ordinary Distributions paid in respect 
of the Underlying, w hich have an ex date betw een (i1) (excluded) and (i2) (included). 
[If such Gross Ordinary Distribution is not denominated in the currency of the Underlying, this 
Gross Ordinary Distribution w ill be converted into such currency by the Calculation Agent 
using the latest available spot exchange rate as of the FXSourceFixingTime as published on 
the Valuation Date immediately preceding the relevant Valuation Date(i) by the FXSource. If  
no such rate is available on the Valuation Date immediately preceding such Valuation Date(i), 
such rate shall be the first available spot exchange rate as of the FXSourceFixingTime to 
convert such Gross Ordinary Distribution into the Currency of the Underlying follow ing such 
Valuation Date(i), as published by the FXSource, or any successor service or page used by 
the Calculation Agent for the purposes of ascertaining such rate.]

--- Page 289 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
289 
 
3.1.4.5.4 Extraordinary Strategy Adjustment for Performance Reasons 
 
(i')  
means the Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day w hich corresponds to the Intraday Restrike 
Event immediately preceding the Calculation Time(v). 
AdjPrice(i')  
is determined according to the follow ing formula: 
AdjPrice(i' ) = Price(i',VREF(v)) – %DistRate(CRD) x Dist(i',CRD) 
AdjPrice(i(REF)) 
means: 
(1) 
if i(REF) is an Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day, then: 
AdjPrice(i(REF)) = Price(i'',v1) – %DistRate(i') x Dist(i'',i') 
(2) 
or otherw ise: 
AdjPrice(i(REF)) = Price(i'-1) – %DistRate(i') x Dist(i'-1,i') 
Extraordinary 
Strategy 
Adjustment for Performance 
Reasons 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Intraday Restrike Event has occurred at a 
Calculation Time(v) during a Valuation Date(i), an adjustment (an Extraordinary Strategy 
Adjustment for Performance Reasons) shall take place during such Valuation Date(i) in 
accordance w ith the follow ing provisions. 
The real time calculation of the Leveraged Strategy shall be suspended during the Intraday 
Restrike Event Observation Period and resume in accordance w ith Condition 3.1.4.5.4 of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants w ithin 15 
minutes follow ing the end of such Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period (the point of 
such resumption being the Calculation Resume Time and the day on w hich such resumption 
occurs being the Calculation Resume Day or CRD). Should the end of the Intraday Restrike 
Event Observation Period occur less than 15 minutes before the TimeReferenceClosing on 
the Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day, the Calculation Resume Time shall be the 
TimeReferenceClosing w hich immediately follow s the end of the Intraday Restrike Event 
Observation Period. 
On each Calculation Resume Day, from the Calculation Resume Time, LSCL(CRD) and 
LSL(CRD,v) w ill be determined as follow s: 
For each Calculation Time(v) during such Calculation Resume Day follow ing the end of the 
Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period, the Leveraged Strategy is calculated according 
to the follow ing formula: 
LSL(CRD,v) = LSL(i',VREF(v)) x (1 + Leverage x ((Price(CRD,v) / AdjPrice(i')) – 1) + (1 – 
Leverage) x Rate(i') x ACT(i',CRD) / DayCountBasisRate) 
and at the TimeReferenceClosing of such Calculation Resume Day: 
LSCL(CRD) = LSL(i',VREF(v)) x (1 + Leverage x ((Price(CRD) / AdjPrice(i')) – 1) + (1 – 
Leverage) x Rate(i') x ACT(i',CRD) / DayCountBasisRate) 
i(REF) 
means the latest of (1) the Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day immediately preceding (i') 
in w hich case i(REF) is referred to as (i'') and the latest Intraday Restrike Event Reference 
Time on such Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day is referred to as (v1) and (2) the 
Valuation Date w hich immediately precedes (i') in w hich case i(REF) is referred to as (i'-1).

--- Page 290 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
290 
 
Intraday Reference Level 
means, in respect of Valuation Date(i) and a Calculation Time(v), the Underlying level as of 
(1) the last Intraday Restrike Event Reference Time preceding and excluding such Calculation 
Time(v) or (2) if no Intraday Restrike Event has occurred on such day, the closing level of the 
Underlying on the immediately preceding Valuation Date. 
Intraday Restrike Event  
means, in respect of a Valuation Date(i), the increase at a Calculation Time(v) of the 
Underlying level above the DailyRestrikePercentage of the relevant Intraday Reference Level 
at such Calculation Time. 
Intraday 
Restrike 
Event 
Observation Period  
means in respect of an Intraday Restrike Event, the period starting on and excluding the 
Intraday Restrike Event Time and finishing on and including the time falling 15 minutes after 
the Intraday Restrike Event Time. 
Where, during such 15 minute period, the Calculation Agent determines that (1) (if the 
Underlying is an Index or a SGI Index) the level of the Underlying is not disseminated by the 
Underlying Sponsor or, the Underlying Calculation Agent, as the case may be or (2) (for any 
type of Underlying including, for the avoidance of doubt, an Index or a SGI Index) the 
Exchange or the Related Exchange is not open for continuous trading, the Intraday Restrike 
Event Observation Period w ill be extended to the extent necessary until (1) (if the Underlying 
is an Index or a SGI Index) the level of the Underlying is calculated and disseminated by the 
Underlying Sponsor or the Underlying Calculation Agent, as the case may be and (2) (for any 
type of Underlying including, for the avoidance of doubt, an Index or a SGI Index) the 
Exchange and the Related Exchange are open for continuous trading for an aggregate period 
of 15 minutes. 
If 
the 
Intraday 
Restrike 
Event 
Observation 
Period 
w ould 
not 
end 
by 
the 
TimeReferenceClosing: (1) such day w ill not be a Valuation Date for the purposes of 
determining any element of the Leveraged Strategy, except (a) for the purpose of calculating 
LSL(i',vREF(v)) and AdjPrice(i') (and the constituent parts thereof) corresponding to the 
applicable Intraday Restrike Event and (b) for the purpose of calculating LSL(i',vREF(v)) and 
AdjPrice(i') (and the constituent parts thereof) w ith respect to any previous Intraday Restrike 
Event that has occurred on such day, if any; and (2) such Intraday Restrike Event Observation 
Period shall be extended to the follow ing Valuation Date to the extent necessary until the 
Calculation Agent determines that (a) (if the Underlying is an Index or a SGI Index) the level 
of the Underlying is calculated and disseminated by the Underlying Sponsor or, the Underlying 
Calculation Agent, as the case may be and (b) (for any type of Underlying including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, an Index or a SGI Index) the Exchange and the Related Exchange are 
open for continuous trading for an aggregate period of 15 minutes. 
For the purpose of determining the Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period only, the 
Exchange shall not be considered to be open for continuous trading during its closing auction 
period (as provided under the rules of the Exchange). 
Intraday 
Restrike 
Event 
Reference Day  
means, in respect of an Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period, the day on w hich the 
Intraday Restrike Event Reference Time occurs. 
Intraday 
Restrike 
Event 
Reference Time  
Means[, in respect of an Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period, the Calculation Time on 
w hich the Leveraged Strategy Level reaches its low est value during such period] [the end of 
the Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period].

--- Page 291 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
291 
 
Intraday Restrike Event Time  
means in respect of an Intraday Restrike Event, the Calculation Time on w hich such event 
occurs. 
LSL(i',VREF(v))  
is calculated in accordance w ith the follow ing formulae: 
(1) 
w here, in respect of an Intraday Restrike Event, one or more Intraday Restrike Event 
Times have previously occurred w ith an Intraday Restrike Event Reference Time 
occurring on (i'), then (w ith the latest Intraday Restrike Event Reference Time, 
immediately preceding VREF(v), being "v1"): 
LSL(i',VREF(v)) = LSL(i',v1) x (1 + Leverage x ((Price(i',VREF(v)) / Price(i',v1)) – 1)) 
Where LSL(i',v1) is determined in accordance w ith Condition 3.1.4.5.4 of the Additional Terms 
and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants but w ith "VREF(v)" replaced 
by "v1". 
(2) 
in circumstances other than those set out in (1): 
LSL(i',VREF(v)) 
= 
LSLREF(i(REF)) 
x 
(1 
+ 
Leverage 
x 
((Price(i',VREF(v)) 
/ 
AdjPrice(i(REF))) -1) + (1-Leverage) x Rate(i(REF)) x (ACT(i(REF),i') / DayCountBasisRat e))  
LSLREF(i(REF))  
means, if i(REF) is an Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day then LSL(i'',v1); or otherw ise 
LSCL(i'-1). 
[Price(i',VREF(v))] 
[means the time w eighted average price of the Underlying during the Intraday Restrike Event 
Observation Period.] 
VREF(v)  
means the latest Intraday Restrike Event Reference Time preceding, and excluding, 
Calculation Time(v). 
3.1.5 
Fixed Leverage Bull – Multiplicative Formula 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.1.5, the follow ing applies: 
3.1.5.0 Product Description 
(i) 
This Product may be subject to Event-linked Early Expiration: 
 
If an Early Expiration Event is deemed to have occurred, the Product Formula used to determine the Early 
Settlement Price relies on the then level of the Leveraged Strategy. 
 
Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final 
Settlement Price in respect of this Product is determined on the basis of the level of the Leveraged Strategy. 
The strategy to w hich the performance of the Warrant is linked is the Leveraged Strategy w hich consists of leveraged exposure to the 
Underlying w ith a leverage factor "Leverage" and a hypothetical money market instrument. 
The notional exposure of the Leveraged Strategy to the Underlying is revised on each Valuation Date in order to take into account 
the Leveraged Strategy Closing Level as of the previous Valuation Date, as further described hereinafter. 
3.1.5.1 Event-linked Early Expiration: Applicable 
Early Expiration Event is deemed to have occurred, if on any Valuation Date(i), LSCL(i) [is low er] [is higher] than [or equal to] 
BarrierLevelAutocall(i).

--- Page 292 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
292 
 
Early Settlement Price(i) = Notional Amount x Product Formula(i) 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP + (1 / BaseAmount) x Max(InitialValue x (FX(0) / FX(RVD(i))) x (LSCL(RVD(i)) / 
LSCL(0)) x Hedging Fees Factor(i);0) 
3.1.5.2 Final Settlement Price: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP + (1 / BaseAmount) x Max(InitialValue x (FX(0) / FX(T)) x (LSCL(T) / LSCL(0)) x 
Hedging Fees Factor(T);0) 
3.1.5.3 Variable Data: 
BarrierLevelAutocall 
BaseAmount 
BaseCurrency 
BaseSettlementLevel_ESP 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP 
DailyRestrikePercentage 
DayCountBasisCommission 
DayCountBasisRate 
FXSource 
FXSourceFixingTime 
InitialValue 
Leverage 
LeveragedStrategyCurrency 
LSCLInitial 
RateOvernight 
RateOvernightScreenPage 
TimeReferenceClosing 
TimeReferenceOpening 
The Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 below . 
3.1.5.4 Applicable Rates: 
%CollatCostRate 
%CommissionRate

--- Page 293 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
293 
 
%DistRate 
%Gap&ReplicationRate 
%QuantoRate 
%SpreadLevel 
The Applicable Rates are defined under Condition 3.1.0 above. 
3.1.5.5 Specific Definition(s): 
3.1.5.5.1 Specific Definitions relating to the determination of the Product Formula 
 
ACT(i-1;i) 
Means the number of calendar days betw een the Valuation Date(i-1) (included) and the 
Valuation Date(i) (excluded) 
FX(i) 
means, for any Valuation Date(i), the spot exchange rate as of the FXSourceFixingTime to 
convert the BaseCurrency into the LeveragedStrategyCurrency in respect of such Valuation 
Date(i), as published by the FXSource, or any successor thereto. If no such rate is available 
on such Valuation Date(i), FX(i) shall be the first available spot exchange rate as of the 
FXSourceFixingTime 
to convert the BaseCurrency into the LeveragedStrategyCurrency 
follow ing such day, as published by the FXSource, or any successor thereto.  
Hedging Fees Factor(i) 
(i from 1 to T) 
means: 
Product(for 
t 
from 
1 
to 
i) 
(1 –(%CommissionRate 
+ 
%Gap&ReplicationRate(t) 
+%CollatCostRate(i) + %QuantoRate(i)) x (ACT(t-1;t)) / DayCountBasisCommission) 
3.1.5.5.2 Specific Definitions relating to the Leveraged Strategy 
 
AdjPrice(i-1)  
is determined, for each Valuation Date(i), according to the follow ing formula: 
Price(i-1) -%DistRate(i) x Dist(i) 
CashRate or CashRate(i)  
means, for each Valuation Date(i): 
(1) 
the level of the RateOvernight for such Valuation Date(i); or 
(2) 
the last available level displayed of RateOvernight, if a level of RateOvernight dated 
as of such Valuation Date(i), 
in both cases as determined by the Calculation Agent provided that if in the case of (2) above 
RateOvernight is not displayed on the RateOvernightScreenPage (or, if applicable, any 
successor service or page used by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of ascertaining such 
rate) for a period of more than 7 Valuation Dates and such rate is, in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent, reasonably expected to be discontinued (such rate then being the 
"Discontinued Rate") then the Calculation Agent shall determine CashRate(i) (a) by 
selecting a successor rate for such Discontinued Rate w hich offers similar economic 
characteristics to the Discontinued Rate or, if the Calculation Agent determines that no such 
successor rate exists, (b) on the basis of the cost that Societe Generale w ould charge or be 
charged to borrow  cash in the LeveragedStrategyCurrency on an overnight basis.

--- Page 294 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
294 
 
Leveraged Strategy Closing 
Level or LSCL(i) 
means, for any Valuation Date(i), the Closing Level of the Leveraged Strategy as of such day 
(i), as such level may be adjusted in accordance w ith the terms of Condition 3.1.5.5.4 of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants. 
Subject to the occurrence of an Intraday Restrike Event (follow ing w hich the Leveraged 
Strategy Closing Level w ill be determined in accordance w ith Condition 3.1.5.5.4 of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants), for each 
Valuation Date(i), the Leveraged Strategy Closing Level as of such Valuation Date(i) is 
calculated in accordance w ith the follow ing formulae: 
On Valuation Date(0): 
LSCL(0) = LSCLInitial 
On each subsequent Valuation Date(i): 
LSCL(i) = Max(LSCL(i-1) x (1 + Leverage x ((Price(i) / AdjPrice(i-1)) -1) + (1-Leverage) x 
Rate(i-1) x ACT(i-1,i) / DayCountBasisRate),0) 
For the purposes of determining LSCL(i) on a Valuation Date immediately follow ing an 
Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day, references to (i-1) in the formula of LSCL(i) above 
shall be deemed to be references to (i') (as defined in Condition 3.1.5.5.4 of the Additional 
Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants). 
Leveraged Strategy Level or 
LSL(i,v) 
means, for any Valuation Date(i) and any Calculation Time(v), the latest level of the 
Leveraged Strategy as of such Calculation Time(v), as such level may be adjusted in 
accordance w ith the terms of Condition 3.1.5.5.4 of the Additional Terms and Conditions 
relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants. 
Subject to the occurrence of an Intraday Restrike Event (follow ing w hich the Leveraged 
Strategy Level w ill be determined in accordance w ith Condition 3.1.5.5.4 of the Additional 
Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants), for each Valuation 
Date(i) and each Calculation Time(v), the Leveraged Strategy Level as of such Calculation 
Time(v) is calculated in accordance w ith the follow ing formula: 
LSL(i,v) = Max(LSCL(i-1) x (1+ Leverage x ((Price(i,v) / AdjPrice(i-1)) -1) + (1-Leverage) x 
Rate(i-1 ) x ACT(i-1,i) / DayCountBasisRate),0) 
Rate or Rate(i)  
means, for each Valuation Date(i), an annual rate calculated as of such day in accordance 
w ith the follow ing formula: 
Rate(i) = CashRate(i) + %SpreadLevel(i) 
Price(i)  
means, in respect of each Valuation Date(i), the Reference Price of the Underlying as of such 
Valuation Date(i), subject to the adjustments and provisions of the Additional Terms and 
Conditions relating to such Underlying. 
Price(i,v)  
means, in respect of each Valuation Date(i) and Calculation Time(v), 
[If the Underlying is a Share, an Index, a Depositary Receipt (DR), an Exchange Traded Fund 
(ETF), a Foreign Exchange Rate, a Commodity, or a Commodity Index] 
[the Intraday Price of the Underlying as of such Valuation Date(i) and Calculation Time(v).] 
[For any other type of Underlying]

--- Page 295 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
295 
 
[the latest available price, level or rate (as the case may be) of the Underlying published on 
the relevant [Exchange] [Price Source][provide details on relevant source] as of such 
Valuation Date (i) and Calculation Time (v).] 
Calculation Time  
means w ith respect to the Underlying, any time betw een the TimeReferenceOpening and the 
TimeReferenceClosing, provided that the relevant data is available to enable the Calculation 
Agent to determine the Leveraged Strategy Level. 
3.1.5.5.3 Distributions and corporate actions affecting the Underlying: Specific Definitions 
 
Dist(i) 
means Dist(i-1, i) 
Underlying Distributions, or 
Dist(i1,i2) 
means, for any dates (i1) and (i2), the sum of all Gross Ordinary Distributions, paid in respect 
of the Underlying, w hich have an ex date betw een (i1) (excluded) and (i2) (included). 
[If such Gross Ordinary Distribution is not denominated in the currency of the Underlying, this 
Gross Ordinary Distribution w ill be converted into such currency by the Calculation Agent 
using the latest available spot exchange rate as of the FXSourceFixingTime as published on 
the Valuation Date immediately preceding the relevant Valuation Date(i) by the FXSource. If  
no such rate is available on the Valuation Date immediately preceding such Valuation Date(i), 
such rate shall be the first available spot exchange rate as of the FXSourceFixingTime to 
convert such Gross Ordinary Distribution into the Currency of the Underlying follow ing such 
Valuation Date(i), as published by the FXSource, or any successor service or page used by 
the Calculation Agent for the purposes of ascertaining such rate.] 
3.1.5.5.4 Extraordinary Strategy Adjustment for Performance Reasons  
 
(i')  
means the Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day w hich corresponds to the Intraday Restrike 
Event immediately preceding the Calculation Time(v). 
AdjPrice(i')  
is determined according to the follow ing formula: 
AdjPrice(i' ) = Price(i',VREF(v)) – %DistRate(CRD) x Dist(i',CRD) 
AdjPrice(i(REF))  
means, 
(1) 
if i(REF) is an Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day; then 
AdjPrice(i(REF)) = Price(i'',v1) – %DistRate(i') x Dist(i'',i') 
otherw ise: 
(2) 
AdjPrice(i(REF)) = Price(i'-1) – %DistRate(i') x Dist(i'-1,i'). 
Extraordinary 
Strategy 
Adjustment for Performance 
Reasons 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Intraday Restrike Event has occurred at a 
Calculation Time(v) during a Valuation Date(i), an adjustment (an Extraordinary Strategy 
Adjustment for Performance Reasons) shall take place during such Valuation Date(i) in 
accordance w ith the follow ing provisions. 
The real time calculation of the Leveraged Strategy shall be suspended during the Intraday 
Restrike Event Observation Period and resume in accordance w ith Condition 3.1.5.5.4 of the

--- Page 296 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
296 
 
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants w ithin 15 
minutes follow ing the end of such Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period (the point of 
such resumption being the Calculation Resume Time and the day on w hich such resumption 
occurs being the Calculation Resume Day or CRD). Should the end of the Intraday Restrike 
Event Observation Period occur less than 15 minutes before the TimeReferenceClosing on 
the Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day, the Calculation Resume Time shall be the 
TimeReferenceClosing w hich immediately follow s the end of the Intraday Restrike Event 
Observation Period. 
On each Calculation Resume Day, from the Calculation Resume Time, LSCL(CRD) and 
LSL(CRD,v) w ill be determined as follow s: 
For each Calculation Time(v) during such Calculation Resume Day follow ing the end of the 
Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period, the Leveraged Strategy is calculated according 
to the follow ing formula: 
LSL(CRD,v) = LSL(i',VREF(v)) x (1 + Leverage x ((Price(CRD,v) / AdjPrice(i')) – 1) + (1 – 
Leverage) x Rate(i') x ACT(i',CRD) / DayCountBasisRate) 
And at the TimeReferenceClosing of such Calculation Resume Day: 
LSCL(CRD) = LSL(i',VREF(v)) x (1 + Leverage x ((Price(CRD) / AdjPrice(i')) – 1) + (1 – 
Leverage) x Rate(i') x ACT(i',CRD) / DayCountBasisRate) 
 
i(REF) 
means the latest of (1) the Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day immediately preceding (i') 
in w hich case i(REF) is referred to as (i'') and the latest Intraday Restrike Event Reference 
Time on such Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day is referred to as (v1) and (2) the 
Valuation Date w hich immediately precedes (i') in w hich case i(REF) is referred to as (i'-1). 
Intraday Reference Level  
means in respect of Valuation Date(i) and a Calculation Time(v), the Underlying level as of 
(1) the last Intraday Restrike Event Reference Time preceding and excluding such Calculation 
Time(v) or (2) if no Intraday Restrike Event has occurred on such day, the closing level of the 
Underlying on the immediately preceding Valuation Date. 
Intraday Restrike Event  
means in respect of a Valuation Date(i), the decrease at a Calculation Time(v) of the 
Underlying level below  the DailyRestrikePercentage of the relevant Intraday Reference Level 
at such Calculation Time. 
Intraday 
Restrike 
Event 
Observation Period  
means in respect of an Intraday Restrike Event, the period starting on and excluding the 
Intraday Restrike Event Time and finishing on and including the time falling 15 minutes after 
the Intraday Restrike Event Time. 
Where, during such 15 minute period, the Calculation Agent determines that (1) (if the 
Underlying is an Index or a SGI Index) the level of the Underlying is not disseminated by the 
Underlying Sponsor or, the Underlying Calculation Agent, as the case may be or (2) (for any 
type of Underlying including, for the avoidance of doubt, an Index or a SGI Index) the  
Exchange or the Related Exchange is not open for continuous trading, the Intraday Restrike 
Event Observation Period w ill be extended to the extent necessary until (1) (if the Underlying 
is an Index or a SGI Index) the level of the Underlying is calculated and disseminated by the 
Underlying Sponsor or, the Underlying Calculation Agent, as the case may be and (2) (for any 
type of Underlying including, for the avoidance of doubt, an Index or a SGI Index) the 
Exchange and the Related Exchange are open for continuous trading for an aggregate period 
of 15 minutes.

--- Page 297 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
297 
 
If 
the 
Intraday 
Restrike 
Event 
Observation 
Period 
w ould 
not 
end 
by 
the 
TimeReferenceClosing: (1) such day w ill not be a Valuation Date for the purposes of 
determining any element of the Leveraged Strategy, except (a) for the purpose of calculating 
LSL(i',vREF(v)) and AdjPrice(i') (and the constituent parts thereof) corresponding to the 
applicable Intraday Restrike Event and (b) for the purpose of calculating LSL(i',vREF(v)) and 
AdjPrice(i') (and the constituent parts thereof) w ith respect to any previous Intraday Restrike 
Event that has occurred on such day, if any; and (2) such Intraday Restrike Event Observation 
Period shall be extended to the follow ing Valuation Date to the extent necessary until the 
Calculation Agent determines that (a) (if the Underlying is an Index or a SGI Index) the level 
of the Underlying is calculated and disseminated by the Underlying Sponsor or, the Underlying 
Calculation Agent, as the case may be and (b) (for any type of Underlying including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, an Index or a SGI Index) the Exchange and the Related Exchange are 
open for continuous trading for an aggregate period of 15 minutes. 
For the purpose of determining the Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period only, the 
Exchange shall not be considered to be open for continuous trading during its closing auction 
period (as provided under the rules of the Exchange). 
Intraday 
Restrike 
Event 
Reference Day  
means in respect of an Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period, the day on w hich the 
Intraday Restrike Event Reference Time occurs. 
Intraday 
Restrike 
Event 
Reference Time  
means [in respect of an Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period, the Calculation Time on 
w hich the Leveraged Strategy Level reaches its low est value during such period][the end of 
the Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period]. 
Intraday Restrike Event Time  
means in respect of an Intraday Restrike Event, the Calculation Time on w hich such event 
occurs. 
LSL(i',VREF(v))  
is calculated in accordance w ith the follow ing formulae: 
(1) 
w here, in respect of an Intraday Restrike Event, one or more Intraday Restrike Event 
Times have previously occurred w ith an Intraday Restrike Event Reference Time 
occurring on (i'), then (w ith the latest Intraday Restrike Event Reference Time 
immediately preceding VREF(v) being "v1"): 
LSL(i',VREF(v)) = LSL(i',v1) x (1 + Leverage x ((Price(i',VREF(v)) /Price(i',v1)) – 1)) 
Where LSL(i',v1) is determined in accordance w ith Condition 3.1.5.5.4 of the Additional Terms 
and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants but w ith "VREF(v)" replaced 
by "v1". 
(2) 
In circumstances other than those set out in (1): 
LSL(i',VREF(v)) 
= 
LSLREF(i(REF)) 
x 
(1 
+ 
Leverage 
x 
((Price(i',VREF(v)) 
/ 
AdjPrice(i(REF))) -1) + (1-Leverage) x Rate(i(REF)) x (ACT(i(REF),i') / DayCountBasisRat e))  
LSLREF(i(REF))  
means, if i(REF) is an Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day; then LSL(i'',v1); or otherw ise 
LSCL(i'-1). 
[Price(i',VREF(v))] 
[means the time w eighted average price of the Underlying during the Intraday Restrike Event 
Observation Period.]

--- Page 298 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
298 
 
VREF(v) 
means the latest Intraday Restrike Event Reference Time preceding, and excluding, 
Calculation Time(v). 
3.1.6 
Fixed Leverage on Futures – Methodology 2 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.1.6, the follow ing applies: 
3.1.6.0 Product Description 
 
This Product may be subject to Event-linked Early Expiration: 
 
If an Early Expiration Event is deemed to have occurred, the Product Formula used to determine the Early 
Settlement Price relies on the then level of the Leveraged Strategy. 
 
Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final 
Settlement Price in respect of this Product is determined on the basis of the level of the Leveraged Strategy. 
The strategy to w hich the performance of the Warrant is linked is the Leveraged Strategy w hich consists of leveraged exposure to 
the price of the future contract w ith a Leverage factor "Leverage" and a hypothetical money market instrument. 
The notional exposure of the Leveraged Strategy to the price of the future contract is revised on each Valuation Date in order to take 
into account the Leveraged Strategy Closing Level as of the previous Valuation Date, as further described hereinafter. 
3.1.6.1 Event-linked Early Expiration: Applicable 
Early Expiration Event is deemed to have occurred, if on any Valuation Date(i), LSCL(i) [is low er] [is higher] than [or equal to] 
BarrierLevelAutocall(i). 
Early Settlement Price(i) = Notional Amount x Product Formula(i) 
Product Formula(i) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP + (1 / BaseAmount) x Max(InitialValue x (FX(0) / FX(RVD(i))) x (LSCL(RVD(i)) / 
LSCL(0)) x Hedging Fees Factor(i);0) 
3.1.6.2 Final Settlement Price: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP + (1 / BaseAmount) x Max(InitialValue x (FX(0) / FX(T)) x (LSCL(T) / LSCL(0)) x 
Hedging Fees Factor(T);0) 
3.1.6.3 Variable Data: 
BarrierLevelAutocall 
BaseAmount 
BaseCurrency 
BaseSettlementLevel_ESP 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP 
BSCLInitial 
ContractTable1

--- Page 299 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
299 
 
ContractTable2 
DailyRestrikePercentage 
DayCountBasisCommission 
DayCountBasisRate 
FXSource 
InitialValue 
Leverage 
LeveragedStrategyCurrency 
LSCLInitial 
RateOvernight 
RateOvernightScreenPage 
RollEndDate 
RollStartDate 
TimeReferenceClosing 
TimeReferenceOpening 
TRUSCLInitial 
The Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 below . 
3.1.6.4 Applicable Rates: 
%CollatCostRate 
%CommissionRate 
%Gap&ReplicationRate 
%QuantoRate 
%MarginCost 
The Applicable Rates are defined under Condition 3.1.0 above. 
3.1.6.5 Specific Definition(s): 
3.1.6.5.1 Specific Definitions relating to the determination of the Product Formula 
 
ACT(i-1;i) 
Means the number of calendar days betw een the Valuation Date(i-1) (included) and the 
Valuation Date(i) (excluded)

--- Page 300 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
300 
 
FX(i) 
 means, for any Valuation Date(i), the closing spot exchange rate to convert the BaseCurrency 
into the LeveragedStrategyCurrency in respect of such Valuation Date(i), as published by the 
FXSource, or any successor thereto. If no such rate is available on such Valuation Date(i), 
FX(i) shall be the first available closing spot exchange rate to convert the BaseCurrency into 
the LeveragedStrategyCurrency follow ing such day, as published by the FXSource, or any 
successor thereto or, in the absence of such successor, such other primary source as the 
Calculation Agent deems appropriate. 
Hedging Fees Factor(i) 
(i from 1 to T) 
means: 
Product(for t from 1 to i) (1 –(%CommissionRate(t-1) 
+ %Gap&ReplicationRate(t-1) 
+%CollatCostRate(t-1) + %QuantoRate(t-1)) x (ACT(t-1;t) / DayCountBasisCommission)) 
3.1.6.5.2 Specific Definitions relating to the Leveraged Strategy 
 
Benchmark Strategy 
Means, for each Valuation Date(i) and Calculation Time(v), a basket of contracts, the contracts 
being allocated and selected according to the definitions of CActive or Active Future Contract, 
CNextActive or Next Active Future Contract and CRW(i) below . 
Benchmark Strategy Closing 
Level or BSCL(i) 
Means, for each Valuation Date(i), the closing level of the Benchmark Strategy as of such 
Valuation Date(i), calculated in accordance w ith the follow ing formula: 
BSCL(i) = BSCL(i-1) x ((CRW(i) x CSL(i,CActive) + (1 – CRW(i)) x CSL(i,CNextActive)) / 
(CRW(i) x CSL(i-1,CActive) + (1 – CRW(i)) x CSL(i-1,CNextActive))) 
With BSCL(0) = BSCLInitial 
Benchmark Strategy Level or 
BSL(i,v) 
Means, for each Valuation Date(i) and Calculation Time(v), the level of the Benchmark 
Strategy as of such Valuation Date(i) and such Calculation Time(v), calculated in accordance 
w ith the follow ing formula: 
BSL(i,v)= BSCL(i-1) x ((CRW(i) x CL(i,v,CActive) + (1 – CRW(i)) x CL(i,v,CNextActive)) / 
(CRW(i) x CSL(i-1,CActive) + (1 – CRW(i)) x CSL(i-1,CNextActive))) 
CashRate or CashRate(i)  
means, for each Valuation Date(i), the rate calculated as follow s: 
[if Option 3-M onth US T-Bill Discount Rate is applicable] 
[CashRate(i) = (1 / (1 – (91/DayCountBasisRate) x TBDR(i-1)))^(1/91) – 1 
Where TBDR(i-1) means the latest discount rate of the 3-Month US Treasury Bill as displayed 
on "USB3MTA Index" Bloomberg Page (or, if applicable, any successor service or page used 
by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of ascertaining such rate) as of Valuation Date (i-1) 
PROVIDED THAT if TBDR is not displayed on the "USB3MTA Index" Bloomberg Page (or, if 
applicable, any successor service or page used by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of 
ascertaining such rate) for a period of more than 7 Valuation Dates and such rate is, in the 
opinion of the Calculation Agent, reasonably expected to be discontinued (such rate then being 
the "Discontinued Rate") then the Calculation Agent shall determine CashRate(i) (a) by 
selecting a successor rate for such Discontinued Rate w hich offers similar economic  
characteristics to the Discontinued Rate or, if the Calculation Agent determines that no such 
successor rate exists, (b) on the basis of the cost that Societe Generale w ould charge or be 
charged to borrow  cash in the LeveragedStrategyCurrency on an overnight basis.]

--- Page 301 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
301 
 
[If Option Other Rate is applicable] 
[ 
(1) 
the 
level 
of the 
RateOvernight 
for such 
Valuation 
Date(i) 
divided 
by 
DayCountBasisRate; or 
(2) 
the last available level displayed of RateOvernight divided by DayCountBasisRate, if 
a level of RateOvernight dated as of such Valuation Date(i), 
in both cases as determined by the Calculation Agent PROVIDED THAT if in the case of (2) 
above RateOvernight is not displayed on the RateOvernightScreenPage (or, if applicable, any 
successor service or page used by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of ascertaining such 
rate) for a period of more than 7 Valuation Dates and such rate is, in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent, reasonably expected to be discontinued (such rate then being the 
"Discontinued Rate") then the Calculation Agent shall determine CashRate(i) (a) by selecting 
a successor rate for such Discontinued Rate w hich offers similar economic characteristics to 
the Discontinued Rate or, if the Calculation Agent determines that no such successor rate 
exists, (b) on the basis of the cost that Societe Generale w ould charge or be charged to borrow  
cash in the LeveragedStrategyCurrency on an overnight basis.] 
CActive 
or Active 
Future 
Contract 
means, for each Valuation Date(i), the active future contract to be used w hen calculating the 
Benchmark Strategy Closing Level or the Benchmark Strategy Level as of such Valuation 
Date(i). 
The Active Future Contract is determined in accordance w ith the follow ing roll schedule: 
[insert the ContractTable1] 
CNextActive or Next Active 
Future Contract 
means, for each Valuation Date(i), the next active future contract to be used w hen calculating 
the Leveraged Strategy Closing Level or the Leveraged Strategy Level as of such Valuation 
Date(i). 
The Next Active Future Contract is determined in accordance w ith the follow ing roll schedule:  
[insert the ContractTable2] 
CRW(i) 
means, in respect of Valuation Date(i) occurring in a particular month, the percentage of the 
Active Future Contract used in the calculation of the Benchmark Strategy Closing Level on a 
Valuation Date (i) determined as the follow ing: 
If Valuation Date(i) occurs before a RollStartDate in the relevant month: 
CRW(i) = 100% 
If Valuation Date(i) occurs in the period from, and including, a RollStartDate to, and including 
a RollEndDate in the relevant month[, then this Valuation Date(i) w ill be a Rolling Date as 
defined in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Future Linked Warrants and]: 
CRW(i) = 100% x DayCount(i ; RollEndDate) / DayCount(RollStartDate ; RollEndDate) 
If Valuation Date(i) occurs after a RollEndDate in the relevant month: 
CRW(i) = 0% 
Contract Settlement Level or 
CSL(i,C) 
means, for each Valuation Date(i), and a contract (C), the [Commodity] Reference Price of the 
contract (C), calculated and published by the Exchange, as of the Valuation Date(i).

--- Page 302 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
302 
 
Total 
Return 
Unleveraged 
Strategy Closing Level or 
TRUSCL(i) 
Means, for each Valuation Date(i), the total return closing level of the unleveraged strategy as 
of such Valuation Date(i), calculated in accordance w ith the follow ing formulae: 
On Valuation Date(0): 
TRUSCL(0) = TRUSCLInitial 
On each subsequent Valuation Date(i): 
TRUSCL(i) = TRUSCL(i-1) x (BSCL(i)/BSCL(i-1) + ACT(i-1;i) x Rate(i)) 
Total 
Return 
Unleveraged 
Strategy Level or TRUSL(i,v) 
Means, for each Valuation Date(i) and Calculation Time(v), the total return level of the 
unleveraged strategy as of such Valuation Date(i) and such Calculation Time(v), calculated in 
accordance w ith the follow ing formula: 
TRUSL(i,v) = TRLUSCL(i-1) x (BSL(i,v)/BSCL(i-1) + ACT(i-1;i) x Rate(i-1)) 
Intraday Contract Level or 
CL(i, v, C) 
means, in respect of each Valuation Date(i), Calculation Time(v) and contract (C), the Intraday 
Price of the contract as of such Valuation Date (i) and Calculation Time (v). 
Leveraged Strategy Closing 
Level or LSCL(i) 
means, for any Valuation Date(i), the Closing Level of the Leveraged Strategy as of such day 
(i), as such level may be adjusted in accordance w ith the paragraph titled "Extraordinary 
Strategy Adjustment for Performance Reasons" below . 
Subject to the occurrence of an Intraday Restrike Event (follow ing w hich the Leveraged 
Strategy Closing 
Level w ill be determined 
in accordance w ith the paragraph titled 
"Extraordinary Strategy Adjustment for Performance Reasons" below ), for each Valuation 
Date(i), the Leveraged Strategy Closing Level as of such Valuation Date(i) is calculated in 
accordance w ith the follow ing formulae: 
On Valuation Date(0): 
LSCL(0) = LSCLInitial 
On each subsequent Valuation Date(i): 
LSCL(i) = Max(LSCL(i-1) x (1 + Leverage x (TRUSCL(i) / TRUSCL(i-1) – 1) – (Leverage – 1) 
x Rate(i) xACT(i-1;i)); 0) 
For the purposes of determining LSCL(i) on a Valuation Date immediately follow ing an Intraday 
Restrike Event Reference Day, references to (i-1) in the formula of LSCL(i) above shall be 
deemed to be references to (i') (as defined in the paragraph titled "Extraordinary Strategy 
Adjustment for Performance Reasons" below ). 
Leveraged Strategy Level or 
LSL(i,v) 
means, for any Valuation Date(i) and any Calculation Time(v), the latest level of the Leveraged 
Strategy as of such Calculation Time(v), as such level may be adjusted in accordance w ith the 
paragraph titled "Extraordinary Strategy Adjustment for Performance Reasons" below . 
Subject to the occurrence of an Intraday Restrike Event (follow ing w hich the Leveraged 
Strategy Level w ill be determined in accordance w ith the paragraph titled "Extraordinary 
Strategy Adjustment for Performance Reasons" below ), for each Valuation Date(i) and each 
Calculation Time(v), the Leveraged Strategy Level as of such Calculation Time(v) is 
calculated in accordance w ith the follow ing formula: 
LSL(i,v) = Max(LSCL(i-1) x (1 + Leverage x (TRUSL(i,v) / TRLSCL(i-1) – 1) – (Leverage – 1) 
x Rate(i-1)) ; 0)

--- Page 303 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
303 
 
Rate or Rate(i)  
means, for each Valuation Date(i), an annual rate calculated as of such day in accordance 
w ith the follow ing formula: 
Rate(i) = CashRate(i) – %MarginCost(i) 
Rolling Dates(s) 
means, in respect of each month, each period from a RollStartDate (included) up to follow ing 
RollEndDate (included). 
Calculation Time 
means w ith respect to the Underlying and a Valuation Time(i), any time betw een the 
TimeReferenceOpening and the TimeReferenceClosing, provided that the relevant data is 
available to enable the Calculation Agent to determine the Leveraged Strategy Level. 
DayCount( i1 ; i2 ) 
means the number of Valuation Dates betw een Valuation Date(i1) (included) and Valuation 
Date(i2) (included). 
Underlying Level 
Means in respect of Valuation Date(i) and a Calculation Time(v), the Benchmark Strategy 
Level as of such Valuation Date(i) and Calculation Time(v). 
3.1.6.5.3 Extraordinary Strategy Adjustment for Performance Reas ons 
 
(i') 
means the Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day w hich corresponds to the Intraday Restrike 
Event immediately preceding the Calculation Time(v). 
Adj_TRUSL(i’) 
Means, in respect of a contract (C): 
Adj_TRUSL(i’) = TRUSL(i',VREF(v)) 
Adj_TRUSL(i(REF)) 
Means, in respect of a contract (C): 
(1) 
if i(REF) is an Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day and, then: 
Adj_TRUSL(i(REF)) = TRUSL(i'',v1) 
(2) 
or otherw ise: 
Adj_TRUSL(i(REF)) = TRUSCL(i'-1) 
Extraordinary 
Strategy 
Adjustment for Performance 
Reasons 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Intraday Restrike Event has occurred at a 
Calculation Time(v) during a Valuation Date(i), an adjustment (an Extraordinary Strategy 
Adjustment for Performance Reasons) shall take place during such Valuation Date(i) in 
accordance w ith the follow ing provisions. 
The real time calculation of the Leveraged Strategy shall be suspended during the Intraday 
Restrike Event Observation Period and resume w ithin 15 minutes follow ing the end of such 
Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period (the point of such resumption being the 
Calculation Resume Time and the day on w hich such resumption occurs being the 
Calculation Resume Day or CRD). For the purposes of the determination of Extraordinary 
Strategy Adjustment for Performance Reasons and the corresponding Leveraged Strategy 
Level, references to dates (i) shall be read as references to dates (CRD) w here expressly 
indicated. Should the end of the Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period occur less than 
15 minutes before the TimeReferenceClosing on the Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day,

--- Page 304 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
304 
 
the Calculation Resume Time shall be the TimeReferenceClosing w hich immediately 
follow s the end of the Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period. 
On each Calculation Resume Day, from the Calculation Resume Time, LSCL(CRD) and 
LSL(CRD,v) w ill be determined as follow s: 
For each Calculation Time(v) during such Calculation Resume Day follow ing the end of the 
Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period, the Leveraged Strategy Level is calculated 
according to the follow ing formula: 
LSL(CRD,v) = Max(LSL(i',VREF(v))x (1 + Leverage x (TRUSL(CRD,v) / Adj_TRUSL(i’) – 1) – 
(Leverage – 1) x Rate(’'-1) x ACT(i’,CRD) ; 0) 
And at the TimeReferenceClosing of such Calculation Resume Day: 
LSL(CRD) = Max(LSL(i',VREF(v))x (1 + Leverage x (TRLUSCL(CRD) / Adj_TRUSL(i’) – 1) – 
(Leverage – 1) x Rate(i’) x ACT(i’,CRD) ) ; 0) 
i(REF) 
means the latest of the (1) Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day immediately preceding (i’) 
in w hich case i(REF) is referred to as (i’’) and the latest Intraday Restrike Event Reference 
Time on such Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day is referred to as (v1) (2) the Valuation 
Date w hich immediately precedes (i’) in w hich case i(REF) is referred to as (i'-1). 
Intraday Reference Level 
means in respect of Valuation Date(i) and a Calculation Time(v), (1) the Underlying Level as 
of the last Intraday Restrike Event Reference Time preceding and excluding such Calculation 
Time(v) or (2) if no Intraday Restrike Event has occurred on such day, the Benchmark 
Strategy Closing Level on the immediately preceding Valuation Date. 
Intraday Restrike Event 
If Leverage > 0: 
means in respect of a Valuation Date(i), the decrease at a Calculation Time(v) of the ratio of 
the Underlying Level to the Intraday Reference Level below  the DailyRestrikePercentage of 
the relevant Intraday Reference Level at such Calculation Time. 
If Leverage < 0: 
means, in respect of a Valuation Date(i), the increase at a Calculation Time(v) of the ratio of 
the Underlying Level to the Intraday Reference Level above the DailyRestrikePercentage of 
the relevant Intraday Reference Level at such Calculation Time. 
Intraday 
Restrike 
Event 
Observation Period 
means in respect of an Intraday Restrike Event, the period starting on and excluding the 
Intraday Restrike Event Time and finishing on and including the time falling 15 minutes after 
the Intraday Restrike Event Time. 
Where, during such 15 minute period, the Calculation Agent determines that the Exchange is 
not open for continuous trading, the Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period w ill be 
extended to the extent necessary until the Exchange is open for continuous trading for an 
aggregate period of 15 minutes. 
If 
the 
Intraday 
Restrike 
Event 
Observation 
Period 
w ould 
not 
end 
by 
the 
TimeReferenceClosing: (1) such day w ill not be a Valuation Date for the purposes of 
determining any element of the Leveraged Strategy, except (a) for the purpose of calculating 
LSL(i’,VREF(v)) (and the constituent parts thereof) corresponding to the applicable Intraday 
Restrike Event and (b) for the purpose of calculating LSL(i’,VREF(v)) (and the constituent 
parts thereof) w ith respect to any previous Intraday Restrike Event that has occurred on such 
day, if any; and (2) such Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period shall be extended to the

--- Page 305 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
305 
 
follow ing Valuation Date to the extent necessary until the Calculation Agent determines that 
the Exchange is open for continuous trading for an aggregate period of 15 minutes. 
For the purpose of determining the Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period only, the 
Exchange shall not be considered to be open for continuous trading during its closing auction 
period (as provided under the rules of the Exchange). 
Intraday 
Restrike 
Event 
Reference Day 
 
means, in respect of an Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period, the day on w hich the 
Intraday Restrike Event Reference Time occurs. 
Intraday 
Restrike 
Event 
Reference Time 
means [, in respect of an Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period, the Calculation Time 
on w hich the Leveraged Strategy Level reaches its low est value during such period.] 
[the end of the Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period] 
Intraday Restrike Event Time 
means in respect of an Intraday Restrike Event, the Calculation Time on w hich such event 
occurs. 
LSL(i’,VREF(v))  
is calculated in accordance w ith the follow ing formulae: 
(1) 
w here, in respect of an Intraday Restrike Event, one or more Intraday Restrike Event 
Times have previously occurred w ith an Intraday Restrike Event Reference Time 
occurring on (i’), then (w ith the latest Intraday Restrike Event Reference Time, 
immediately preceding VREF(v), being "v1"): 
LSL(i',VREF(v)) = Max(LSL(i',v1) x (1 + Leverage x (TRUSL(i',VREF(v)) / TRUSL(i',v1) – 1)) 
; 0) 
Where LSL(i',v1) is determined in accordance w ith Extraordinary Strategy Adjustment for 
Performance Reasons but w ith "VREF(v)" replaced by "v1". 
(2) 
in circumstances other than those set out in (1): 
LSL(i',VREF(v)) 
= Max(LSLREF(i(REF)) 
x (1 + Leverage x (TRUSL(i',VREF(v)) 
/ 
Adj_TRUSL(i(REF))) – 1) + (1-Leverage) x Rate(i(REF)) x (ACT(i(REF),i'))) ; 0) 
LSLREF(i(REF))  
means, if i(REF) is an Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day then LSL(i'',v1); or otherw ise 
LSCL(i'-1). 
[TRUSL(i',VREF(v))] 
[means the time w eighted average price of the Total Return Unleveraged Strategy Level 
during the Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period.] 
VREF(v) 
means the latest Intraday Restrike Event Reference Time preceding, and excluding, 
Calculation Time(v). 
3.1.7 
Fixed Leverage on Futures – Methodology 3 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.1.7, the follow ing applies:

--- Page 306 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
306 
 
3.1.7.0 Product Description 
 
This Product may be subject to Event-linked Early Expiration: 
 
If an Early Expiration Event is deemed to have occurred, the Product Formula used to determine the Early 
Settlement Price relies on the then level of the Leveraged Strategy. 
 
Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final 
Settlement Price in respect of this Product is determined on the basis of the level of the Leveraged Strategy. 
The strategy to w hich the performance of the Warrant is linked is the Leveraged Strategy w hich consists of leveraged exposure to 
the price of the future contract w ith a Leverage factor "Leverage" and a hypothetical money market instrument. 
The notional exposure of the Leveraged Strategy to the price of the future contract is revised on each Valuation Date in order to take 
into account the Leveraged Strategy Closing Level as of the previous Valuation Date, as further described hereinafter. 
3.1.7.1 Event-linked Early Expiration: Applicable 
Early Expiration Event is deemed to have occurred, if on any Valuation Date(i), LSCL(i) [is low er] [is higher] than [or equal to] 
BarrierLevelAutocall(i). 
Early Settlement Price(i) = Notional Amount x Product Formula(i) 
Product Formula(i) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP + (1 / BaseAmount) x Max(InitialValue x (FX(0) / FX(RVD(i))) x (LSCL(RVD(i)) / 
LSCL(0)) x Hedging Fees Factor(i);0) 
3.1.7.2 Final Settlement Price: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP + (1 / BaseAmount) x Max(InitialValue x (FX(0) / FX(T)) x (LSCL(T) / LSCL(0)) x 
Hedging Fees Factor(T);0) 
3.1.7.3 Variable Data: 
BarrierLevelAutocall 
BaseAmount 
BaseCurrency 
BaseSettlementLevel_ESP 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP 
BSCLInitial 
ContractTable1 
ContractTable2 
DailyRestrikePercentage 
DayCountBasisCommission 
DayCountBasisRate

--- Page 307 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
307 
 
ERLSCLInitial 
FXSource 
InitialValue 
Leverage 
LeveragedStrategyCurrency 
LSCLInitial 
RateOvernight 
RateOvernightScreenPage 
RollEndDate 
RollStartDate 
TimeReferenceClosing 
TimeReferenceOpening 
The Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 below . 
3.1.7.4 Applicable Rates: 
%CollatCostRate 
%CommissionRate 
%Gap&ReplicationRate 
%QuantoRate 
%MarginCost 
The Applicable Rates are defined under Condition 3.1.0 above. 
3.1.7.5 Specific Definition(s): 
3.1.7.5.1 Specific Definitions relating to the determination of the Product Formula 
 
ACT(i-1;i) 
Means the number of calendar days betw een the Valuation Date(i-1) (included) and the 
Valuation Date(i) (excluded) 
FX(i) 
means, for any Valuation Date(i), the closing spot exchange rate to convert the BaseCurrency 
into the LeveragedStrategyCurrency in respect of such Valuation Date(i), as published by the 
FXSource, or any successor thereto. If no such rate is available on such Valuation Date(i), 
FX(i) shall be the first available closing spot exchange rate to convert the BaseCurrency into 
the LeveragedStrategyCurrency follow ing such day, as published by the FXSource, or any 
successor thereto or, in the absence of such successor, such other primary source as the 
Calculation Agent deems appropriate.

--- Page 308 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
308 
 
Hedging Fees Factor(i) 
(i from 1 to T) 
means: 
Product(for t from 1 to i) (1 –(%CommissionRate(t-1) 
+ %Gap&ReplicationRate(t-1) 
+%CollatCostRate(t-1) + %QuantoRate(t-1)) x (ACT(t-1;t) / DayCountBasisCommission)) 
3.1.7.5.2 Specific Definitions relating to the Leveraged Strategy 
 
Benchmark Strategy 
Means, for each Valuation Date(i) and Calculation Time(v), a basket of contracts, the contracts 
being allocated and selected according to the definitions of CActive or Active Future Contract, 
CNextActive or Next Active Future Contract and CRW(i) below . 
Benchmark Strategy Closing 
Level or BSCL(i) 
Means, for each Valuation Date(i), the closing level of the Benchmark Strategy as of such 
Valuation Date(i), calculated in accordance w ith the follow ing formula: 
BSCL(i) = BSCL(i-1) x ((CRW(i) x CSL(i,CActive) + (1 – CRW(i)) x CSL(i,CNextActive)) / 
(CRW(i) x CSL(i-1,CActive) + (1 – CRW(i)) x CSL(i-1,CNextActive))) 
With BSCL(0) = BSCLInitial 
Benchmark Strategy Level or 
BSL(i,v) 
Means, for each Valuation Date(i) and Calculation Time(v), the level of the Benchmark 
Strategy as of such Valuation Date(i) and such Calculation Time(v), calculated in accordance 
w ith the follow ing formula: 
BSL(i,v)= BSCL(i-1) x ((CRW(i) x CL(i,v,CActive) + (1 – CRW(i)) x CL(i,v,CNextActive)) / 
(CRW(i) x CSL(i-1,CActive) + (1 – CRW(i)) x CSL(i-1,CNextActive))) 
CashRate or CashRate(i)  
means, for each Valuation Date(i), the rate calculated as follow s: 
[if Option 3-M onth US T-Bill Discount Rate is applicable] 
[CashRate(i) = (1 / (1 – (91/DayCountBasisRate) x TBDR(i-1)))^(1/91) – 1 
Where TBDR(i-1) means the latest discount rate of the 3-Month US Treasury Bill as displayed 
on "USB3MTA Index" Bloomberg Page (or, if applicable, any successor service or page used 
by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of ascertaining such rate) as of Valuation Date (i-1) 
PROVIDED THAT if TBDR is not displayed on the "USB3MTA Index" Bloomberg Page (or, if 
applicable, any successor service or page used by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of 
ascertaining such rate) for a period of more than 7 Valuation Dates and such rate is, in the 
opinion of the Calculation Agent, reasonably expected to be discontinued (such rate then being 
the "Discontinued Rate") then the Calculation Agent shall determine CashRate(i) (a) by 
selecting a successor rate for such Discontinued Rate w hich offers similar economic 
characteristics to the Discontinued Rate or, if the Calculation Agent determines that no such 
successor rate exists, (b) on the basis of the cost that Societe Generale w ould charge or be 
charged to borrow  cash in the LeveragedStrategyCurrency on an overnight basis.] 
[If Option Other Rate is applicable] 
[ 
(1) 
the 
level 
of the 
RateOvernight 
for such 
Valuation 
Date(i) 
divided 
by 
DayCountBasisRate; or 
(2) 
the last available level displayed of RateOvernight divided by DayCountBasisRate, if 
a level of RateOvernight dated as of such Valuation Date(i),

--- Page 309 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
309 
 
in both cases as determined by the Calculation Agent PROVIDED THAT if in the case of (2) 
above RateOvernight is not displayed on the RateOvernightScreenPage (or, if applicable, any 
successor service or page used by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of ascertaining such 
rate) for a period of more than 7 Valuation Dates and such rate is, in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent, reasonably expected to be discontinued (such rate then being the 
"Discontinued Rate") then the Calculation Agent shall determine CashRate(i) (a) by selecting 
a successor rate for such Discontinued Rate w hich offers similar economic characteristics to 
the Discontinued Rate or, if the Calculation Agent determines that no such successor rate 
exists, (b) on the basis of the cost that Societe Generale w ould charge or be charged to borrow  
cash in the LeveragedStrategyCurrency on an overnight basis.] 
CActive 
or Active 
Future 
Contract 
means, for each Valuation Date(i), the active future contract to be used w hen calculating the 
Benchmark Strategy Closing Level or the Benchmark Strategy Level as of such Valuation 
Date(i). 
The Active Future Contract is determined in accordance w ith the follow ing roll schedule: 
[insert the ContractTable1] 
CNextActive or Next Active 
Future Contract 
means, for each Valuation Date(i), the next active future contract to be used w hen calculating 
the Leveraged Strategy Closing Level or the Leveraged Strategy Level as of such Valuation 
Date(i). 
The Next Active Future Contract is determined in accordance w ith the follow ing roll schedule: 
[insert the ContractTable2] 
CRW(i) 
means, in respect of Valuation Date(i) occurring in a particular month, the percentage of the 
Active Future Contract used in the calculation of the Benchmark Strategy Closing Level on a 
Valuation Date (i) determined as the follow ing: 
If Valuation Date(i) occurs before a RollStartDate in the relevant month: 
CRW(i) = 100% 
If Valuation Date(i) occurs in the period from, and including, a RollStartDate to, and including 
a RollEndDate in the relevant month[, then this Valuation Date(i) w ill be a Rolling Date as 
defined in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Future Linked Warrants and]: 
CRW(i) = 100% x DayCount(i ; RollEndDate) / DayCount(RollStartDate ; RollEndDate) 
If Valuation Date(i) occurs after a RollEndDate in the relevant month: 
CRW(i) = 0% 
Contract Settlement Level or 
CSL(i,C) 
means, for each Valuation Date(i), and a contract (C), the [Commodity] Reference Price of the 
contract (C), calculated and published by the Exchange, as of the Valuation Date(i). 
Excess 
Return 
Leveraged 
Strategy Closing Level or 
ERLSCL(i) 
Means, for each Valuation Date(i), the total return closing level of the unleveraged strategy as 
of such Valuation Date(i), calculated in accordance w ith the follow ing formulae: 
On Valuation Date(0): 
ERLSCL(0) = ERLSCLInitial 
On each subsequent Valuation Date(i):

--- Page 310 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
310 
 
ERLSCL(i) = Max(ERLSCL(i-1) x (1 + Leverage x ((BSCL(i) / BSCL(i-1)) -1)) ; 0) 
Excess 
Return 
Leveraged 
Strategy Level or ERLSL(i,v) 
Means, for each Valuation Date(i) and Calculation Time(v), the total return level of the 
unleveraged strategy as of such Valuation Date(i) and such Calculation Time(v), calculated in 
accordance w ith the follow ing formula: 
ERLSL(i,v) = Max(ERLSCL(i-1) x (1 + Leverage x ((BSL(i,v) / BSCL(i-1)) -1)) ; 0) 
Intraday Contract Level or 
CL(i, v, C) 
means, in respect of each Valuation Date(i), Calculation Time(v) and contract (C), the Intraday 
Price of the contract as of such Valuation Date (i) and Calculation Time (v). 
Leveraged Strategy Closing 
Level or LSCL(i) 
means, for any Valuation Date(i), the Closing Level of the Leveraged Strategy as of such day 
(i), as such level may be adjusted in accordance w ith the paragraph titled "Extraordinary 
Strategy Adjustment for Performance Reasons" below . 
Subject to the occurrence of an Intraday Restrike Event (follow ing w hich the Leveraged 
Strategy Closing 
Level w ill be determined 
in accordance w ith the paragraph titled 
"Extraordinary Strategy Adjustment for Performance Reasons" below ), for each Valuation 
Date(i), the Leveraged Strategy Closing Level as of such Valuation Date(i) is calculated in 
accordance w ith the follow ing formulae: 
On Valuation Date(0): 
LSCL(0) = LSCLInitial 
On each subsequent Valuation Date(i): 
LSCL(i) = LSCL(i-1) x (1 + (ERLSCL(i) / ERLSCL(i-1) – 1) + Rate(i-1) x ACT(i-1,i)) 
For the purposes of determining LSCL(i) on a Valuation Date immediately follow ing an Intraday 
Restrike Event Reference Day, references to (i-1) in the formula of LSCL(i) above shall be 
deemed to be references to (i') (as defined in the paragraph titled "Extraordinary Strategy 
Adjustment for Performance Reasons" below ). 
Leveraged Strategy Level or 
LSL(i,v) 
means, for any Valuation Date(i) and any Calculation Time(v), the latest level of the Leveraged 
Strategy as of such Calculation Time(v), as such level may be adjusted in accordance w ith the 
paragraph titled "Extraordinary Strategy Adjustment for Performance Reasons" below . 
Subject to the occurrence of an Intraday Restrike Event (follow ing w hich the Leveraged 
Strategy Level w ill be determined in accordance w ith the paragraph titled "Extraordinary 
Strategy Adjustment for Performance Reasons" below ), for each Valuation Date(i) and each 
Calculation Time(v), the Leveraged Strategy Level as of such Calculation Time(v) is 
calculated in accordance w ith the follow ing formula: 
LSL(i,v) = LSL(i-1) x (1 + (ERLSL(i,v) / ERLSCL(i-1) – 1) + Rate(i-1) x ACT(i-1,i)) 
Rate or Rate(i)  
means, for each Valuation Date(i), an annual rate calculated as of such day in accordance 
w ith the follow ing formula: 
Rate(i) = CashRate(i) – %MarginCost(i) 
Rolling Dates(s) 
means, in respect of each month, each period from a RollStartDate (included) up to follow ing 
RollEndDate (included).

--- Page 311 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
311 
 
Calculation Time 
means w ith respect to the Underlying and a Valuation Time(i), any time betw een the 
TimeReferenceOpening and the TimeReferenceClosing, provided that the relevant data is 
available to enable the Calculation Agent to determine the Leveraged Strategy Level. 
DayCount( i1 ; i2 ) 
means the number of Valuation Dates betw een Valuation Date(i1) (included) and Valuation 
Date(i2) (included). 
Underlying Level 
Means in respect of Valuation Date(i) and a Calculation Time(v), the Benchmark Strategy 
Level as of such Valuation Date(i) and Calculation Time(v). 
3.1.7.5.3 Extraordinary Strategy Adjustment for Performance Reasons  
 
(i') 
means the Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day w hich corresponds to the Intraday Restrike 
Event immediately preceding the Calculation Time(v). 
Adj_ERLSL (i’) 
Means, in respect of a contract (C): 
Adj_ ERLSL (i’) = ERLSL(i',VREF(v)) 
Adj_ERLSL (i(REF)) 
Means, in respect of a contract (C): 
(1) 
if i(REF) is an Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day and, then: 
Adj_ERLSL(i(REF)) = ERLSL(i'',v1) 
(2) 
or otherw ise: 
Adj_ERLSL(i(REF)) = ERLSL(i'-1) 
Extraordinary 
Strategy 
Adjustment for Performance 
Reasons 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Intraday Restrike Event has occurred at a 
Calculation Time(v) during a Valuation Date(i), an adjustment (an Extraordinary Strategy 
Adjustment for Performance Reasons) shall take place during such Valuation Date(i) in 
accordance w ith the follow ing provisions. 
The real time calculation of the Leveraged Strategy shall be suspended during the Intraday 
Restrike Event Observation Period and resume w ithin 15 minutes follow ing the end of such 
Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period (the point of such resumption being the 
Calculation Resume Time and the day on w hich such resumption occurs being the 
Calculation Resume Day or CRD). For the purposes of the determination of Extraordinary 
Strategy Adjustment for Performance Reasons and the corresponding Leveraged Strategy 
Level, references to dates (i) shall be read as references to dates (CRD) w here expressly 
indicated. Should the end of the Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period occur less than 
15 minutes before the TimeReferenceClosing on the Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day, 
the Calculation Resume Time shall be the TimeReferenceClosing w hich immediately follows 
the end of the Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period. 
On each Calculation Resume Day, from the Calculation Resume Time, LSCL(CRD) and 
LSL(CRD,v) w ill be determined as follow s: 
For each Calculation Time(v) during such Calculation Resume Day follow ing the end of the 
Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period, the Leveraged Strategy Level is calculated 
according to the follow ing formula:

--- Page 312 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
312 
 
LSL(CRD,v) = LSL(i',VREF(v)) x (1 + (ERLSL(CRD,v) / Adj_ ERLSL(i’) – 1) + Rate(i’) x 
ACT(i’,CRD) ) 
And at the TimeReferenceClosing of such Calculation Resume Day: 
LSL(CRD) = LSL(i',VREF(v)) x (1 + (ERLSCL(CRD) / Adj_ ERLSL(i’) – 1) + Rate(i’) x 
ACT(i’,CRD) ) 
i(REF) 
means the latest of the (1) Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day immediately preceding (i’) 
in w hich case i(REF) is referred to as (i’’) and the latest Intraday Restrike Event Reference 
Time on such Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day is referred to as (v1) (2) the Valuation 
Date w hich immediately precedes (i’) in w hich case i(REF) is referred to as (i'-1). 
Intraday Reference Level 
means in respect of Valuation Date(i) and a Calculation Time(v), (1) the Underlying Level as 
of the last Intraday Restrike Event Reference Time preceding and excluding such Calculation 
Time(v) or (2) if no Intraday Restrike Event has occurred on such day, the Benchmark 
Strategy Closing Level on the immediately preceding Valuation Date. 
Intraday Restrike Event 
If Leverage > 0: 
means in respect of a Valuation Date(i), the decrease at a Calculation Time(v) of the ratio of 
the Underlying Level to the Intraday Reference Level below  the DailyRestrikePercentage of 
the relevant Intraday Reference Level at such Calculation Time. 
If Leverage < 0: 
means, in respect of a Valuation Date(i), the increase at a Calculation Time(v) of the ratio of 
the Underlying Level to the Intraday Reference Level above the DailyRestrikePercentage of 
the relevant Intraday Reference Level at such Calculation Time. 
Intraday 
Restrike 
Event 
Observation Period 
means in respect of an Intraday Restrike Event, the period starting on and excluding the 
Intraday Restrike Event Time and finishing on and including the time falling 15 minutes after 
the Intraday Restrike Event Time. 
Where, during such 15 minute period, the Calculation Agent determines that the Exchange is 
not open for continuous trading, the Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period w ill be 
extended to the extent necessary until the Exchange is open for continuous trading for an 
aggregate period of 15 minutes. 
If 
the 
Intraday 
Restrike 
Event 
Observation 
Period 
w ould 
not 
end 
by 
the 
TimeReferenceClosing: (1) such day w ill not be a Valuation Date for the purposes of 
determining any element of the Leveraged Strategy, except (a) for the purpose of calculating 
LSL(i’,VREF(v)) (and the constituent parts thereof) corresponding to the applicable Intraday 
Restrike Event and (b) for the purpose of calculating LSL(i’,VREF(v)) (and the constituent 
parts thereof) w ith respect to any previous Intraday Restrike Event that has occurred on such 
day, if any; and (2) such Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period shall be extended to the 
follow ing Valuation Date to the extent necessary until the Calculation Agent determines that 
the Exchange is open for continuous trading for an aggregate period of 15 minutes. 
For the purpose of determining the Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period only, the 
Exchange shall not be considered to be open for continuous trading during its closing auction 
period (as provided under the rules of the Exchange).

--- Page 313 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
313 
 
Intraday 
Restrike 
Event 
Reference Day 
 
means, in respect of an Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period, the day on w hich the 
Intraday Restrike Event Reference Time occurs. 
Intraday 
Restrike 
Event 
Reference Time 
means [, in respect of an Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period, the Calculation Time 
on w hich the Leveraged Strategy Level reaches its low est value during such period.] 
[the end of the Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period] 
Intraday Restrike Event Time 
means in respect of an Intraday Restrike Event, the Calculation Time on w hich such event 
occurs. 
LSL(i’,VREF(v))  
is calculated in accordance w ith the follow ing formulae: 
(1) 
w here, in respect of an Intraday Restrike Event, one or more Intraday Restrike Event 
Times have previously occurred w ith an Intraday Restrike Event Reference Time 
occurring on (i’), then (w ith the latest Intraday Restrike Event Reference Time, 
immediately preceding VREF(v), being "v1"): 
LSL(i',VREF(v)) = LSL(i',v1) x (1 + (ERLSL(i',VREF(v)) / ERLSL (i',v1) – 1)) 
Where LSL(i',v1) is determined in accordance w ith Extraordinary Strategy Adjustment for 
Performance Reasons but w ith "VREF(v)" replaced by "v1". 
(2) 
in circumstances other than those set out in (1): 
LSL(i',VREF(v)) = LSLREF(i(REF)) x (1 + (ERLSL(i',VREF(v)) / Adj_ ERLSL(i(REF))) – 1) + 
Rate(i(REF)) x (ACT(i(REF),i')) 
[ERLSL(i',VREF(v))] 
[means the time w eighted average price of the Excess Return Leveraged Strategy Level 
during the Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period.] 
LSLREF(i(REF))  
means, if i(REF) is an Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day then LSL(i'',v1); or otherw ise 
LSCL(i'-1). 
VREF(v) 
means the latest Intraday Restrike Event Reference Time preceding, and excluding, 
Calculation Time(v). 
3.1.8 
Fixed Leverage Bear – Multiplicative Formula and adjusted leverage 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.1.8, the follow ing applies: 
3.1.8.0 Product Description 
 
This Product may be subject to Event-linked Early Expiration: 
 
If an Early Expiration Event is deemed to have occurred, the Product Formula used to determine the Early 
Settlement Price relies on the then level of the Leveraged Strategy. 
 
Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final 
Settlement Price in respect of this Product is determined on the basis of the level of the Leveraged Strategy.

--- Page 314 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
314 
 
The strategy to w hich the performance of the Warrant is linked is the Leveraged Strategy which consists of leveraged short exposure 
to the Underlying w ith a leverage factor (Leverage(i)) and a hypothetical money market instrument. 
The notional exposure of the Leveraged Strategy to the Underlying is revised on each Valuation Date in order to take into acc ount 
the Leveraged Strategy Closing Level as of the previous Valuation Date, as further described hereinafter. 
The leverage embedded in the Leveraged Strategy is revised daily taking into account the target volatility of the Underlying and the 
realised volatility of the Underlying 
3.1.8.1 Event-linked Early Expiration: Applicable 
Early Expiration Event is deemed to have occurred, if on any Valuation Date(i), LSCL(i) [is low er] [is higher] than [or equal to] 
BarrierLevelAutocall(i). 
Early Settlement Price(i) = Notional Amount x Product Formula(i) 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP + (1 / BaseAmount) x Max(InitialValue x (FX(0) / FX(RVD(i))) x (LSCL(RVD(i)) / 
LSCL(0)) x Hedging Fees Factor(T);0) 
3.1.8.2 Final Settlement Price: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP + (1 / BaseAmount) x Max(InitialValue x (FX(0) / FX(T)) x (LSCL(T) / LSCL(0)) x 
Hedging Fees Factor(T);0) 
3.1.8.3 Variable Data: 
BarrierLevelAutocall 
BaseAmount 
BaseCurrency 
BaseSettlementLevel_ESP 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP 
Basis 
DailyRestrikePercentage 
DayCountBasisCommission 
DayCountBasisRate 
FXSource 
FXSourceFixingTime 
InitialValue 
LeverageInitial 
Leverage_Cap 
Leverage_Floor

--- Page 315 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
315 
 
LeveragedStrategyCurrency 
LSCLInitial 
N 
RateOvernight 
RateOvernightScreenPage 
Target_Volatility 
TimeReferenceClosing 
TimeReferenceOpening 
The Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 below . 
3.1.8.4 Applicable Rates: 
%CollatCostRate 
%CommissionRate 
%DistRate 
%Gap&ReplicationRate 
%QuantoRate 
%RepoRate 
The Applicable Rates are defined under Condition 3.1.0 above. 
3.1.8.5 Specific Definition(s): 
3.1.8.5.1 Specific Definitions relating to the determination of the Product Formula 
 
ACT(i-1;i) 
Means the number of calendar days betw een the Valuation Date(i-1) (included) and the 
Valuation Date(i) (excluded) 
FX(i) 
means, for any Valuation Date(i), the spot exchange rate as of the FXSourceFixingTime to 
convert the BaseCurrency into the LeveragedStrategyCurrency in respect of such Valuation 
Date(i), as published by the FXSource, or any successor thereto. If no such rate is available 
on such Valuation Date(i), FX(i) shall be the first available spot exchange rate as of the 
FXSourceFixingTime 
to convert the BaseCurrency into the LeveragedStrategyCurrency 
follow ing such day, as published by the FXSource, or any successor thereto. 
Hedging Fees Factor(i) 
(i from 1 to T) 
means: 
Product(for t from 1 to i) (1 –(%CommissionRate(t-1) 
+ %Gap&ReplicationRate(t-1) 
+%CollatCostRate(t-1) + %QuantoRate(t-1)) x (ACT(t-1;t) / DayCountBasisCommission))

--- Page 316 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
316 
 
3.1.8.5.2 Specific Definitions relating to the Leveraged Strategy 
 
AdjPrice(i-1) 
 
is determined, for each Valuation Date(i), according to the follow ing formula: 
Price(i-1) -%DistRate(i) x Dist(i) 
CashRate or CashRate(i)  
means, for each Valuation Date(i): 
(1) 
the level of the RateOvernight for such Valuation Date(i); or 
(2) 
the last available level displayed of RateOvernight, if a level of RateOvernight dated 
as of such Valuation Date(i), 
in both cases as determined by the Calculation Agent provided that if in the case of (2) above 
RateOvernight is not displayed on the RateOvernightScreenPage (or, if applicable, any 
successor service or page used by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of ascertaining such 
rate) for a period of more than 7 Valuation Dates and such rate is, in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent, reasonably expected to be discontinued (such rate then being the 
"Discontinued Rate") then the Calculation Agent shall determine CashRate(i) (a) by selecting 
a successor rate for such Discontinued Rate w hich offers similar economic characteristics to 
the Discontinued Rate or, if the Calculation Agent determines that no such successor rate 
exists, (b) on the basis of the cost that Societe Generale w ould charge or be charged to 
borrow  cash in the LeveragedStrategyCurrency on an overnight basis. 
Leverage(i) 
Leverage(0) means LeverageInitial 
For each subsequent Valuation Date(i), Leverage(i) shall be determined in accordance w ith 
the follow ing formula: 
[Leverage(i) = Leverage(i-1) x Max(Leverage_Floor ; Min(Leverage_Cap ; Target_Volatility / 
Realized Volatility(i)))] 
[Leverage(i) = Leverage(i-1) x Max(Leverage_Floor 
; Min(Leverage_Cap 
; Realized 
Volatility(i) /Target_Volatility))] 
Where ; 
Realized Volatility(i) = ((1/N) x Sum(t from 0 to N-1) ((LN(Price(i-t) / Price(i-t-1))^2) x Basis / 
ACT(t-i-1 ; t-i))) ^(0.5) 
Leveraged Strategy Closing 
Level or LSCL(i)  
means, for any Valuation Date(i), the Closing Level of the Leveraged Strategy as of such day 
(i), as such level may be adjusted in accordance w ith the terms of Condition 3.1.8.5.4 of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants. 
Subject to the occurrence of an Intraday Restrike Event (follow ing w hich the Leveraged 
Strategy Closing Level w ill be determined in accordance w ith Condition 3.1.8.5.4 of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants), for each 
Valuation Date(i), the Leveraged Strategy Closing Level as of such Valuation Date(i) is 
calculated in accordance w ith the follow ing formulae: 
on Valuation Date(0): 
LSCL(0) = LSCLInitial 
on each subsequent Valuation Date(i): 
LSCL(i) = Max(LSCL(i-1) x (1 + Leverage(i) x ((Price(i) / AdjPrice(i-1)) -1) + (1-Leverage(i)) x 
Rate(i-1) x ACT(i-1,i) / DayCountBasisRate),0)

--- Page 317 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
317 
 
For the purposes of determining LSCL(i) on a Valuation Date immediately follow ing an 
Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day, references to (i-1) in the formula of LSCL(i) above 
shall be deemed to be references to (i') (as defined in Condition 3.1.8.5.4 of the Additional 
Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants). 
Leveraged Strategy Level or 
LSL(i,v)  
means, for any Valuation Date(i) and any Calculation Time(v), the latest level of the 
Leveraged Strategy as of such Calculation Time(v), as such level may be adjusted in 
accordance w ith the terms of Condition 3.1.8.5.4 of the Additional Terms and Conditions 
relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants. 
Subject to the occurrence of an Intraday Restrike Event (follow ing w hich the Leveraged 
Strategy Level w ill be determined in accordance w ith Condition 3.1.8.5.4 of the Additional 
Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants), for each Valuation 
Date(i) and each Calculation Time(v), the Leveraged Strategy Level as of such Calculation 
Time(v) is calculated in accordance w ith the follow ing formula: 
LSL(i,v) = Max(LSCL(i-1) x (1+ Leverage(i) x ((Price(i,v) / AdjPrice(i-1)) -1) + (1-Leverage(i)) 
x Rate(i-1 ) x ACT(i-1,i) / DayCountBasisRate),0) 
Rate or Rate(i)  
means, for each Valuation Date(i), an annual rate calculated as of such day in accordance 
w ith the follow ing formula: 
Rate(i) = CashRate(i) – (Leverage(i) / (Leverage(i) – 1)) x %RepoRate(i) 
Price(i)  
means, in respect of each Valuation Date(i), the Reference Price of the Underlying as of such 
Valuation Date(i), subject to the adjustments and provisions of the Additional Terms and 
Conditions relating to such Underlying. 
Price(i,v)  
means, in respect of each Valuation Date(i) and Calculation Time(v), 
[If the Underlying is a Share, an Index, a Depositary Receipt (DR), an Exchange Traded Fund 
(ETF), a Foreign Exchange Rate, a Commodity, or a Commodity Index] 
[the Intraday Price of the Underlying as of such Valuation Date(i) and Calculation Time(v).] 
[For any other type of Underlying] 
[the latest available price, level or rate (as the case may be) of the Underlying published on 
the relevant [Exchange] [Price Source] [provide details on relevant source] as of such 
Valuation Date (i) and Calculation Time (v).] 
Calculation Time  
means w ith respect to the Underlying, any time betw een the TimeReferenceOpening and the 
TimeReferenceClosing, provided that the relevant data is available to enable the Calculation 
Agent to determine the Leveraged Strategy Level. 
3.1.8.5.3 Distributions and corporate actions affecting the Underlying: Specific Definitions  
 
Dist(i) 
means Dist(i-1, i) 
Underlying Distributions, or 
Dist(i1,i2)  
means, for any dates (i1) and (i2), the sum of all Gross Ordinary Distributions paid in respect 
of the Underlying, w hich have an ex date betw een (i1) (excluded) and (i2) (included).

--- Page 318 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
318 
 
[If such Gross Ordinary Distribution is not denominated in the currency of the Underlying, this 
Gross Ordinary Distribution w ill be converted into such currency by the Calculation Agent 
using the latest available spot exchange rate as of the FXSourceFixingTime as published on 
the Valuation Date immediately preceding the relevant Valuation Date(i) by the FXSource. If 
no such rate is available on the Valuation Date immediately preceding such Valuation Date(i), 
such rate shall be the first available spot exchange rate as of the FXSourceFixingTime to 
convert such Gross Ordinary Distribution into the Currency of the Underlying follow ing such 
Valuation Date(i), as published by the FXSource, or any successor service or page used by 
the Calculation Agent for the purposes of ascertaining such rate.] 
3.1.8.5.4 Extraordinary Strategy Adjustment for Performance Reasons 
 
(i')  
means the Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day w hich corresponds to the Intraday Restrike 
Event immediately preceding the Calculation Time(v). 
AdjPrice(i')  
is determined according to the follow ing formula: 
AdjPrice(i' ) = Price(i',VREF(v)) – %DistRate(CRD) x Dist(i',CRD) 
AdjPrice(i(REF)) 
means: 
(1) 
if i(REF) is an Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day, then: 
AdjPrice(i(REF)) = Price(i'',v1) – %DistRate(i') x Dist(i'',i') 
(2) 
or otherw ise: 
AdjPrice(i(REF)) = Price(i'-1) – %DistRate(i') x Dist(i'-1,i') 
Extraordinary 
Strategy 
Adjustment for Performance 
Reasons 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Intraday Restrike Event has occurred at a 
Calculation Time(v) during a Valuation Date(i), an adjustment (an Extraordinary Strategy 
Adjustment for Performance Reasons) shall take place during such Valuation Date(i) in 
accordance w ith the follow ing provisions. 
The real time calculation of the Leveraged Strategy shall be suspended during the Intraday 
Restrike Event Observation Period and resume in accordance w ith Condition 3.1.8.5.4 of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants w ithin 15 
minutes follow ing the end of such Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period (the point of 
such resumption being the Calculation Resume Time and the day on w hich such resumption 
occurs being the Calculation Resume Day or CRD). Should the end of the Intraday Restrike 
Event Observation Period occur less than 15 minutes before the TimeReferenceClosing on 
the Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day, the Calculation Resume Time shall be the 
TimeReferenceClosing w hich immediately follow s the end of the Intraday Restrike Event 
Observation Period. 
On each Calculation Resume Day, from the Calculation Resume Time, LSCL(CRD) and 
LSL(CRD,v) w ill be determined as follow s: 
For each Calculation Time(v) during such Calculation Resume Day follow ing the end of the 
Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period, the Leveraged Strategy is calculated according 
to the follow ing formula: 
LSL(CRD,v) = LSL(i',VREF(v)) x (1 + Leverage(CRD) x ((Price(CRD,v) / AdjPrice(i')) – 1) + (1 
– Leverage(CRD)) x Rate(i') x ACT(i',CRD) / DayCountBasisRate)

--- Page 319 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
319 
 
and at the TimeReferenceClosing of such Calculation Resume Day: 
LSCL(CRD) = LSL(i',VREF(v)) x (1 + Leverage(CRD) x ((Price(CRD) / AdjPrice(i')) – 1) + (1 
– Leverage(CRD)) x Rate(i') x ACT(i',CRD) / DayCountBasisRate) 
i(REF) 
means the latest of (1) the Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day immediately preceding (i') 
in w hich case i(REF) is referred to as (i'') and the latest Intraday Restrike Event Reference 
Time on such Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day is referred to as (v1) and (2) the 
Valuation Date w hich immediately precedes (i') in w hich case i(REF) is referred to as (i'-1). 
Intraday Reference Level 
means, in respect of Valuation Date(i) and a Calculation Time(v), the Underlying level as of 
(1) the last Intraday Restrike Event Reference Time preceding and excluding such Calculation 
Time(v) or (2) if no Intraday Restrike Event has occurred on such day, the closing level of the 
Underlying on the immediately preceding Valuation Date. 
Intraday Restrike Event  
means, in respect of a Valuation Date(i), the increase at a Calculation Time(v) of the 
Underlying level above the DailyRestrikePercentage of the relevant Intraday Reference Level 
at such Calculation Time. 
Intraday 
Restrike 
Event 
Observation Period  
means in respect of an Intraday Restrike Event, the period starting on and excluding the 
Intraday Restrike Event Time and finishing on and including the time falling 15 minutes after 
the Intraday Restrike Event Time. 
Where, during such 15 minute period, the Calculation Agent determines that (1) (if the 
Underlying is an Index or a SGI Index) the level of the Underlying is not disseminated by the 
Underlying Sponsor or, the Underlying Calculation Agent, as the case may be or (2) (for any 
type of Underlying including, for the avoidance of doubt, an Index or a SGI Index) the 
Exchange or the Related Exchange is not open for continuous trading, the Intraday Restrike 
Event Observation Period w ill be extended to the extent necessary until (1) (if the Underlying 
is an Index or a SGI Index) the level of the Underlying is calculated and disseminated by the 
Underlying Sponsor or the Underlying Calculation Agent, as the case may be and (2) (for any 
type of Underlying including, for the avoidance of doubt, an Index or a SGI Index) the 
Exchange and the Related Exchange are open for continuous trading for an aggregate period 
of 15 minutes. 
If 
the 
Intraday 
Restrike 
Event 
Observation 
Period 
w ould 
not 
end 
by 
the 
TimeReferenceClosing: (1) such day w ill not be a Valuation Date for the purposes of 
determining any element of the Leveraged Strategy, except (a) for the purpose of calculatin g 
LSL(i',vREF(v)) and AdjPrice(i') (and the constituent parts thereof) corresponding to the 
applicable Intraday Restrike Event and (b) for the purpose of calculating LSL(i',vREF(v)) and 
AdjPrice(i') (and the constituent parts thereof) w ith respect to any previous Intraday Restrike 
Event that has occurred on such day, if any; and (2) such Intraday Restrike Event Observation 
Period shall be extended to the follow ing Valuation Date to the extent necessary until the 
Calculation Agent determines that (a) (if the Underlying is an Index or a SGI Index) the level 
of the Underlying is calculated and disseminated by the Underlying Sponsor or, the Underlying 
Calculation Agent, as the case may be and (b) (for any type of Underlying including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, an Index or a SGI Index) the Exchange and the Related Exchange are 
open for continuous trading for an aggregate period of 15 minutes. 
For the purpose of determining the Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period only, the 
Exchange shall not be considered to be open for continuous trading during its closing auction 
period (as provided under the rules of the Exchange).

--- Page 320 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
320 
 
Intraday 
Restrike 
Event 
Reference Day  
means, in respect of an Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period, the day on w hich the 
Intraday Restrike Event Reference Time occurs. 
Intraday 
Restrike 
Event 
Reference Time  
Means [in respect of an Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period, the Calculation Time on 
w hich the Leveraged Strategy Level reaches its low est value during such period] [the end of 
the Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period]. 
Intraday Restrike Event Time  
means in respect of an Intraday Restrike Event, the Calculation Time on w hich such event 
occurs. 
LSL(i',VREF(v))  
is calculated in accordance w ith the follow ing formulae: 
(1) 
w here, in respect of an Intraday Restrike Event, one or more Intraday Restrike Event 
Times have previously occurred w ith an Intraday Restrike Event Reference Time 
occurring on (i'), then (w ith the latest Intraday Restrike Event Reference Time, 
immediately preceding VREF(v), being "v1"): 
LSL(i',VREF(v)) = LSL(i',v1) x (1 + Leverage(i’) x ((Price(i',VREF(v)) / Price(i',v1)) – 1)) 
Where LSL(i',v1) is determined in accordance w ith Condition 3.1.8.5.4 of the Additional Terms 
and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants but w ith "VREF(v)" replaced 
by "v1". 
(2) 
in circumstances other than those set out in (1): 
LSL(i',VREF(v)) 
= 
LSLREF(i(REF)) 
x 
(1 
+ 
Leverage(i’) 
x 
((Price(i',VREF(v)) 
/ 
AdjPrice(i(REF))) 
-1) 
+ 
(1-Leverage(i’)) 
x 
Rate(i(REF)) 
x 
(ACT(i(REF),i') 
/ 
DayCountBasisRate)) 
LSLREF(i(REF))  
means, if i(REF) is an Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day then LSL(i'',v1); or otherw ise 
LSCL(i'-1). 
[Price(i',VREF(v))] 
[means the time w eighted average price of the Underlying during the Intraday Restrike Event 
Observation Period.] 
VREF(v)  
means the latest Intraday Restrike Event Reference Time preceding, and excluding, 
Calculation Time(v). 
3.1.9 
Fixed Leverage Bull – Multiplicative Formula and adjusted leverage 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.1.9, the follow ing applies: 
3.1.9.0 Product Description 
 
This Product may be subject to Event-linked Early Expiration: 
 
If an Early Expiration Event is deemed to have occurred, the Product Formula used to determine the Early 
Settlement Price relies on the then level of the Leveraged Strategy. 
 
Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final 
Settlement Price in respect of this Product is determined on the basis of the level of the Leveraged Strategy.

--- Page 321 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
321 
 
The strategy to w hich the performance of the Warrant is linked is the Leveraged Strategy w hich consists of leveraged exposure to the 
Underlying w ith a leverage factor "Leverage" and a hypothetical money market instrument. 
The notional exposure of the Leveraged Strategy to the Underlying is revised on each Valuation Date in order to take into acc ount 
the Leveraged Strategy Closing Level as of the previous Valuation Date, as further described hereinafter. 
The leverage embedded in the Leveraged Strategy is revised daily taking into account the target volatility of the Underlying and the 
realized volatility of the Underlying. 
3.1.9.1 Event-linked Early Expiration: Applicable 
Early Expiration Event is deemed to have occurred, if on any Valuation Date(i), LSCL(i) [is low er] [is higher] than [or equal to] 
BarrierLevelAutocall(i). 
Early Settlement Price(i) = Notional Amount x Product Formula(i) 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP + (1 / BaseAmount) x Max(InitialValue x (FX(0) / FX(RVD(i))) x (LSCL(RVD(i)) / 
LSCL(0)) x Hedging Fees Factor(T);0) 
3.1.9.2 Final Settlement Price: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP + (1 / BaseAmount) x Max(InitialValue x (FX(0) / FX(T)) x (LSCL(T) / LSCL(0)) x 
Hedging Fees Factor(T);0) 
3.1.9.3 Variable Data: 
BarrierLevelAutocall 
BaseAmount 
BaseCurrency 
BaseSettlementLevel_ESP 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP 
Basis 
DailyRestrikePercentage 
DayCountBasisCommission 
DayCountBasisRate 
FXSource 
FXSourceFixingTime 
InitialValue 
LeverageInitial 
Leverage_Cap 
Leverage_Floor

--- Page 322 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
322 
 
Leverage 
LeveragedStrategyCurrency 
LSCLInitial 
N 
RateOvernight 
RateOvernightScreenPage 
Target_Volatility 
TimeReferenceClosing 
TimeReferenceOpening 
The Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 below . 
3.1.9.4 Applicable Rates: 
%CollatCostRate 
%CommissionRate 
%DistRate 
%Gap&ReplicationRate 
%QuantoRate 
%SpreadLevel 
The Applicable Rates are defined under Condition 3.1.0 above. 
3.1.9.5 Specific Definition(s): 
3.1.9.5.1 Specific Definitions relating to the determination of the Product Formula 
 
ACT(i-1;i) 
Means the number of calendar days betw een the Valuation Date(i-1) (included) and the 
Valuation Date(i) (excluded) 
FX(i) 
means, for any Valuation Date(i), the spot exchange rate as of the FXSourceFixingTime to 
convert the BaseCurrency into the LeveragedStrategyCurrency in respect of such Valuation 
Date(i), as published by the FXSource, or any successor thereto. If no such rate is available 
on such Valuation Date(i), FX(i) shall be the first available spot exchange rate as of the 
FXSourceFixingTime 
to convert the BaseCurrency into the LeveragedStrategyCurrency 
follow ing such day, as published by the FXSource, or any successor thereto.  
Hedging Fees Factor(i) 
(i from 1 to T) 
means: 
Product(for t from 1 to i) (1 –(%CommissionRate(t-1) 
+ %Gap&ReplicationRate(t-1) 
+%CollatCostRate(t-1) + %QuantoRate(t-1)) x (ACT(t-1;t) / DayCountBasisCommission))

--- Page 323 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
323 
 
3.1.9.5.2 Specific Definitions relating to the Leveraged Strategy 
 
AdjPrice(i-1)  
is determined, for each Valuation Date(i), according to the follow ing formula: 
Price(i-1) -%DistRate(i) x Dist(i) 
CashRate or CashRate(i)  
means, for each Valuation Date(i): 
(1) 
the level of the RateOvernight for such Valuation Date(i); or 
(2) 
the last available level displayed of RateOvernight, if a level of RateOvernight dated 
as of such Valuation Date(i), 
in both cases as determined by the Calculation Agent provided that if in the case of (2) above 
RateOvernight is not displayed on the RateOvernightScreenPage (or, if applicable, any 
successor service or page used by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of ascertaining such 
rate) for a period of more than 7 Valuation Dates and such rate is, in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent, reasonably expected to be discontinued (such rate then being the 
"Discontinued Rate") then the Calculation Agent shall determine CashRate(i) (a) by 
selecting a successor rate for such Discontinued Rate w hich offers similar economic 
characteristics to the Discontinued Rate or, if the Calculation Agent determines that no such 
successor rate exists, (b) on the basis of the cost that Societe Generale w ould charge or be 
charged to borrow  cash in the LeveragedStrategyCurrency on an overnight basis. 
Leverage(i) 
Leverage(0) means LeverageInitial 
For each subsequent Valuation Date(i), Leverage(i) shall be determined in accordance w ith 
the follow ing formula: 
[Leverage(i) = Leverage(i-1) x Max(Leverage_Floor ; Min(Leverage_Cap ; Target_Volatility / 
Realized Volatility(i)))] 
[Leverage(i) = Leverage(i-1) x Max(Leverage_Floor 
; Min(Leverage_Cap 
; Realized 
Volatility(i) /Target_Volatility))] 
Where ; 
Realized Volatility(i) = ((1/N) x Sum(t from 0 to N-1) ((LN(Price(i-t) / Price(i-t-1))^2) x Basis / 
ACT(t-i-1 ; t-i))) ^(0.5) 
Leveraged Strategy Closing 
Level or LSCL(i) 
means, for any Valuation Date(i), the Closing Level of the Leveraged Strategy as of such day 
(i), as such level may be adjusted in accordance w ith the terms of Condition 3.1.9.5.4 of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants. 
Subject to the occurrence of an Intraday Restrike Event (follow ing w hich the Leveraged 
Strategy Closing Level w ill be determined in accordance w ith Condition 3.1.9.5.4 of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants), for each 
Valuation Date(i), the Leveraged Strategy Closing Level as of such Valuation Date(i) is 
calculated in accordance w ith the follow ing formulae: 
On Valuation Date(0): 
LSCL(0) = LSCLInitial 
On each subsequent Valuation Date(i): 
LSCL(i) = Max(LSCL(i-1) x (1 + Leverage(i) x ((Price(i) / AdjPrice(i-1)) -1) + (1-Leverage(i)) 
x Rate(i-1) x ACT(i-1,i) / DayCountBasisRate),0)

--- Page 324 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
324 
 
For the purposes of determining LSCL(i) on a Valuation Date immediately follow ing an 
Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day, references to (i-1) in the formula of LSCL(i) above 
shall be deemed to be references to (i') (as defined in Condition 3.1.9.5.4 of the Additional 
Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants). 
Leveraged Strategy Level or 
LSL(i,v) 
means, for any Valuation Date(i) and any Calculation Time(v), the latest level of the 
Leveraged Strategy as of such Calculation Time(v), as such level may be adjusted in 
accordance w ith the terms of Condition 3.1.9.5.4 of the Additional Terms and Conditions 
relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants. 
Subject to the occurrence of an Intraday Restrike Event (follow ing w hich the Leveraged 
Strategy Level w ill be determined in accordance w ith Condition 3.1.9.5.4 of the Additional 
Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants), for each Valuation 
Date(i) and each Calculation Time(v), the Leveraged Strategy Level as of such Calculation 
Time(v) is calculated in accordance w ith the follow ing formula: 
LSL(i,v) = Max(LSCL(i-1) x (1+ Leverage(i) x ((Price(i,v) / AdjPrice(i-1)) -1) + (1-Leverage(i)) 
x Rate(i-1 ) x ACT(i-1,i) / DayCountBasisRate),0) 
Rate or Rate(i)  
means, for each Valuation Date(i), an annual rate calculated as of such day in accordance 
w ith the follow ing formula: 
Rate(i) = CashRate(i) + %SpreadLevel(i) 
Price(i)  
means, in respect of each Valuation Date(i), the Reference Price of the Underlying as of such 
Valuation Date(i), subject to the adjustments and provisions of the Additional Terms and 
Conditions relating to such Underlying. 
Price(i,v)  
means, in respect of each Valuation Date(i) and Calculation Time(v), 
[If the Underlying is a Share, an Index, a Depositary Receipt (DR), an Exchange Traded Fund 
(ETF), a Foreign Exchange Rate, a Commodity, or a Commodity Index] 
[the Intraday Price of the Underlying as of such Valuation Date(i) and Calculation Time(v).] 
[For any other type of Underlying] 
[the latest available price, level or rate (as the case may be) of the Underlying published on 
the relevant [Exchange] [Price Source][provide details on relevant source] as of such 
Valuation Date (i) and Calculation Time (v).] 
Calculation Time  
means w ith respect to the Underlying, any time betw een the TimeReferenceOpening and the 
TimeReferenceClosing, provided that the relevant data is available to enable the Calculation 
Agent to determine the Leveraged Strategy Level. 
3.1.9.5.3 Distributions and corporate actions affecting the Underlying: Specific Definitions  
 
Dist(i) 
means Dist(i-1, i) 
Underlying Distributions, or 
Dist(i1,i2) 
means, for any dates (i1) and (i2), the sum of all Gross Ordinary Distributions, paid in respect 
of the Underlying, w hich have an ex date betw een (i1) (excluded) and (i2) (included).

--- Page 325 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
325 
 
[If such Gross Ordinary Distribution is not denominated in the currency of the Underlying, this 
Gross Ordinary Distribution w ill be converted into such currency by the Calculation Agent 
using the latest available spot exchange rate as of the FXSourceFixingTime as published on 
the Valuation Date immediately preceding the relevant Valuation Date(i) by the FXSource. If 
no such rate is available on the Valuation Date immediately preceding such Valuation Date(i), 
such rate shall be the first available spot exchange rate as of the FXSourceFixingTime to 
convert such Gross Ordinary Distribution into the Currency of the Underlying follow ing such 
Valuation Date(i), as published by the FXSource, or any successor service or page used by 
the Calculation Agent for the purposes of ascertaining such rate.] 
3.1.9.5.4 Extraordinary Strategy Adjustment for Performance Reasons  
 
(i')  
means the Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day w hich corresponds to the Intraday Restrike 
Event immediately preceding the Calculation Time(v). 
AdjPrice(i')  
is determined according to the follow ing formula: 
AdjPrice(i' ) = Price(i',VREF(v)) – %DistRate(CRD) x Dist(i',CRD) 
AdjPrice(i(REF))  
means, 
(1) 
if i(REF) is an Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day; then 
AdjPrice(i(REF)) = Price(i'',v1) – %DistRate(i') x Dist(i'',i') 
otherw ise: 
(2) 
(i(REF)) = Price(i'-1) – %DistRate(i') x Dist(i'-1,i'). 
Extraordinary 
Strategy 
Adjustment for Performance 
Reasons 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Intraday Restrike Event has occurred at a 
Calculation Time(v) during a Valuation Date(i), an adjustment (an Extraordinary Strategy 
Adjustment for Performance Reasons) shall take place during such Valuation Date(i) in 
accordance w ith the follow ing provisions. 
The real time calculation of the Leveraged Strategy shall be suspended during the Intraday 
Restrike Event Observation Period and resume in accordance w ith Condition 3.1.9.5.4 of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants w ithin 15 
minutes follow ing the end of such Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period (the point of 
such resumption being the Calculation Resume Time and the day on w hich such resumption 
occurs being the Calculation Resume Day or CRD). Should the end of the Intraday Restrike 
Event Observation Period occur less than 15 minutes before the TimeReferenceClosing on 
the Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day, the Calculation Resume Time shall be the 
TimeReferenceClosing w hich immediately follow s the end of the Intraday Restrike Event 
Observation Period. 
On each Calculation Resume Day, from the Calculation Resume Time, LSCL(CRD) and 
LSL(CRD,v) w ill be determined as follow s: 
For each Calculation Time(v) during such Calculation Resume Day follow ing the end of the 
Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period, the Leveraged Strategy is calculated according 
to the follow ing formula: 
LSL(CRD,v) = LSL(i',VREF(v)) x (1 + Leverage(CRD) x ((Price(CRD,v) / AdjPrice(i')) – 1) + (1 
– Leverage(CRD)) x Rate(i') x ACT(i',CRD) / DayCountBasisRate)

--- Page 326 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
326 
 
And at the TimeReferenceClosing of such Calculation Resume Day: 
LSCL(CRD) = LSL(i',VREF(v)) x (1 + Leverage(CRD) x ((Price(CRD) / AdjPrice(i')) – 1) + (1 
– Leverage(CRD)) x Rate(i') x ACT(i',CRD) / DayCountBasisRate) 
i(REF) 
means the latest of (1) the Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day immediately preceding (i') 
in w hich case i(REF) is referred to as (i'') and the latest Intraday Restrike Event Reference 
Time on such Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day is referred to as (v1) and (2) the 
Valuation Date w hich immediately precedes (i') in w hich case i(REF) is referred to as (i'-1). 
Intraday Reference Level  
means in respect of Valuation Date(i) and a Calculation Time(v), the Underlying level as of 
(1) the last Intraday Restrike Event Reference Time preceding and excluding such Calculation 
Time(v) or (2) if no Intraday Restrike Event has occurred on such day, the closing level of the 
Underlying on the immediately preceding Valuation Date. 
Intraday Restrike Event  
means in respect of a Valuation Date(i), the decrease at a Calculation Time(v) of the 
Underlying level below  the DailyRestrikePercentage of the relevant Intraday Reference Level 
at such Calculation Time. 
Intraday 
Restrike 
Event 
Observation Period  
means in respect of an Intraday Restrike Event, the period starting on and excluding the 
Intraday Restrike Event Time and finishing on and including the time falling 15 minutes after 
the Intraday Restrike Event Time. 
Where, during such 15 minute period, the Calculation Agent determines that (1) (if the 
Underlying is an Index or a SGI Index) the level of the Underlying is not disseminated by the 
Underlying Sponsor or, the Underlying Calculation Agent, as the case may be or (2) (for any 
type of Underlying including, for the avoidance of doubt, an Index or a SGI Index) the 
Exchange or the Related Exchange is not open for continuous trading, the Intraday Restrike 
Event Observation Period w ill be extended to the extent necessary until (1) (if the Underlying 
is an Index or a SGI Index) the level of the Underlying is calculated and disseminated by the 
Underlying Sponsor or, the Underlying Calculation Agent, as the case may be and (2) (for any 
type of Underlying including, for the avoidance of doubt, an Index or a SGI Index) the 
Exchange and the Related Exchange are open for continuous trading for an aggregate period 
of 15 minutes. 
If 
the 
Intraday 
Restrike 
Event 
Observation 
Period 
w ould 
not 
end 
by 
the 
TimeReferenceClosing: (1) such day w ill not be a Valuation Date for the purposes of 
determining any element of the Leveraged Strategy, except (a) for the purpose of calculating 
LSL(i',vREF(v)) and AdjPrice(i') (and the constituent parts thereof) corresponding to the 
applicable Intraday Restrike Event and (b) for the purpose of calculating LSL(i',vREF(v)) and 
AdjPrice(i') (and the constituent parts thereof) w ith respect to any previous Intraday Restrike 
Event that has occurred on such day, if any; and (2) such Intraday Restrike Event Observation 
Period shall be extended to the follow ing Valuation Date to the extent necessary until the 
Calculation Agent determines that (a) (if the Underlying is an Index or a SGI Index) the level 
of the Underlying is calculated and disseminated by the Underlying Sponsor or, the Underlying 
Calculation Agent, as the case may be and (b) (for any type of Underlying including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, an Index or a SGI Index) the Exchange and the Related Exchange are 
open for continuous trading for an aggregate period of 15 minutes. 
For the purpose of determining the Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period only, the 
Exchange shall not be considered to be open for continuous trading during its closing auction 
period (as provided under the rules of the Exchange).

--- Page 327 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
327 
 
Intraday 
Restrike 
Event 
Reference Day  
means in respect of an Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period, the day on w hich the 
Intraday Restrike Event Reference Time occurs. 
Intraday 
Restrike 
Event 
Reference Time  
means [in respect of an Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period, [the Calculation Time on 
w hich the Leveraged Strategy Level reaches its low est value during such period][the end of 
the Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period] 
Intraday Restrike Event Time  
means in respect of an Intraday Restrike Event, the Calculation Time on w hich such event 
occurs. 
LSL(i',VREF(v))  
is calculated in accordance w ith the follow ing formulae: 
(1) 
w here, in respect of an Intraday Restrike Event, one or more Intraday Restrike Even t 
Times have previously occurred w ith an Intraday Restrike Event Reference Time 
occurring on (i'), then (w ith the latest Intraday Restrike Event Reference Time 
immediately preceding VREF(v) being "v1"): 
LSL(i',VREF(v)) = LSL(i',v1) x (1 + Leverage(i’) x ((Price(i',VREF(v)) /Price(i',v1)) – 1)) 
Where LSL(i',v1) is determined in accordance w ith Condition 3.1.9.5.4 of the Additional Terms 
and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants but w ith "VREF(v)" replaced 
by "v1". 
(2) 
In circumstances other than those set out in (1): 
LSL(i',VREF(v)) 
= 
LSLREF(i(REF)) 
x 
(1 
+ 
Leverage(i’) 
x 
((Price(i',VREF(v)) 
/ 
AdjPrice(i(REF))) 
-1) 
+ 
(1-Leverage(i’)) 
x 
Rate(i(REF)) 
x 
(ACT(i(REF),i') 
/ 
DayCountBasisRate)) 
LSLREF(i(REF))  
means, if i(REF) is an Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day; then LSL(i'',v1); or otherw ise 
LSCL(i'-1). 
[Price(i',VREF(v))] 
[means the time w eighted average price of the Underlying during the Intraday Restrike Event 
Observation Period.] 
VREF(v) 
means the latest Intraday Restrike Event Reference Time preceding, and excluding, 
Calculation Time(v). 
3.2 
FAMILY OF TURBO PRODUCTS 
Set out below  is the list of Turbo Products, the reference of w hich w ill be specified in the applicable Final Terms in the paragraph 
"Reference of the Product": 
 
Reference of the Product 
Product 
3.2.1 
Turbo 
3.2.2 
Turbo on futures

--- Page 328 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
328 
 
3.2.3 
Rolling Turbo 
3.2.4  
Rolling Turbo on futures 
 
3.2.0.1 Definitions relating to Applicable Rates 
%DistRate(i) means [%DistRateInitial as of Valuation Date(0). For each subsequent Valuation Date(i), the value of %DistRate(i) may 
be amended by the Calculation Agent in order to reflect] [for each Valuation Date(i) a rate determined by the Calculation Agent as] 
the percentage of Dist(i) that w ould be received by a hypothetical investor located in ReferenceCountry, net of any w ithholding tax, 
before application of any tax credit and assuming that such hypothetical investor does not benefit from double taxation treaties. 
%ExecFees means the fees charged to the investor by the Issuer (or any of its affiliates) w ith regards to the transactions that w ould 
need to be executed to hedge a Restrike Event. 
%FinancingRate[A/B](i) means [%FinancingRate[A/B]Initial as of Valuation Date(0). For each subsequent Valuation Date(i), the 
value of %FinancingRate[A/B](i) may be amended by the Calculation Agent in order to reflect] [for each Valuation Date(i) a rate w hich 
shall be determined w ith respect to such Valuation Date (i) by the Calculation Agent as] a hypothetical remuneration rate (or borrow ing 
rate, as the case may be) in respect of a cash holding or borrow ing, as the case may be. 
%Percentage(i) means, for each Valuation Date(i), a percentage applied to the Exercise Price to determine the StopLossLevelCurrent 
as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
%QuantoRate(i) means [%QuantoRateInitial as of Valuation Date(0). For each subsequent Valuation Date(i), the value of 
%QuantoRate(i) may be amended by the Calculation Agent in order to reflect] [for each Valuation Date(i) an annual rate w hich shall 
be determined by the Calculation Agent w ith respect to such Valuation Date(i) as] the [carry] [and][/][or] [hedging] cost of the foreign 
exchange risk estimated or realized. 
%RepoRate(i) means [%RepoRateInitial as of Valuation Date(0). For each subsequent Valuation Date(i), the value of %RepoRate(i) 
may be amended by the Calculation Agent in order to reflect] [for each Valuation Date(i) an annual rate w hich shall be determined 
w ith respect to such Valuation Date(i) by the Calculation Agent as] the cost or gain that w ould be incurred by the Issuer (or any of its 
affiliates) if it w ere to borrow  or lend hedging instruments in respect of the Warrant. 
3.2.0.1.1 Variable Data: 
%DistRateInitial 
%ExecFeesLevel 
%FinancingRate[A/B]Initial 
%QuantoRateInitial 
%RepoRateInitial 
ReferenceCountry 
The Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 below . 
3.2.0.2 Provisions applicable to Turbo Products with Exercise Price Adjustment 
3.2.0.2.1 If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Exercise Price Adjustment without Foreign Exchange Guarantee" is 
applicable, the following applies.

--- Page 329 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
329 
 
3.2.0.2.1.1 Exercise Price: 
 
Exercise Price (i) 
The Exercise Price (i) in respect of any Valuation Date(i) is determined in accordance w ith the 
follow ing: 
On Valuation Date(0): 
Exercise Price (0) = ExercisePriceInitial 
For each subsequent Valuation Date(i), Exercise Price(i) shall be determined in accordance 
w ith the follow ing formula: 
Exercise 
Price 
(i) 
= 
Exercise 
Price(i-1) 
x 
(1 
+ 
%FinancingRate(i-1) 
– 
%RepoRate(i))^(ACT(i-1;i)/DayCountBasis) – %DistRate(i) x Dist(i) 
[If Valuation Date(i) is the Final Valuation Date or an Early Expiration Event has occurred on 
such date, Exercise Price(i) w ill be converted into the Settlement Currency by the Calculation 
Agent using the latest available spot exchange rate as of the FXSourceFixingTime1 as 
published on [the Valuation Date immediately preceding ]Valuation Date(i) by the FXSource1. 
If no such rate is available on [the Valuation Date immediately preceding ]such Valuation 
Date(i), 
such rate 
shall 
be the 
first available 
spot exchange 
rate as of the 
FXSourceFixingTime1 to convert Exercise Price(i) into the Settlement Currency f ollow ing such 
day, as published by the FXSource1, or any successor service or page used by the Calculation 
Agent for the purposes of ascertaining such rate.] 
3.2.0.2.1.2 Variable Data 
DaycountBasis 
ExercisePriceInitial 
FXSource1 
FXSourceFixingTime1 
The Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 below . 
3.2.0.2.1.3 Applicable Rates 
%DistRate 
%FinancingRate 
%RepoRate 
The Applicable Rates are defined under Condition 3.2.0.1 above. 
3.2.0.2.1.4 Specific Definition(s): 
 
Dist(i) 
means, for any Valuation Date(i), the Gross Ordinary Distributions, in respect of the 
Underlying, w hich may be detached w ith an ex date betw een Valuation Date(i-1) excluded 
and Valuation Date(i) included.

--- Page 330 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
330 
 
[If such Gross Ordinary Distribution is not denominated in TurboCurrency, this Gross Ordinary 
Distribution w ill be converted into such currency by the Calculation Agent using the latest 
available spot exchange rate as of the FXSourceFixingTime2 as published on [the Valuation 
Date immediately preceding ]Valuation Date(i) by the FXSource2. If no such rate is available 
on [the Valuation Date immediately preceding ]such Valuation Date(i), such rate shall be the 
first available spot exchange rate as of the FXSourceFixingTime2 to convert such Gross 
Ordinary Distribution into TurboCurrency follow ing such day, as published by the FXSource2, 
or any successor service or page used by the Calculation Agent for the purposes of 
ascertaining such rate.] 
 
3.2.0.2.1.4.1 Variable Data 
TurboCurrency 
FXSource2 
FXSourceFixingTime2 
The Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 below . 
3.2.0.2.2 If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Exercise Price Adjustment without Foreign Exchange Guarantee" is applicable, 
the follow ing provisions apply: 
3.2.0.2.2.1 Exercise Price: 
 
Exercise Price (i) 
The Exercise Price (i) in respect of any Valuation Date(i) is determined in accordance w ith the 
follow ing formulae: 
On Valuation Date(0): 
Exercise Price (0) = ExercisePriceInitial 
For each subsequent Valuation Date(i), Exercise Price(i) shall be determined in accordance 
w ith the follow ing formula: 
Exercise 
Price 
(i) 
= 
Price(i-1) 
x 
(1 
+ 
%FinancingRateA(i-1) 
– 
%RepoRate(i))^(ACT(i-1;i)/DayCountBasis) 
+ (Exercise Price(i-1) – Price(i-1)) x (1 + 
%FinancingRateB(i-1))^(ACT(i-1;i)/DayCountBasis) + %QuantoRate(i-1) – %DistRate(i) x 
Dist(i) 
3.2.0.2.2.2 Variable Data: 
DaycountBasis 
ExercisePriceInitial 
The Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 below . 
3.2.0.2.2.3 Applicable Rates: 
%DistRate

--- Page 331 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
331 
 
%FinancingRateA 
%FinancingRateB 
%QuantoRate 
%RepoRate 
The Applicable Rates are defined under Condition 3.2.0.1 above. 
3.2.0.2.2.4 Specific Definition(s): 
 
Dist(i) 
means, for any Valuation Date(i), the Gross Ordinary Distributions, in respect of the 
Underlying, w hich may be detached w ith an ex date betw een Valuation Date(i-1) excluded 
and Valuation Date(i) included. 
[If such Gross Ordinary Distribution is not denominated in TurboCurrency, this Gross Ordinary 
Distribution w ill be converted into such currency by the Calculation Agent using the latest 
available spot exchange rate as of the FXSourceFixingTime1 as published on [the Valuation 
Date immediately preceding] Valuation Date(i) by the FXSource1. If no such rate is available 
on [the Valuation Date immediately preceding] such Valuation Date(i), such rate shall be the 
first available spot exchange rate as of the FXSourceFixingTime1 to convert such Gross 
Ordinary Distribution into TurboCurrency follow ing such day, as published by the FXSource1, 
or any successor service or page used by the Calculation Agent for the purposes of 
ascertaining such rate.] 
3.2.0.2.2.4.1 Variable Data 
TurboCurrency 
FXSource1 
FXSourceFixingTime1 
The Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 below . 
3.2.0.2.3 If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Exercise Price Adjustment without Foreign Exchange Guarantee for Turbo on 
Futures" is applicable, the follow ing applies. 
3.2.0.2.3.1 Exercise Price: 
 
Exercise Price [(i)][(t)] 
The Exercise Price [(i)][(t)] in respect of any [Valuation Date(i)][calendar day(t)] is determined 
in accordance w ith the follow ing: 
On Valuation Date(0): 
Exercise Price (0) = ExercisePriceInitial 
For each subsequent [Valuation Date(i)][calendar day(t)], Exercise Price [(i)][(t)] shall be 
determined in accordance w ith the follow ing formula: 
If [Valuation Date(i)][calendar day(t)] is not a Rolling Date

--- Page 332 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
332 
 
Exercise 
Price 
[(i)][(t)] 
= 
Exercise 
Price([i][t]-1) 
x 
(1 
+ 
Spread)^(ACT([i][t]-1;[i][t])/DayCountBasis) 
If[Valuation Date(i)][calendar day(t)] is a Rolling Date 
Exercise 
Price 
[(i)][(t)] 
= 
Exercise 
Price([i][t]-1) 
x 
(1 
+ 
Spread)^(ACT([i][t]-1;[i][t])/DayCountBasis) – RollSpread[(i)][(t)] 
 
Where RollSpread[(i)][(t)] and Rolling Date are defined in Condition 3.2.2.5 below  
3.2.0.2.3.2  Variable Data 
DaycountBasis 
ExercisePriceInitial 
Spread 
The Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 below . 
3.2.1 
Turbo 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.2.1, the follow ing provisions apply: 
3.2.1.0 Product Description 
This Product may be subject to Event-linked Early Expiration: 
 
If an Early Expiration Event is deemed to have occurred, the Product Formula used to determine the Early Settlement Price 
relies on the then UnderlyingPrice. 
 
Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final Settlement 
Price in respect of this Product is determined on the basis of the UnderlyingPrice. 
3.2.1.1 Event-linked Early Expiration: Applicable 
Early Expiration Event is deemed to have occurred, if on any Valuation Date(i), and on any Calculation Time (v), Price(i,v) is [low er 
than] [higher than] [or equal to] StopLossLevelCurrent(i) (even if such Valuation Date(i) is subject to a Market Disruption Event or 
Disruption Event): 
Early Settlement Price(i) = UnderlyingPrice_ESP(RV D(i)) / FX(RVD(i)) 
3.2.1.2 Final Settlement Price: 
Final Settlement Price = UnderlyingPrice_FSP(RV D(T)) / FX(RVD(T)) 
3.2.1.3 Variable Data: 
BaseCurrency 
FXSource 
FXSourceFixingTime

--- Page 333 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
333 
 
StopLossEventPeriod 
StopLossLevelInitial 
TargetLeverageLevel 
TimeReferenceClosing 
TimeReferenceOpening 
TurboCurrency 
The Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 below . 
3.2.1.4 Applicable Rates: 
%Percentage 
The Applicable Rate is defined under Condition 3.2.0.1 above. 
3.2.1.5 Specific Definition(s): 
 
FX(i)  
means, for any Valuation Date(i), the spot exchange rate as of the FXSourceFixingTime to 
convert the BaseCurrency into the TurboCurrency in respect of such Valuation Date(i), as 
published by the FXSource, or any successor thereto. If no such rate is available on such 
Valuation Date(i), FX(i) shall be the first available spot exchange rate as of the 
FXSourceFixingTime to convert the BaseCurrency into the TurboCurrency follow ing such day, 
as published by the FXSource, or any successor thereto. 
Price(i,v) 
means, in respect of each Valuation Date(i) and Calculation Time(v), 
[If the Underlying is a Share, an Index, a Depositary Receipt (DR), an Exchange Traded Fund 
(ETF), a Foreign Exchange Rate, a Commodity, or a Commodity Index] 
[the Intraday Price of the Underlying as of such Valuation Date(i) and Calculation Time(v).] 
[For any other type of Underlying] 
[the latest available price, level or rate (as the case may be) of the Underlying published on 
the relevant [Exchange] [Price Source][provide details on relevant source] as of such Valuation 
Date (i) and Calculation Time (v).] 
Price(i)  
means, in respect of each Valuation Date(i), the Reference Price of the Underlying as of such 
Valuation Date(i), subject to the adjustments and provisions of the Additional Terms and 
Conditions relating to such Underlying. 
Calculation Time 
means w ith respect to the Underlying, any time betw een the TimeReferenceOpening and the 
TimeReferenceClosing. 
StopLossLevelCurrent(i)  
[means, in respect of Valuation Date(i), a level w hich is determined in accordance w ith the 
follow ing formulae:

--- Page 334 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
334 
 
StopLossLevelCurrent(0) = StopLossLevelInitial 
For each Valuation Date(i) subsequent to the Initial Valuation Date: 
if Valuation Date(i) is an Actualisation Date: 
StopLossLevelCurrent(i) = Exercise Price(i) x (1 + %Percentage(i)) 
if Valuation Date(i) is not an Actualisation Date: 
StopLossLevelCurrent(i) = StopLossLevelCurrent(i-1)] 
[means, in respect of Valuation Date(i), StopLossLevelInitial] 
UnderlyingPrice_ESP(i)  
means, in respect of Valuation Date(i), 
[If Option Extremum is applicable] 
the [low est][highest] level of the Price(i,v) during the StopLossEventPeriod. 
[If Option Unwind is applicable] 
[the value of the Underlying determined by the Calculation Agent on the basis of the price 
obtained in unw inding the hedging transactions entered into in connection w ith the Warrants 
during the StopLossEventPeriod immediately follow ing the occurrence of an Early Expiration 
Event. UnderlyingPrice_ESP w ill be at the [minimum] [maximum] 
the [low est] [highest] 
quotation 
of the 
Underlying 
ascertained 
by the 
Calculation 
Agent during 
such 
StopLossEventPeriod.] 
[If Option TWAP is applicable] 
the time w eighted average level of the Price(i,v) during the StopLossEventPeriod 
[If option No Period is applicable] 
[StopLossLevelCurrent(i)] 
UnderlyingPrice_FSP(i)  
means, in respect of Valuation Date(i), Price(i). 
[Actualisation Date] 
[means: 
(1) 
the 15th calendar day of each calendar month or if such date is not a Valuation Date, 
the immediately succeeding Valuation Date; and 
(2) 
each day as of w hich [if the Underlying is a Share] [a Potential Adjustment Event] [if 
the Underlying is not a Share] [ [any event or corporate action w hich gives rise to an 
adjustment made by the Calculation Agent in respect of the Additional Terms and 
Conditions for the Underlying]) occurs or w hich is an ex date in respect of a Gross 
Ordinary Distribution for the Underlying. 
[If the Underlying is a future contract:]

--- Page 335 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
335 
 
[(3) 
each day on w hich the underlying future contract is rolled]] 
3.2.2 
Turbo on futures 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.2.2, the follow ing provisions apply:  
3.2.2.0 Product Description 
 
This Product may be subject to Event-linked Early Expiration: 
 
If an Early Expiration Event is deemed to have occurred, the Product Formula used to determine the Early 
Settlement Price relies on the then UnderlyingPrice. 
 
Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final 
Settlement Price in respect of this Product is determined on the basis of the UnderlyingPrice. 
3.2.2.1 Event-linked Early Expiration: Applicable 
An Early Expiration Event is deemed to have occurred if on any [Valuation Date (i)][calendar day(t)], and on any Calculation Time (v), 
Price([i][t],[i][t],v) is low er than or equal to StopLossLevelCurrent[(i)][(t)] [(even if such [Valuation Date (i)][calendar day(t)] is subject 
to a Market Disruption Event)]. 
Early Settlement Price[(i)][(t)] = UnderlyingPrice_ESP(RV D[(i)][(t)]) / FX(RVD[(i)][(t)]) 
3.2.2.2 Final Settlement Price: 
Final Settlement Price = UnderlyingPrice_FSP(RV D(T)) / FX(RVD(T)) 
3.2.2.3 Variable Data: 
BaseCurrency 
FXSource 
FXSourceFixingTime 
Roll Schedule 
StopLossEventPeriod 
StopLossLevelInitial 
TargetLeverageLevel 
TimeReferenceClosing 
TimeReferenceOpening 
TurboCurrency 
The Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 below . 
3.2.2.4 Applicable Rates: 
%Percentage

--- Page 336 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
336 
 
The Applicable Rate is defined under Condition 3.2.0.1 above. 
3.2.2.5 Specific Definition(s): 
 
Active 
Future 
Contract 
[(i)][(t)] 
Means, in respect of each [Valuation Date (i)][calendar day(t)], a [future contract] [Commodity] 
w hich is determined in accordance w ith the follow ing: 
If [Valuation Date (i)][calendar day(t)] is a Rolling Date: 
Active Future Contract [(i)][(t)] is Target Active Future Contract [(i)][(t)] 
If [Valuation Date (i)][calendar day(t)] is not a Rolling Date: 
Active Future Contract [(i)][(t)] is Active Future Contract ([i][t]-1) 
Where Active Future Contract ([i][t]-1) is the Active Future Contract as of [Valuation 
Date(i-1)][calendar day(t-1)] 
FX[(i)][(t)]  
means, for any [Valuation Date (i)][calendar day(t)], the spot exchange rate as of the 
FXSourceFixingTime to convert the BaseCurrency into the TurboCurrency in respect of such 
[Valuation Date (i)][calendar day(t)], as published by the FXSource, or any successor thereto. 
If no such rate is available on such [Valuation Date (i)][calendar day(t)], FX[(i)][(t)] shall be the 
first available spot exchange rate as of the FXSourceFixingTime to convert the BaseCurrency 
into the TurboCurrency follow ing such day, as published by the FXSource, or any successor 
thereto. 
Price([i][t],[i][t],v) 
means, in respect of a [Valuation Date (i)][calendar day(t)] and a Calculation Time(v), the 
Intraday Price of Active Future Contract [(i)][(t)] as defined in the relevant Additional Terms 
and Conditions as of such [Valuation Date (i)][calendar day(t)] and Calculation Time(v).  
Price([i][t]-1,[i][t]) 
means, in respect of each [Valuation Date (i)][calendar day(t)], the [Commodity] Reference 
Price of Active Future Contract ([i][t]-1) as of such [Valuation Date (i)][calendar day(t)], subject 
to the adjustments and provisions of the relevant Additional Terms and Conditions. 
Price([i][t],[i][t]) 
[means, in respect of each [Valuation Date (i)][calendar day(t)], the [Commodity] Reference 
Price] of Active Future Contract [(i)][(t)] as of such [Valuation Date (i)][calendar day(t)], subject 
to the adjustments and provisions of the relevant Additional Terms and Conditions. 
Rolling Date(s) 
Valuation Date (0) 
Then: 
The [[Commodity] Business Day] [specify] [before][on] the expiry date of the Active Future 
Contract. 
RollSpread[(i)][(t)] 
Means in respect of a [Valuation Date (i)][calendar day(t)]w hich is a Rolling Date, a number 
determined in accordance w ith the follow ing: 
RollSpread[(i)][(t)] = Price([i][t],[i][t]) – Price([i][t]-1,[i][t])

--- Page 337 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
337 
 
Target Active Future Contract 
[(i)][(t)] 
Means, in respect of each [Valuation Date (i)][calendar day(t)], a [future contract] [Commodity] 
w hich is determined in accordance w ith the Roll Schedule. 
Calculation Time 
means w ith respect to the Underlying, any time betw een the TimeReferenceOpening and the 
TimeReferenceClosing. 
StopLossLevelCurrent[(i)][(t)]  
means, in respect of [Valuation Date (i)][calendar day(t)], a level w hich is determined in 
accordance w ith the follow ing formulae: 
StopLossLevelCurrent(0) = StopLossLevelInitial 
For each [Valuation Date (i)][calendar day(t)] subsequent to the [Initial Valuation Date][Issue 
Date]: 
if [Valuation Date (i)][calendar day(t)] is an Actualisation Date: 
StopLossLevelCurrent[(i)][(t)] = [Exercise Price[(i)][(t)] x (1 + %Percentage[(i)][(t)]) 
if [Valuation Date (i)][calendar day(t)] is not an Actualisation Date: 
StopLossLevelCurrent[(i)][(t)] = StopLossLevelCurrent([i][t]-1) 
UnderlyingPrice_ESP[(i)][(t)]  
means, in respect of [Valuation Date (i)][calendar day(t)], 
[If Option Extremum is applicable] 
the [low est][highest] level of the Price([i][t],[i][t],v) during the StopLossEventPeriod. 
[If Option Unwind is applicable] 
[the value of the Underlying determined by the Calculation Agent on the basis of the price 
obtained in unw inding the hedging transactions entered into in connection w ith the Warrants 
during the StopLossEventPeriod immediately follow ing the occurrence of an Early Expiration 
Event. UnderlyingPrice_ESP w ill be at the [minimum] [maximum] 
the [low est] [highest] 
quotation 
of the Underlying 
ascertained 
by the 
Calculation 
Agent during 
such 
StopLossEventPeriod.] 
[If Option TWAP is applicable] 
the time w eighted average level of the Price([i][t],[i][t],v) during the StopLossEventPeriod 
[If option No Period is applicable] 
[StopLossLevelCurrent(i)]  
UnderlyingPrice_FSP[(i)][(t)]  
means, in respect of a [Valuation Date (i)][calendar day(t)], Price([i][t],[i][t]). 
Actualisation Date 
means: 
- [the 15th calendar day of each calendar month or if such date is not a Valuation Date, the 
immediately succeeding Valuation Date] [;] [and]

--- Page 338 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
338 
 
- [each day w hich is a Roll Date] [;] [and] 
- [specify] 
3.2.3 
Rolling Turbo 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.2.3., the follow ing provisions apply: 
3.2.3.0 Product Description 
Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final Settlement Price in 
respect of this Product is determined on the basis of the UnderlyingPrice. 
3.2.3.1 Event-linked Early Expiration: 
Not applicable 
3.2.3.2 Final Settlement Price: 
Final Settlement Price = UnderlyingPrice_FSP(RV D(T)) / FX(RVD(T)) 
3.2.3.3 Variable Data: 
BaseCurrency 
FXSource 
FXSourceFixingTime 
InitialParity 
ObservationPeriod 
StopLossLevelInitial 
TargetLeverageLevel 
TimeReferenceClosing 
TimeReferenceOpening 
TurboCurrency 
The Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 below . 
3.2.3.4 Applicable Rates: 
%Percentage 
%ExecFees 
The Applicable Rate is defined under Condition 3.2.0.1 above.

--- Page 339 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
339 
 
3.2.3.5 Specific Definition(s): 
3.2.3.5.1 Specific Definitions relating to the determination of the Product Form ula 
 
FX(i)  
means, for any Valuation Date(i), the spot exchange rate as of the FXSourceFixingTime to 
convert the BaseCurrency into the TurboCurrency in respect of such Valuation Date(i), as 
published by the FXSource, or any successor thereto. If no such rate is available on such 
Valuation Date(i), FX(i) shall be the first available spot exchange rate as of the 
FXSourceFixingTime to convert the BaseCurrency into the TurboCurrency follow ing such day, 
as published by the FXSource, or any successor thereto. 
Price(i,v) 
means, in respect of each Valuation Date(i) and Calculation Time(v), 
[If the Underlying is a Share, an Index, a Depositary Receipt (DR), an Exchange Traded Fund 
(ETF), a Foreign Exchange Rate, a Commodity, or a Commodity Index] 
[the Intraday Price of the Underlying as of such Valuation Date(i) and Calculation Time(v).] 
[For any other type of Underlying] 
[the latest available price, level or rate (as the case may be) of the Underlying published on 
the relevant [Exchange] [Price Source][provide details on relevant source] as of such Valuation 
Date (i) and Calculation Time (v).] 
Price(i)  
means, in respect of each Valuation Date(i), the Reference Price of the Underlying as of such 
Valuation Date(i), subject to the adjustments and provisions of the Additional Terms and 
Conditions relating to such Underlying. 
Calculation Time 
means w ith respect to the Underlying, any time betw een the TimeReferenceOpening and the 
TimeReferenceClosing. 
UnderlyingPrice_FSP(i)  
means, in respect of Valuation Date(i), Price(i). 
Actualisation Date 
means: 
(1) 
the 15th calendar day of each calendar month or if such date is not a Valuation Date, 
the immediately succeeding Valuation Date; and 
(2) 
each day as of w hich [if the Underlying is a Share] [a Potential Adjustment Event] [if 
the Underlying is not a Share] [ [any event or corporate action w hich gives rise to an 
adjustment made by the Calculation Agent in respect of the Additional Terms and 
Conditions for the Underlying]) occurs or w hich is an ex date in respect of a Gross 
Ordinary Distribution for the Underlying. 
(3) 
each Restrike Date. 
[If the Underlying is a future contract:] 
(4) 
[each day on w hich the underlying future contract is rolled]

--- Page 340 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
340 
 
3.2.3.5.2 Specific Definitions relating to the Restrike Event 
 
Restrike Event 
A Restrike Event is deemed to have occurred, if on any Valuation Date(i) follow ing the Initial 
Valuation Date (excluded), and on any Calculation Time (v), Price(i,v) is [low er than] [higher 
than] [or equal to] StopLossLevelCurrent(i) (even if such Valuation Date(i) is subject to a 
Market Disruption Event or Disruption Event). 
Follow ing the occurrence of a Restrike Event, at the end of the ObservationPeriod, 
(1) 
the level of Exercise Price(i) shall be adjusted as follow s: 
In case of Call Warrant: 
[Exercise Price(i) = (UnderlyingPrice_RSD(i) / FX_Restrike(i)) x (1 – (1/TargetLeverage)) x 
(1-%ExecFees)] 
In case of Put Warrant: 
[Exercise Price(i) = (UnderlyingPrice_RSD(i) / FX_Restrike(i)) x (1 + (1/TargetLeverage)) x 
(1+%ExecFees)] 
With Unadjusted Exercise Price(i) defined as the level of Exercise Price(i) prior to the 
occurrence of such Restrike Event. 
(2) 
StopLossLevelCurrent(i) shall be adjusted as and equal to Exercise Price(i) x (1 + 
%Percentage(i)). 
(3) 
Scaling Factor(i) shall be adjusted as follow s: 
In case of Call Warrant: 
[Scaling Factor (i) = Unadjusted Scaling Factor(i) x [(UnderlyingPrice_RSD(i) / FX_Restrike(i)) 
x (1 – %ExecFees) 
– Unadjusted 
Exercise Price(i)] 
/ [(UnderlyingPrice_RSD(i) 
/ 
FX_Restrike(i)) x (1 – %ExecFees) – Exercise Price(i) ]] 
In case of Put Warrant: 
[Scaling Factor (i) = Unadjusted Scaling Factor(i) x [ Unadjusted Exercise Price(i) – 
(UnderlyingPrice_RSD(i) 
/ FX_Restrike(i)) 
x (1 + %ExecFees)] / [Exercise Price(i) – 
(UnderlyingPrice_RSD(i) / FX_Restrike(i)) x (1 + %ExecFees)]] 
With Unadjusted Scaling Factor(i) defined as the level of Scaling Factor(i) prior to the 
occurrence of such Restrike Event. 
FX_Restrike(i)  
means the spot exchange rate to convert the BaseCurrency into the TurboCurrency, as 
published by the FXSource, or any successor thereto on the Restrike Date as of the follow ing 
time: 
[If Option Extremum is applicable] 
[the time 
at w hich the [low est][highest] level of Price(i,v) is reached during the 
ObservationPeriod.]µ 
[If Option Unwind or if Option TWAP is applicable]

--- Page 341 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
341 
 
[the time at w hich UnderlyingPrice_RSD(i) is determined during the ObservationPeriod] 
Provided that if no such rate is available on such time, FX(i) shall be the first next available 
spot exchange rate thereafter convert the BaseCurrency into the TurboCurrency, as published 
by the FXSource, or any successor thereto. 
Restrike Date 
means the Initial Valuation Date and thereafter any Valuation Date(i) on w hich at least one 
Restrike Event Occurs 
Scaling Factor(i) 
means, in respect of Valuation Date(i), a multiplicative factor w hich is determined in 
accordance w ith the follow ing formulae: 
Scaling Factor(0) = 1 
For each Valuation Date(i) subsequent to the Initial Valuation Date: 
if Valuation Date(i) is a Restrike Date: the factor determined in accordance w ith the “Restrike 
Event” section 
if Valuation Date(i) is not a Restrike Date: Scaling Factor(i-1) 
StopLossLevelCurrent(i)  
means, in respect of Valuation Date(i), a level w hich is determined in accordance w ith the 
follow ing formulae: 
StopLossLevelCurrent(0) = StopLossLevelInitial 
For each Valuation Date(i) subsequent to the Initial Valuation Date: 
if Valuation Date(i) is an Actualisation Date: 
StopLossLevelCurrent(i) = Exercise Price(i) x (1 + %Percentage(i)) 
if Valuation Date(i) is not an Actualisation Date: 
StopLossLevelCurrent(i) = StopLossLevelCurrent(i-1) 
TargetLeverage 
Means a target leverage determined in accordance w ith the follow ing formula: 
Option 1 
In case of Call Warrant: 
TargetLeverage = Price(0) / (Price(0) – Exercise Price(0)) 
In case of Put Warrant 
TargetLeverage = Price(0) / (Exercise Price(0)-Price(0)) 
Option 2 
In case of either Call Warrant or Put Warrant:

--- Page 342 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
342 
 
TargetLeverage = TargetLeverageLevel 
w here TargetLeverageLevel is specified in the Applicable Final Terms as variable data 
UnderlyingPrice_RSD(i)  
Means: 
in respect of the Initial Valuation Date: 
Price(0) 
in respect of any subsequent Restrike Date, 
[If Option Extremum is applicable] 
the [low est][highest] level of the Price(i,v) during the ObservationPeriod. 
[If Option Unwind is applicable] 
[the value of the Underlying determined by the Calculation Agent on the basis of the price 
obtained in unw inding the hedging transactions entered into in connection w ith the Warrants 
during the ObservationPeriod immediately follow ing the occurrence of a Restrike Event. 
UnderlyingPrice_RSD w ill be at the [minimum] [maximum] the [low est] [highest] quotation of 
the Underlying ascertained by the Calculation Agent during such ObservationPeriod.] 
[If Option TWAP is applicable] 
[the time w eighted average level of the Price(i,v) during the ObservationPeriod.] 
3.2.3.6 Definition of the Parity in respect of Rolling Turbo 
In the particular context of Rolling Turbos, the Parity w ill be determined on each Valuation Date(i) according to the follow ing definition: 
Parity(i) means, in respect of a Valuation Date(i), InitialParity x (1/ Scaling Factor(i)) 
3.2.4 
Rolling Turbo on futures 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.2.4, the follow ing provisions apply: 
3.2.4.0 Product Description 
Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final Settlement Price in 
respect of this Product is determined on the basis of the UnderlyingPrice. 
3.2.4.1 Event-linked Early Expiration: 
Not applicable 
3.2.4.2 Final Settlement Price: 
Final Settlement Price = UnderlyingPrice_FSP(RV D(T)) / FX(RVD(T)) 
3.2.4.3 Variable Data: 
BaseCurrency

--- Page 343 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
343 
 
FXSource 
FXSourceFixingTime 
InitialParity 
Roll Schedule 
ObservationPeriod 
StopLossLevelInitial 
TargetLeverageLevel 
TimeReferenceClosing 
TimeReferenceOpening 
TurboCurrency 
The Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 below . 
3.2.4.4 Applicable Rates: 
%Percentage 
%ExecFees 
The Applicable Rate is defined under Condition 3.2.0.1 above. 
3.2.4.5 Specific Definition(s): 
3.2.4.5.1 Specific Definitions relating to the determination of the Product Formula 
 
Active 
Future 
Contract 
[(i)][(t)] 
 
Means, in respect of each [Valuation Date (i)][calendar day(t)], a [future contract] [Commodity] 
w hich is determined in accordance w ith the follow ing: 
If [Valuation Date (i)][calendar day(t)] is a Rolling Date: 
Active Future Contract [(i)][(t)] is Target Active Future Contract [(i)][(t)] 
If [Valuation Date (i)][calendar day(t)] is not a Rolling Date: 
Active Future Contract [(i)][(t)] is Active Future Contract ([i][t]-1) 
Where Active Future Contract ([i][t]-1) is the Active Future Contract as of [Valuation 
Date(i-1)][calendar day (t-1)] 
FX[(i)][(t)]  
means, for any [Valuation Date(i)][calendar day (t)], the spot exchange rate as of the 
FXSourceFixingTime to convert the BaseCurrency into the TurboCurrency in respect of such 
[Valuation Date(i)][calendar day (t)], as published by the FXSource, or any successor thereto. 
If no such rate is available on such [Valuation Date(i)][calendar day (t)], FX[(i)][(t)] shall be the 
first available spot exchange rate as of the FXSourceFixingTime to convert the BaseCurrency

--- Page 344 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
344 
 
into the TurboCurrency follow ing such day, as published by the FXSource, or any successor 
thereto. 
Price([i][t],[i][t],v) 
means, in respect of a [calendar day(t)][Valuation Date (i)] and a Calculation Time(v), the 
Intraday Price of the Active Future Contract [(i)][(t)] as defined in the relevant Additional Terms 
and Conditions as of such [Valuation Date (i)][calendar day(t)] and Calculation Time(v).  
Price([i][t]-1,[i][t]) 
means, in respect of each [Valuation Date (i)][calendar day(t)], the [Commodity Reference 
Price][specify] of the Active Future Contract ([i][t]-1) as of such Valuation Date(i), subject to 
the adjustments and provisions of the relevant Additional Terms and Conditions. 
Price([i][t],[i][t]) 
means, in respect of each [Valuation Date (i)][calendar day(t)], the [Commodity Reference 
Price][specify] of the Active Future Contract [(i)][(t)] as of such [Valuation Date (i)][calendar 
day(t)], subject to the adjustments and provisions of the relevant Additional Terms and 
Conditions. 
Rolling Date 
The Initial Valuation Date 
Then: 
The [Commodity Business Day] [specify] before the expiry date of the Active Future Contract. 
RollSpread[(i)][(t)] 
Means in respect of a [Valuation Date (i)][calendar day(t)] w hich is a Rolling Date, a number 
determined in accordance w ith the follow ing: 
[RollSpread(i) = Price(i,i) – Price(i-1,i)] 
[RollSpread(t) = Price(t,t) – Price(t-1,t)] 
Target 
Active 
Future 
Contract [(i)][(t)] 
Means, in respect of each [Valuation Date(i)][calendar day(t)], a [future contract] [Commodity] 
w hich is determined in accordance w ith the Roll Schedule. 
Calculation Time 
means w ith respect to the Underlying, any time betw een the TimeReferenceOpe ning and the 
TimeReferenceClosing. 
UnderlyingPrice_FSP[(i)][(t)]  
means, in respect of a [Valuation Date (i)][calendar day(t)] Price([i][t],[i][t]). 
Actualisation Date 
Means any of the follow ing: 
- [the 15th calendar day of each calendar month or if such date is not a Valuation Date, the 
immediately succeeding Valuation Date] [;][and] 
- [each day w hich is a Rolling Date] [;][and] 
- [each Restrike Date] [;][and] 
- [specify]

--- Page 345 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
345 
 
3.2.4.5.2 Specific Definitions relating to the Restrike Event 
 
Restrike Event 
A Restrike Event is deemed to have occurred, if on any [Valuation Date(i)][calendar day(t)] 
follow ing the Initial Valuation Date (excluded), and on any Calculation Time (v), Price([i][t],v) 
is [low er than] [higher than] [or equal to] StopLossLevelCurrent[(i)][(t)] (even if such [Valuation 
Date(i)][calendar day(t)] is subject to a Market Disruption Event or Disruption Event). 
Follow ing the occurrence of a Restrike Event, at the end of the ObservationPeriod, 
(1) 
the level of Exercise Price[(i)][(t)] shall be adjusted as follow s: 
In case of Call Warrant: 
Exercise Price[(i)][(t)] 
= (UnderlyingPrice_RSD[(i)][(t)] 
/ FX_Restrike[(i)][(t)]) 
x (1 – 
(1/TargetLeverage)) x (1 – %ExecFees) 
In case of Put Warrant 
Exercise Price[(i)][(t)] 
= (UnderlyingPrice_RSD[(i)][(t)] 
/ FX_Restrike[(i)][(t)]) 
x (1 + 
(1/TargetLeverage)) x (1 + %ExecFees) 
With Unadjusted Exercise Price[(i)][(t)] defined as the level of Exercise Price[(i)][(t)] prior to 
the occurrence of such Restrike Event. 
(2) 
StopLossLevelCurrent[(i)][(t)] 
shall be adjusted as and equal to Exercise 
Price[(i)][(t)] x (1 + %Percentage[(i)][(t)]). 
(3) 
Scaling Factor[(i)][(t)] shall be adjusted as follow s: 
In case of Call Warrant: 
[Scaling Factor [(i)][(t)] = Unadjusted Scaling Factor[(i)][(t)] x [(UnderlyingPrice_RSD[(i)][(t)] / 
FX_Restrike[(i)][(t)]) 
x (1 – 
%ExecFees) 
– 
Unadjusted 
Exercise 
Price[(i)][(t)]] 
/ 
[(UnderlyingPrice_RSD[(i)][(t)] 
/ FX_Restrike[(i)][(t)]) 
x (1 – %ExecFees) – Exercise 
Price[(i)][(t)] ]] 
In case of Put Warrant: 
[Scaling Factor[(i)][(t)] = Unadjusted Scaling Factor[(i)][(t)] x [- Unadjusted 
Exercise 
Price[(i)][(t)] – (UnderlyingPrice_RSD[(i)][(t)] / FX_Restrike[(i)][(t)]) x (1 + %ExecFees)] / 
[Exercise Price[(i)][(t)] – (UnderlyingPrice_RSD[(i)][(t)] 
/ FX_Restrike[(i)][(t)]) 
x (1 + 
%ExecFees)]] 
With Unadjusted Scaling Factor(i) defined as the level of Scaling Factor(i) prior to the 
occurrence of such Restrike Event. 
FX_Restrike[(i)][(t)]  
means the spot exchange rate to convert the BaseCurrency into the TurboCurrency, as 
published by the FXSource, or any successor thereto on the Restrike Date as of the follow ing 
time: 
[If Option Extremum is applicable] 
[the time at w hich the [low est][highest] level of Price(i,v) is reached during the 
ObservationPeriod.]

--- Page 346 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
346 
 
[If Option Unwind or if Option TWAP is applicable] 
[the 
time 
at 
w hich 
UnderlyingPrice_RSD(i) 
is 
determined 
during 
the 
ObservationPeriod]Provided that. if no such rate is available on such time, FX(i) shall be the 
first next available spot exchange rate thereafter convert the BaseCurrency into the 
TurboCurrency, as published by the FXSource, or any successor thereto. 
Restrike Date 
means the Initial Valuation Date and thereafter any [Valuation Date(i)][calendar day(t)] on 
w hich at least one Restrike Event Occurs 
ScalingFactor[(i)][(t)] 
means, in respect of Valuation Date[(i)][(t)], a multiplicative factor w hich is determined in 
accordance w ith the follow ing formulae: 
Scaling Factor(0) = 1 
For each Valuation Date[(i)][(t)] subsequent to the Initial Valuation Date: 
if Valuation Date[(i)][(t)] is a Restrike Date: the factor determined in accordance w ith the 
“Restrike Event” section 
if Valuation Date[(i)][(t)] is not a Restrike Date: Scaling Factor([i][t]-1) 
StopLossLevelCurrent[(i)][(t)]  
means, in respect of [Valuation Date (i)][calendar day(t)], a level w hich is determined in 
accordance w ith the follow ing formulae: 
StopLossLevelCurrent(0) = StopLossLevelInitial 
For each [Valuation Date (i)][calendar day(t)] subsequent to the [Initial Valuation Date][Issue 
Date]: 
if [Valuation Date (i)][calendar day(t)] is an Actualisation Date: 
StopLossLevelCurrent[(i)][(t)] = [Exercise Price[(i)][(t)]] x (1 + %Percentage[(i)][(t)]) 
if [Valuation Date (i)][calendar day(t)] is not an Actualisation Date: 
StopLossLevelCurrent[(i)][(t)] = StopLossLevelCurrent([i][t]-1) 
TargetLeverage 
Means a target leverage determined in accordance w ith the follow ing formula: 
Option 1 
In case of Call Warrant: 
TargetLeverage = Price(0) / (Price(0) – Exercise Price(0)) 
In case of Put Warrant: 
TargetLeverage = Price(0) / (Exercise Price(0) – Price(0)) 
Option 2

--- Page 347 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
347 
 
In case of either Call Warrant or Put Warrant: 
TargetLeverage = TargetLeverageLevel 
w here TargetLeverageLevel is specified in the Applicable Final Terms as variable data 
UnderlyingPrice_RSD(i)  
Means: 
in respect of the Initial Valuation Date: 
Price(0) 
in respect of any subsequent Restrike Date, 
[If Option Extremum is applicable] 
the [low est][highest] level of the Price([i][t],[i][t],v) during the ObservationPeriod. 
[If Option Unwind is applicable] 
[the value of the Underlying determined by the Calculation Agent on the basis of the price 
obtained in unw inding the hedging transactions entered into in connection w ith the Warrants 
during the ObservationPeriod immediately follow ing the occurrence of an Early Expiration 
Event. UnderlyingPrice_RSD w ill be at the [minimum] [maximum] the [low est] [highest] 
quotation 
of the Underlying 
ascertained 
by the 
Calculation 
Agent during 
such 
ObservationPeriod.] 
[If Option TWAP is applicable] 
[the time w eighted average level of the Price([i][t],[i][t],v) during the ObservationPeriod.] 
3.2.4.6 Definition of the Parity in respect of Rolling Turbo 
In the particular context of Rolling Turbos on futures, the Parity w ill be determined on each Valuation Date(i) according to the follow ing 
definition: 
Parity(i) means, in respect of a Valuation Date(i), InitialParity x (1/ Scaling Factor(i)) 
4. 
CHARACTERISTICS AND DEFINITIONS RELATING TO REFERENCE PRICE(S) 
Reference Price means in respect of any date (t): 
(a) 
If the Underlying (respectively Underlying(k)) is a Share, an Index, a SGI Index, a Depositary Receipt (DR), an Exchange 
Traded Fund (ETF), an Exchange Traded Product (ETP), a Commodity Index, a Fund, a Foreign Exchange Rate, an Inflation 
Index, a Non-Equity Security or a Future, the relevant Exchange Reference Price as of such date (t) (as if such day (t) w ere 
a Valuation Date for the purpose of the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to such Underlying (respectively 
Underlying(k))); 
(b) 
If the Underlying (respectively Underlying(k)) is a Commodity, the relevant Commodity Reference Price as defined in the 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked Warrants as of such date (t) (as if such day (t) w ere a Valuation Date 
for the purpose of the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to such Underlying (respectively Underlying(k))); and 
(c) 
 If the Underlying (respectively Underlying(k)) is a Reference Rate, the relevant Reference Rate Fixing as defined in the 
relevant Additional Terms and Conditions for Reference Rate Linked Warrants as of such date (t) (as if such day (t) w ere a

--- Page 348 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
348 
 
Valuation Date for the purpose of the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to such Underlying (respectively 
Underlying(k))). 
Exchange Reference Price means, in respect of any date (t) and any Underlying (respectively Underlying(k)) w hich is a Share, an 
Index, a SGI Index, a Depositary Receipt (DR), an Exchange Traded Fund (ETF), an Exchange Traded Product (ETP), a Commodity 
Index, a Fund, a Foreign Exchange Rate, an Inflation Index, a Non-Equity Security or a Future, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
(a) 
If option "Closing Price" is applicable, the Closing Price of such Underlying (respectively Underlying(k)) as defined in the 
relevant Additional Terms and Conditions for the Underlying(s) as of such date (t) (as if such day (t) w ere a Valuation Date 
for the purpose of the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to such Underlying (respectively Underlying(k))) 
(b) 
If option "Fixing Price" is applicable, the [price][level][Intraday Price] of such Underlying (respectively Underlying(k)) [as 
defined in the relevant Additional Terms and Conditions for the Underlying (respectively Underlying(k))] as of such date (t) 
and as of the ReferenceFixingTime (as if such day (t) w ere a Valuation Date for the purpose of the Additional Terms and 
Conditions relating to such Underlying (respectively Underlying(k))). 
(c) 
If option "TWAP" is applicable, the time w eighted average price of such Underlying (respectively Underlying(k)) on such day 
(t), calculated betw een the TWAPStartTime (as defined in the applicable Final Terms) and the TWAPEndTime (as defined 
in the applicable Final Terms), as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(d) 
If option "VWAP" is applicable, the volume w eighted average price of such Underlying (respectively Underlying(k)) on such 
day (t), calculated betw een the VWAPStartTime (as defined in the applicable Final Terms) and the VWAPEndTime (as 
defined in the applicable Final Terms), as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(e) 
If option "Best Effort" is applicable, any of the above options, provided that the Exchange Reference Price w ill correspond 
to the Exchange Reference Price that w ould be actually obtained by Societe Generale (or any of its affiliates) if it w ere to 
hedge such Exchange Reference Price on the relevant underlying exchanges, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(f) 
If option "Bid-Ask Spread" is applicable, then either one of the follow ing may apply: 
(i) 
Option A: 
(A) 
if the relevant Exchange Reference Price is determined by reference to purchase order because of an 
increased exposure of the Warrant to such Underlying (respectively Underlying(k)), the resulting Exchange 
Reference Price shall be further adjusted and multiplied by (1 + SpreadMidAsk) (SpreadMidAsk being 
defined in the applicable Final Terms); and 
(B) 
if the relevant Exchange Reference Price is determined by reference to sell order because of a decreased 
exposure of the Warrant to such Underlying (respectively Underlying(k)), the resulting Exchange 
Reference Price shall be further adjusted and multiplied by (1 – SpreadBidMid) (SpreadBidMid being 
defined in the applicable Final Terms). 
(ii) 
Option B: the Exchange Reference Price shall be further adjusted and multiplied by [(1 + SpreadMidAsk)][(1+ 
SpreadBidMid)][(SpreadMidAsk being defined in the applicable Final Terms)][ (SpreadBidMid being defined in the 
applicable Final Terms)] 
(g) 
If option "Opening Price" is applicable, the Opening Price of such Underlying (respectively Underlying(k)) as defined in the 
relevant Additional Terms and Conditions for the Underlying(s) as of such date (t) (as if such day (t) w ere a Valuation Date 
for the purpose of the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to such Underlying (respectively Underlying(k))) 
Provided that, if so provided in the applicable Final Terms, any of one of the above options may be applied in a different manner in 
respect of (i) different Valuation Dates, or Underlying Level Calculation Dates, as the case may be, or (ii) depending on w hether a 
Modification (as defined in the relevant Condition of these Additional Terms and Conditions) applies in respect of the Valuation Date, 
or Underlying Level Calculation Date, as the case may be, as of w hich such Exchange Reference Price is determined by the 
Calculation Agent.

--- Page 349 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
349 
 
Relevant Foreign Exchange Rate or RelevantFXRate(i) or RelevantFXRate(i, X, Y, Price Source, Substitute Price Source, 
Valuation Time) means in respect of any Valuation Date(i), the fixing of the foreign exchange rate expressed as X/Y (X and Y are 
currencies) as ascertained by the Calculation Agent based on the Price Source (as such term is defined in the relevant Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Foreign Exchange Rate Linked Warrants) as of the Valuation Time (as such term is defined in the relevant 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Foreign Exchange Rate Linked Warrants). If (a) the Price Source (or any page that may be 
substituted for it) is not available or (b) the fixing of the foreign exchange rate is not available on the Price Source at the Valuation 
Time, the fixing shall be the foreign exchange rate expressed as X/Y (X and Y are currencies) as ascertained by the Calculation Agent 
based on the Substitute Price Source (as such term is defined in the relevant Additional Terms and Conditions for Foreign Exchange 
Rate Linked Warrants) at the Valuation Time, failing w hich if, on the Valuation Date(i) at the Valuation Time, (a) there is no Substitute 
Price Source defined in the applicable Final Terms, (b) the Substitute Price Source (or any page that may be substituted for it) is not 
available or (c) the fixing of such foreign exchange rate is not available on the Substitute Price Source at the Valuation Time, then the 
fixing for the foreign exchange rate w ill be determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Variable Data: 
ReferenceFixingTime 
SpreadMidAsk 
SpreadBidMid 
TWAPStartTime 
TWAPEndTime 
VWAPStartTime 
VWAPEndTime 
The Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 below . 
5. 
GENERAL 
DEFINITIONS 
USED 
IN THESES 
ADDITIONAL 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
RELATING 
TO FIXED 
LEVERAGE AND TURBO WARRANTS 
5.1 
Indices and enumeration convention 
5.1.1 
Generic indices used in Product Formulae definitions 
"i" or "t" or "t1" or "t2" means the reference to any date specified in the relevant Schedule. 
"k" or "s" means the reference to any Underlying specified in the relevant Basket. 
"N" means the number of Underlyings comprised in the relevant Basket. 
"RVD(i) (Relevant Valuation Date and w ith the abbreviate RVD) means, in respect of any date (i), the reference to a date (w hich 
may be different from date(i)). 
"ULCD(i)" or "Underlying Level Calculation Date(i)" means, the dates w hich are defined in the relevant Schedule and w hich are 
used for the purpose of calculating a Product Formula, w ithout such Underlying Level Calculation Date(i) having to be a Valuation 
Date for the purpose of the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to the relevant Underlying. 
"t0" (or "0") means the first date of the relevant Schedule. 
"T" means the last Valuation Date of the relevant Schedule. 
"T2" means the last Underlying Level Calculation Date of the relevant Schedule.

--- Page 350 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
350 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, i-1, t-1, t1-1, t2-1, T-1 or T2-1 (t+1,t1+1,t2+1, T+1 or T2+1) means the Valuation Date immediately 
preceding (follow ing) i, t, t1, t2, T or T2. 
5.1.2 
Enumeration convention 
Enumeration w ill be generally defined as follow s: 
"(i from t1 to t2)" means any date(i) from and including t1 to and including t2. 
"(k from 1 to N)" means any Underlying(k) w ithin a Basket from and including Underlying(1) to and including Underlying(N). 
For the avoidance of doubt, low er and upper bounds of generic enumerations used in Product Formulae definitions can be modified 
to take into account specificities of Product Schedules, among other things. For instance (i from 0 to T) used in a generic Product 
Formula can become (i from 1 to T-1) for the purpose of defining a Product Formula in respect of a particular Product. 
5.2 
Generic definitions 
Gross Ordinary Distribution means: 
 
In respect of an Underlying w hich is a Share, a Depositary Receipt, or an ETF, the distribution w hich is an ordinary cash 
dividend (or distribution w ith similar characteristics) and w hich does not give rise to any Potential Adjustment Event. 
 
In respect of an Underlying w hich is a Bond, a Fund, a Commodity, a Reference Rate, a Foreign Exchange Rate, an ETP, a 
Future or a Non-Equity Security, a distribution or amount w hich does not give rise to any adjustment made by the Calculation 
Agent in respect of the Additional Terms and Conditions for such Underlying. 
 
In respect of an Underlying w hich is an Index or a SGI Index, the sum of distributions (including dividends and coupons), 
expressed in index points, paid in cash by the components of the Index w hich do not give rise to any adjustment at the level 
of such Index, in each case multiplied by their relevant quantity in the Index and converted into the currency of the index 
using the relevant currency exchange rate as published by the FXSource. 
 
In respect of an Underlying w hich is an Index or a SGI Index, and only if “Account for All Dividends” is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, the sum of Gross Ordinary Distributions (including dividends and coupons), expressed in index 
points, paid in cash by the components of the Index as if the components of such Index w ere the Underlying, regardless of 
w hether such distributions actually give or do not give rise to any adjustment at the level of such Index; and in each case 
multiplied by their relevant quantity in the Index and converted into the currency of the index using the relevant currency 
exchange rate as published by the FXSource. 
Any Gross Ordinary Distribution shall be determined by the Calculation Agent before the w ithholding or deduction of taxes at the 
source by or on behalf of any applicable authority having pow er to tax in respect of such a Gross Ordinary Distribution, and shall 
exclude any imputation or other credits, refunds or deductions granted by any applicable authority having pow er to tax in respect of 
such Gross Ordinary Distribution and any taxes, credits, refunds or benefits imposed, w ithheld, assessed or levied thereon. 
Notional Amount means the notional amount of each Warrant specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Product Amount defined as such in the Overview  of these Additional Terms and Conditions. 
Product Formula defined as such in the Overview  of these Additional Terms and Conditions. 
Settlement Currency means the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if no currency is specified, the currency 
of the Notional Amount of the relevant Warrants. 
Underlying (respectively Underlying(k)) means the underlying asset (respectively underlying asset (k)) being used as underlying to 
the relevant Warrant Formula(e) as specified in the applicable Final Terms. "Underlying" shall have the meaning given to it in the 
Terms and Conditions.

--- Page 351 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
351 
 
5.3 
Schedules, dates and days 
ACT(i1,i2) means the number of calendar days betw een the Valuation Date(i1) (included) and the Valuation Date(i2) (excluded). 
Business Day means a Business Day as defined in the Terms and Conditions or in the applicable Final Terms. 
Early Settlement Date or Settlement Date means payment dates as specified in the applicable Final Terms, w hich in the case of 
the Early Settlement Date, shall be deemed to also be the Event-linked Early Settlement Date, in the paragraphs "Optional Early 
Settlement Date" and/or "Event-linked Early Settlement Date", as the case may be. 
Schedule defined as such in the Overview  of the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants. 
Valuation Date or Relevant Valuation Date ("RVD") or any other date, each defined in the applicable Final Terms, means in respect 
of an Underlying, the date defined as the Valuation Date or Averaging Date in the relevant Additional Terms and Conditions relating 
to the Underlying. 
5.4 
General Variable Data 
The follow ing Variable Data shall be specified w hen relevant in the applicable Final Terms: 
%CollatCostRateInitial means the initial value of %CollatCostRate. 
%DistRateInitial[(k)] means the initial value of %DistRate for Underlying[(k)]. 
%DistRateBasketInitial[(k)] means the initial value of %DistRateBasket for Underlying[(k)]. 
%DistRateBasketLongInitial[(m)] means the initial value of %DistRateBasketLong for Underlying[(m)]. 
%DistRateBasketShortInitial[(s)] means the initial value of %DistRateBasketShort for Underlying[(s)]. 
%ExecFeesLevel means the value of %ExecFees. 
%Gap&ReplicationRateInitial means the initial value of %Gap&ReplicationRate. 
%FinancingRate[A/B]Initial means the initial value of %FinancingRate[A/B]. 
%QuantoRateInitial means the initial value of %QuantoRate. 
%RepoRateInitial means the initial value of %RepoRate. 
%MarginCostInitial means the initial value of %MarginCost. 
%SpreadLevelInitial means the initial value of %SpreadLevel. 
BarrierLevelAutocall means the barrier that, once reached, triggers an Early Expiration Event. This Variable Data can be an amount, 
a percentage or a level. 
BaseAmount means a reference amount. 
BaseCurrency or BasketCurrency or LeveragedStrategyCurrency or TurboCurrency means a reference currency. 
BaseSettlementLevel or BaseSettlementLevel_ESP or BaseSettlementLevel_FSP means a constant amount, percentage or 
level. 
Basis means a number that w ill be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
BSCLInitial means the initial level of the Benchmark Strategy Closing Level for Fixed Leverage Products.

--- Page 352 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
352 
 
CapitalisationRate means a rate designed to reflect the time betw een the Last Valuation Date and the last Settlement Date. 
CashLevelInitial means the initial additive adjustment factor w hich is used to determine UnderlyingLevel. 
Collateralisation Percentage refers to a hypothetical collateralisation percentage. 
ContractTable1 means, in respect of a Valuation Date(i) and an Underlying, a table containing the starting and expiring time of the 
first nearby future contracts. 
ContractTable2 means, in respect of a Valuation Date(i) and an Underlying, a table containing the starting and expiring time of the 
second nearby future contracts. 
DailyRestrikePercentage means a percentage w hich is used to determine the level of the barrier w hich, if reached by the Underlying, 
triggers an Intraday Restrike Event for Fixed Leverage Products. 
DayCountBasis or DayCountBasisCommission or DayCountBasisRate means the number of day in a year used in order to 
de-annualise a rate. 
ERLSCLInitial means the initial level of the Excess Return Leveraged Strategy Closing Level for Fixed Leverage Products. 
ExercisePriceInitial means the initial level of the Exercise Price for Turbo Products. 
FXSource or FXSource1 or FXSource2 means the source of foreign exchange used to determine foreign exchange rates. 
FXSourceFixingTime or FXSourceFixingTime1 or FXSourceFixingTime2 means a time in a day used to determine a foreign 
exchange rate fixing. 
GlobalAdditiveFactor means the additive factor applied to a Product Formula in order to either increase or decrease the exposure 
to such Product Formula. 
GlobalCap means the maximum level or percentage or amount that can be reached by the component of a Product Formula to w hich 
it is applied; if the component to w hich it is applied is higher than the GlobalCap, the component w ill be deemed equal to the 
GlobalCap. GlobalCap may be an amount, a percentage or a level. 
GlobalFloor means the minimum level or percentage or amount that can be reached by the component of a Product Formula to 
w hich it is applied; if the component to w hich it is applied is low er than the GlobalFloor, the component w ill be deemed equal to the 
GlobalFloor. GlobalFloor may be an amount, a percentage or a level. 
GlobalMultiplicativeFactor means the multiplicative factor applied to a Product Formula in order to either increase or decrease the 
exposure to such Product Formula. 
H or HInitial or HLong or HLongInitial or HShort or HShortInitial means an initial additive adjustment factor w hich is used to 
determine AdjustedBasketValue. 
InitialBasketValue or InitialBasketValueLong or InitialBasketValueShort means a reference value used to determine the relevant 
UnderlyingLevel, 
w hich may differ from the initial 
value of the relevant OneDeltaBasket 
or OneDeltaBasketLong 
or 
OneDeltaBasketShort. 
InitialValue means a reference value. 
InitialParity means a number specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Leverage means the multiplicative factor applied to one or several component(s) of a Product Formula in order to either increase or 
decrease the exposure to these component(s) of a Product Formula. These Variable Data can be an amount, a percentage or a lev el. 
LeverageInitial means the initial level of Leverage.

--- Page 353 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
353 
 
Leverage_Cap means the maximum level that can be reached by the Leverage. 
Leverage_Floor means the minimum level that can be reached by the Leverage. 
LSCLInitial means the initial level of the Leveraged Strategy Closing Level for Fixed Leverage Products. 
MultiplierInitial means the initial multiplicative factor w hich is used to determine the initial value of the Multiplier. 
N means a number specified in the applicable Final Terms 
NumberMonth1 or NumberMonth2 means the next month number used to determine the active future contract. 
NumberNearbyContract1 or NumberNearbyContract2 means the nearby contract number used to determine the active future 
contract. 
PCP means a reference percentage used in the determination of the %CollatCostRate. 
QInitial(k) (k from 1 to N) or QLongInitial(m) (m from 1 to NLong) or QShortInitial(s) (s from 1 to NShort) means the initial 
quantity of an underlying w ithin a basket. 
RateOvernight means an rate (usually overnight) w hich is used to determine CashRate in the context of Fixed Leverage Products. 
RateOvernightScreenPage means the screen page used to observe RateOvernight. 
RatioInitial means the initial value of the Ratio. 
RatioResetThreshold means a threshold w hich is used to determine w hen the Ratio of a Fixed Leveraged Warrant is to be 
automatically reset. 
ReferenceCollateralAssets means a description of reference collateral assets used to determine the %CollatCostRate. 
ReferenceCountry means a country used to determine the dividend rate that a hypothetical investor located in such country w ould 
receive. 
ReferenceFixingTime means the specific time used to determine the Fixing Price of an Underlying w hen the option Fixing Price is 
chosen to determine the Exchange Reference Price. 
RollEndDate or RollStartDate means a date w hich is used to determine a roll period. 
Roll Schedule means a table used to determine the Target Active Future Contract. 
SpreadMidAsk means the Spread used to adjust the Exchange Reference Price w hen the option Bid-Ask Spread is chosen to 
determine the Exchange Reference Price. 
SpreadBidMid means the Spread used to adjust the Exchange Reference Price w hen the option Bid-Ask Spread is chosen to 
determine the Exchange Reference Price. 
StopLossLevelInitial means the initial value of CurrentStopLossLevelCurrent. 
StopLossEventPeriod means a period w hich starts after a stop loss event and during w hich the Settlement Price is determined in 
case of Turbos. 
Threshold means the threshold under or above w hich the participation to the level or performance of the Underlying(s) is adjusted. 
This Variable Data can be an amount, a percentage or a level. 
Target_Volatility means a target level of volatility.

--- Page 354 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
354 
 
TimeReferenceClosing or TimeReferenceOpening means a time used to determine reference prices. 
TRUSCLInitial means the initial level of the Total Return Unleveraged Strategy Closing Level for Fixed Leverage Products. 
TWAPStartTime means the specific time used to determine the beginning of the period considered to compute the time w eighted 
average price of an Underlying w hen the option TWAP is chosen to determine the Exchange Reference Price. 
TWAPEndTime means the specific time used to determine the end of the period considered to compute the time w eighted average 
price of an Underlying w hen the option TWAP is chosen to determine the Exchange Reference Price. 
UnitaryCashLegInitial or UnitaryDistInitial or UnitaryReplicationInitial means an initial additive adjustment factor w hich is used 
to determine UnderlyingLevel. 
VWAPStartTime means the specific time used to determine the beginning of the period considered to compute the volume w eighted 
average price of an Underlying w hen the option VWAP is chosen to determine the Exchange Reference Price. 
VWAPEndTime means the specific time used to determine the end of the period considered to compute the volume w eighted average 
price of an Underlying w hen the option VWAP is chosen to determine the Exchange Reference Price. 
6. 
DEFINITIONS RELATING TO MATHEMATICAL OPERATORS AND SYMBOLS 
Where a given formula contains signs from both Groups 1 and 2 below , the operations required by the signs in Group 1 should be 
computed first, follow ed by the operations required by the signs in Group 2. 
Group 1 signs: / or x or * 
Group 2 signs: + or – 
 
+ 
means that the item preceding this sign is added to the item follow ing 
this sign. 
- 
means that the item follow ing this sign is deducted from the item 
preceding this sign. 
/ 
means that the item preceding this sign is divided by the item follow ing 
this sign. 
x or * 
means that the item preceding this sign w ill be multiplied by the item 
follow ing this sign. 
> 
means that an item X preceding this sign is, or w hen used in a 
condition, must be, strictly higher than an item Y follow ing this sign 
(E.g.: "If X>Y then,…" means that X must be strictly higher than Y for 
such condition to be met). 
< 
means that an item X preceding this sign is, or w hen used in a 
condition, must be, strictly low er than an item Y follow ing this sign 
(E.g.: "If X<Y then,…" means that X must be strictly low er than Y for 
such condition to be met).

--- Page 355 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
355 
 
 or >= 
means that an item X preceding this sign is, or w hen used in a 
condition, must be, equal to or higher than an item Y follow ing this sign 
(E.g.: "If X ≥ Y then,…" means that X must be equal to or higher than 
Y for such condition to be met).  
 or <= 
means that an item X preceding this sign is, or w hen used in a 
condition, must be, equal to or low er than an item Y follow ing this sign 
(E.g.: "If X ≤ Y then,…" means that X must be equal to or low er than Y 
for the condition to be met). 
i from X to Y 
means that w ithin the countable list of the designated item to w hich i 
applies (as defined above), only the items w ith a rank betw een X and 
Y both included (X and Y are numbers) are considered. 
i from X to Y and ≠ i0 by extension the item ranked i0 is excluded from 
the above list. 
Min(X;Y) 
means that the considered level is the low est level betw een the levels 
of the tw o numbers X and Y. 
Min or min or MIN or Minimum 
means, for the item to w hich it applies, the low est level that the item 
w ill take 
E.g. Min(n from 1 to 10) FunctionLevel(n) means the low est level 
among the 10 levels that FunctionLevel(n) takes 
Max(X;Y) 
means that the considered level is the highest level betw een the levels 
of the tw o numbers X and Y. 
Max or max or MAX or Maximum 
means, for the item to w hich it applies, the highest level that the item 
w ill take 
E.g. Max(n from 1 to 10) FunctionLevel(n) means the highest level 
among the 10 levels that FunctionLevel(n) takes 
∑or 𝐒𝐮𝐦 (n from 1 to X) or 𝐒𝐮𝐦
𝑋
𝑛 = 1
 
 
means, for the item to w hich it applies, the sum of the X levels that the 
item w ill take. 
Sum of a and b means a + b. 
E.g.: 
∑
10
𝑛 = 1
 
FunctionLevel(n) means the sum of the 10 levels that FunctionLevel(n) 
takes w hen n varies from 1 to 10.

--- Page 356 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
356 
 
1
X  × ∑or Average(𝑛 from 1 to 𝑋)
or Arithmetic Average
X
n = 1
 
 
E.g.: 
1
10 × ∑
10
𝑛 = 1
  
FunctionLevel(n) means the arithmetic average of the 10 levels that 
FunctionLevel(n) takes. 
│X│ or Abs (X) or Absolute Value of X 
means the maximum betw een X and -X.  
𝑋𝑛or X^n 
means that the level to be considered is the result of X multiplied by 
itself "n-1" times (E.g.: 25means 2*2*2*2*2 (i.e. 2 multiplied by itself 4 
times) = 32). 
√X or the square root of X 
means that the level to be considered is the number w hich w hen 
multiplied by itself gives X (E.g.: √9 = 3 since 3*3 = 9.) 
∏or 𝐏𝐫𝐨𝐝𝐮𝐜𝐭
x
n = 1
 
 
means, for the item to w hich it applies, the product of the x levels that 
the item w ill take. 
Product of a and b means a x b. 
E.g.: 
∏(𝑛+ 1)
3
n = 1
 
means (1+1)(2+1)(3+1) = 2 × 3 × 4 = 24 
LN(x) = ln(x) = Ln(x) 
means logarithm to the base e of x, for example LN(2) = 0.69315. 
INT(x) 
means the function w hich gives the integer part of the number x 
(rounded dow n to the closest integer number). 
E.g.: INT(2.3) = 2, INT(1.6) = 1, INT(-1.4) = -2, INT(-4.6) = -5. 
IND(condition) 
means the characteristic function of the condition w hich is equal to 1 if 
the condition is satisfied and w hich is equal to 0 if the condition is not 
satisfied 
E.g.: S(0): Closing Price of the Underlying on Valuation Date(0) 
S(1): Closing Price of the Underlying on Valuation Date(1) 
if S(0) > S(1), then IND(S(0)>S(1)) = 1 
if S(0) = S(1), then IND(S(0)>S(1)) = 0 
if S(0) < S(1), then IND(S(0)>S(1)) = 0

--- Page 357 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
357 
 
Ratio 
Ratio betw een a and b means a / b 
Difference 
Difference betw een a and b means a – b

--- Page 358 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
358 
 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAE 
The follow ing Additional Terms and Conditions relating to formulae (the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae) 
w ill apply w ith respect to an Issue of Warrants that are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Formula-Linked Warrants. 
Where these Additional Terms and Conditions are applicable to an Issue of Warrants, the applicable Final Terms w ill specify in a 
clause called "Reference of the Product" a reference to a paragraph of the Condition 3 below . 
The definitions used in the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae may also apply to a Warrants the applicable Final 
Terms of w hich specify that all or part of the capitalised terms used therein have the meaning as described to them in the Additional 
Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae. 
For the purposes of these Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae, a Warrant to w hich they apply is a Product. 
Each Product forms part of a family of products (the Family of Product). 
OVERVIEW 
Diagram: 
The follow ing diagram provides an overview  of the organisation of each Family of Products, using the example of the Family of  
Products "Base Product" (as set out in detail in Condition 3.1 below ).

--- Page 359 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
359 
 
Contents and description 
Family of Product 
A Family of Products is a group of Product having similar 
characteristics. For each Family of Product, formulae and 
variable data are defined in order to determine the Product 
Amounts (defined below ).  
Reference of the Product 
A Reference of the Product is a three-digit reference number w ith 
the first tw o digits corresponding to the reference of the Family 
of Product to w hich the Product belongs and the third digit 
corresponding to the Product itself. The applicable Final Terms 
of a Product shall indicate the Reference of the Product (w hich 
corresponds to a paragraph of Condition 3 w here are listed all 
the formulae and variable data used to determine the Product 
Amounts (defined below )), and as the case may be, the Options 
and Add-ons necessary to determine these amounts.  
 
Product: 
A Product is a Warrant to w hich these Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae apply and having one or more Early 
Settlement Price(s) (if any), and a Final Settlement Price (each a Product Amount and together, the Product Amounts), each 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the basis of a set of definitions and formulae listed in Condition 3 below  in the relevant 
paragraph corresponding to the Reference of the Product. 
Early Settlement Price (s) (if any) 
[as described in Condition 1.2 below] 
Common principles: 
For each Product, the Product Amount is equal to the formula 
(Notional Amount x Product Formula). A Product Amount may 
be simplified to the Product Formula if the Notional Amount is set 
to "Not applicable" in the applicable Final Terms. 
For each Product and each Product Amount, a Product 
Formula is based on and/or combines one or more specific 
definitions 
and 
formulae, 
called 
Variable 
Data 
and 
ReferenceFormula(e). 
For the avoidance of doubt, several Variable Data and 
ReferenceFormula(e) 
can be associated w ith a particular 
Product Formula and, for each Product Formula, one or several 
Options and/or Add-ons may be applicable. 
Product Formula = Function{Schedule(s); Specific Definition(s); 
Variable Data; Reference Formula(e); Add-on(s); Option(s)} 
Specific Product Formula(e) 
and/or Variable Data and/or 
Applicable Rate(s) may be defined for each Product Amount. 
Final Settlement Price 
[as described in Condition 1.3 below]

--- Page 360 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
360 
 
The follow ing provisions w ill apply for the Early Settlement Price (if any) and the Final Settlement Price: 
Schedule 
[as described in Condition 2.1 below] 
A Schedule means (i) either Valuation Date(s) or Relevant 
Valuation Date(s) or any other date(s) listed in the applicable 
Final Terms, or (ii) Valuation Date(s) or Relevant Valuation 
Date(s) or any other date(s) comprised w ithin a period defined in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
For the avoidance of doubt, several Schedules may be used for 
the determination and calculation of a particular Product Amount. 
For ease of reading, Schedules may be renamed (e.g. Period, 
Corridor Period, Interest Period, European Knock-In Period, 
American Knock-In Period...). 
Furthermore, in respect of Product Formula and a particular 
Schedule, also for ease of reading, Valuation Date or Relevant 
Valuation Date may be renamed (for instance, and w ithout 
limitation, 
for a Schedule made of daily Valuation Dates, 
"Valuation Date" may be renamed "Daily Valuation Date", for a 
Schedule w ith annual Relevant Valuation Dates, "Relevant 
Valuation Date" may be renamed "Annual Valuation Date", for 
another Schedule relating to a specific Underlying_A, "Valuation 
Date" may be renamed "Underlying_A Valuation Date",...). 
For the avoidance of doubt, all these dates w hatever their names 
shall be considered as Valuation Dates as defined in the relevant 
Additional Terms and Conditions for the relevant Underlying(s), 
w ith the exception of the Averaging Date w hich shall keep the 
meaning of Averaging Date as defined in the relevant Additional 
Terms and Conditions for the relevant Underlying(s), 
General Definitions 
[as described in Condition 2.2 below] 
Means the definitions in Condition 5 that may apply to any Family 
of Product and any Product w ithin a Family of Product. 
Specific Definition(s) 
[as described in Condition 2.2 below] 
Means, if relevant, definition(s) and formula(e) required for the 
determination and calculation of a Product Amount, specific to a 
particular Product. In Condition 3, w hen the determination of a 
Product Formula of a Product Amount needs one or several 
specific definitions, a paragraph "Specific Definitions" w ill appear 
in the paragraph of the corresponding Product w ith either (i) a 
specific definition contained in these Additional Terms and 
Conditions relating to Formulae or (ii) the reference(s) to the 
Conditions 
below  w here the Specific Definition(s) 
is/are 
necessary for the determination and calculation of the a Product 
Amount of such Product can be found. 
Variable Data 
[as described in Condition 2.3 below] 
Means, for the Product Formula of a Product Amount, the 
variable data used as input(s) in the Product Formula for the 
determination 
and calculation of the Product Amount and 
specified w ith the relevant (inter alia) amount, level, percentage 
or the value 
of the ReferenceFormula 
applied 
to the 
Underlying(s) of the Product in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 361 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
361 
 
Reference Formula(e) 
[as described in Condition 2.4 below] 
Means, a formula appearing among the list of Reference 
Formulae appearing in Conditions 4.1 to 4.29 and w hich serves 
to notice or to calculate (i) the price of an Underlying called 
Reference Price, (ii) the Level of an Underlying 
called 
Reference Level, (iii) the Performance of an Underlying called 
Reference Performance and/or (iv) the Fixing of a Reference 
Rate called Reference Fixing, used as the case may be, for one 
or several Product Formula(e) of one or several Product 
Amount(s). 
Any Reference Formula may be indexed to any type of 
Underlying w hich terms and conditions are governed by the 
relevant Additional Terms and Conditions for the relevant 
Underlying. 
The Reference Formulae listed in Conditions 4.1 to 4.29 are 
grouped by family.  
Add-on 
[as described in Condition 1.4 below] 
Means the list of generic features that can be applied to any 
standard Product Formula(e) in order to either supplement or 
modify or supersede these standard Product Formula(e). The 
clause "Reference of the Product" in the applicable Final Terms 
w ill specify the Add-on(s) applicable to such Product.  
Option 1, 2,…X  
Means w ithin a same Family of Product or Add-on the different 
variations of the Product Formula(e) used for the calculation of a 
Product Amount. These different Options are described in 
Condition 3. The clause "Reference of the Product" of the 
applicable Final Terms w ill indicate the Option applicable to the 
Product. 
Scenario 1, 2,…X 
Means, the fact that a Product Amount of a single Product may 
be determined and calculated in different w ays depending on the 
occurrence of one or more events involving one or more 
Reference Formula(e) defined below .  
 
1. 
PROVISIONS AND DEFINITIONS RELATING THE PRODUCT AMOUNTS 
The provisions described hereunder are applicable to all the different Product Formulae described in Condition 3. 
1.1 
Reserved 
1.2 
Early Settlement Price 
1.2.1 
General description 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the paragraph "Event-linked Early Expiration" is "Applicable", any relevant Product Formula 
used to determine the Early Settlement Price(s) appearing in the paragraph relating to the Reference of the Product in Condition 3 
below  w ill be replicated in the paragraph "Event-linked Early Settlement Price" of the applicable Final Terms w ith the values taken by 
the relevant Variable Data, ReferenceFormula(e), Schedule(s), indication of the Specific Definitions, applicable Add-ons and/or 
Options:

--- Page 362 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
362 
 
Event-linked Early Settlement Price: 
Unless previously exercised or cancelled in accordance w ith the 
Terms and Conditions, the Event-linked Early Settlement Price for 
each Warrant shall be the Early Settlement Price for each Warrant 
w hich w ill be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
w ith the follow ing provisions: 
[Insert the Early Settlement Price of the Product corresponding to 
the relevant Reference of the Product. The applicable definitions 
to the Product Formula(e) will be inserted in the clause 
"Definitions relating to the Product" of the applicable Final Terms.] 
1.2.2 
Early Expiration 
For the purpose of this section, Reference Date(s)(t), Reference Date(s)(x) or Reference Date(s)(y) means  
 
[the Valuation Date(i)] or 
 
[the date(t) (respectively date(x) or date(y)) as defined in the applicable Final Terms] or 
 
[each of Valuation Date(s)(t) (respectively Valuation Date(s)(x) or Valuation Date(s)(y)) w ithin the Automatic Early 
Redemption Event Schedule(i)] or 
 
[at least one Valuation Date(t) (respectively Valuation Date(s)(x) or Valuation Date(s)(y)) w ithin the Early Expiration Event 
Schedule(i)] or 
 
[[NumberofDays] consecutive Valuation Date(s)(t) (respectively Valuation Date(s)(x) or Valuation Date(s)(y)) w ithin the Early 
Expiration Event Schedule(i)] or 
 
[at least [NumberofDays] [non consecutive] Valuation Date(s)(t) (respectively Valuation Date(s)(x) or Valuation Date(s)(y)) 
w ithin the Early Expiration Event Schedule(i)] or 
 
[date(s)(t) (respectively Valuation Date(s)(x) or Valuation Date(s)(y)) w ithin the Early Expiration Event Schedule(i)] or 
 
[each of date(s)(t) (respectively date(s)(x) or date(s)(y)) w ithin the Early Expiration Event Schedule(i)] or 
 
[at least one date(t) (respectively date(s)(x) or date(s)(y)) w ithin the Early Expiration Event Schedule(i)] or 
 
[[NumberofDays] consecutive date(s)(t) (respectively date(s)(x) or date(s)(y)) w ithin the Early Expiration Event Schedule(i)] 
or 
 
[at least [NumberofDays] non consecutive date(s)(t) (respectively date(s)(x) or date(s)(y)) w ithin the Early Expiration Event 
Schedule(i)] or 
 
[each Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day from and [including][excluding] Valuation Date(t1) to and 
[including][excluding] Valuation Date(t2)] or 
 
[at least one Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day from and [including][excluding] Valuation Date(t1) to and 
[including][excluding] Valuation Date(t2)] 
as defined in the applicable Final Terms if the case may be. 
(a) 
Description: 
Mono-Underlying

--- Page 363 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
363 
 
Early Expiration Event(i) is deemed to have occurred, as determined by the Calculation Agent, if on Reference Date(s)(t), 
[[ReferenceFormula_Autocall(t)] or [the Closing Price [S(t)]] or [each Intraday Price [SI(t)]] or [at least one Intraday Price [SI(t)]] is 
[higher] [low er] than [or equal to] [AutocallBarrier] [AutocallBarrier(i)]] [[and] [or] [on Reference Date(s)(x)] [a European] [an American] 
[a Low  Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred] [[and] [or] [on Reference Date(s)(x)] [a European] [an 
American] [a Low  Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred] [[and] [or] [ReferenceFormula_Autocall_2(t)] 
or [the Closing Price [S(t)]] or [each Intraday Price [SI(t)]] or [at least one Intraday Price [SI(t)]] or [at least one Closing Price [S(t)]] is 
[higher] [low er] than [or equal to] [AutocallBarrier_2] [AutocallBarrier_2(i)]]. 
Multi-Underlyings 
Early Expiration Event(i) is deemed to have occurred, as determined by the Calculation Agent, if on Reference Date(s)(t), 
[[ReferenceFormula_Autocall(t)] [ReferenceFormula_Autocall(t,k) 
of each Underlying(k)] or [the Closing Price [S(t,k)] of  each 
Underlying(k)] or [each Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of each Underlying(k)] or [at least one Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of each Underlying(k)] or 
[ReferenceFormula_Autocall(t,k) of at least one Underlying(k)] or [the Closing Price [S(t,k)] of at least one Underlying(k)] or [each 
Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of at least one Underlying(k)] or [at least one Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of at least one Underlying(k)] is [higher] 
[low er] than [or equal to] [AutocallBarrier] [AutocallBarrier(i,k)]] [[and] [or] [on Reference Date(s)(x)] [a European] [an American] [a 
Low  Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] Knock-in Event has [not] occurred] [[and] [or] [on Reference Date(s)(x)] [a European] [an 
American] [a Low  Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] Knock-in Event has [not] occurred] [[and] [or] [ReferenceFormula_Autocall_2(t)] 
[ReferenceFormula_Autocall_2(t,k) of each Underlying(k)] or [the Closing Price [S(t,k)] of each Underlying(k)] or [each Intraday Price 
[SI(t,k)] of each Underlying(k)] or [at least one Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of each Underlying(k)] or [ReferenceFormula_Autocall_2(t,k) of 
at least one Underlying(k)] or [the Closing Price [S(t,k)] of at least one Underlying(k)] or [each Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of at least one 
Underlying(k)] or [at least one Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of at least one Underlying(k)] is [higher] [low er] than [or equal to] 
[AutocallBarrier_2] [AutocallBarrier_2(i,k)]]. 
(b) 
Variable Data: 
NumberofDays; AutocallBarrier; AutocallBarrier_2 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
(c) 
Reference Formula(e): 
ReferenceFormula_Autocall; ReferenceFormula_Autocall_2; Closing Price; Intraday Price 
 
1.3 
Final Settlement Price of the Warrants 
Any relevant Product Formula used to determine the Final Settlement Price of the relevant Product appearing in the paragraph relating 
to the Reference of the Product in Condition 3 below  w ill be replicated in the clause "Final Settlement Price" of the Final Terms w ith 
the values taken by the Variable Data, the ReferenceFormula(e), the necessaries Schedule(s), the indication of the Specific 
Definitions, applicable Add-ons and/or Options set out in Conditions 1.4, 2.1, 2.2, 2.3 and 2.4, as the case may be, below : 
 
Final Settlement Price: 
Unless previously exercised or cancelled in accordance w ith the 
Terms and Conditions, the Final Settlement Price for each 
Warrant w ill be determined 
by the Calculation 
Agent in 
accordance w ith the follow ing provisions: 
[Insert the Final Settlement Price of the Product corresponding 
to the relevant Reference of the Product. The applicable 
definitions to the Product Formula(e) will be inserted in the 
clause "Definitions relating to the Product" of the applicable Final 
Terms.]

--- Page 364 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
364 
 
1.4 
Add-ons relating to Product Formulae 
When an Add-on is used in respect of the Product Formula of a Product Amount defined in Condition 3 below , this w ill supplement, 
modify or supersede, such Product Formula. 
For each Product Amount in respect of w hich an Add-on is used, the relevant Product Amount section of the applicable Final Terms 
shall include the reference to (a) the relevant Add-on (Conditions 1.4.1 to 1.4.11 below ), (b) the applicable Option in relation to the 
relevant Add-on (Conditions 1.4.5 to 1.4.6 below ) and (c) the applicable Product Formula(e) (Condition 3 below ) and / or Variable 
Data (Condition 5 below ). 
1.4.1 
Add-on relating to Early Settlement Price 
If the paragraph "Event-linked Early Expiration" of a Product of a Family of Products is specified as being "Applicable" in Condition 3 
below , this may nevertheless be modified as follow s in accordance w ith the information indicated in the clause "Reference of the 
Product" of the applicable Final Terms: 
 
this clause may be set as "Not applicable" in the applicable Final Terms of the Product and, consequently, no Early 
Settlement Price shall be determined in respect of the Product; 
 
he Product Formula(e) predefined relating to the Early Settlement Price may be superseded by one or more Product 
Formula(e) relating to the Early Settlement Price of any other Product of any other Family of Products described in 
Condition 3 below ; 
 
the Product Formula(e) predefined relating to the Early Settlement Price may be superseded by one or more Product 
Formula(e) relating to the Final Settlement Price of any other Product of any other Family of Product described in Condition 3 
below , calculated on the relevant valuation date(s) linked to the Early Settlement Price. 
if the paragraph "Event-linked Early Expiration" of a Product of a Family of Products is specified as being "Not applicable" in 
Condition 3 below , this may nevertheless be modified to" Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms to the Product and, consequently, 
an Early Settlement Price shall be determined for this Product by applying (i) the Product Formula relating to the Early Settlement 
Price of any other Product of any other Family of Products described in Condition 3 below  or (ii) the Product Formula(e) relating to 
the Final Settlement Price of any other Product of any other Family of Product described in Condition 3 below , calculated on the 
relevant valuation date(s) linked to the Early Settlement Price. 
1.4.2 
Reserved 
1.4.3 
Add-on to Credit Linked or Bond Linked Products 
Any Product Formula defined in Condition 3 below  (relating to the Early Settlement Price and/or the Final Settlement Price) of a 
Product of the Family of Products other than "Credit or Bond Linked Products" may be superseded or supplemented by any other 
Product Formula (relating to the Early Settlement Price and/or the Final Settlement Price) of a Product of the Family of Product "Credit 
or Bond Linked Products". In such a case, all the provisions applicable to the Family of Product "Credit or Bond Linked Products" in 
case of occurrence of one or more Credit Event Determination Date(s) or Bond Event Determination Date(s) (as applicable) w ill apply 
to a Product Formula, notw ithstanding Condition 1.1.1.1 and 1.2.1(i) of the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
and Condition 1 of the Additional Terms and Conditions for Bond Linked Warrants, as applicable. 
In addition, w hen relevant: 
(a) 
The formula of the Early Settlement Price if one or more Credit Event Determination Date(s) occur(s) w ill be adjusted as per 
below : 
 
"Notional Amount" w ill be replaced by "Credit Event Payment Amount" in the formula of the Early Settlement Price; 
or 
 
the full formula of the “Early Settlement Price” w ill be replaced by "Credit Event Payment Amount".

--- Page 365 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
365 
 
(b) 
The formula of the Final Settlement Price if one or more Credit Event Determination Date(s) occur(s) w ill be adjusted as per 
below : 
 
"Notional Amount" w ill be replaced by "Credit Event Payment Amount" in the formula of the Final Settlement Price; 
or 
 
the full formula of the “Final Settlement Price” w ill be replaced by "Credit Event Payment Amount". 
1.4.4 
Reserved 
1.4.5 
Add-on relating to Global Factors 
Any Product Formula defined in Condition 3 below  and used to determine and calculate a Product Amount may be modified by the 
addition of a GlobalCap, GlobalFloor, GlobalAdditiveFactor and GlobalMultiplicativeFactor: 
Option 1: If a GlobalCap applies, then: 
Product Amount = Notional Amount x Min(GlobalCap ; ProductFormula), w ith GlobalCap being a Variable Data specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Option 2: If a GlobalFloor applies, then: 
Product Amount = Notional Amount x Max(GlobalFloor ; ProductFormula), w ith GlobalFloor being a Variable Data specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Option 3: If a GlobalAdditiveFactor applies, then: 
Product Amount = Notional Amount x (ProductFormula + GlobalAdditiveFactor), w ith GlobalAdditiveFactor being a Variable Data 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Option 4: If a GlobalMultiplicativeFactor applies, then: 
Product Amount = Notional Amount x ProductFormula x GlobalMultiplicativeFactor, w ith GlobalMultiplicativeFactor being a Variable 
Data specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
1.4.6 
Add-on relating to Foreign Exchange Rates 
Any Product Formula defined in Condition 3 below  and used to determine and calculate a Product Amount expressed in a currency 
other than the Settlement Currency may be modified as follow s in order to ensure that the Product Amount is denominated and paid 
in the Settlement Currency: 
Product Amount = Notional Amount x Product Formula [ x FXRate(t1) ] [ / FXRate(t2) ] 
In the case of Credit Linked Warrants or Bond Linked Warrants, w hen relevant: 
(a) 
the Aggregate Warrant Notional Amount, expressed in the Settlement Currency, may be converted into a currency other 
than the Settlement Currency (the Hedge Currency) at the beginning of the lifetime of the product. In such case, the follow ing 
precision w ill be given in the applicable Final Terms w ith respect to the Aggregate Warrant Notional Amount: 
Upon receipt of the proceeds settled and denominated in the Settlement Currency relating to the Aggregate Warrant Notional 
Amount, Societe Generale, w hen entering into hedging transactions in its role of Issuer of the Warrants or in its role of 
provider of hedging instruments to the Issuer of the Warrants, as the case may be, w ill convert such proceeds denominated 
in the Settlement Currency into the Hedge Currency, in accordance w ith FXRate(0), and w ill hedge the product by using the 
proceeds converted into the Hedge Currency.

--- Page 366 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
366 
 
(b) 
w hen the Aggregate Warrant Notional Amount has been converted into the Hedge Currency, the Notional Amount, the Cash 
Settlement Amount, or any amount used to determine an amount to be paid by the Issuer to the Warrantholders as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, each of such amount being thus deemed to be expressed in the Hedge Currency, may be 
converted into the Settlement Currency in order to ensure that the related Product Amount, or any other related amount to 
be paid by the Issuer to Warrantholders and not deemed to be a Product Amount, is denominated and paid in the Settlement 
Currency. In such case: 
 
FXRate(i) (i from 1 to T) shall be multiplied to the Product Formula of the related Product Amount or be taken into 
account in determining any other related amount to be paid by the Issuer to Warrantholders and not deemed to be 
a Product Amount; and 
 
the follow ing precision w ill be given in the applicable Final Terms w ith respect to the related Product Amount, or 
any other related amount to be paid by the Issuer to Warrantholders and not deemed to be a Product Amount: 
Pursuant to the initial conversion into the Hedge Currency of the proceeds settled and denominated in the Settlement Currency  
relating to the Aggregate Warrant Notional Amount, [the Notional Amount] [the Cash Settlement Amount] [any amount used to 
determine an amount to be paid by the Issuer to the Warrantholders as specif ied in the applicable Final Terms], and any other related 
amount, w ill be deemed to be denominated in the Hedge Currency. 
[The related Product Amount] [Any other related amount to be paid by the Issuer to Warrantholders and not deemed to be a Product 
Amount], and w hen relevant, any other amount relating to the reimbursement of capital to be received by the Warrantholders, w ill be 
payable in the Settlement Currency. 
Each FXRate(i) (i from 0 to T) mentioned above w ill be defined in accordance w ith Condition 4 herein. 
1.4.7 
Add-on relating to CapitalisationRate 
For some Products for w hich there is a significant period of time betw een the Last Valuation Date and the Settlement Date, the Product  
Formula can become: 
 
Product Amount = Notional Amount x Product Formula x CapitalisationRate 
With CapitalisationRate calculated on the relevant period of calculation. 
As an illustration, such CapitalisationRate can be Eonia Rate, … 
1.4.8 
Add-on relating to hedging fees applicable to a Product Formula 
For some Products for w hich specific hedging fees are applicable, the Product Formula can become: 
Product Amount = Notional Amount x Product Formula x Hedging Fees Factor 
And 
Hedging Fees Factor(i)
=  ∏[(1 −Factor_1(t −1) ×
ACT(t −1, t)
360
)
i
t=1
× (1 −(Factor_Fees(t −1)  + Factor_Gap(t −1) + Factor_Collat(t −1) + Factor_Quanto(t −1)) ×
ACT(t −1, t)
360
) 
× (1 + Factor_Rate(t −1) ×
ACT(t −1, t)
[360][365] ) ] 
Where: 
Factor_1(t) means [0] [Factor_1, w hich is an annual commission rate deducted from the value of the Product.] [a rate w hich is an 
annual commission rate deducted from the value of the Product. Factor_1(0) is equal to Factor_1 as of Valuation Date(0) and f or each

--- Page 367 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
367 
 
subsequent Valuation Date(t), the value of Factor_1(t) may be amended by the Calculation Agent provided that it shall not exceed 
Factor_1_Max.] 
Factor_Fees(t) means [0] [Factor_Fees, w hich is an annual commission rate deducted from the value of the Product.] [a rate w hich 
is an annual commission rate deducted from the value of the Product. Factor_Fees(t) w ill be equal to Factor_Fees as of Valuation 
Date(0) and for each subsequent Valuation Date(t), the value of Factor_Fees(t) may be amended by the Calculation Agent provided 
that it shall not exceed Factor_Fees_Max.] [the sum of the Factor_AdvisoryFees(t), the Factor_DistributionFees(t) and the 
Factor_StructuringFees(t).] 
Factor_AdvisoryFees(t) means [0] [Factor_AdvisoryFees, w hich is an annual commission rate deducted from the value of the 
Product paid to the Weighting Advisor.] [a rate w hich is an annual commission rate deducted from the value of the Product and paid 
to the Weighting Advisor. Factor_AdvisoryFees(t) w ill be equal to Factor_AdvisoryFees as of Valuation Date(0) and for each 
subsequent Valuation Date(t), the value of Factor_AdvisoryFees (t) may be amended by the Calculation Agent provided that it shall 
not exceed Factor_AdvisoryFees_Max.] 
Factor_DistributionFees(t) means [0] [Factor_DistributionFees, w hich is an annual commission rate deducted from the value of the 
Product paid to the Distributor.] [a rate w hich is an annual commission rate deducted from the value of the Product and paid to the 
Distributor. Factor_DistributionFees(t) w ill be equal to Factor_DistributionFees as of Valuation Date(0) and for each subsequent 
Valuation Date(t), the value of Factor_DistributionFees(t) may be amended by the Calculation Agent provided that it shall not exceed 
Factor_DistributionFees_Max.] 
Factor_StructuringFees(t) means [0] [Factor_StructuringFees, w hich is an annual commission rate deducted from the value of the 
Product paid to the Calculation Agent.] [a rate w hich is an annual commission rate deducted from the value of the Product and paid 
to the Calculation Agent. Factor_StructuringFees(t) w ill be equal to Factor_StructuringFees as of Valuation Date(0) and for each 
subsequent Valuation Date(t), the value of Factor_StructuringFees (t) may be amended by the Calculation Agent provided that it shall 
not exceed Factor_StructuringFees_Max.] 
Factor_Gap(t) means [0] [Factor_Gap_Initial 
as of Valuation Date(0). For each subsequent Valuation Date(t), the value of 
Factor_Gap(t) may be amended by the Calculation Agent in order to reflect], in respect of each Valuation Date(t), the annual gap 
premium rate as of such Valuation Date(t), as determined by the Calculation Agent] [as] [the cost that the Issuer (and/or its affiliates) 
w ould charge to replicate the performance of the Product, w hich includes, inter alia, the costs of hedging the risk of the market value 
of the Product becoming negative]. 
Factor_Collat(t) means [0][Factor_Collat_Initial as of Valuation Date(0). For each subsequent Valuation Date(t), the value of 
Factor_Collat(t) may be amended by the Calculation Agent in order to reflect] [, for each Valuation Date(t), an annual rate w hich shall 
be determined w ith respect to such Valuation Date(t) by the Calculation Agent as][the cost that w ould be incurred by the Issuer (and/or 
its affiliates) if it w ere to borrow  the Collateral Assets (through, for example, but w ithout limitation, a securities lending or repurchase 
agreement) for an amount equal to the market value of the Product as of such Valuation Date(t) (as determined by the Calculation 
Agent)] [multiplied by the Collateralisation Percentage]. 
Factor_Quanto(t) means [0] [Factor_Quanto_Initial as of Valuation Date(0). For each subsequent Valuation Date(t), the value of 
Factor_Quanto(t) may be amended by the Calculation Agent in order to reflect][, in respect of each Valuation Date(t), the annual 
quanto cost as of such Valuation Date(t), as determined by the Calculation Agent] [as] [the cost that the Issuer (and/or its affiliates) 
w ould charge to replicate the performance of the Product, w hich includes, inter alia, the costs of hedging the foreign exchange risk 
under the Product] 
Factor_Rate(t) means, in respect of Valuation Date(t), the fixing of Interest_Rate_Overnight, as ascertained by the Calculation Agent 
based on the Rate Source. 
Interest_Rate_Overnight means an interest rate specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Rate Source means a data source specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
1.4.9 
Add-on relating to Optional Settlement Amount(s) 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Optional Early Expiration at the option of the Issuer" is "Applicable":

--- Page 368 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
368 
 
 
The Product Formula(e) relating to the Optional Early Settlement Amount may be determined on the basis of one or more 
Product Formula(e) (i) relating to the Final Settlement Price of any other Product of any other Family of Product described 
in Condition 3 below  calculated on the valuation date linked to the relevant Optional Early Settlement Date and (ii) different 
from the Product Formula of the Final Settlement Price specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Optional Early Expiration at the option of the Warrantholder" is "Applicable": 
 
The Product Formula(e) relating to the Optional Early Settlement Amount may be determined on the basis of one or more 
Product Formula(e) (i) relating to the Final Settlement Price of any other Product of any other Family of Product described 
in Condition 3 below  calculated on the valuation date linked to the relevant Optional Early Settlement Date and (ii) different 
from the Product Formula of the Final Settlement Price specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
1.4.10 
Add-on relating to Variable Data 
Any Variable Data that may be used to determine and/or to calculate the Product Amount of a Product of any Family of Products 
defined in Condition 3 below , can be replaced by any Reference Formulae appearing in Conditions 4.1 to 4.29 or by any value yielded 
by one or several mathematical operations w hich may imply one or several Reference Formula(e) appearing in Conditions 4.0 to 4.29, 
and applied to the Underlying(s) of the Product on the relevant valuation date(s) linked to the Product Amount. 
 
Illustration: 
For the product 3.3.2 "Digital Payout Autocall", the paragraph “Variable Data” indicates “Payout_ESP” among other Variable Datas. 
If the Add-on relating to Variable Data is specified as Applicable, Payout_ESP can be replaced by any Reference Formulae appearing 
in Conditions 4.1 to 4.29. 
As an example, Payout_ESP(i) can be defined as ModifiedTarget(i, Target(i), Threshold(i-1), ReferenceFormula(i-1)). 
1.5 
Non applicability of the Notional Amount 
For a particular Issue of Warrants, the applicable Final Terms may specify the Notional Amount as being "Not applicable". In such 
cases, any reference to "Notional Amount" in the applicable Final Terms relating to such Issue of Warrants shall be omitted and 
removed from the description of the relevant Product Formula(e). 
2. 
SCHEDULE 
– GENERAL 
DEFINITIONS 
AND SPECIFIXC 
DEFINITION(S) 
– VARIABLE DATA – REFERE NC E 
FORMULA(E) 
2.1 
Schedule 
A Schedule designates either (A) a list of Valuation Date(s) or Relevant Valuation Date(s) or any other date(s), or (B) all Valuation 
Date(s) or Relevant Valuation Date(s) or any other date(s) comprised w ithin a defined period. 
For the avoidance of doubt, several Schedules may be used for the determination and calculation of a particular Product Amount. For 
ease of reading, Schedules may be renamed (e.g. "Period" may be renamed "Corridor Period", European Knock-In Period, American 
Knock-In Period,...). 
Furthermore, in respect of a Product Formula and a particular Schedule, also for ease of reading, "Valuation Date" or "Releva nt 
Valuation Date" may be renamed (for instance, for a Schedule made of daily Valuation Dates, "Valuation Date" may be renamed 
"Daily Valuation Date", for a Schedule w ith annual Valuation Dates, "Valuation Date" may be renamed "Annual Valuation Date", for 
another Schedule relating to a specific Underlying_A, "Valuation Date" may be renamed "Underlying_A Valuation Date").

--- Page 369 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
369 
 
2.2 
General Definitions and Specific Definition(s) 
2.2.1 
General Definitions: 
Definitions listed in Condition 5 below  are applicable to all the Families of Products and to each Product w ithin a Family of Products. 
2.2.2 
Specific Definition(s): 
Definitions used, as the case may be, to determine and calculate a Product Amount and/or the related Reference Formula. One or 
more specific definitions may be necessary (hereafter the Specific Definition(s)). The Specific Definitions are set out in the paragraph 
of Condition 3 below  corresponding to the relevant Reference of the Product and called "Specific Definitions" and replicated in the 
applicable Final Terms. When no Specific Definition is necessary to determine and calculate a Product Amount, the paragraph 
"Specific Definition(s)" shall mention: "No Specific Definition is necessary to determine and calculate a Product Amount". 
2.3 
Variable Data 
One or more variable data are necessary to determine and calculate a Product Amount of a Product (referred to as the Variable 
Data). The definition of the Variable Data that may be used for the Product Amount of a Product of any Family of Products is listed in 
Condition 5.4 below . 
The Variable Data listed in Condition 5.4 and that may be used in respect of one or more Products of a Family of Products is set out 
in the sub-paragraph titled "Variable Data" of the relevant Family of Product. 
The Variable Data listed in Condition 5.4 necessary to a specific Product are set out in the paragraph "Variable Data" of such Product. 
In the applicable Final Terms : 
 
Depending on their respective definition set out in Condition 5.4 below , each Variable Data can be an amount, a level, a 
percentage or the observed value of a Reference Formula applied to the Underlying(s) of the Product. 
 
A Variable Data may depend on a specific Schedule or dates as defined above in Condition 2.1. 
For example, for the Reference of the Product 3.1.1 "Base Product", the paragraph "Event-linked Early Expiration" refers to the 
Variable Data "BaseSettlementLevel_ESP(i)" w hich is the value of the BaseSettlementLevel_ESP on a specific Valuation Date (i) , 
date in respect of w hich an Early Expiration Event is deemed to have occurred, as determined by the Calculation Agent: 
Early Settlement Price(i) = Notional Amount × Product Formula(i) 
Product Formula(i) = BaseSettlementLevel_ESP(i) 
If, in respect of a Product Formula of a Product Amount of a specific Product, a Variable Data has a value of either 0 (zero) or 1 (one), 
or is not used or not useful or if a Variable Data is not applicable for the calculation of certain Product Amounts, then Product 
Formula(e) as specified in the applicable Final Terms may be simplified in the applicable Final Terms for the purpose of improving 
the reading and intelligibility of formula(e). 
For instance, if the Product Formula of a Product Amount of a particular Product is: 
BaseSettlementLevel + Min(Cap ; Participation x ReferenceFormula_Final), 
and the Variable Data "BaseSettlementLevel" is equal to 0, "Participation" is equal to 1, and "Cap" is not applicable, then the Product 
Formula of such Product Amount may be simplified in the applicable Final Terms as follow s: 
ReferenceFormula_Final 
Reference Formula(e), Variable Data, applicable options and any other term w hich are defined in brackets "[…]" are optional.

--- Page 370 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
370 
 
2.4 
Reference Formula(e) 
Reference Formula(e) are pre-defined basic formulae specified under Condition 4 below  (referred to as individually the Reference 
Formula and collectively Reference Formulae) which are used, as the case may be, as inputs in respect of an Option, a Product 
Formula and/or one or several Specific Definitions or Add-ons necessary to determine and calculate a Product Amount. 
For each Product described in Condition 3 below  appears a paragraph called "Reference Formula(e)". 
This paragraph indicates: 
(i) 
on one side, the context in w hich the Reference Formulae of the Product are used, by the suffix w hich follow s the expression 
"Reference Formula_" e.g. 
 
"ReferenceFormula_Final" w hich means that the Reference Formula of the Product is used to determine the Final 
Settlement Price of the Product. In that case, the Product Formula, the Option and/or one or several Specific Definitions or 
Add-ons w hich are necessary to the determination of the Final Settlement Price w ill use "Reference Formula_Final". 
For example, for the Reference of the Product “3.1.3 Sandard Forw ard”, the paragraph "Reference Formula(e)" indicates "Reference 
Formula_ Final" w hich means that a Reference Formula is used to determine the Final Settlement Price and the paragraph "Final 
Settlement Price" indicates: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
Product 
Formula(T) 
= 
Max(Floor_FSP 
; 
Min(Cap_FSP 
; 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP 
+ 
FinalParticipation 
x 
(ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike))) 
 
"ReferenceFormula_ESP" means that the Reference Formula of the Product is used to determine the Early Settlement 
Price of the Product, if any. 
For example, for the product 3.1.2 "European Forw ard", the paragraph “Reference Formula(e)" indicates "ReferenceFormula_ ESP" 
means that a Reference Formula is used to determine the Early Settlement Price and the paragraph " Event-linked Early Expiration " 
indicates: 
Early Settlement Price(i) = Notional Amount × Product Formula(i) 
Product Formula(i) = BaseSettlementLevel_ESP(i) + Payout_ESP(i) + Participation x ReferenceFormula_ESP(i) 
(ii) 
on the other side, the name of the applicable Reference Formula(e) and/or the most likely to be applicable to the Product. 
The paragraph "Reference Formula(e)" w ill also indicate the Families of Products to w hich the applicable or the most likely 
to be applicable Reference Formula(e) belong to. For example, if the paragraph "Reference Formula(e)" indicates 
"AverageTimeLevel (as efined under Condition 4.9 below  of the Family of "TimeLevel")", it means that the Reference Formula 
"AverageTimeLevel", belonging to the "TimeLevel" Family as defined in Condition 4.9 below , is applicable or is the most 
likely to be applicable to the Product. 
A Reference Formula w ill be used to determine either Reference Price(s), Reference Performance(s), Reference Level(s) or 
Reference Fixing(s). 
For the avoidance of doubt, w hen Reference Formula(e) is/are not relevant for a Product, it shall not appear in the applicable Final 
Terms of the Product. 
Any Reference Formula indicated in Condition 4 below  may also, in respect of a Product Formula, be defined as a "Sum of 
ReferenceFormula", a "Difference of ReferenceFormula" or "ReferenceFormula – 100%" or "100%,- ReferenceFormula" or be 
expressed as a negative component and be preceded by the sign"-". 
Where:

--- Page 371 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
371 
 
 
A: "Sum of ReferenceFormula" means that tw o or more Reference Formulae have been added together in order to determine 
a new  Reference Formula for the purpose of determining a Product Amount. 
 
B: "Difference ReferenceFormula" means that a Reference Formula have been subtracted from another Reference Formula 
in order to determine a new  Reference Formula for the purpose of determining a Product Amount. 
 
C: "ReferenceFormula – 100%" means that 100% has been subtracted from a Reference Formula in order to determine a 
new  Reference Formula for the purpose of determining a Product Amount. 
 
D: "100% – ReferenceFormula" means that a ReferenceFormula has been subtracted from 100% in order to determine the 
Reference Formula(e) for the purpose of determining a Product Amount. 
Provided that options A to D above may be combined: for example a new  Reference Formula may be created as a Sum of 
ReferenceFormula as per option A, and then subtracted from 100% as per option D. 
Any Reference Formula defined in a currency other than the Settlement Currency may be converted into the Settlement Currency 
based on the applicable Foreign Exchange Rate betw een the currency of the Product Formula and the Settlement Currency. 
Reference Formula(e), Variable Data, applicable options and any other term w hich are defined in brackets "[…]" are optional. 
3. 
FAMILIES OF PRODUCTS 
Set out below  the list of Families of Products and the description of each of the Families: 
 
Reference  
Family 
Description of the Family 
3.1 
Certificate 
This family includes Products w hich provide exposure to the 
positive or negative performance of an Underlying or a Basket 
or one or several Underlying(s) w ithin a Basket.  
3.2 
Vanilla Products 
This family includes Products w hich provide exposure to the 
positive or negative performance of an Underlying or a Basket 
or one or several Underlying(s) w ithin a Basket, w here the 
Product Amount(s) are determined based on either (a) an 
amount w hich depends on the performance or level of the 
Underlying or Basket or one or several Underlying(s) w ithin a 
Basket (Calls and Puts) or (b) a pre-defined fixed amount 
(Digital Calls/Puts) or variable amount (Range Accrual). 
Performance or level of the Underlying or Basket or one or 
several Underlying(s) w ithin a Basket can be w eighted, 
leveraged, averaged, locked, floored and/or capped. 
3.3 
Barrier Products 
This family includes Products w hich provide exposure to the 
positive or negative performance of an Underlying or a Basket 
of one or several Underlying(s) w ithin a Basket, w here the 
Product Amount(s) are determined based on one or several 
conditions (categorised in several scenarios). Typically, a 
condition is satisfied [or not] if the performance or level of an 
Underlying or Basket of one or several Underlying(s) w ithin a 
Basket is higher than or equal to [or low er] a pre-defined 
barrier performance or level. Performance or level of the 
Underlying or Basket or one or several Underlying(s) w ithin a 
Basket can be w eighted, leveraged, averaged, locked, floored 
and/or capped.

--- Page 372 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
372 
 
Reference  
Family 
Description of the Family 
3.4 
Reserved  
 
3.5 
Accumulator and Cliquet Products  
This family includes Products w hich provide exposure to the 
performance of an Underlying or a Basket or one or several 
Underlying(s) w ithin a Basket, w here the Product Amount(s) 
are determined based on an accumulation (either additive or 
multiplicative) of performances of the Underlying or Basket or 
one or several Underlying(s) w ithin a Basket over several 
consecutive periods (performances being usually restriked at 
the beginning of each period). Performances of the Underlying 
or Basket or one or several Underlying(s) w ithin a Basket can 
be w eighted, leveraged, averaged, locked, floored and/or 
capped. 
3.6 
Multi-underlying Products 
This family includes Products w hich provide exposure to the 
positive or negative performance of several Underlyings 
comprising the Basket, w here the Product Amount(s) are 
determined based on the individual performance or level of 
each Underlying, provided that this individual performance or 
level can be w eighted, leveraged, averaged, locked, floored 
and/or capped. Composition of the Basket can be altered over 
time depending on the individual performance or level of the 
Underlyings. Performances of the Underlyings or Basket or 
one or several Underlying(s) w ithin a Basket can be w eighted, 
leveraged, averaged, locked, floored and/or capped. 
3.7 
Volatility Products 
This family includes Products w hich provide exposure to the 
positive or negative performance of the historical variance or 
historical volatility of an Underlying or a Basket or one or 
several Underlying(s) w ithin a Basket. Variance and volatility 
are measures of the dispersion of Underlying(s) returns. The 
Product Amount(s) are determined based on (a) performance 
or level of the Underlying or Basket or one or several 
Underlying(s) w ithin a Basket and / or (b) historical variance 
or historical volatility of the Underlying or Basket and / or (c) 
additional parameters (if relevant). Performance or level or 
historical variance or historical volatility of the Underlying or 
Basket can be w eighted, leveraged, averaged, locked, floored 
and/or capped. 
3.8 
Reserved 
 
3.9 
Rate Products 
This family includes Products commonly used to provide 
exposure to Reference Rate or Inflation Index, provided that 
other Family of Products may be indexed to Reference Rate 
or Inflation Index.  
3.10 
Credit or Bond Linked Products 
 
This family includes Products w hich provide exposure to the 
credit risk of a Reference Entity or a Bond and the financial 
indebtedness of any such Reference Entity , w here the 
Product Amounts are determined according to the occurrence 
of Credit Event(s) or Bond Event(s) and in the case of the

--- Page 373 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
373 
 
Reference  
Family 
Description of the Family 
occurrence of Credit Event(s), according to the Credit Event 
Payment Amount or the Credit Linked Physical Delivery 
Amount (w ith, if any, the Credit Event Payment Amount per 
Undeliverable Obligations), as applicable, as defined in the 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants, 
or of Bond Event(s), according to the Bond Event Amount as 
defined in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Bond 
Linked Warrants. 
In addition, the Autocall Credit Linked Products provide 
exposure to the positive or negative performance of a CDS 
Spread, w here the Product Amount(s) are determined based 
on one or several conditions, one of w hich being typically 
satisfied if the level of the CDS Spread is higher (or low er) 
than or equal to a pre-defined barrier. 
3.11 
Combined Vanilla Products 
This family includes Products w hich provide exposure to the 
positive or negative performance of an Underlying or a Basket 
or one or several Underlying(s) w ithin a Basket, w here the 
Product Amount(s) are determined as a floored, capped or 
leveraged 
w eighted 
combination, 
either 
additive 
or 
multiplicative, of vanilla calls, puts, digits, fixed amounts, and 
combinations, either additive or multiplicative, of calls, digits 
and fixed amounts. 
3.1 
Family of Products "CERTIFICATE" 
Set out below  the list of Products of the Family of Products "Certificate", the Reference of the Product of w hich is mentioned in the 
table below  and w ill be indicated in the applicable Final Terms in the clause "Reference of the Product". 
 
Reference of the Product 
Product 
3.1.1 
Base Product 
3.1.2 
European Forward 
3.1.3 
Sandard Forward 
3.1.4 
Certificate with Performance Fee 
Description of how the value of the relevant Warrant can be affected by the value of the Underlying(s) 
The Family "Certificate" comprises Products w hich provide exposure to the positive or negative performance of an Underlying or  a 
Basket or one or several Underlying(s) w ithin a Basket. 
3.1.1 
Base Product 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.1.1, the follow ing applies: 
3.1.1.1 Product Description: 
 
This Product may be subject to Event-linked Early Expiration:

--- Page 374 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
374 
 
 
If an Early Expiration Event is deemed to have occurred, the Product Formula used to determine the Early 
Settlement Price equals a predetermined value increased as the case may be by the value of the ReferenceFormula 
considered, w hich may be subject to a leverage factor. 
 
Unless previously exercised or cancelled, the Final Settlement Price is equal to a predetermined value increased as the case 
may be by the value of ReferenceFormula_Final and applied to the Underlying(s) of the Product, w hich may be subject to a 
leverage factor. 
3.1.1.2 Event-linked Early Expiration: Applicable 
Early Settlement Price(i) = Notional Amount × Product Formula(i) 
Product Formula(i) = BaseSettlementLevel_ESP(i) + Payout_ESP(i) + Participation x ReferenceFormula_ESP(i) 
3.1.1.3 Final Settlement Price: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP(T) + FinalParticipation x ReferenceFormula_Final(T) 
3.1.1.4 Specific Definition(s): 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more definitions mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 above. 
3.1.1.5 Variable Data: 
BaseSettlementLevel_ESP; BaseSettlementLevel_FSP; FinalParticipation; Participation; Payout_ESP; AutocallBarrier  
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
3.1.1.6 Reference Formula(e): 
ReferenceFormula_ESP; ReferenceFormula_Final 
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4 below , the ones mainly used for these Products are (but w ithout limitation):  
Level (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of "SimpleLevel") 
BasketLevel (as defined under Condition 4.3 of the Family of "BasketLevel") 
3.1.2 
European Forward 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.1.2, the follow ing applies: 
3.1.2.1 Product Description: 
 
This Product may be subject to Event-linked Early Expiration. 
 
If an Early Expiration Event is deemed to have occurred, the Product Formula used to determine the Early 
Settlement Price equals a predetermined value increased as the case may be by the value of the ReferenceFormula 
considered, w hich may be subject to a leverage factor. 
 
Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final Settlement 
Price in respect of this Product is equal to the value of the Reference Formula considered minus a strike level, w hich may 
be subject to a floor and / or a cap and / or w ith a leverage factor. 
3.1.2.2 Event-linked Early Expiration: Applicable

--- Page 375 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
375 
 
Early Settlement Price(i) = Notional Amount × Product Formula(i) 
Product Formula(i) = BaseSettlementLevel_ESP(i) + Payout_ESP(i) + Participation x ReferenceFormula_ESP 
3.1.2.3 Final Settlement Price: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
Product 
Formula(T) 
= 
Max(Floor_FSP 
; 
Min(Cap_FSP 
; 
(BaseSettlementLevel_FSP 
+ 
FinalParticipation 
x 
(ReferenceFormula_Final(RV D(T)) – FinalStrike)))) 
3.1.2.4 Specific Definition(s): 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more definitions mentioned in Condition 1.2.2. 
3.1.2.5 Variable Data: 
Payout_ESP; BaseSettlement_ESP; BaseSettlementLevel_FSP; FinalParticipation; Floor_FSP;Cap_FSP; FinalStrike; Participation 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
3.1.2.6 Reference Formula(e): 
ReferenceFormula_ESP; ReferenceFormula_Final 
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4 below , the ones mainly used for these Products are (but w ithout limitation):  
Level (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of "SimpleLevel") 
BestLevel (as defined under Condition 4.5 of the Family of "BestLevel") 
WorstLevel (as defined under Condition 4.6 of the Family of "WorstLevel") 
AverageTimeLevel, MaxTimeLevel or MinTimeLevel (as defined under Condition 4.9 of the Family of "TimeLevel") 
3.1.3 
Sandard Forward 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.1.3, the follow ing disposition applies: 
3.1.3.1 Product Description 
 
There is no Event-linked Early Expiration for this Product 
 
Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final Settlement 
Price is equal to a predetermined value increased as the case may be by the value of the Reference Formula_Final applied 
to the Underlying(s) w hich may be subject to a floor and/or a cap and/or w ith a leverage factor 
3.1.3.2 Event-linked Early Expiration: Not applicable 
3.1.3.3 Final Settlement Price: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
ProductFormula(T) 
= 
Max(Floor_FSP 
; 
Min(Cap_FSP 
; 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP 
+ 
FinalParticipation 
x 
(ReferenceFormula_Final(RV D(T)) – FinalStrike))) 
3.1.3.4 Specific Definitions:

--- Page 376 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
376 
 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more definitions mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 above. 
3.1.3.5 Variable Data: 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP; FinalParticipation; Floor_FSP; Cap_FSP; FinalStrike 
These variable data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein 
3.1.3.6 Reference Formula(e): 
ReferenceFormula_Final 
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4, the ones mainly used for these Products are (but w ithout limitation): 
Level (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of “SimpleLevel”) 
BestLevel (as defined under Condition 4.5 of the Family of “BestLevel”) 
WorstLevel (as defined under Condition 4.6 of the Family of “WorstLevel”) 
AverageTimeLevel, MaxTimeLevel or MinTimeLevel (as defined under Condition 4.9 of the Family of “TimeLevel”) 
3.1.4 
Certificate with Performance Fee 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.1.4, the follow ing applies: 
3.1.4.1 Product Description: 
 
There is no Event-linked Early Expiration for this Product 
 
Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final Settlement 
Price is equal to a predetermined value increased as the case may be by the value of the Certificate Level calculated 
depending on the option selected among 4 possible, applied to the Underlying(s) of the Product net of hedging fees and 
performance fees, and w hich may be subject to a leverage factor 
3.1.4.2 Event-linked Early Expiration: Not Applicable 
3.1.4.3 Final Settlement Price: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP + Participation x CertificateLevel(RVD(T)) 
3.1.4.4 Specific Definition(s): 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more definitions mentioned below  if relevant : 
CertificateLevel(t) = CL(t) / Strike 
Option A : Performance Fee Highwatermark 
CL(t) means, in respect of any Valuation Date(t), the value of the product net of hedging fees and performance fees 
determined by the Calculation Agent as follow s: 
CL(t) = Max[0% ; (CL(t-1) + Perf Fee(t-1)) × [S(t) / S(t-1) × Hedging Fee Factor(t) / Hedging Fee Factor(t-1)] – Perf Fee(t-1) 
– Perf Fee(t)]

--- Page 377 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
377 
 
Where : 
CL(0) = ConstantCertificateLevel_0 
Perf Fee(t) means, in respect of any Valuation Date(t), the performance fees to be paid to the Weighting Advisor and 
determined by the Calculation Agent as follow s: 
Perf Fee(t) = Max[0% ; PF × ((CL(t-1) + Perf Fee(t-1)) × [S(t) / S(t-1) × Hedging Fee Factor(t) / Hedging Fee Factor(t-1)] – 
Perf Fee(t-1) – BL(t))] 
Where : 
Perf Fee(0) = 0 (zero) 
BL(t) means the Maximum, for i from tr to t-1, of CL(i) 
Option B : Performance Fee with Fixed Rate Benchmark 
CL(t) means, in respect of any Valuation Date(t), the value of the product net of hedging fees and performance fees 
determined by the Calculation Agent as follow s: 
CL(t) = Max[0% ; (CL(t-1) + Perf Fee(t-1)) × [S(t) / S(t-1) × Hedging Fee Factor(t) / Hedging Fee Factor(t-1)] – Perf Fee(t-1) 
– Perf Fee(t)] 
Where : 
CL(0) = ConstantCertificateLevel_0 
Perf Fee(t) means, in respect of any Valuation Date(t), the performance fees to be paid to the Weighting Advisor and 
determined by the Calculation Agent as follow s: 
Perf Fee(t) = Max[0% ; PF × ((CL(t-1) + Perf Fee(t-1)) × [S(t) / S(t-1) × Hedging Fee Factor(t) / Hedging Fee Factor(t-1)] – 
Perf Fee(t-1) – BL(t))] 
Where : 
Perf Fee(0) = 0 (zero) 
BL(t) means the Maximum, for i from tr to t-1, of CL(i) x [1 + FixedRate x Act(i,t) / 360] 
Option C : Performance Fee with Reference Rate Benchmark 
CL(t) means, in respect of any Valuation Date(t), the value of the product net of hedging fees and performance fees 
determined by the Calculation Agent as follow s: 
CL(t) = Max[0% ; (CL(t-1) + Perf Fee(t-1)) × [S(t, k1) / S(t-1, k1) × Hedging Fee Factor(t) / Hedging Fee Factor(t-1)] – Perf  
Fee(t-1) – Perf Fee(t)] 
Where : 
CL(0) = ConstantCertificateLevel_0 
Perf Fee(t) means, in respect of any Valuation Date(t), the performance fees to be paid to the Weighting Advisor and 
determined by the Calculation Agent as follow s: 
Perf Fee(t) = Max[0% ; PF × ((CL(t-1) + Perf Fee(t-1)) × [S(t, k1) / S(t-1, k1) × Hedging Fee Factor(t) / Hedging Fee 
Factor(t-1)] – Perf Fee(t-1) – BL(t, k2))]

--- Page 378 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
378 
 
Where : 
Perf Fee(0) = 0 (zero) 
BL(t, k2) means the Maximum, for i from tr to t-1, of CL(i) x Product for j from i to t-1 of [1 + Fixing(i, k2) x Act(j, j+1) / 
TimeBasis] 
Option D : Performance Fee with Index Benchmark 
CL(t) means, in respect of any Valuation Date(t), the value of the product net of hedging fees and performance fees 
determined by the Calculation Agent as follow s : 
CL(t) = Max[0% ; (CL(t-1) + Perf Fee(t-1)) × [S(t, k1) / S(t-1, k1) × Hedging Fee Factor(t) / Hedging Fee Factor(t-1)] – Perf  
Fee(t-1) – Perf Fee(t)] 
Where : 
CL(0) = ConstantCertificateLevel_0 
Perf Fee(t) means, in respect of any Valuation Date(t), the performance fees to be paid to the Weighting Advisor and 
determined by the Calculation Agent as follow s: 
Perf Fee(t) = Max[0% ; PF × ((CL(t-1) + Perf Fee(t-1)) × [S(t, k1) / S(t-1, k1) × Hedging Fee Factor(t) / Hedging Fee 
Factor(t-1)] – Perf Fee(t-1) – BL(t, k2))] 
Where : 
Perf Fee(0) = 0 (zero) 
BL(t, k2) means the Maximum, for i from tr to t, of CL(tr) x S(i, k2) / S(tr, k2) 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate as w ell, as the case may be, one or more definitions defined below  if relevant: 
Hedging Fee Factor(t) means Product for i from 1 to t of (1 – (Factor_Fees(i-1)) x (Act(i-1;i) / 360)) 
[Where Hedging Fee Factor(0) = 1] 
Factor_Fees(t) means [0] [Factor_Fees, w hich is an annual commission rate deducted from the value of the Product.] [the 
sum of the Factor_AdvisoryFees(t), the Factor_DistributionFees(t) and the Factor_StructuringFees(t).] 
Factor_AdvisoryFees(t) means [0] [Factor_AdvisoryFees, w hich is an annual commission rate deducted from the value of 
the Product paid to the Weighting Advisor.] 
Factor_DistributionFees(t) means [0] [Factor_DistributionFees, w hich is an annual commission rate deducted from the 
value of the Product paid to the Distributor.] 
Factor_StructuringFees(t) means [0] [Factor_StructuringFees, w hich is an annual commission rate deducted from the 
value of the Product paid to the Calculation Agent.] 
 
3.1.4.5 Variable Data: 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP; 
Participation; ConstantCertificateLevel; PF; Strike; FixedRate; Factor_Fees; Factor_AdvisoryFees; 
Factor_DistributionFees; Factor_StructuringFees. 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein.

--- Page 379 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
379 
 
3.1.4.6 Reference Formula(e): 
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4 the ones mainly used for these Products are (but w ithout limitation): 
S (as defined under Condition 4.0 of the Definition of S, SI and FXRate) 
Fixing (as defined under Condition 4.25 of the Family of "Reference Fixings"). 
3.2 
Family of Products "VANILLA" 
Set out below  the list of Products of the Family of Products "Vanilla", the Reference of the Product of w hich is mentioned in the table 
below  w ill be indicated in the applicable Final Terms in the clause "Reference of the Product". 
 
Reference of the Product 
Product 
3.2.1 
European Call 
3.2.2 
European Put 
3.2.3 
Digital Call 
3.2.4 
Digital Put 
3.2.5 
Call Standard 
3.2.6 
Put Standard 
Description of how the value of the relevant Warrants can be affected by the value of the Underlying(s) 
The Family "Vanilla" comprises Products w hich provide exposure to the positive or negative performance of an Underlying or a Basket 
or one or several Underlying(s) w ithin a Basket, w here the Product Amount(s) are determined based on either (a) an amount w hich 
depends on the performance or level of the Underlying or Basket or one or several Underlying(s) w ithin a Basket (European Calls and 
Puts) or (b) a pre-defined fixed amount (Digital Calls/Puts). Performance or level of the Underlying or Basket or one or several 
Underlying(s) w ithin a Basket can be w eighted, leveraged, averaged, locked, floored and/or capped. 
3.2.1 
European Call 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.2.1, the follow ing applies: 
3.2.1.1 Product Description: 
 
This Product may be subject to Event-linked Early Expiration. 
 
If an Early Expiration Event is deemed to have occurred, the Product Formula used to determine the Early 
Settlement Price equals a predetermined value. 
 
Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final Settlement 
Price in respect of this Product depends on the realisation of one among tw o possible scenarios: 
 
 If the value of ReferenceFormula_Final is higher than [or equal to] a Strike, the Product Formula equals a 
predetermined value increased, as the case may be, by the value of ReferenceFormula_Final minus a strike level, 
w hich may be subject to a floor and / or a cap and / or w ith a leverage factor. 
 
If the value of the ReferenceFormula considered is low er than or [equal to] a Strike, the Product Formula equals a 
predetermined value.

--- Page 380 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
380 
 
3.2.1.2 Event-linked Early Expiration: Applicable 
Early Settlement Price(i) = Notional Amount × Product Formula(i) 
Product Formula(i) = BaseSettlement_ESP(i) + Payout_ESP(i) 
3.2.1.3 Final Settlement Price: 
Scenario 1: 
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RVD(T)) is higher than [or equal to] FinalStrike_1, then: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
Product 
Formula(T) 
= 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_1 
+ 
Max(Floor_FSP 
; 
Min(Cap_FSP 
; 
FinalParticipation 
x 
(ReferenceFormula_Final_2(RV D(T)) – FinalStrike_2))) 
Scenario 2: 
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RVD(T)) is low er than [or equal to] FinalStrike_1, then: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_2 
3.2.1.4 Specific Definition(s): 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more definitions mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 above. 
3.2.1.5 Variable Data: 
Participation_1; 
Participation_2; 
BaseSettlement_ESP; 
Payout_ESP 
; FinalStrike_1; 
FinalStrike_2; 
Cap_FSP; 
Floor_FSP; 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_1; BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_2; FinalParticipation 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
3.2.1.6 Reference Formula(e): 
ReferenceFormula_Final_1; ReferenceFormula_Final_2 
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4 below , the ones mainly used for these Products are (but w ithout limitation):  
Level (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of “SimpleLevel”) 
BestLevel (as defined under Condition 4.5 of the Family of “BestLevel”) 
WorstLevel (as defined under Condition 4.6 of the Family of “WorstLevel”) 
AverageTimeLevel, MaxTimeLevel or MinTimeLevel (as defined under Condition 4.9 of the Family of “TimeLevel”) 
3.2.2 
European Put 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.2.2, the follow ing applies: 
3.2.2.1 Product Description: 
 
This Product may be subject to an Event-linked Early Expiration.

--- Page 381 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
381 
 
 
If an Early Expiration Event is deemed to have occurred, the Product Formula used to determine the Early 
Settlement Price equals a predetermined value. 
 
Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final Settlement 
Price in respect of this Product depends on the realisation of one among tw o possible scenarios: 
 
If the value of ReferenceFormula_Final is low er than [or equal to] a Strike, the Product Formula equals a 
predetermined value increased, as the case may be, by a strike level minus the value of ReferenceFormula_Final, 
w hich may be subject to a floor and / or a cap and / or w ith a leverage factor 
 
If the value of ReferenceFormula_Final is higher than [or equal to] a Strike, the Product Formula equals a 
predetermined value. 
3.2.2.2 Event-linked Early Expiration: Applicable 
Early Settlement Price(i) = Notional Amount × Product Formula(i) 
Product Formula(i) = BaseSettlement_ESP(i) + Payout_ESP(i) 
3.2.2.3 Final Settlement Price: 
Scenario 1: 
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RVD(T)) is low er than [or equal to] FinalStrike_1, then: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_1 + Max(Floor_FSP 
; Min(Cap_FSP 
; FinalParticipation x (FinalStrike–2 – 
ReferenceFormula_Final_2(RV D(T))))) 
Scenario 2: 
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RVD(T)) is higher than [or equal to] FinalStrike_1, then: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_2 
3.2.2.4 Specific Definition(s): 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more definitions mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 above. 
3.2.2.5 Variable Data: 
Participation_1; 
Participation_2; 
Payout_ESP 
; 
FinalStrike_1; 
FinalStrike_2; 
BaseSettlementLevel_FS P_1 ; 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_2; BaseSettlement_ESP; FinalParticipation; Cap_FSP; Floor_FSP 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
3.2.2.6 Reference Formula(e): 
ReferenceFormula_Final_1; ReferenceFormula_Final_2 
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4 below , the ones mainly used for these Products are (but w ithout limitation):  
Level (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of "SimpleLevel")

--- Page 382 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
382 
 
BestLevel (as defined under Condition 4.5 of the Family of "BestLevel") 
WorstLevel (as defined under Condition 4.6 of the Family of "WorstLevel") 
AverageTimeLevel, MaxTimeLevel or MinTimeLevel (as defined under Condition 4.9 of the Family of "TimeLevel") 
3.2.3 
Digital Call 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.2.3, the follow ing applies: 
3.2.3.1 Product Description: 
 
This Product may be subject to Event-linked Early Expiration. 
 
If an Early Expiration Event is deemed to have occurred, the Product Formula used to determine the Early 
Settlement Price equals a predetermined value. 
 
Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final Settlement 
Price in respect of this Product depends on the realisation of one among tw o possible scenarios: 
 
If the value of ReferenceFormula_Final is higher than [or equal to] a FinalBarrier, the Product Formula equals a 
predetermined value increased, as the case may be, by another predetermined value. 
 
If the value of ReferenceFormula_Final is low er than [or equal to] a FinalBarrier, the Product Formula equals a 
predetermined value. 
3.2.3.2 Event-linked Early Expiration: 
Applicable 
Early Settlement Price(i) = Notional Amount × Product Formula(i) 
Product Formula(i) = BaseSettlement_ESP(i) + Payout_ESP(i) 
3.2.3.3 Final Settlement Price: 
Scenario 1: 
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final(RV D(T)) is higher than [or equal to] FinalBarrier, then: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_1 + Payout_FSP 
Scenario 2: 
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final(RV D(T)) is low er than [or equal to] FinalBarrier, then: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_2 
3.2.3.4 Specific Definition(s): 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more definitions mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 above. 
3.2.3.5 Variable Data:

--- Page 383 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
383 
 
BaseSettlement_ESP; Payout_ESP; FinalBarrier; BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_1; BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_2; Payout_FSP 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
3.2.3.6 Reference Formula(e): 
ReferenceFormula_Barrier; ReferenceFormula_Final 
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4 below , the ones mainly used for these Products are (but w ithout limitation):  
Level (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of "SimpleLevel") 
BestLevel (as defined under Condition 4.5 of the Family of "BestLevel") 
WorstLevel (as defined under Condition 4.6 of the Family of "WorstLevel") 
AverageTimeLevel, MaxTimeLevel or MinTimeLevel (as defined under Condition 4.9 of the Family of "TimeLevel") 
3.2.4 
Digital Put 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.2.4, the follow ing applies: 
3.2.4.1 Product Description: 
 
This Product may be subject to Event-linked Early Expiration 
 
If an Early Expiration Event is deemed to have occurred, the Product Formula used to determine the Early 
Settlement Price equals a predetermined value. 
 
Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final Settlement 
Price in respect of this Product depends on the realisation of one among tw o possible scenarios: 
 
If the value of ReferenceFormula_Final is low er than [or equal to] a FinalBarrier, the Product Formula equals a 
predetermined value increased, as the case may be, by another predetermined value. 
 
If the value of ReferenceFormula_Final is higher than [or equal to] a FinalBarrier, the Product Formula equals a 
predetermined value. 
3.2.4.2 Event-linked Early Expiration: Applicable 
Early Settlement Price(i) = Notional Amount × Product Formula(i) 
Product Formula(i) = BaseSettlement_ESP(i) + Payout_ESP(i) 
3.2.4.3 Final Settlement Price: 
Scenario 1: 
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final(RV D(T)) is low er than [or equal to] FinalBarrier, then: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_1 + Payout_FSP 
Scenario 2: 
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final(RV D(T)) is higher than [or equal to] FinalBarrier, then:

--- Page 384 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
384 
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_2 
3.2.4.4 Specific Definition(s): 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more definitions mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 above. 
3.2.4.5 Variable Data: 
Payout_ESP; BaseSettlement_ESP; FinalBarrier; BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_1; BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_2; Payout_FSP 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
3.2.4.6 Reference Formula(e): 
ReferenceFormula_Final 
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4 below , the ones mainly used for these Products are (but w ithout limitation):  
Level (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of "SimpleLevel") 
BestLevel (as defined under Condition 4.5 of the Family of "BestLevel") 
WorstLevel (as defined under Condition 4.6 of the Family of "WorstLevel") 
AverageTimeLevel, MaxTimeLevel or MinTimeLevel (as defined under Condition 4.9 of the Family of "TimeLevel") 
3.2.5 
Call Standard 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.2.5, the follow ing applies: 
3.2.5.1 Product Description: 
 
There is no Event-linked Early Expiration under this Product. 
 
Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final Settlement 
Price in respect of this Product depends on the realisation of one among tw o possible scenarios: 
 
If the value of the ReferenceFormula considered is higher than [or equal to] a Strike, the Final Settlement Price 
equals a predetermined value increased as the case may be by the value of the ReferenceFormula considered , 
w hich may be subject to a floor and / or a cap and / or w ith a leverage factor. 
 
If the value of the ReferenceFormula considered is low er than or [equal to] a Strike, the Final Settlement Price 
equals a predetermined value. 
3.2.5.2 Event-linked Early Expiration: Not applicable 
3.2.5.3 Final Settlement Price: 
Scenario 1: 
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RVD(T)) is higher than [or equal to] FinalStrike_1, then: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T)

--- Page 385 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
385 
 
Product 
Formula(T) 
= 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_1 
+ 
Max(Floor_FSP 
; 
Min(Cap_FSP 
; 
FinalParticipation 
x 
(ReferenceFormula_Final_2(RV D(T)) – FinalStrike_2))) 
Scenario 2: 
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RVD(T)) is low er than [or equal to] FinalStrike_1, then: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_2 
3.2.5.4 Specific Definition(s): 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more definitions mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 above. 
3.2.5.5 Variable Data: 
FinalStrike_1; FinalStrike_2; Cap_FSP; Floor_FSP; BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_1; BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_2; FinalParticipation 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
3.2.5.6 Reference Formula(e): 
ReferenceFormula_Final_1; ReferenceFormula_Final_2 
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4, the ones mainly used for these Products are (but w ithout limitation): 
Level (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of "SimpleLevel") 
BestLevel (as defined under Condition 4.5 of the Family of "BestLevel") 
WorstLevel (as defined under Condition 4.6 of the Family of "WorstLevel") 
AverageTimeLevel, MaxTimeLevel or MinTimeLevel (as defined under Condition 4.9 of the Family of "TimeLevel") 
3.2.6 
Put Standard 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.2.6, the follow ing applies: 
3.2.6.1 Product Description: 
 
There is no Event-linked Early Expiration under this Product. 
 
Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final Settlement 
Price in respect of this Product depends on the realisation of one among tw o possible scenarios: 
 
If the value of the ReferenceFormula considered is low er than [or equal to] a Strike, the Final Settlement Price 
equals a predetermined value increased as the case may be by the value of the ReferenceFormula considered, 
w hich may be subject to a floor and / or a cap and / or w ith a leverage factor. 
 
If the value of the ReferenceFormula considered is higher than [or equal to] a Strike, the Final Settlement Price 
equals a predetermined value. 
3.2.6.2 Event-linked Early Expiration: Not applicable 
3.2.6.3 Final Settlement Price:

--- Page 386 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
386 
 
Scenario 1: 
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RVD(T)) is low er than [or equal to] FinalStrike_1, then: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_1 + Max(Floor_FSP 
; Min(Cap_FSP 
; FinalParticipation x (FinalStrike_2 – 
ReferenceFormula_Final_2(RV D(T))))) 
Scenario 2: 
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RVD(T)) is higher than [or equal to] FinalStrike_1, then: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_2 
3.2.6.4 Specific Definition(s): 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more definitions mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 above. 
3.2.6.5 Variable Data: 
FinalStrike_1; FinalStrike_2; BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_1; BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_2; FinalParticipation; Cap_FSP; Floor_FSP 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
3.2.6.6 Reference Formula(e): 
ReferenceFormula_Final_1; ReferenceFormula_Final_2 
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4, the ones mainly used for these Products are (but w ithout limitation): 
Level (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of "SimpleLevel") 
BestLevel (as defined under Condition 4.5 of the Family of "BestLevel") 
WorstLevel (as defined under Condition 4.6 of the Family of "WorstLevel") 
AverageTimeLevel, MaxTimeLevel or MinTimeLevel (as defined under Condition 4.9 of the Family of "TimeLevel") 
3.3 
FAMILY OF PRODUCTS "BARRIER" 
Set out below  the list of Products of the Family of Products "Barrier", the Reference of the Product of w hich is mentioned in the table 
below  and w ill be indicated in the applicable Final Terms in the clause "Reference of the Product". 
The clause "Reference of the Product" of the applicable Final Terms shall also indicate the applicable Option for the relevant Product 
selected amongst the Options described below  to determine and calculate the Final Settlement Amount of Warrants, as the case may 
be. 
 
Reference of the Product 
Product 
3.3.1 
Reverse Convertible 
3.3.2 
Digital Payout Autocall

--- Page 387 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
387 
 
Reference of the Product 
Product 
3.3.3 
Reserved 
3.3.4 
Reserved 
3.3.5 
Reserved 
3.3.6 
Reserved 
3.3.7 
Reserved 
3.3.8 
Reserved 
3.3.9 
Reserved 
3.3.10 
Tw in Win 
3.3.11 
Reserved 
3.3.12 
Reserved 
3.3.13 
Reserved 
3.3.14 
Bonus & Capped Bonus 
3.3.15 
Bonus Flex 
3.3.16 
Reserved 
3.3.17 
Reserved 
3.3.18 
Reserved 
3.3.19 
In-Line 
3.3.20 
Reserved 
3.3.21 
Sprint & Outperformance 
3.3.22 
Reserved 
3.3.23 
Reverse Capped Bonus 
3.3.24 
Reserved 
3.3.25 
Reverse Sprint & Reverse Outperformance 
3.3.26 
Reserved 
3.3.27 
Digital Range 
3.3.28 
Reserved 
3.3.29 
Reserved

--- Page 388 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
388 
 
Reference of the Product 
Product 
3.3.30 
Equity Protection 
3.3.31 
Reverse Equity Protection 
3.3.32 
Reserved 
Description of how the value of the relevant Warrants can be affected by the value of the Underlying(s)  
The Family of Products "Barrier" comprises Products w hich provide exposure to the positive or negative performance of an Underlying 
or a Basket of one or several Underlying(s) w ithin a Basket, w here the Product Amount(s) are determined based on one or sever al 
conditions (categorised in several scenarios). Typically, a condition is satisfied [or not] if the performance or level of an Underlying or 
Basket of one or several Underlying(s) w ithin a Basket is higher than or equal to [or low er than] a pre-defined barrier performance or 
level. Performance or level of the Underlying or Basket or one or several Underlying(s) w ithin a Basket can be w eighted, leveraged, 
averaged, locked, floored and/or capped. 
3.3.0 
Generic descriptions, Variable Data, relevant Reference Formula(e) and Specific Definition(s) for Barrier Products 
3.3.0.1 Description of Options relating to the Final Settlement Price of Warrants 
Set out below  a list of different options relating to the Final Settlement Price for Warrants. The clause "Reference of the Product" of 
the applicable Final Terms w ill specify the applicable Option, if any, chosen among the options below , used for determining and 
calculating the Final Settlement Price. 
OPTION 0: Constant Level only 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount × Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP 
Option 0 Description: 
 
Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final Settlement 
Price in respect of this Product is equal to a predetermined value. 
OPTION 1: Final Barrier only 
Scenario 1: 
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier(RVD(T)) is [higher] [low er] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier, then: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount × Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_1 + Payout_FSP_+ Max(FinalFloor_1 ; Min(FinalCap_1 ; FinalParticipation_1 x 
(ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RV D(T)) – FinalStrike_1))) 
Scenario 2: 
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier(RVD(T)) is [low er] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier, then: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount × Product Formula(T) 
Product 
Formula(T) 
= 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_2 
+ 
Max(FinalFloor_2 
; 
Min(FinalCap_2 
; 
FinalParticipation_2 
x 
(ReferenceFormula_Final_2(RV D(T)) – FinalStrike_2)))

--- Page 389 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
389 
 
Option 1 Description: 
 
Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final Settlement 
Price in respect of this Product depends on the realisation of one among tw o possible scenarios: 
 
The occurrence of these scenarios depends upon the value of the relevant ReferenceFormula applied to the 
Underlying(s) of the Product and of its position compared to a FinalBarrier. 
 
The Product Formula equals a predetermined value increased, as the case may be, by the value of the 
ReferenceFormula considered minus a strike level, w hich may be subject to a floor and / or cap and / or w ith a 
leverage factor. 
OPTION 2: Final Barrier and Knock-In feature 
Scenario 1: 
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier(RVD(T)) is [higher] [low er] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier, then: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount × Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_1 + Payout_FSP + Max(FinalFloor_1 ; Min(FinalCap_1 ; FinalParticipation_1 x 
(ReferenceFormula_Final_1(T) – FinalStrike))) 
Scenario 2: 
If [on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier(RV D(T)) is [low er] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier] [[and] [or] [a 
European] [an American] [a Low  Barrier] [a High Barrier] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred], then: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount × Product Formula(T) 
Product 
Formula(T) 
= 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_2 
+ 
Max(FinalFloor_2 
; 
Min(FinalCap_2 
; 
FinalParticipation_2 
x 
(ReferenceFormula_Final_2(RV D(T)) – FinalStrike_2))) 
Scenario 3: 
If [on Valuation Date(T), [ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier(RVD(T)) is [low er] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier] [[and] [or] [a 
European] [an American] [a Low  Barrier] [a High Barrier] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred], then: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount × Product Formula(T) 
Product 
Formula(T) 
= 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_3 
+ 
Max(FinalFloor_3 
; 
Min(FinalCap_3 
; 
FinalParticipation_3 
x 
(ReferenceFormula_Final_3(RV D(T)) – FinalStrike))) 
Option 2 Description: 
 
Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final Settlement 
Price in respect of this Product depends on the realisation of one among three possible scenarios: 
 
The occurrence of these scenarios depends upon the value of the relevant ReferenceFormula applied to the 
Underlying(s) of the Product and of its position compared to a FinalBarrier and / or the occurrence of [a European] 
[an American] [a Low  Barrier] [a High Barrier] Knock-In event. 
 
The Product Formula equals a predetermined value increased, as the case may be, by the value of the 
ReferenceFormula considered minus a strike level, w hich may be subject to a floor and / or cap and / or w ith a 
leverage factor. 
OPTION 3: [European] [American] [Low Barrier] [High Barrier] Knock-In feature

--- Page 390 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
390 
 
Scenario 1: 
If [a European] [an American] [a Low  Barrier] [a High Barrier] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred, then: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount × Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_1 
+ Payout_FSP 
+ Max(FinalFloor_1 
; Min(FinalCap_1 
; FinalBonus_1 + 
FinalParticipation_1 x (ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike))) 
Scenario 2: 
If [a European] [an American] [a Low  Barrier] [a High Barrier] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred, then: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount × Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_2 + Max(FinalFloor_2 ; Min(FinalCap_2 ; FinalBonus_2 + FinalParticipation_2 x 
(ReferenceFormula_Final_2(RV D(T)) – FinalStrike_2))) 
Option 3 Description: 
 
Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final Settlement 
Price in respect of this Product depends on the realisation of one among tw o possible scenarios: 
 
The occurrence of these scenarios depends w hether or not [a European] [an American] [a Low  Barrier] [a High 
Barrier] Knock-In Event has occurred. 
 
The Product Formula equals a predetermined value increased, as the case may be, by the value of the 
ReferenceFormula considered minus a strike level, w hich may be subject to a floor and / or cap and / or w ith a 
leverage factor. 
OPTION 4: Two Final Barriers 
Scenario 1: 
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_1(RV D(T)) is [higher] [low er] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_1, then: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount × Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_1 + Payout_FSP + Max(FinalFloor_1 ; Min(FinalCap_1 ; FinalParticipation_1 x 
(ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RV D(T)) – FinalStrike_1))) 
Scenario 2: 
If on Valuation Date(T), [ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_1(RVD(T)) is [low er] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_1] [[and] [or] 
ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_2(RV D(T)) is [higher] [low er] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_2], then: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount × Product Formula(T) 
Product 
Formula(T) 
= 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_2 
+ 
Max(FinalFloor_2 
; 
Min(FinalCap_2 
; 
FinalParticipation_2 
x 
(ReferenceFormula_Final_2(RV D(T)) – FinalStrike_2))) 
Scenario 3: 
If on Valuation Date(T), [ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_1(RVD(T)) is [low er] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_1] [[and] [or] 
ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_2(RV D(T)) is [low er] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_2], then: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount × Product Formula(T)

--- Page 391 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
391 
 
Product 
Formula(T) 
= 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_3 
+ 
Max(FinalFloor_3 
; 
Min(FinalCap_3 
; 
FinalParticipation_3 
x 
(ReferenceFormula_Final_3(RV D(T)) – FinalStrike_3))) 
Option 4 Description: 
 
Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final Settlement 
Price in respect of this Product depends on the realisation of one among three possible scenarios: 
 
The occurrence of these scenarios depends on the value(s) of the relevant ReferenceFormula(e) applied to the 
Underlying(s) of the Product and of its (their) position(s) compared to a (several) FinalBarrier(s). 
 
The Product Formula equals a predetermined value increased, as the case may be, by the value of the 
ReferenceFormula considered minus a strike level,, w hich may be subject to a floor and / or cap and / or w ith a 
leverage factor. 
OPTION 5: Two Final Barriers and Knock-In feature 
Scenario 1: 
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_1(RV D(T)) is [higher] [low er] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_1, then: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount × Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_1 + Payout_FSP + Max(FinalFloor_1 ; Min(FinalCap_1 ; FinalParticipation_1 x 
(ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RV D(T)) – FinalStrike_1))) 
Scenario 2: 
If on Valuation Date(T), [ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_1(RVD(T)) is [low er] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_1] [[and] [or] 
ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_2(RV D(T)) is [higher] [low er] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_2], then: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount × Product Formula(T) 
Product 
Formula(T) 
= 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_2 
+ 
Max(FinalFloor_2 
; 
Min(FinalCap_2 
; 
FinalParticipation_2 
x 
(ReferenceFormula_Final_2(RV D(T)) – FinalStrike_2))) 
Scenario 3: 
If on [Valuation Date(T),] [ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_1(RV D(T)) is [low er] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_1] [[and] [or] 
ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_2(RV D(T)) is [low er] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_2] [[and] [or] [a European] [an A merican] 
[a Low  Barrier] [a High Barrier] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred], then: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount × Product Formula(T) 
Product 
Formula(T) 
= 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_3 
+ 
Max(FinalFloor_3 
; 
Min(FinalCap_3 
; 
FinalParticipation_3 
x 
(ReferenceFormula_Final_3(RV D(T)) – FinalStrike_3))) 
Scenario 4: 
If on [Valuation Date(T),] [ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_1(RV D(T)) is [low er] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_1] [[and] [or] 
ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_2(RV D(T)) is [low er] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_2] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] 
[a Low  Barrier] [a High Barrier] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred], then: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount × Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(RVD(T)) 
= BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_4 
+ Max(FinalFloor_4 
; Min(FinalCap_4 
; FinalParticipation_4 
x 
(ReferenceFormula_Final_4(RV D(T)) – FinalStrike_4)))

--- Page 392 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
392 
 
Option 5 Description: 
 
Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final Settlement 
Price in respect of this Product depends on the realisation of one among four possible scenarios: 
 
The occurrence of these scenarios depends on the value(s) of the relevant ReferenceFormula(e) applied to the 
Underlying(s) of the Product and of its (their) position(s) compared to a (several) FinalBarrier(s) and / or whether or 
not [a European] [an American] [a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] Knock-In Event occurs. 
 
The Product Formula equals a predetermined value increased, as the case may be, by the value of the 
ReferenceFormula considered, which may be subject to a floor and / or cap and / or with a leverage factor. 
OPTION 6: Double opportunity 
Scenario 1: 
If [a European] [an American] [a Low  Barrier] [a High Barrier] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred, then: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_1 + Payout_FSP + Max(FinalFloor_1 ; Min(FinalCap_1 ; FinalParticipation_1 x 
(ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RV D(T)) – FinalStrike_1))) 
Scenario 2: 
If [on Valuation Date(T)], [[a European] [an American] [a Low  Barrier] [a High Barrier] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred] [[and] [or] 
ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_2(RV D(T)) is [low er] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier], then: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
Product 
Formula(T) 
= 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_2 
+ 
Max(FinalFloor_2 
; 
Min(FinalCap_2 
; 
FinalParticipation_2 
x 
(ReferenceFormula_Final_2(RV D(T)) – FinalStrike_2))) 
Scenario 3: 
If [on Valuation Date(T)], [[a European] [an American] [a Low  Barrier] [a High Barrier] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred] [[and] [or] 
ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier(RV D(T)) is [low er] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier], then: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
Product 
Formula(T) 
= 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_3 
+ 
Max(FinalFloor_3 
; 
Min(FinalCap_3 
; 
FinalParticipation_3 
x 
(ReferenceFormula_Final_3(RV D(T)) – FinalStrike_3))) 
Option 6 Description: 
 
Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final Settlement 
Price in respect of this Product depends on the realisation of one among three possible scenarios: 
 
The occurrence of these scenarios depends on the value(s) of the relevant ReferenceFormula(e) applied to the 
Underlying(s) of the Product and of its (their) position(s) compared to one (several) FinalBarrier(s) and / or whether 
or not [a European] [an American] [a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] Knock-In Event occurs. 
 
The Product Formula equals a predetermined value increased, as the case may be, by the value of the 
ReferenceFormula considered, which may be subject to a floor and / or cap and / or with a leverage factor. 
OPTION 7: Certificate

--- Page 393 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
393 
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount × Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP + Payout_FSP + Max(FinalFloor; Min(FinalCap; FinalBonus + FinalParticipation x 
(ReferenceFormula_Final(RV D(T)) – FinalStrike))) 
Option 7 Description: 
 
Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final Settlement 
Price is equal to a predetermined value increased as the case may be by the value of the Reference Formula_Final applied 
to the Underlying(s) w hich may be subject to a floor and/or a cap and/or w ith a leverage factor 
OPTION 8 with [2_3_4_5_6] Scenarios: Option M ulti 
Option 8 with 2 Scenarios 
Scenario 1: 
If [on Valuation Date(T),] [ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_1(RV D(T)) is [low er] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_1] [[and] [or] 
ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_2(RV D(T)) is [low er] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_2] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] 
[a Low  Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] [a 
Low  Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred], then: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount × Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_1 
+ Payout_FSP_1 + Max(FinalFloor_1 ; Min(FinalCap_1 ; FinalBonus_1 + 
FinalParticipation_1 x (ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_1))) 
Scenario 2: 
If [on Valuation Date(T),] [ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_1(RV D(T)) is [low er] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_1] [[and] [or] 
ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_2(RV D(T)) is [low er] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_2] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] 
[a Low  Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] [a 
Low  Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred], then: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount × Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_2 
+ Payout_FSP_2 + Max(FinalFloor_2 ; Min(FinalCap_2 ; FinalBonus_2 + 
FinalParticipation_2 x (ReferenceFormula_Final_2(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_2))) 
Option 8 with 3 Scenarios 
Scenario 1: 
If [on Valuation Date(T),] [ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_1(RV D(T)) is [low er] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_1] [[and] [or] 
ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_2(RV D(T)) is [low er] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_2] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] 
[a Low  Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] [a 
Low  Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred], then: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount × Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_1 
+ Payout_FSP_1 + Max(FinalFloor_1 ; Min(FinalCap_1 ; FinalBonus_1 + 
FinalParticipation_1 x (ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_1))) 
Scenario 2:

--- Page 394 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
394 
 
If [on Valuation Date(T),] [ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_1(RV D(T)) is [low er] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_1] [[and] [or] 
ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_2(RV D(T)) is [low er] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_2] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] 
[a Low  Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] [a 
Low  Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred], then: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount × Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_2 
+ Payout_FSP_2 + Max(FinalFloor_2 ; Min(FinalCap_2 ; FinalBonus_2 + 
FinalParticipation_2 x (ReferenceFormula_Final_2(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_2))) 
Scenario 3: 
If [on Valuation Date(T),] [ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_1(RV D(T)) is [low er] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_1] [[and] [or] 
ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_2(RV D(T)) is [low er] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_2] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] 
[a Low  Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] [a 
Low  Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred], then: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount × Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_3 
+ Payout_FSP_3 + Max(FinalFloor_3 ; Min(FinalCap_3 ; FinalBonus_3 + 
FinalParticipation_3 x (ReferenceFormula_Final_3(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_3))) 
Option 8 with 4 Scenarios 
Scenario 1: 
If [on Valuation Date(T),] [ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_1(RV D(T)) is [low er] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_1] [[and] [or] 
ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_2(RV D(T)) is [low er] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_2] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] 
[a Low  Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] [a 
Low  Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred], then: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount × Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_1 
+ Payout_FSP_1 + Max(FinalFloor_1 ; Min(FinalCap_1 ; FinalBonus_1 + 
FinalParticipation_1 x (ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_1))) 
Scenario 2: 
If [on Valuation Date(T),] [ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_1(RV D(T)) is [low er] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_1] [[and] [or] 
ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_2(RV D(T)) is [low er] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_2] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] 
[a Low  Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] [a 
Low  Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred], then: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount × Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_2 
+ Payout_FSP_2 + Max(FinalFloor_2 ; Min(FinalCap_2 ; FinalBonus_2 + 
FinalParticipation_2 x (ReferenceFormula_Final_2( RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_2))) 
Scenario 3: 
If [on Valuation Date(T),] [ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_1(RV D(T)) is [low er] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_1] [[and] [or] 
ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_2(RV D(T)) is [low er] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_2] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] 
[a Low  Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] [a 
Low  Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred], then: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount × Product Formula(T)

--- Page 395 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
395 
 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_3 
+ Payout_FSP_3 + Max(FinalFloor_3 ; Min(FinalCap_3 ; FinalBonus_3 + 
FinalParticipation_3 x (ReferenceFormula_Final_3(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_3))) 
Scenario 4: 
If [on Valuation Date(T),] [ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_1(RV D(T)) is [low er] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_1] [[and] [or] 
ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_2(RV D(T)) is [low er] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_2] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] 
[a Low  Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] [a 
Low  Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred], then: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount × Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_4 
+ Payout_FSP_4 + Max(FinalFloor_4 ; Min(FinalCap_4 ; FinalBonus_4 + 
FinalParticipation_4 x (ReferenceFormula_Final_4(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_4))) 
Option 8 with 5 Scenarios 
Scenario 1: 
If [on Valuation Date(T),] [ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_1(RV D(T)) is [low er] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_1] [[and] [or] 
ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_2(RV D(T)) is [low er] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_2] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] 
[a Low  Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] [a 
Low  Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred], then: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount × Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_1 
+ Payout_FSP_1 + Max(FinalFloor_1 ; Min(FinalCap_1 ; FinalBonus_1 + 
FinalParticipation_1 x (ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RVD( T)) – FinalStrike_1))) 
Scenario 2: 
If [on Valuation Date(T),] [ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_1(RV D(T)) is [low er] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_1] [[and] [or] 
ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_2(RV D(T)) is [low er] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_2] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] 
[a Low  Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] [a 
Low  Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred], then: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount × Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_2 
+ Payout_FSP_2 + Max(FinalFloor_2 ; Min(FinalCap_2 ; FinalBonus_2 + 
FinalParticipation_2 x (ReferenceFormula_Final_2(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_2))) 
Scenario 3: 
If [on Valuation Date(T),] [ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_1(RV D(T)) is [low er] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_1] [[and] [or] 
ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_2(RV D(T)) is [low er] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_2] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] 
[a Low  Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] [a 
Low  Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred], then: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount × Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_3 
+ Payout_FSP_3 + Max(FinalFloor_3 ; Min(FinalCap_3 ; FinalBonus_3 + 
FinalParticipation_3 x (ReferenceFormula_Final_3(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_3))) 
Scenario 4:

--- Page 396 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
396 
 
If [on Valuation Date(T),] [ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_1(RV D(T)) is [low er] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_1] [[and] [or] 
ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_2(RV D(T)) is [low er] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_2] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] 
[a Low  Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] [a 
Low  Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred], then: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount × Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_4 
+ Payout_FSP_4 + Max(FinalFloor_4 ; Min(FinalCap_4 ; FinalBonus_4 + 
FinalParticipation_4 x (ReferenceFormula_Final_4(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_4))) 
Scenario 5: 
If [on Valuation Date(T),] [ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_1(RV D(T)) is [low er] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_1] [[and] [or] 
ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_2(RV D(T)) is [low er] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_2] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] 
[a Low  Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] [a 
Low  Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred], then: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount × Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_5 
+ Payout_FSP_5 + Max(FinalFloor_5 ; Min(FinalCap_5 ; FinalBonus_5 + 
FinalParticipation_5 x (ReferenceFormula_Final_5(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_5))) 
Option 8 with 6 Scenarios 
Scenario 1: 
If [on Valuation Date(T),] [ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_1(RV D(T)) is [low er] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_1] [[and] [or] 
ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_2(RV D(T)) is [low er] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_2] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] 
[a Low  Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] [a 
Low  Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred], then: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount × Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_1 
+ Payout_FSP_1 + Max(FinalFloor_1 ; Min(FinalCap_1 ; FinalBonus_1 + 
FinalParticipation_1 x (ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_1))) 
Scenario 2: 
If [on Valuation Date(T),] [ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_1(RV D(T)) is [low er] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_1] [[and] [or] 
ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_2(RV D(T)) is [low er] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_2] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] 
[a Low  Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] [a 
Low  Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred], then: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount × Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_2+ 
Payout_FSP_2 
+ Max(FinalFloor_2 ; Min(FinalCap_2 ; FinalBonus_2 + 
FinalParticipation_2 x (ReferenceFormula_Final_2(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_2))) 
Scenario 3: 
If [on Valuation Date(T),] [ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_1(RV D(T)) is [low er] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_1] [[and] [or] 
ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_2(RV D(T)) is [low er] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_2] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] 
[a Low  Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] [a 
Low  Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred], then: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount × Product Formula(T)

--- Page 397 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
397 
 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_3 
+ Payout_FSP_3 + Max(FinalFloor_3 ; Min(FinalCap_3 ; FinalBonus_3 + 
FinalParticipation_3 x (ReferenceFormula_Final_3(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_3))) 
Scenario 4: 
If [on Valuation Date(T),] [ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_1(RV D(T)) is [low er] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_1] [[and] [or] 
ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_2(RV D(T)) is [low er] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_2] [[and] [or] [a European] [an A merican] 
[a Low  Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] [a 
Low  Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred], then: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount × Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_4 
+ Payout_FSP_4 + Max(FinalFloor_4 ; Min(FinalCap_4 ; FinalBonus_4 + 
FinalParticipation_4 x (ReferenceFormula_Final_4(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_4))) 
Scenario 5: 
If [on Valuation Date(T),] [ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_1(RV D(T)) is [low er] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_1] [[and] [or] 
ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_2(RV D(T)) is [low er] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_2] [[and] [or] [a European] [an A merican] 
[a Low  Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] [a 
Low  Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred], then: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount × Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_5 
+ Payout_FSP_5 + Max(FinalFloor_5 ; Min(FinalCap_5 ; FinalBonus_5 + 
FinalParticipation_5 x (ReferenceFormula_Final_5(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_5))) 
Scenario 6: 
If [on Valuation Date(T),] [ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_1(RV D(T)) is [low er] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_1] [[and] [or] 
ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_2(RV D(T)) is [low er] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_2] [[and] [or] [a European] [an A merican] 
[a Low  Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] [a 
Low  Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred], then: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount × Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_6 
+ Payout_FSP_6 + Max(FinalFloor_6 ; Min(FinalCap_6 ; FinalBonus_6 + 
FinalParticipation_6 x (ReferenceFormula_Final_6(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_6))) 
Option 8 with [2/3/4/5/6] Scenarios Description: 
 
Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final Settlement 
Price in respect of this Product depends on the realisation of one among two (or three, or four, or five, or six depending upon 
the number of scenarios selected) scenarios : 
 
The occurrence of these scenarios depends on: (i) the value(s) of the relevant ReferenceFormula(e) applied to the 
Underlying(s) of the Product and of its (their) position(s) compared to one (several) FinalBarrier(s) and / or (ii) the 
occurrence or not of a[n] [[American] [European] [Low Barrier] [High Barrier] [Memory] [Range] Knock-In Event. 
 
The Final Settlement Price equals a predetermined value increased, as the case may be, by the value of the relevant 
ReferenceFormula considered minus a strike level, which may be subject to a floor and / or cap and / or with a 
leverage factor. 
3.3.0.2 Variable Data

--- Page 398 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
398 
 
Set out below  is the list of Variable Data that are necessary to determine and calculate the Final Settlement Price depending on the 
Option applicable to the Product (selected amongst the Options described in Condition 3.3.0.1 above and that w ill be indicated in the 
clause "Reference of the Product" of the applicable Final Terms). 
In the table below , "X" means "Applicable". 
 
 
Options 
Variable Data 
0 
1 
2 
3 
4 
5 
6 
7 
8 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP[_1/2/3/4/5/6] 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
Payout_FSP[_1/2/3/4/5/6] 
 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
FinalBarrier[_1/2/3] 
 
X 
X 
 
X 
X 
X 
 
X 
FinalCap[_1/2/3/4/5/6] 
 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
FinalFloor[_1/2/3/4/5/6] 
 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
FinalBonus[_1/2/3/4/5/6] 
 
 
 
X 
 
 
 
X 
X 
FinalParticipation[_1/2/3/4/5/6] 
 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
FinalStrike[_1/2/3/4/5/6] 
 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
3.3.0.3 Reference Formula(e) 
Set out below  is a list of Reference Formula(e) applicable to determine and compute the Final Settlement Price, depending on the 
Option applicable to the Product selected amongst the Options described in Condition 3.3.0.1 above and indicated in the clause 
"Reference of the Product" of the applicable Final Terms. 
In the table below , "X" means "Applicable" 
 
 
Options 
Reference Formula(e) 
0 
1 
2 
3 
4 
5 
6 
7 
8 
ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier[_1/2] 
 
X 
X 
 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
ReferenceFormula_Final[_1/2/3/4/5/6] 
 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4, the ones mainly used for these Products are (but w ithout limitation): 
Performance or LeveragePerformance (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of "SimpleLevel") 
WorstPerformance or LeverageWorstPerformance (as defined under Condition 4.6 of the Family of "WorstLevel") 
BasketPerformance or AverageBasketPerformance (as defined under Condition 4.4 of the Family of Basket Performance") 
IntradayMinTimePerformance 
or WorstIntradayMinTimePerformance 
(as defined under Condition 4.22 of the Family of 
"IntradayLevel")

--- Page 399 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
399 
 
3.3.0.4 European Knock-In Events 
European Knock-In Event can be renamed European Knock-Out Event, if relevant and appropriate. 
(a) 
Description: 
Mono-Underlying 
European Knock-In Event[_1/2/3/4](i) is deemed to have [not] occurred as determined by the Calculation Agent, if on [the Valuation 
Date(i)] or [the date as defined in the applicable Final Terms], [ReferenceFormula_EuropeanKnock-In[_1/2/3/4](i)] or [the Closing 
Price [S(i)]] is [higher] [low er] than [or equal to] the [Knock-InThreshold[_1/2/3/4](i). 
Multi-Underlyings 
European Knock-In Event[_1/2/3/4](i) is deemed to have [not] occurred as determined by the Calculation Agent, if on [the Valuation 
Date(i)] 
or [the date as defined in the applicable 
Final 
Terms], 
[ReferenceFormula_EuropeanKnock-In[_1/2/3/4](i)] 
or 
[ReferenceFormula_EuropeanKnock-In[_1/2/3/4](i,k) of each Underlying(k)] or [the Closing Price [S(i,k)] of each Underlying(k)] or 
[ReferenceFormula_EuropeanKnock-In[_1/2/3/4](i,k) of at least one Underlying(k)] or [the Closing Price [S(i,k)] of at least one 
Underlying(k)] 
is [higher] [low er] than [or equal 
to] the [Knock-InThreshold[_1/2/3/4](i]] 
[Knock-InThreshold[_1/2/3/4](i)] 
[Knock-InThreshold[_1/2/3/4](i)] [Knock-InThreshold[_1/2/3/4](i,k)]. 
(b) 
Variable Data: 
Knock-InThreshold[_1/2/3/4] 
This Variable Data is defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
(c) 
Reference Formula(e): 
ReferenceFormula_EuropeanKnock-In[_1/2/3/4]; Closing Price 
3.3.0.5 American Knock-In Events 
For the purpose of this section, Reference Date(s)(t) means: 
 
[Valuation Date(s)(t) w ithin the American Knock-In Event[_1/2/3/4] Schedule(i) as defined in the applicable Final Terms] or 
 
[each of Valuation Date(s)(t) w ithin the American Knock-In Event[_1/2/3/4] Schedule(i)] or 
 
[at least one Valuation Date(t) w ithin the American Knock-In Event[_1/2/3/4] Schedule(i)] or 
 
[[NumberofDays] [consecutive] Valuation Date(s)(t) w ithin the American Knock-In Event[_1/2/3/4] Schedule(i)] or 
 
[at least [NumberofDays] [non consecutive] Valuation Date(s)(t) w ithin the American Knock-In Event[_1/2/3/4] Schedule(i)] 
or 
 
[the date(s)(t) as defined in the applicable Final Terms w ithin the American Knock-In Event[_1/2/3/4] Schedule(i)] or 
 
[each of the dates(t) as defined in the applicable Final Terms w ithin the American Knock-In Event[_1/2/3/4] Schedule(i)] or 
 
[at least one date(t) as defined in the applicable Final Terms w ithin the American Knock-In Event[_1/2/3/4] Schedule(i)] or 
 
[[NumberofDays] 
[consecutive] dates(t) as defined in the applicable Final Terms w ithin the American Knock-In 
Event[_1/2/3/4] Schedule(i)] or 
 
[at least [NumberofDays] [non consecutive] date(s)(t) as defined in the applicable Final Terms w ithin the American Knock-In 
Event[_1/2/3/4] Schedule(i)] or

--- Page 400 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
400 
 
 
[each Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day from and [including][excluding] Valuation Date(t1) to and 
[including][excluding] Valuation Date(t2)] or 
 
[at least one Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day from and [including][excluding] Valuation Date(t1) to and 
[including][excluding] Valuation Date(t2)]. 
An American Knock-In Event[_1/2/3/4] Schedule(i) is applicable for American Knock-In Event[_1/2/3/4](i), but also, if necessary for 
Low  Barrier Knock-In Event, High Barrier Knock-In Event, Second Low  Barrier Knock-In Event, Second High Barrier Knock-In Event 
and Memory Knock-In Event. 
American Knock-In Event can be renamed American Knock-Out Event, Knock-In Event or Knock-Out Event, if relevant and 
appropriate. 
(a) 
Description: 
Mono-Underlying 
American Knock-In Event[_1/2/3/4](i) is deemed to have [not] occurred, as determined by the Calculation Agent, if on Reference 
Date(s)(t), [ReferenceFormula_A mericanKnock-In[_1/2/3/4](t)] or [the Closing Price [S(t)]] or [each Intraday Price [SI(t)]] or [at least 
one Intraday Price [SI(t)]] is [higher] [low er] than [or equal to] the [Knock-InThreshold[_1/2/3/4](i)]. 
Multi-Underlyings 
American Knock-In Event[_1/2/3/4](i) is deemed to have [not] occurred, as determined by the Calculation Agent, if on Reference 
Date(s)(t), [ReferenceFormula_AmericanKnock-In[_1/2/3/4](t)] 
or [ReferenceFormula_AmericanKnock-In[_1/2/3/4](t,k) 
of each 
Underlying(k)] or [the Closing Price [S(t,k)] of each Underlying(k)] or [each Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of each Underlying(k)] or [at least 
one Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of each Underlying(k)] or [ReferenceFormula_A mericanKnock-In[_1/2/3/4](t,k) 
of at least one 
Underlying(k)] or [the Closing Price [S(t,k)] of at least one Underlying(k)] or [each Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of at least one Underlying(k)] 
or [at least one Intraday Price 
[SI(t,k)] 
of at least one Underlying(k)] 
is [higher] [low er] than [or equal 
to] the 
[Knock-InThreshold[_1/2/3/4](i)] [Knock-InThreshold[_1/2/3/4](i,k)]. 
(b) 
Variable Data: 
Knock-InThreshold[_1/2/3/4]; NumberofDays 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
(c) 
Reference Formula(e): 
ReferenceFormula_AmericanKnock-In[_1/2/3/4]; Closing Price; Intraday Price 
3.3.0.6 Low and High Barrier Knock-In Events 
As it w ill be detailed, Low  and High Knock-In Event can be considered as American or European Knock-In Event. In this Section, 
Reference Date(s) is defined in Condition 3.3.0.5 above: 
Low  and High Knock-In Event can be renamed Low  and High Knock-Out Event, if relevant and appropriate. 
(a) 
Description: 
Mono-Underlying 
Low Barrier Knock-In Event(i) is deemed to have [not] occurred, as determined by the Calculation Agent, if on Reference Date(s)(t), 
[ReferenceFormula_Low Barrier(t)] or [the Closing Price [S(t)]] or [each Intraday Price [SI(t)]] or [at least one Intraday Price [SI(t)]] is 
low er than [or equal to] [Low Barrier(i)] [(such date being referred as to the Low BarrierEventDate)].

--- Page 401 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
401 
 
High Barrier Knock-In Event(i) is deemed to have [not] occurred, as determined by the Calculation Agent, if on Reference Date(s)(t), 
[ReferenceFormula_HighBarrier(t)] or [the Closing Price [S(t)]] or [each Intraday Price [SI(t)]] or [at least one Intraday Price [SI(t)]] is 
higher than [or equal to] [HighBarrier(i)] [( such date being referred as to the HighBarrierEventDate)]. 
Second Low Barrier Knock-In Event(i) is deemed to have [not] occurred, as determined by the Calculation Agent, if on Reference 
Date(s)(t), [ReferenceFormula_SecondLow Barrier(t)] or [the Closing Price [S(t)]] or [each Intraday Price [SI(t)]] or [at least one Intraday 
Price [SI(t)]] is low er than [or equal to] [SecondLow Barrier(i)] [(such date being referred as to the SecondLow BarrierEventDate)]. 
Second High Barrier Knock-In Event(i) is deemed to have [not] occurred, as determined by the Calculation Agent, if on Reference 
Date(s)(t), [ReferenceFormula_SecondHighBarrier(t)] or [the Closing Price [S(t)]] or [each Intraday Price [SI(t)]] or [at least one 
Intraday 
Price 
[SI(t)]] 
is 
higher 
than 
[or equal 
to] 
[SecondHighBarrier(i)] 
[(such 
date 
being 
referred as 
to 
the 
SecondHighBarrierEventDate)]. 
Multi-Underlyings: 
Low Barrier Knock-In Event(i) is deemed to have [not] occurred, as determined by the Calculation Agent, if on Reference Date(s)(t), 
[ReferenceFormula_Low Barrier(t)] or [ReferenceFormula_Low Barrier(t,k) of each Underlying(k)] or [the Closing Price [S(t,k)] of each 
Underlying(k)] or [each Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of each Underlying(k)] or [at least one Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of each Underlying(k)] or 
[ReferenceFormula_Low Barrier(t,k) of at least one Underlying(k)] or [the Closing Price [S(t,k)] of at least one Underlying(k)] or [each 
Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of at least one Underlying(k)] or [at least one Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of at least one Underlying(k)] is low er than 
[or equal to] [Low Barrier(i)] [Low Barrier(i,k)] [(such date being referred as to the Low BarrierEventDate)]. 
High Barrier Knock-In Event(i) is deemed to have [not] occurred, as determined by the Calculation Agent, if on Reference Date(s)(t), 
[ReferenceFormula_HighBarrier(t)] or [ReferenceFormula_HighBarrier(t,k) of each Underlying(k)] or [the Closing Price [S(t,k)] of each 
Underlying(k)] or [each Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of each Underlying(k)] or [at least one Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of each Underlying(k)] or 
[ReferenceFormula_HighBarrier(t,k) of at least one Underlying(k)] or [the Closing Price [S(t,k)] of at least one Underlying(k)] or [each 
Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of at least one Underlying(k)] or [at least one Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of at least one Underlying(k)] is higher than 
[or equal to] [HighBarrier(i)] [HighBarrier(i,k)] [(such date being referred as to the HighBarrierEventDate)]. 
Second Low Barrier Knock-In Event(i) is deemed to [not] have occurred, as determined by the Calculation Agent, if on Reference 
Date(s)(t), [ReferenceFormula_SecondLow Barrier(t)] or [ReferenceFormula_SecondLow Barrier(t,k) of each Underlying(k)] or [the 
Closing Price [S(t,k)] of each Underlying(k)] or [each Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of each Underlying(k)] or [at least one Intraday Price 
[SI(t,k)] of each Underlying(k)] or [ReferenceFormula_SecondLow Barrier(t,k) of at least one Underlying(k)] or [the Closing Price [S(t,k)] 
of at least one Underlying(k)] or [each Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of at least one Underlying(k)] or [at least one Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of at 
least one Underlying(k)] is low er than [or equal to] [SecondLow Barrier(k)] [SecondLow Barrier(i,k)] [(such date being referred as to the 
SecondLow BarrierEventDate)]. 
Second High Barrier Knock-In Event(i) is deemed to [not] have occurred, as determined by the Calculation Agent, if on Reference 
Date(s)(t), [ReferenceFormula_SecondHighBarrier(t)] or [ReferenceFormula_SecondHighBarrier(t,k) of each Underlying(k)] or [the 
Closing Price [S(t,k)] of each Underlying(k)] or [each Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of each Underlying(k)] or [at least one Intraday Price 
[SI(t,k)] of each Underlying(k)] or [ReferenceFormula_SecondHighBarrier(t,k) of at least one Underlying(k)] or [the Closing Price 
[S(t,k)] of at least one Underlying(k)] or [each Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of at least one Underlying(k)] or [at least one Intraday Price 
[SI(t,k)] of at least one Underlying(k)] is higher than [or equal to] [SecondHighBarrier(k)] [SecondHighBarrier(i,k)] [(such date being 
referred as to the SecondHighBarrierEventDate)]. 
(b) 
Variable Data: 
Knock-InThreshold[_1/2/3/4]; NumberofDays; Low Barrier; HighBarrier; SecondLow Barrier; SecondHighBarrier 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
(c) 
Reference Formula(e): 
Closing 
Price; 
Intraday 
Price; 
ReferenceFormula_Low Barrier; 
ReferenceFormula_HighBarrier; 
ReferenceFormula_SecondLow Barrier; ReferenceFormula_SecondHighBarrier

--- Page 402 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
402 
 
3.3.0.7 Range Knock-InEvent 
For the purpose of this section, Reference Date(t) means: 
 
[the Valuation Date(i)] or 
 
[the date(t) as defined in the applicable Final Terms] or 
 
[Valuation Date(t) w ithin Schedule(i) as defined in the applicable Final Terms] or 
 
[the date(t) as defined in the applicable Final Terms w ithin Schedule(i)] or 
 
[each Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day from and [including][excluding] Valuation Date(t1) to and 
[including][excluding] Valuation Date(t2)] or 
 
[at least one Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day from and [including][excluding] Valuation Date(t1) to and 
[including][excluding] Valuation Date(t2)]. 
Range Knock-In Event can be renamed Range Knock-Out Event, if relevant and appropriate. 
(a) 
Description: 
Mono-Underlying 
Range Knock-InEvent(i) is deemed [not] to have occurred, as determined by the Calculation Agent, if on Reference Date(s)(t), 
[ReferenceFormula_RangeKnock-In[(t)] or [the Closing Price [S(t)]] or [each Intraday Price [SI(t)]] or [at least one Intraday Price [SI(t)]] 
is [higher than [or equal to] the Low erBound[(i)]] [and] [low er than [or equal to] the UpperBound[(i)]]. 
Multi-Underlyings 
Range Knock-InEvent(i) is deemed to [not] have occurred, as determined by the Calculation Agent, if on Reference Date(s)(t), 
[ReferenceFormula_RangeKnock-In(t)] or [ReferenceFormula_RangeKnock-In(t,k) of each Underlying(k)] or [the Closing Price [S(t,k)] 
of each Underlying(k)] or [ReferenceFormula_RangeKnock-In(t,k) of at least one Underlying(k)] or [the Closing Price [S(t,k)] of at least 
one Underlying(k)] is [higher than [or equal to] the Low erBound[(i)][(i,k)]] [and] [low er than [or equal to] the UpperBound[(i)][(i,k)]]. 
(b) 
Variable Data: 
UpperBound; Low erBound 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
(c) 
Reference Formula(e): 
ReferenceFormula_RangeKnock-In; Closing Price 
3.3.0.8 Memory Knock-In Events 
For the purpose of this section, Reference Date(t) means: 
 
[the Valuation Date(i)] or 
 
[the date(t) as defined in the applicable Final Terms] or 
 
[Valuation Date(t) w ithin Schedule(i) as defined in the applicable Final Terms] or 
 
[the date(t) as defined in the applicable Final Terms w ithin Schedule(i)] or

--- Page 403 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
403 
 
 
[each Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day from and [including][excluding] Valuation Date(t1) to and 
[including][excluding] Valuation Date(t2)] or 
 
[at least one Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day from and [including][excluding] Valuation Date(t1) to and 
[including][excluding] Valuation Date(t2)]. 
Memory Knock-In Event can be renamed Memory Knock-Out Event, if relevant and appropriate. 
(a) 
Description: 
Mono-Underlying 
Memory Knock-In Event[_1/2/3/4](i) is deemed to have [not] occurred as determined by the Calculation Agent, if on Reference 
Date(s)(t), a MemoryEvent[_1/2/3/4](i) has [not] occurred. 
Multi-Underlyings 
Memory Knock-In Event[_1/2/3/4](i) is deemed to have [not] occurred, as determined by the Calculation Agent, if on Reference 
Date(s)(t), a MemoryEvent[_1/2/3/4](i,k) has [not] occurred for [at least one Underlying(k)] [each Underlying(k) observed separately]. 
(b) 
Variable Data: 
Knock-InThreshold[_1/2/3/4] 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
(c) 
Reference Formula(e): 
ReferenceFormula_MemoryKnock-In[_1/2/3/4]; Closing Price; Intraday Price 
(d) 
Specific Definition(s): 
Mono-Underlying 
MemoryEvent[_1/2/3/4](i,): is deemed to have occurred if on [at least one Valuation Date(t) (t from j to i)] or [Reference Date(s)(t)], 
the [ReferenceFormula_MemoryKnock-In[_1/2/3/4](t)] or [the Closing Price [S(t)]] or [each Intraday Price [SI(t)]] or [at least one 
Intraday Price [SI(t)]] is [higher] [low er] than [or equal to] the [Knock-InThreshold[_1/2/3/4](i)] [Knock-InThreshold[_1/2/3/4](t)]. 
Multi-Underlyings 
MemoryEvent[_1/2/3/4](i,k): is deemed to have occurred in respect of an Underlying(k) if on [at least one Valuation Date(t) ( t from j to 
i)] or [Reference Date(s)(t)], the [ReferenceFormula_MemoryKnock-In[_1/2/3/4](t,k) of such Underlying(k)] or [the Closing Price [S(t,k)] 
of such Underlying(k)] or [each Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of such Underlying(k)] or [at least one Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of such 
Underlying(k)] 
is [higher] [low er] than [or equal to] the [Knock-InThreshold[_1/2/3/4](i)] 
[Knock-InThreshold[_1/2/3/4](i, k)] 
[Knock-InThreshold[_1/2/3/4](t)] [Knock-InThreshold[_1/2/3/4](t,k)]. 
3.3.1 
Reverse Convertible 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.3.1 above, the follow ing applies: 
3.3.1.1 Product Description: 
 
There is no Event-linked Early Expiration under this Product. 
 
Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final Settlement 
Price in respect of this Product is determined on the basis of the applicable Option specified in the applicable Final Terms 
and chosen among the Options described in Condition 3.3.0.1 above.

--- Page 404 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
404 
 
3.3.1.2 Event-linked Early Expiration: Not applicable 
3.3.1.3 Final Settlement Price: 
The applicable Final Terms of the Product shall indicate in the clause "Reference of the Product" the Option applicable to such 
Product, selected amongst the Options described in Condition 3.3.0.1 above. 
3.3.1.4 Specific Definition(s): 
No Specific Definition is necessary to determine and calculate a Product Amount. 
3.3.1.5 Variable Data: 
Any Variable Data applicable to the Product depending on the Option applicable to such Product and pursuant to the table in Condition 
3.3.0.2 above. 
3.3.1.6 Reference Formula(e): 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate the additional Reference Formula(e) applicable to the Product depending on the Option 
applicable to such Product and pursuant to the table in Condition 3.3.0.3 above. 
3.3.2 
Digital Payout Autocall 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.3.2, the follow ing applies: 
3.3.2.1 Product Description: 
 
This Product may be subject to Event-linked Early Expiration. 
 
If an Early Expiration Event is deemed to have occurred, the Product Formula used to determine the Early 
Settlement 
Price equals a predetermined 
value increased, as the case may be, by the value of the 
ReferenceFormula considered, w hich may be subject to a floor, a cap and / or w ith a leverage factor. 
 
Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final Settlement 
Price in respect of this Product is determined on the basis of the applicable Option specified in the applicable Final Terms 
and chosen among the Options described in Condition 3.3.0.1 above. 
3.3.2.2 Event-linked Early Expiration: Applicable 
Early Settlement Price(i) = Notional Amount × Product Formula(i) 
Product Formula(i) = BaseSettlementLevel_ESP(i) + Max(Floor_ESP(i) ; Min(Cap_ESP(i) ; Payout_ESP(i) + Participation_ESP(i) x 
ReferenceFormula_ESP(i))) 
3.3.2.3 Final Settlement Price: 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate in the clause "Reference of the Product" the Option applicable to such Product, selected 
amongst the Options described in Condition 3.3.0.1 above. 
3.3.2.4 Specific Definition(s): 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more of the definitions mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 above and 
Conditions 3.3.0.4 to 3.3.0.7 above. 
3.3.2.5 Variable Data: 
Floor; Participation_ESP; Cap_ESP; Payout_ESP; Floor_ESP; Participation_ESP; BaseSettlementLevel_ESP

--- Page 405 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
405 
 
and any Variable Data applicable depending on the Option applicable to such Product and pursuant to the table in Condition 3.3.0.2 
above. 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
3.3.2.6 Reference Formula(e): 
ReferenceFormula_ESP 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, the additional Reference Formula(e) applicable to the Product 
depending on the Option applicable to such Product and pursuant to the table in Condition 3.3.0.3 above. 
3.3.3 
Reserved 
3.3.4 
Reserved 
3.3.5 
Reserved 
3.3.6 
Reserved 
3.3.7 
Reserved 
3.3.8 
Reserved 
3.3.9 
Reserved 
3.3.10 
Twin Win 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.3.10, the follow ing applies: 
3.3.10.1 Product Description: 
 
This Product may be subject to Event-linked Early Expiration: 
 
If an Early Expiration Event is deemed to have occurred, the Product Formula used to determine the Early 
Settlement Price equals a predetermined value. 
 
Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final Settlement 
Price in respect of this Product depends on the realisation of one among three possible scenarios: 
 
The occurrence of these scenarios depends on: (i) the value of the relevant ReferenceFormula applied to the 
Underlying(s) of the Product and of its position compared to a Barrier; and upon (ii) the occurrence or not of a Low  
Barrier Knock-In Event. 
 
The Product Formula equals a predetermined value increased, as the case may be, by the value of the relevant 
Reference Formula considered minus a strike level, w hich may be subject to a cap and / or w ith a leverage factor. 
3.3.10.2 Event-linked Early Expiration: Applicable 
Early Settlement Price(i) = Notional Amount x Product Formula(i) 
Product Formula(i) = BaseSettlementLevel_ESP(i) + Payout_ESP(i) 
3.3.10.3 Final Settlement Price: 
Scenario 1:

--- Page 406 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
406 
 
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final(RV D(T)) is [higher] [low er] than [or equal to] Barrier, then: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_1 + Min(Cap ; CallParticipation x (ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RVD(T)) – Strike_1)) 
Scenario 2: 
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T)) is [low er] [higher] than [or equal to] Barrier and a Low  Barrier Knoc k-In 
Event has not occurred, then: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_2 + PutParticipation x (Strike_2 – ReferenceFormula_Final_2(RVD(T))) 
Scenario 3: 
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T)) is [low er] [higher] than [or equal to] Barrier and a Low  Barrier Knock-In 
Event has occurred, then: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_3 + FinalParticipation x (ReferenceFormula_Final_3(RV D(T)) – Strike_3) 
3.3.10.4 Specific Definition(s): 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be one or more of the definitions mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 above. 
3.3.10.5 Variable Data: 
BaseSettlementLevel_ESP; 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_1; 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_2; 
BaseSettlementLevel_FS P_3 ; 
Payout_ESP; Barrier; Strike_1; Strike_2; Strike_3; CallParticipation; Cap; PutParticipation; FinalParticipation 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
3.3.10.6 Reference Formula(e): 
ReferenceFormula_Final; ReferenceFormula_Final_1; ReferenceFormula_Final_2; ReferenceFormula_Final_3 
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4 below , the ones mainly used for these Products are (but w ithout limitation): 
For Warrants indexed on one Underlying: 
Level (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of "SimpleLevel") 
For Warrants indexed on more than one Underlying: 
BasketLevel (as defined under Condition 4.3 of the Family of "BasketLevel") 
WorstLevel (as defined under Condition 4.6 of the Family of "WorstLevel")

--- Page 407 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
407 
 
3.3.11 
Reserved 
3.3.12 
Reserved 
3.3.13 
Reserved 
3.3.14 
Bonus & Capped Bonus 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.3.14, the follow ing applies: 
3.3.14.1 Product Description: 
 
This Product may be subject to Event-linked Early Expiration: 
 
If an Early Expiration Event is deemed to have occurred, the Product Formula used to determine the Early 
Settlement Price equals a predetermined value. 
 
Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final Settlement 
Price in respect of this Product depends on the realisation of one among tw o possible scenarios: 
 
The occurrence of these scenarios is subject to the occurrence or not of a Low  Barrier Knock-In Event. 
 
The Product Formula equals a predetermined value increased, as the case may be, by the value of the relevant 
ReferenceFormula applied to the Underlying(s) of the Product minus a strike level, w hich may be subject to a floor 
and / or a cap and /or w ith a leverage factor. 
3.3.14.2 Event-linked Early Expiration: Applicable 
Early Settlement Price(i) = Notional Amount x Product Formula(i) 
Product Formula(i) = BaseSettlementLevel_ESP(i) + Payout_ESP(i) 
3.3.14.3 Final Settlement Price: 
Scenario 1: 
If a Low  Barrier Knock-In Event has not occurred, then: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_1 + Max(Bonus; Min(Cap_1 ; Participation_1 x (ReferenceFormula_Final_1(T) – 
Strike_1))) 
Scenario 2: 
If a Low  Barrier Knock-In Event has occurred, then: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_2 + Min(Cap_2 ; Participation_2 x (ReferenceFormula_Final_2(T) – Strike_2)) 
3.3.14.4 Specific Definition(s): 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more of the definitions mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 and 
Conditions 3.3.0.4 to 3.3.0.7 above

--- Page 408 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
408 
 
3.3.14.5 Variable Data: 
BaseSettlementLevel_ESP; 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_1; 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_2; 
Payout_ESP; 
Bonus; Participation_1; 
Participation_2; Strike_1; Strike_2; Cap_1; Cap_2 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
3.3.14.6 Reference Formula(e): 
ReferenceFormula_Final_1; ReferenceFormula_Final_2 
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4 below , the ones mainly used for these Products are (but w ithout limitation):  
For Warrants indexed on one Underlying: 
Level (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of "SimpleLevel") 
For Warrants indexed on more than one Underlying: 
BasketLevel (as defined under Condition 4.3 of the Family of "BasketLevel") 
WorstLevel (as defined under Condition 4.6 of the Family of "WorstLevel") 
3.3.15 
Bonus Flex 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.3.15, the follow ing applies: 
3.3.15.1 Product Description: 
 
This Product may be subject to Event-linked Early Expiration: 
 
If an Early Expiration Event is deemed to have occurred, the Product Formula used to determine the Early 
Settlement Price equals a predetermined value. 
 
Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final Settlement 
Price in respect of this Product depends on the realisation of one among three possible scenarios: 
 
The occurrence of these scenarios is subject to the occurrence or not of a [High] [Low ] Barrier Knock-In Event and 
of a Second [High] [Low ] Barrier Knock-In Event. 
 
The Product Formula equals a predetermined value increased, as the case may be, by the value of the relevant 
ReferenceFormula applied to the Underlying(s) of the Product minus a strike level, w hich may be subject to a floor 
and / or a cap and /or w ith a leverage factor. 
3.3.15.2 Event-linked Early Expiration: Applicable 
Early Settlement Price(i) = Notional Amount x Product Formula(i) 
Product Formula(i) = BaseSettlementLevel_ESP(i) + Payout_ESP(i) 
3.3.15.3 Final Settlement Price: 
Scenario 1: 
If a [Low  Barrier Knock-In Event] [High Barrier Knock-In Event] has not occurred, then: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T)

--- Page 409 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
409 
 
Product 
Formula(T) 
= 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_1 
+ 
Max(HighBonus 
; 
Min(Cap_1 
; 
Participation_1 
x 
(ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RV D(T)) – Strike_1))) 
Scenario 2: 
If a [Low  Barrier Knock-In Event] [High Barrier Knock-In Event] has occurred and a [Second Low  Barrier Knock-In Event] [Second 
High Barrier Knock-In Event] has not occurred, then: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
Product 
Formula(T) 
= 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_2 
+ 
Max(Low Bonus; 
Min(Cap_2 
; 
Participation_2 
x 
(ReferenceFormula_Final_2(RV D(T)) – Strike_2))) 
Scenario 3: 
If a [Low  Barrier Knock-In Event] [High Barrier Knock-In Event] has occurred and a [Second Low  Barrier Knock-In Event] [Second 
High Barrier Knock-In Event] has occurred, then: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_3 
+ Min(Cap_3 
; Participation_3 
x (ReferenceFormula_Final_3(RV D(T)) 
– 
Strike_3)) 
3.3.15.4 Specific Definition(s): 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate either, as the case may be, one or more of the definitions mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 and 
Conditions 3.3.0.4 to 3.3.0.7 above. 
3.3.15.5 Variable Data: 
BaseSettlementLevel_ESP; 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_1; 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_2; 
BaseSettlementLevel_FS P_3 ; 
Payout_ESP; HighBonus; Participation_1; Participation_2; Participation_3; Strike_1; Strike_2; Strike_3; Cap_1; Cap_2; Cap_3; 
Low Bonus 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
3.3.15.6 Reference Formula(e): 
ReferenceFormula_Final_1; ReferenceFormula_Final_2; ReferenceFormula_Final_3 
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4 below , the ones mainly used for these Products are (but w ithout limitation):  
For Warrants indexed on one Underlying: 
Level (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of "SimpleLevel") 
For Warrants indexed on more than one Underlying: 
BasketLevel (as defined under Condition 4.3 of the Family of "BasketLevel") 
WorstLevel (as defined under Condition 4.6 of the Family of "WorstLevel")

--- Page 410 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
410 
 
3.3.16 
Reserved 
3.3.17 
Reserved 
3.3.18 
Reserved 
3.3.19 
In-Line 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.3.19, the follow ing applies: 
3.3.19.1 Product Description: 
 
This Product may be subject to Event-linked Early Expiration. 
 
If an Early Expiration Event is deemed to have occurred, the Product Formula used to determine the Early 
Settlement Price equals a predetermined value. 
 
Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final Settlement 
Price in respect of this Product depends on the realisation of one among tw o possible scenarios: 
 
The occurrence of these scenarios depends on the occurrence or not of a Low  Barrier Knock-In Event or of a High 
Barrier Knock-In Event. 
 
The Product Formula equals a predetermined value. 
3.3.19.2 Event-linked Early Expiration: Applicable 
Early Settlement Price(i) = Notional Amount x Product Formula(i) 
Product Formula(i) = BaseSettlementLevel_ESP(i) + Payout_ESP(i) 
3.3.19.3 Final Settlement Price: 
Scenario 1: 
If a Low  Barrier Knock-In Event has not occurred and a High Barrier Knock-In Event has not occurred, then: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_1 + Bonus 
Scenario 2: 
If a Low  Barrier Knock-In Event has occurred or a High Barrier Knock-In Event has occurred, then: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_2 
3.3.19.4 Specific Definition(s): 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more of the definitions described in Conditions 3.3.0.4 to 3.3.0.7 
above. 
3.3.19.5 Variable Data: 
BaseSettlementLevel_ESP; BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_1; BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_2; Bonus; Payout_ESP

--- Page 411 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
411 
 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
3.3.19.6 Reference Formula(e): 
Not applicable 
3.3.20 
Reserved 
3.3.21 
Sprint & Outperformance 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.3.21, the follow ing applies: 
3.3.21.1 Product Description: 
 
This Product may be subject to Event-linked Early Expiration: 
 
If an Early Expiration Event is deemed to have occurred, the Product Formula used to determine the Early 
Settlement Price equals a predetermined value. 
 
Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final Settlement 
Price in respect of this Product depends on the realisation of one among tw o (or three, depending on the Option selected) 
scenarios: 
 
The occurrence of these scenarios depends on (i) the value of the relevant ReferenceFormula applied to the 
Underlying(s) of the Product compared to a Barrier and (ii) (if applicable) w hether or not a Low  Barrier Knock-In 
Event occurs or a European Knock-In Event. 
 
The Product Formula equals a predetermined value increased, as the case may be, by the value of the relevant 
ReferenceFormula minus a strike level, w hich may be subject to cap and / or w ith a leverage factor. 
3.3.21.2 Event-linked Early Expiration: Applicable 
Early Settlement Price(i) = Notional Amount x Product Formula(i) 
Product Formula(i) = BaseSettlementLevel_ESP(i) + Payout_ESP(i) 
3.3.21.3 Final Settlement Price: 
Scenario 1: 
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final(RV D(T)) is [higher] [low er] than [or equal to] Barrier, then: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_1 + Min(Cap ; Participation_1 x (ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RV D(T)) – Strike_1)) 
Final Settlement Price – Option A: 
Scenario 2: 
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final(RV D(T)) is [low er] [higher] than [or equal to] Barrier and a [Low  Barrier Knock-In 
Event] [European Knock-In Event] has not occurred, then: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_2

--- Page 412 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
412 
 
Scenario 3: 
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final(RV D(T)) is [low er] [higher] than [or equal to] Barrier and a [Low  Barrier Knock-In 
Event] [European Knock-In Event] has occurred, then: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_3 + Participation_3 x (ReferenceFormula_Final_2(RV D(T)) – Strike_2) 
Final Settlement Price – Option B: 
Scenario 2: 
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final(RV D(T)) is [low er] [higher] than [or equal to] Barrier, then: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_2 + Participation_2 x (ReferenceFormula_Final_2(RV D(T)) – Strike_2) 
3.3.21.4 Specific Definition(s): 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more of the definitions mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 and 
Conditions 3.3.0.4 to 3.3.0.7 above. 
3.3.21.5 Variable Data: 
BaseSettlementLevel_ESP; 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_1; 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_2; 
BaseSettlementLevel_FS P_3 ; 
Payout_ESP; Barrier; Strike_1; Strike_2; Participation_1; Participation_2; Participation_3; Cap 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
3.3.21.6 Reference Formula(e): 
ReferenceFormula_Final 
ReferenceFormula_Final_1; ReferenceFormula_Final_2 
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4 below , the ones mainly used for these Products are (but w ithout limitation): 
For Warrants indexed on one Underlying: 
Level (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of "SimpleLevel") 
For Warrants indexed on more than one Underlying: 
BasketLevel (as defined under Condition 4.3 of the Family of "BasketLevel") 
WorstLevel (as defined under Condition 4.6 of the Family of "WorstLevel") 
3.3.22 
Reserved 
3.3.23 
Reverse Capped Bonus 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.3.23, the follow ing applies:

--- Page 413 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
413 
 
3.3.23.1 Product Description: 
 
This Product may be subject to Event-linked Early Expiration: 
 
If an Early Expiration Event is deemed to have occurred, the Product Formula used to determine the Early 
Settlement Price equals a predetermined value. 
 
Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final Settlement 
Price in respect of this Product depends on the realisation of one among tw o possible scenarios: 
 
The occurrence of these scenarios is subject to the occurrence or not of a High Barrier Knock-In Event. 
 
The Product Formula equals a predetermined value increased, as the case may be, by a strike level minus the 
value of the relevant ReferenceFormula applied to the Underlying(s) of the Product, w hich may be subject to a floor 
and /or a cap and / or w ith a leverage factor. 
3.3.23.2 Event-linked Early Expiration: Applicable 
Early Settlement Price(i) = Notional Amount x Product Formula(i) 
Product Formula(i) = BaseSettlementLevel_ESP(i) + Payout_ESP(i) 
3.3.23.3 Final Settlement Price: 
Scenario 1: 
If a [High Barrier Knock-In Event] [European Knock-In Event] has not occurred, then: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
Product 
Formula(T) 
= 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_1 
+ 
Max(Bonus 
; 
Min(Cap_1 
; 
Participation_1 
x 
(Strike_1 
– 
ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RV D(T))))) 
Scenario 2: 
If a [High Barrier Knock-In Event] [European Knock-In Event] has occurred, then: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
Product 
Formula(T) 
= 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_2 
+ 
Max(Floor 
; 
Min(Cap_2 
; 
Participation_2 
x 
(Strike_2 
– 
ReferenceFormula_Final_2(RV D(T))))) 
3.3.23.4 Specific Definition(s): 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more of the definitions mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 and 
Conditions 3.3.0.4 to 3.3.0.7 above. 
3.3.23.5 Variable Data: 
BaseSettlementLevel_ESP; 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_1; 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_2; 
Payout_ESP; 
Bonus; Participation_1; 
Participation_2; Strike_1; Strike_2; Cap_1; Cap_2; Floor 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
3.3.23.6 Reference Formula(e): 
ReferenceFormula_Final_1; ReferenceFormula_Final_2

--- Page 414 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
414 
 
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4 below , the ones mainly used for these Products are (but w ithout limitation):  
For Warrants indexed on one Underlying: 
Level (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of "SimpleLevel") 
For Warrants indexed on more than one Underlying: 
BasketLevel (as defined under Condition 4.3 of the Family of "BasketLevel") 
BestLevel (as defined under Condition 4.5 of the Family of "BestLevel") 
3.3.24 
Reserved 
3.3.25 
Reverse Sprint & Reverse Outperformance 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.3.25, the follow ing applies: 
3.3.25.1 Product Description: 
 
This Product may be subject to Event-linked Early Expiration: 
 
If an Early Expiration Event is deemed to have occurred, the Product Formula used to determine the Early 
Settlement Price equals a predetermined value. 
 
Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final Settlement 
Price in respect of this Product depends on the realisation of one among tw o (or three, depending on the Option selected) 
scenarios: 
 
The occurrence of these scenarios depends on (i) the value of the relevant ReferenceFormula applied to the 
Underlying(s) of the Product and of its position compared to a Barrier and (ii) ) (if applicable) w hether or not a 
HighBarrier Knock-In Event occurs. 
 
The Product Formula is equal, depending upon the scenario occurring, to a predetermined value increased, as the 
case may be, by a strike level minus the value of the ReferenceFormula considered, w hich may be subject to a 
floor and / or a cap and / or w ith a leverage factor. 
3.3.25.2 Event-linked Early Expiration: Applicable 
Early Settlement Price(i) = Notional Amount x Product Formula(i) 
Product Formula(i) = BaseSettlementLevel_ESP(i) + Payout_ESP(i) 
3.3.25.3 Final Settlement Price: 
Scenario 1: 
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final(RV D(T)) is [low er] [higher] than [or equal to] Barrier, then: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_1 + Min(Cap ; Participation_1 x (Strike_1 – ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RV D(T)))) 
Final Settlement Price – Option A: 
Scenario 2:

--- Page 415 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
415 
 
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final(RV D(T)) is [higher] [low er] than [or equal to] Barrier and a High Barrier Knock-In 
Event has not occurred, then: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_2 
Scenario 3: 
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final(RV D(T)) is [higher] [low er] than [or equal to] Barrier and a High Barrier Knock-In 
Event has occurred, then: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_3 + Max(Floor ; Participation_2 x (Strike_2 – ReferenceFormula_Final_2(RV D(T))))  
Final Settlement Price – Option B: 
Scenario 2: 
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final(RV D(T)) is [higher] [low er] than [or equal to] Barrier, then: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_2 + Max(Floor ; Strike_2 – ReferenceFormula_Final_2(RV D(T))) 
3.3.25.4 Specific Definition(s): 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more of the definitions mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 and 
Conditions 3.3.0.4 to 3.3.0.7 above. 
3.3.25.5 Variable Data: 
BaseSettlementLevel_ESP; 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_1; 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_2; 
BaseSettlementLevel_FS P_3 ; 
Payout_ESP; Floor; Barrier; Strike_1; Strike_2; Participation_1; Participation_2; Cap 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
3.3.25.6 Reference Formula(e): 
ReferenceFormula_Final; ReferenceFormula_Final_1; ReferenceFormula_Final_2 
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4 below , the ones mainly used for these Products are (but w ithout limitation): 
For Warrants indexed on one Underlying: 
Level (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of "SimpleLevel") 
For Warrants indexed on more than one Underlying: 
BasketLevel (as defined under Condition 4.3 of the Family of "BasketLevel") 
BestLevel (as defined under Condition 4.5 of the Family of "BestLevel")

--- Page 416 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
416 
 
3.3.26 
Reserved 
3.3.27 
Digital Range 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.3.27, the follow ing applies: 
3.3.27.1 Product Description: 
 
This Product may be subject to Event-linked Early Expiration: 
 
If an Early Expiration Event is deemed to have occurred, the Product Formula used to determine the Early 
Settlement Price equals a predetermined value. 
 
Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final Settlement 
Price in respect of this Product depends on the realisation of one among five possible scenarios: 
 
The occurrence of these scenarios depends on the occurrence or not of (i) a Low Barrier Knock-In Event and of (ii) 
a HighBarrier Knock-In Event and upon (iii) the date the HighBarrier Knock-in Event occurs compared to the 
Low Barrier Knock-in Event. 
 
The Product Formula is equal, depending upon the scenario occurring, to a predetermined value increased, as the 
case may be, by the value of the ReferenceFormula considered and applied to the Underlying(s) minus a strike 
level, w hich may be subject to a floor and/or a cap and/or w ith a leverage factor. 
3.3.27.2 Event-linked Early Expiration: Applicable 
Early Settlement Price(i) = Notional Amount x Product Formula(i) 
Product Formula(i) = BaseSettlementLevel_ESP(i) + Payout_ESP(i) 
3.3.27.3 Final Settlement Price: 
Scenario 1: 
If a Low  Barrier Knock-In Event has not occurred and a High Barrier Knock-In Event has not occurred, then: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_1 + Bonus 
Scenario 2: 
If a Low  Barrier Knock-In Event has occurred and a High Barrier Knock-In Event has not occurred, then: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_2 + Min(UpCap_1 ; CallParticipation_1 x (ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RVD(T)) – 
StrikeCall_1)) 
Scenario 3: 
If a Low  Barrier Knock-In Event has occurred and a High Barrier Knock-In Event has occurred and the Low BarrierEventDate is before 
the HighBarrierEventDate, then: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T)

--- Page 417 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
417 
 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_3 + Min(UpCap_2 ; CallParticipation_2 x (ReferenceFormula_Final_2(RVD(T)) – 
StrikeCall_2)) 
Scenario 4: 
If a High Barrier Knock-In Event has occurred and a Low  Barrier Knock-In Event has occurred and the HighBarrierEventDate is before 
the Low BarrierEventDate, then: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_4 
+ Min(Dow nCap_1 ; Max(Floor_1 ; PutParticipation_1 
x (StrikePut_1 
– 
ReferenceFormula_Final_3(RV D(T))))) 
Scenario 5: 
If a High Barrier Knock-In Event has occurred and a Low  Barrier Knock-In Event has not occurred, then: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
Product 
Formula(T) 
= 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_5 
+ 
Max(Floor_2 
; 
PutParticipation_2 
x 
(StrikePut_2 
– 
ReferenceFormula_Final_4(RV D(T)))) 
3.3.27.4 Specific Definition(s): 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more of the definitions mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 and 
Conditions 3.3.0.4 to 3.3.0.7 above. 
3.3.27.5 Variable Data: 
BaseSettlementLevel_ESP; 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_1; 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_2; 
BaseSettlementLevel_FS P_3 ; 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_4; BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_5; 
Payout_ESP; 
Bonus; UpCap_1 ; CallParticipation_1; StrikeCall_1; 
Dow nCap_1; 
Floor_1; 
PutParticipation_1; 
StrikePut_1; 
UpCap_2; 
CallParticipation_2; 
StrikeCall_2; 
Dow nCap_2; Floor_2; 
PutParticipation_2; StrikePut_2 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
3.3.27.6 Reference Formula(e): 
ReferenceFormula_Final_1; ReferenceFormula_Final_2; ReferenceFormula_Final_3; ReferenceFormula_Final_4 
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4 below , the ones mainly used for these Products are (but w ithout limitation): 
For Warrants indexed on one Underlying: 
Level (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of "SimpleLevel") 
For Warrants indexed on more than one Underlying: 
BasketLevel (as defined under Condition 4.3 of the Family of "BasketLevel") 
WorstLevel (as defined under Condition 4.6 of the Family of "WorstLevel") 
BestLevel (as defined under Condition 4.5 of the Family of "BestLevel")

--- Page 418 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
418 
 
3.3.28 
Reserved 
3.3.29 
Reserved 
3.3.30 
Equity Protection 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.3.29, the follow ing applies: 
3.3.30.1 Product Description: 
 
This Product may be subject to Event-linked Early Expiration. 
 
If an Early Expiration Event is deemed to have occurred, the Product Formula used to determine the Early 
Settlement Price equals a predetermined value. 
 
Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final Settlement 
Price in respect of this Product depends on the realisation of one among three possible scenarios: 
 
The occurrence of these scenarios depends on (i) the value of the relevant ReferenceFormula applied to the 
Underlying(s) of the Product and of its position compared to a Barrier and of (ii) w hether or not a Low Barrier Knock-In 
Event occurs. 
 
The Product Formula is equal, depending upon the scenario occurring, to a predetermined value increased, as the 
case may be, by the value of the ReferenceFormula considered minus a strike level, w hich may be subject to a cap 
and/or w ith a leverage factor. 
3.3.30.2 Event-linked Early Expiration: Applicable 
Early Settlement Price(i) = Notional Amount x Product Formula(i) 
Product Formula(i) = BaseSettlementLevel_ESP(i) + Payout_ESP(i) 
3.3.30.3 Final Settlement Price: 
Scenario 1: 
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final(RV D(T)) is [higher] [low er] than [or equal to] Barrier, then: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_1 + Min(Cap ; Participation_1 x (ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RV D(T)) – Strike_1)) 
Scenario 2: 
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T)) is [low er] [higher] than [or equal to] Barrier and a Low  Barrier Knock-In 
Event has not occurred, then: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_2 + Participation_2 x (ReferenceFormula_Final_2(RV D(T)) – Strike_2) 
Scenario 3: 
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T)) is [low er] [higher] than [or equal to] Barrier and a Low  Barrier Knock-In 
Event has occurred, then: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T)

--- Page 419 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
419 
 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_3 + Floor 
3.3.30.4 Specific Definition(s): 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more of the definitions mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 and 
Conditions 3.3.0.4 to 3.3.0.7 above. 
3.3.30.5 Variable Data: 
BaseSettlementLevel_ESP; 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_1; 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_2; 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_3; 
Cap; 
Payout_ESP; Participation_1; Participation_2; Barrier; Strike_1; Strike_2; Floor 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
3.3.30.6 Reference Formula(e): 
ReferenceFormula_Final 
ReferenceFormula_Final_1 
ReferenceFormula_Final_2 
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4 below , the ones mainly used for these Products are (but w ithout limitation): 
For Warrants indexed on one Underlying: 
Level (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of "SimpleLevel") 
For Warrants indexed on more than one Underlying: 
BasketLevel (as defined under Condition 4.3 of the Family of "BasketLevel") 
WorstLevel (as defined under Condition 4.6 of the Family of "WorstLevel") 
3.3.31 
Reverse Equity Protection 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.3.31, the follow ing applies: 
3.3.31.1 Product Description: 
 
This Product may be subject to Event-linked Early Expiration: 
 
If an Early Expiration Event is deemed to have occurred, the Product Formula used to determine the Early 
Settlement Price equals a predetermined value. 
 
Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final Settlement 
Price in respect of this Product depends on the realisation of one among three possible scenarios: 
 
The occurrence of these scenarios depends on (i) the value of the relevant ReferenceFormula applied to the 
Underlying(s) of the Product and of its position compared to a Barrier and of (ii) w hether or not a HighBarrier 
Knock-In Event occurs. 
 
The Product Formula is equal, depending upon the scenario occurring, to a predetermined value increased, as the 
case may be, by the value of the ReferenceFormula considered minus a strike level, w hich may be subject to a cap 
and / or w ith a leverage factor.

--- Page 420 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
420 
 
3.3.31.2 Event-linked Early Expiration: Applicable 
Early Settlement Price(i) = Notional Amount x Product Formula(i) 
Product Formula(i) = BaseSettlementLevel_ESP(i) + Payout_ESP(i) 
3.3.31.3 Final Settlement Price: 
Scenario 1: 
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final(RV D(T)) is [low er] [higher] than [or equal to] Barrier, then: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_1 + Min(Cap ; Participation_1 x (Strike_1 – ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RV D(T)))) 
Scenario 2: 
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final(RV D(T)) is [higher] [low er] than [or equal to] Barrier and a High Barrier Knock-In 
Event has not occurred, then: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_2 + Participation_2 x (Strike_2 – ReferenceFormula_Final_2(RV D(T))) 
Scenario 3: 
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final(RV D(T)) is [higher] [low er] than [or equal to] Barrier and a High Barrier Knock-In 
Event has occurred, then: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_3 + Floor 
3.3.31.4 Specific Definition(s): 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more of the definitions mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 and 
Conditions 3.3.0.4 to 3.3.0.7 above. 
3.3.31.5 Variable Data: 
BaseSettlementLevel_ESP; 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_1; 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_2; 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_3; 
Cap; 
Payout_ESP; Participation_1; Participation_2; Barrier; Strike_1; Strike_2; Floor 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
3.3.31.6 Reference Formula(e): 
ReferenceFormula_Final; ReferenceFormula_Final_1; ReferenceFormula_Final_2 
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4 below , the ones mainly used for these Products are (but w ithout limitation):  
For Warrants indexed on one Underlying: 
Level (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of "SimpleLevel") 
For Warrants indexed on more than one Underlying:

--- Page 421 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
421 
 
BasketLevel (as defined under Condition 4.3 of the Family of "BasketLevel") 
BestLevel (as defined under Condition 4.5 of the Family of "BestLevel") 
3.3.32 
Reserved 
3.4 
Reserved 
3.5 
FAMILY OF PRODUCTS "ACCUMULATOR AND CLIQUET" 
Set out below , the list of Products of the Family of Products "Accumulator and Cliquet", the Reference of  the Product of w hich is 
mentioned in the table below  and w ill be indicated in the applicable Final Terms in the clause "Reference of the Product": 
 
Reference of the Product 
Product 
3.5.1 
Reserved 
3.5.2 
Reserved 
3.5.3 
Reserved 
3.5.4 
Best Entry 
Description of how the value of the relevant Warrants can be affected by the value of the Underlying(s)  
The Family "Accumulator and Cliquet" comprises Products w hich provide exposure to the performance of an Underlying or a Baske t 
or one or several Underlying(s) w ithin a Basket, w here the Product Amount(s) are determined based on an accumulation (either 
additive or multiplicative) of performances of the Underlying or Basket or one or several Underlying(s) w ithin a Basket over several 
consecutive periods (performances being usually restriked at the beginning of each period). Performances of the Underlying or Basket 
or one or several Underlying(s) w ithin a Basket can be w eighted, leveraged, averaged, locked, floored and/or capped. 
3.5.1 
Reserved 
3.5.2 
Reserved 
3.5.3 
Reserved 
3.5.4 
Best Entry 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.5.4, the follow ing applies: 
3.5.4.1 Product Description: 
 
There is no Event-linked Early Expiration under this Product. 
 
Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final Settlement 
Price in respect of this Product depends upon the scenario occurring among the only 1 (or 2 depending upon the Option 
selected) possible. 
 
When relevant, the occurrence of these scenarios depends upon the value of the w eighted average of the relevant 
ReferenceFormula applied to the Underlying(s) of the Product and the sum of each value of BestEntryLevel, 
compared to a Barrier.

--- Page 422 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
422 
 
 
The Final Settlement Price equals a predetermined value increased as the case may be by the value of the w eighted 
average of the relevant ReferenceFormula applied to the Underlying(s) of the Product and the sum of each value 
of BestEntryLevel, w hich may be subject to a floor and / or a cap. 
3.5.4.2 Event-linked Early Expiration: Not Applicable 
3.5.4.3 Final Settlement Price: 
Final Settlement Price – Option A: Certificate 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP + Max(FinalFloor ; Min(FinalCap ; Weight_1 x ReferenceFormula_Final(RV D(T)) + 
[Sum (for n from 1 to LockNumber)] Weight_2(n) x BestEntry[Basket]Level(n,RVD(T)))) 
Final Settlement Price – Option B: Simplified Best Entry 
Scenario 1: 
If on Valuation Date(T), the Lock-In Event(n) has not occurred, then: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
Product 
Formula(T) 
= 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_1 
+ 
Max(FinalFloor_1 
; 
Min(FinalCap_1 
; 
Weight_1 
x 
ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T)))) 
Scenario 2: 
If on Valuation Date(T), the Lock-In Event(n) has occurred, then: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_2 + Max(FinalFloor_2 ; Min(FinalCap_2 ; BestEntry[Basket]Level(n,RV D(T)))) 
Final Settlement Price – Option C: Digital 
Scenario 1: 
If on Valuation Date(T), Weight_1 x ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T)) + [Sum (for n from 1 to LockNumber)] Weight_2(n) x 
BestEntry[Basket]Level(n,RVD(T)) is [higher] [low er] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier, then: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
Product 
Formula(T) 
= 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_1 
+ 
Max(FinalFloor_1 
; 
Min(FinalCap_1 
; 
Weight_1 
x 
ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T)) + [Sum (for n from 1 to LockNumber)] Weight_2(n) x BestEntry[Basket]Level(n,RV D(T)))) 
Scenario 2: 
If on Valuation Date(T), Weight_1 x ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T)) + [Sum (for n from 1 to LockNumber)] Weight_2(n) x 
BestEntry[Basket]Level(n,RVD(T)) is [higher] [low er] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier, then: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
Product 
Formula(T) 
= 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_2 
+ 
Max(FinalFloor_2 
; 
Min(FinalCap_2 
; 
Weight_1 
x 
ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T)) + [Sum (for n from 1 to LockNumber)] Weight_2(n) x BestEntry[Basket]Level(n,RV D(T))))

--- Page 423 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
423 
 
3.5.4.4 Specific Definitions: 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more definitions mentioned below  if relevant : 
Lock-In Event(n) is deemed to have occurred, as determined by the Calculation Agent, if on any Reference Date(s)(t), for the first 
time, [ReferenceFormula_Lock-In(t)] [the Closing of the Underlying] is [higher] [low er] than [or equal to] the LockInBarrier(n). 
[Option A: Mono-Underlying 
BestEntryLevel(n, i) means, in respect of [each] [the] Lock-In Event(n): 
 
if Lock-In Event(n) has occurred: 
BestEntryLevel(n, i) = S(i) / BestEntryStrike(n). 
 
If Lock-In Event(n) has not occurred: 
BestEntryLevel(n, i) = 100%. 
BestEntryStrike(n) means, [in respect of [each] [the] Lock-In Event(n) w hich has occurred, the Minimum of the Closing Prices of the 
Underlying observed on each Daily Valuation Date(i) from and excluding the Valuation Date(i) immediately preceding the Lock-In 
Valuation Date(n) to and including the Lock-In Valuation Date(n)] [the Closing of the Underlying on Reference Date(s)(t0)] 
[LockInBarrier(n)] [LockInBarrier(n) x S(0)].] 
[Option B: Multi-Underlyings 
BestEntryBasketLevel(n, i) means the Sum, for k from 1 to N, of the Product of W(i, k) and BestEntryLevel(n, i, k).  
BestEntryLevel(n, i, k) means, in respect of [each][the] Lock-In Event(n): 
 
If Lock-In Event(n) has occurred: 
BestEntryLevel(n, i, k) = S(i, k) / BestEntryStrike(n, k) 
 
If Lock-In Event(n) has not occurred: 
BestEntryLevel(n, i, k) = 100%. 
BestEntryStrike(n, k) means, [in respect of [each] [the] Lock-In Event(n) w hich has occurred, the Closing Price of the Underlying(k) 
observed on the specific Daily Valuation Date(i) on w hich ReferenceFormula_Lock-In(RV D(i)) reached its [low est][highest] level from 
and excluding the Valuation Date(i) immediately preceding the Lock-In Valuation Date(n) to and including the Lock-In Valuation 
Date(n).] [the Closing Price of the Underlying(k) on Reference Date(s)(t0)] [LockInBarrier(n)] [LockInBarrier(n) x S(0,k)].] 
Definitions relating to date(s) 
For the purpose of this section, unless specified otherw ise in the applicable Final Terms: 
Lock-In Valuation Date(n) means, in respect of [each] [the] Lock-In Event(n), the specific Reference Date(s)(t) on w hich such Lock-In 
Event(n) has occurred. 
Reference Date(s)(t) means: 
 
[Valuation Date(i)] or 
 
[Daily Valuation Date(i)] or 
 
[the date(t) as defined in the applicable Final Terms]

--- Page 424 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
424 
 
Reference Date(s)(t0) means: 
 
[Valuation Date(t0)] or 
 
[Lock-In Valuation Date(n)] or 
 
[the date(t0) as defined in the applicable Final Terms] 
3.5.4.5 Variable Data: 
LockNumber; 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP; 
FinalFloor; 
FinalCap; 
Weight_1; 
Weight_2; 
Barrier_1; 
Barrier_2; 
FinalBarrier; 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_1; BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_2; FinalFloor; FinalFloor_1; FinalFloor_2; FinalCap _1; FinalCap_2; 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
3.5.4.6 Reference Formula(e): 
ReferenceFormula_Final; ReferenceFormula_Lock-In 
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4, the ones mainly used for these Products are (but 
w ithout limitation): 
For Warrants indexed on one Underlying: 
Level (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of "SimpleLevel") 
For Warrants indexed on more than one Underlying: 
BasketLevel (as defined under Condition 4.3 of the Family of "Basket Level") 
WorstLevel (as defined under Condition 4.6 of the Family of "WorstLevel") 
S(i) is defined under Condition 4 relating to the definition of S, SI and FxRate. 
3.6 
FAMILY OF PRODUCTS "MULTI-UNDERLYING" 
Set out below  the list of Products of the Family of Products "Multi-Underlying", the Reference of the Product of w hich is mentioned in 
the table below  and w ill be indicated in the applicable Final Terms in the clause "Reference of the Product": 
 
Reference of the Product 
Product  
3.6.1 
Reserved 
3.6.2 
Reserved 
3.6.3 
Palladium 
3.6.4 
Reserved 
3.6.5 
Polar

--- Page 425 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
425 
 
Description of how the value of the relevant Warrants can be affected by the value of the Underlying(s) 
The Family "MULTI-UNDERLY ING" comprises Products w hich provide exposure to the positive or negative performance of several 
Underlyings composing the Basket, w here the Product Amount(s) is(are) are determined based on the individual performance or level 
of each Underlying, provided that this individual performance or level can be w eighted, leveraged, averaged, locked, floored and/or 
capped. Composition of the Basket can be altered over time depending on the individual performance or level of the Underlyings. 
Performance of the Underlyings or Basket or one or several Underlying(s) w ithin a Basket can be w eighted, leveraged, averaged, 
locked, floored and/or capped. 
3.6.1 
Reserved 
3.6.2 
Reserved 
3.6.3 
Palladium 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.6.3, the follow ing applies: 
3.6.3.1 Product Description: 
 
There is no Event-linked Early Expiration under this Product. 
 
Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final Settlement 
Price in respect of this Product is equal to a predetermined value increased, as the case may be, by the value of the 
PalladiumLevel minus a strike level, w hich may be subject to a floor and / or a cap and / or w ith a leverage factor. 
3.6.3.2 Event-linked Early Expiration: Not applicable 
3.6.3.3 Final Settlement Price: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount × Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel + Min(Cap ; Max(Floor ; LeverageFactor x (PalladiumLevel(RV D(T)) – Strike))) 
3.6.3.4 Specific Definition(s): 
PalladiumLevel(i) = (1/N) x Sum( for k from 1 to N) [Abs(Level(i,k) – (1/N) x Sum( for s from 1 to N) Level(i,s))] 
3.6.3.5 Variable Data: 
BaseSettlementLevel; Cap; Floor; LeverageFactor; Strike 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
3.6.3.6 Reference Formula(e): 
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4 below , the one mainly used for these Products is (but w ithout limitation): 
S (as defined under Condition 4.0 of the Definition of S, SI and FXRate) 
3.6.4 
Reserved 
3.6.5 
Polar 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.6.5, the follow ing applies:

--- Page 426 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
426 
 
3.6.5.1 Product Description: 
 
There is no Event-linked Early Expiration under this Product. 
 
Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final Settlement  
Price in respect of this Product depends on the AveragePolarLevel minus a strike level, w hich may be subject to a floor and 
/ or a cap and / or w ith a leverage factor. 
3.6.5.1.1 Event-linked Early Expiration: Not applicable 
3.6.5.1.2 Final Settlement Price: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
Product 
Formula(T) 
= 
BaseSettlementLevel 
+ 
Min(Cap 
; 
Max(Floor 
; 
LeverageFactor 
x 
(AveragePolarLevel(T,PolarNumber,FrozenLevel)-Strike))) 
3.6.5.2 Specific Definition(s): 
AveragePolarLevel(T, PolarNumber, FrozenLevel) means the Ratio of: 
(a) 
the Sum of: 
(i) 
PolarNumber x FrozenLevel; and 
(ii) 
the Sum for k from 1 to (N-PolarNumber) of RankedLevel(T,k); 
(b) 
and N 
With: 
FrozenLevel means a level w hich serves as reference to freeze the value of certain Underlying(s). 
PolarNumber means the number of Underlying(s) w hich are frozen to the FrozenLevel. 
3.6.5.3 Variable Data: 
BaseSettlementLevel; Cap; Floor; LeverageFactor; Strike 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
PolarNumber; FrozenLevel 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 3.6.5.4 herein. 
3.6.5.4 Reference Formula(e): 
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4 below , the one mainly used for these Products is (but w ithout limitation): 
RankedLevel (as defined under Condition 4.2 of the Family of "RankedLevel") 
3.7 
FAMILY OF PRODUCTS "VOLATILITY" 
Set out below  the list of Products of the Family of Products "Volatility", the Reference of the Product of w hich is mentioned in the table 
below  and w ill be indicated in the applicable Final Terms in the clause "Reference of the Product":

--- Page 427 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
427 
 
Reference of the Product 
Product  
3.7.1 
Variance European Options 
3.7.2 
Reserved 
3.7.3 
Reserved 
3.7.4 
Volatility European Options 
3.7.5 
Reserved 
3.7.6 
Reserved 
3.7.7 
Reserved 
3.7.8 
Reserved 
3.7.9 
Reserved 
3.7.10 
Reserved 
3.7.11 
Reserved 
3.7.12 
Target Volatility 
Description of how the value of the Warrants can be affected by the value of the Underlying(s)  
The Family "VOLATILITY" comprises Products w hich provide exposure to the positive or negative performance of the historical 
variance or historical volatility of an Underlying or a Basket or one or several Underlying(s) w ithin a Basket. Variance and volatility are 
measures of the dispersion of Underlying(s) returns. The Product Amount(s) are determined based on (a) performance or level of the 
Underlying or Basket or one or several Underlying(s) w ithin a Basket, and / or (b) historical variance or historical volatility of the 
Underlying or Basket and / or (c) additional parameters (if relevant). Performance or level or historical variance or historical volatility 
of the Underlying or Basket can be w eighted, leveraged, averaged, locked, floored and/or capped. 
3.7.1 
Variance European Options 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.7.1, the follow ing applies: 
3.7.1.1 Product Description: 
 
There is no Event-linked Early Expiration under this Product. 
 
Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final Settlement 
Price in respect of this Product depends on the realisation of one among tw o possible scenarios and the Option selected: 
 
If the HistoricalVarianceLevel considered is [higher][low er] [than] [or equal to] a Strike, the Product Formula equals 
a predetermined value increased, as the case may be, by the value of the HistoricalVarianceLevel minus the Strike, 
w hich may be subject to a leverage factor. 
 
Otherw ise, the Product Formula equals a predetermined value.

--- Page 428 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
428 
 
3.7.1.2 Event-linked Early Expiration: Not applicable 
3.7.1.3 Final Settlement Price: 
Final Settlement Price – Option A: Variance Call 
Scenario 1: 
If on Valuation Date(T), HistoricalVarianceLevel(T, DetrendFactor) is higher than [or equal to] Strike, then: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_1 + Participation x (HistoricalVarianceLevel(T, DetrendFactor) – FinalStrike) 
Scenario 2: 
If on Valuation Date(T), HistoricalVarianceLevel(T, DetrendFactor) is low er than [or equal to] Strike, then: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_2 
Final Settlement Price – Option B: Variance Put 
Scenario 1: 
If on Valuation Date(T), HistoricalVarianceLevel(T, DetrendFactor) is low er than [or equal to] Strike, then: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_1 + Participation x (FinalStrike – HistoricalVarianceLevel(T, DetrendFactor)) 
Scenario 2: 
If on Valuation Date(T), HistoricalVarianceLevel(T, DetrendFactor) is higher than [or equal to] Strike, then: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_2 
Final Settlement Price – Option C: Variance Digit 
Scenario 1: 
If on Valuation Date(T), HistoricalVarianceLevel(T, DetrendFactor) is higher than [or equal to] Strike, then: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_1 
Scenario 2: 
If on Valuation Date(T), HistoricalVarianceLevel(T, DetrendFactor) is low er than [or equal to] Strike, then: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_2

--- Page 429 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
429 
 
3.7.1.4 Variable Data: 
BaseSettlementLevel; DetrendFactor ; Participation ; Strike; FinalStrike 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
3.7.1.5 Reference Formula(e): 
HistoricalVarianceLevel is defined under Condition 4.23 below of the Family of "VolatilityLevel". 
3.7.2 
Reserved 
 
3.7.3 
Reserved 
 
3.7.4 
Volatility European Options 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.7.4, the follow ing applies: 
3.7.4.1 Product Description: 
 
There is no Event-linked Early Expiration under this Product. 
 
Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final Settlement 
Price in respect of this Product depends on the realisation of one among tw o possible scenarios and the Option selected: 
 
If the ReferenceFormula_VolatilityFinal considered is [higher][low er] [than] [or equal to] a Strike, the Product 
Formula 
equals 
a predetermined 
value 
increased, 
as the 
case may 
be, 
by the value 
of the 
ReferenceFormula_VolatilityFinal minus the Strike, w hich may be subject to a leverage factor. 
 
Otherw ise, the Product Formula equals a predetermined value. 
3.7.4.2 Event-linked Early Expiration: Not applicable 
3.7.4.3 Final Settlement Price: 
Final Settlement Price – Option A: Volatility Call 
Scenario 1: 
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_VolatilityFinal(RV D(T)) is higher than [or equal to] Strike, then: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel + Participation x (ReferenceFormula_VolatilityFinal(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike) 
Scenario 2: 
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_VolatilityFinal(RV D(T)) is low er than [or equal to] Strike, then: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel

--- Page 430 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
430 
 
Final Settlement Price – Option B: Volatility Put 
Scenario 1: 
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_VolatilityFinal(RV D(T)) is low er than [or equal to] Strike, then: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel + Participation x (FinalStrike – ReferenceFormula_VolatilityFinal(RV D(T))) 
Scenario 2: 
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_VolatilityFinal(RV D(T)) is higher than [or equal to] Strike, then: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel 
Final Settlement Price – Option C: Volatility Digit 
Scenario 1: 
If on Valuation Date(T), HistoricalVolatilityLevel(i, DetrendFactor, AnnualObservationNumber) is higher than [or equal to] Strike, then: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_1 + Payout 
Scenario 2: 
If on Valuation Date(T), HistoricalVolatilityLevel(i, DetrendFactor, AnnualObservationNu mber) is low er than [or equal to] Strike then: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_2 
3.7.4.4 Variable Data: 
AnnualObservationNumber ; BaseSettlementLevel;; Participation; Strike; FinalStrike ; DetrendFactor ; Payout 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
3.7.4.5 Reference Formula(e): 
ReferenceFormula_VolatilityFinal 
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4 below , the ones used for these Products are: 
HistoricalVolatilityLevel and RestrikeHistoricalVolatilityLevel (as defined under Condition 4.23 of the Family of "VolatilityLevel")

--- Page 431 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
431 
 
3.7.5 
Reserved 
3.7.6 
Reserved 
3.7.7 
Reserved 
3.7.8 
Reserved 
3.7.9 
Reserved 
3.7.10 
Reserved 
3.7.11 
Reserved 
3.7.12 
Target Volatility 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.7.12 the follow ing disposition applies: 
3.7.12.1 Product Description: 
 
There is no Event-linked Early Expiration under this Product. 
 
Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final Settlement 
Price in respect of this Product is equal a predermined value, increased, as the case may be, by the value of the 
ReferenceFormula_VolatilityStrategyFinal minus a Strike level, w hich may be subject to a floor. 
3.7.12.2 Event-linked Early Expiration: Not applicable 
3.7.12.3 Final Settlement Price: 
Final Settlement Price – Option A: Target Volatility 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel + Participation x Max(Floor; Min(Cap; ReferenceFormula_VolatilityStrategyFinal(RV D(T )) 
– Strike)) 
Final Settlement Price – Option B: Locked Payout Target Volatility 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel + Participation x Max(Floor; Min(Cap;Max(LockedPayout; 
ReferenceFormula_VolatilityStrategyFinal(RV D(T)) – Strike))) 
Where LockedPayout, means INT(MaxTimeVolatilityStrategyPerformance(t1,t2)/LockInLevel) x LockInLevel 
MaxTimeVolatilityStrategyPerformance(t1,t2) is defined under Condition 4 herein. 
3.7.12.4 Variable Data: 
BaseSettlementLevel; Cap; Floor; LockInLevel; Participation; Strike 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
3.7.12.5 Reference Formula(e):

--- Page 432 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
432 
 
ReferenceFormula_VolatilityStrategyFinal 
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4 the ones mainly used for these Products are (but w ithout limitation): 
VolatilityStrategyPerformance(i), AverageTimeVolatilityStrategyPerformance(t1,t2) ( as defined under Condition 4.23 of the Family of 
"VolatilityLevel".) 
3.8 
RESERVED 
3.9 
FAMILY OF PRODUCTS "RATE" 
Set out below  the list of Products of the Family of Products "Rate", the Reference of the Product of w hich is mentioned in the table 
below  and w ill be indicated in the applicable Final Terms in the clause "Reference of the Product". 
 
Reference of the Product 
Product 
3.9.1 
Structured Floating Rate Warrant 
3.9.2 
Reserved 
3.9.3 
Reserved 
3.9.4 
Reserved 
Description of how the value of the relevant Warrants can be affected by the value of the Underlying(s)  
The Family "RATE" comprises Products commonly used to provide exposure to Reference Rate or Inflation Index, provided that other 
Family of Products may be indexed to Reference Rate or Inflation Index. 
3.9.0 
Generic descriptions for Rate Products 
3.9.0.1 Upper Bound Trigger Event 
(a) 
Description: 
Upper Bound Trigger Event is deemed to have occurred, as determined by the Calculation Agent, if on a Valuation Date(i), 
ReferenceFormula_Autocall(i) is higher than [or equal to] AutocallBarrierUpperBound(i). 
(b) 
Variable Data: 
AutocallBarrierUpperBound. 
The Variable Data is defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
(c) 
Reference Formula(e): 
ReferenceFormula_Autocall 
3.9.0.2 Lower Bound Trigger Event 
(a) 
Description: 
Lower Bound Trigger Event is deemed to have occurred, as determined by the Calculation Agent, if on a Valuation Date(i), 
ReferenceFormula_Autocall(i) is low er than [or equal to] AutocallBarrierLow erBound(i). 
(b) 
Variable Data:

--- Page 433 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
433 
 
AutocallBarrierLow erBound. 
The Variable Data is defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
(c) 
Reference Formula(e): 
ReferenceFormula_Autocall 
3.9.0.3 Reserved 
3.9.0.4 Event-linked Early Expirations 
Set out below  a list of different Options relating to the Family of Products "Rate". The clause "Reference of the Product" of the 
applicable Final Terms shall indicate the Option applicable to the Product selected amongst the Options described below , to determine 
the Early Settlement Price. 
OPTION 1: Upper Bound Trigger Event for Event-linked Early Expiration 
If on a Valuation Date(i), an Upper Bound Trigger Event has [not] occurred, then: 
Early Settlement Price(i) = Notional Amount × Product Formula(i) 
Product Formula(i) = BaseSettlementLevel_ESP(i) 
OPTION 2: Lower Bound Trigger Event for Event-linked Early Expiration 
If on a Valuation Date(i), a Low er Bound Trigger Event has [not] occurred, then: 
Early Settlement Price(i) = Notional Amount × Product Formula(i) 
Product Formula(i) = BaseSettlementLevel_ESP(i) 
3.9.1 
Structured Floating Rate Warrant 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.9.1, the follow ing applies: 
3.9.1.1 Product Description: 
 
(subject to the selection of one of the Options described in Condition 3.9.0.4 above) there is no Event-linked Early Expiration 
under this Product. 
 
Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final Settlement 
Price in respect of this Product is equal to a predetermined value. 
3.9.1.2 Early Expiration Event: 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate either "Not applicable" or the Option applicable to the Product amongst the Options 
described in Condition 3.9.0.4 above. 
3.9.1.3 Final Settlement Price: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP 
3.9.1.4 Specific Definition(s):

--- Page 434 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
434 
 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more of the definitions mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 above. 
3.9.1.5 Variable Data: 
BaseSettlementLevel_ESP (w hen applicable) ; BaseSettlementLevel_FSP 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
3.9.1.6 Reference Formula(e): 
ReferenceFormula_Payout 
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4 below, the ones mainly used for these Products are (but without limitation): 
For Warrants indexed on one Underlying: 
Fixing (as defined under Condition 4.25 of the Family of "ReferenceFixings") 
Performance (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of "SimpleLevel") 
RestrikePerformance (as defined under Condition 4.17 of the Family of "RestrikePerformance") 
For Warrants indexed on more than one Underlying: 
BestFixing, WorstFixing, AverageFixing, BasketFixing or SpreadFixing (as defined under Condition 4.25 of the Family of "Reference 
Fixings") 
BasketPerformance or BasketRestrikePerformance (as defined under Condition 4.4 of the Family of "BasketPerformance") 
3.9.2 
Reserved 
3.9.3 
Reserved 
3.9.4 
Reserved 
3.10 
FAMILY OF PRODUCTS "CREDIT OR BOND LINKED" 
Set out below  the list of Products of the Family of Products "Credit or Bond Linked", the Reference of the Product of w hich is mentioned 
in the table below  w ill be indicated in the applicable Final Terms in the clause "Reference of the Product": 
 
Reference of the Product 
Product 
3.10.1 
Credit Linked Products 
3.10.2 
Bond Linked Products 
3.10.3 
Autocall Credit Linked Products 
3.10.4 
Reserved 
3.10.5 
Basket of Tranches Credit Linked Products 
3.10.6 
Evolutive Tranche Credit Linked Products 
3.10.7 
Leveraged Credit Linked Products

--- Page 435 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
435 
 
For each Reference of the Product mentioned in the table above, any parameter or reference from the Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants or from the Additional Terms and Conditions for Bond Linked Warrants, including any parameter 
or reference not relating to a Product Amount, may be enumerated as many times as the context may require. 
The original reference that is enumerated shall be construed as a reference to, and shall apply mutatis mutandis to, each of its 
enumeration, unless the Reference of the Product indicates a definition of the original reference that is enumerated specific  to the 
enumeration and, in such case, the definition of the Reference of the Product shall prevail. 
In case several references from the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants or from the Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Bond Linked Warrants, including any reference not relating to a Product Amount, are enumerated, all the distinct 
references enumerated w ith the same enumeration shall be deemed, mutatis mutandis, to be part of the same set of references and, 
w hen relevant, linked to one another. 
Illustration: 
For the product 3.10.5, Aggregate Loss Amount and Tranche Subordination Amount, non-exhaustively, may be enumerated into, 
respectively: 
Aggregate Loss Amount(1), Aggregate Loss Amount(2) and Aggregate Loss Amount(3); 
Tranche Subordination Amount(1), Tranche Subordination Amount(2) and Tranche Subordination Amount(3); 
The definition of Aggregate Loss Amount shall be construed as a reference to, and shall apply mutatis mutandis to, Aggregate Loss 
Amount(1), Aggregate Loss Amount(2) and Aggregate Loss Amount(3). 
The definition of Tranche Subordination Amount shall be construed as a reference to, and shall apply mutatis mutandis to, Tranche 
Subordination Amount(1), Tranche Subordination Amount(2) and Tranche Subordination Amount(3). 
Aggregate Loss Amount(1) and Tranche Subordination Amount(1) if relevant shall be deemed, mutatis mutandis, to be part of the 
same set of references (i.e. the set of references enumerated w ith the enumeration (1)) and, w hen relevant, linked to one another. 
Aggregate Loss Amount(2) and Tranche Subordination Amount(2) if relevant shall be deemed, mutatis mutandis, to be part of the 
same set of references (i.e. the set of references enumerated w ith the enumeration (2)) and, w hen relevant, linked to one another. 
Aggregate Loss Amount(3) and Tranche Subordination Amount(3) if relevant shall be deemed, mutatis mutandis, to be part of the 
same set of references (i.e. the set of references enumerated w ith the enumeration (3)) and, w hen relevant, linked to one another. 
Description of how the value of the relevant Warrants can be affected by the value of the Underlying(s) 
The Family "CREDIT OR BOND LINKED" comprises Products w hich provide exposure to the credit risk of a Reference Entity or a 
Reference Portfolio comprising several Reference Entities (in respect of Credit Linked Warrants) or a Bond or a Reference Portfolio 
comprising several Bonds (in respect of Bond Linked Warrants) and the financial indebtedness of any such Reference Entity or one 
or several Reference Entity(ies) w ithin the Reference Portfolio (in respect of Credit Linked Warrants), w here the Product Amounts are 
determined according to the occurrence of Credit Event(s) or Bond Event(s) and in the case of the occurrence of Credit Event( s), 
determined by reference to the Credit Event Payment Amount or the Physical Delivery Amount (w ith, if any, the Credit Event Payment 
Amount per Undeliverable Obligations), as applicable, as defined in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked War rants 
or of Bond Event(s), according to the Credit Event Payment Amount as defined in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Bond 
Linked Warrants. In addition, the Autocall Credit Linked Products provide exposure to the positive or negative performance of  a CDS 
Spread, w here the Product Amount(s) are determined based on one or several conditions, one of w hich being typically satisfied if the 
level of the CDS Spread is higher (or low er) than or equal to a pre-defined barrier. 
3.10.1 
Credit Linked Products 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.10.1, the follow ing applies: 
3.10.1.1 Product Description:

--- Page 436 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
436 
 
 
There is no Event-linked Early Expiration under this Product. 
 
Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final Settlement 
Price in respect of this Product is determined according to the occurrence of Credit Event(s). 
3.10.1.2 Event-linked Early Expiration: Not applicable 
3.10.1.3 Final Settlement Price: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel 
[The following paragraphs in square brackets indicate options which may only be applicable to some Issues of Warrants describi ng 
which options in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants apply] 
[If settlement by way of cash: 
[Provided that if one or more Credit Event Determination Date(s) occur(s) (as such term is defined in the Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants), the Issuer w ill, on the Settlement Date, settle each Warrant at the Credit Event Payment 
Amount, subject to provisions of the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants and subject to the Terms and 
Conditions.] 
Credit Event Payment Amount means, 
(i) 
in respect of Single Name Warrants and First-to-Default Warrants that are Long Warrants w here the Principal Credit Factor 
and the Principal Loss Factor are both equal to 100%, an amount, subject to a minimum of zero, equal to the product of the 
Final Value multiplied by the Nominal Amount of each Warrant minus the Unw ind Costs in respect of the Credit Event 
Determination Date; or 
(ii) 
in respect of Single Name Warrants and First-to-Default Warrants that are Long Warrants w here the Principal Credit Factor 
and/or the Principal Loss Factor is different from 100%, an amount, subject to a minimum of zero, equal to the product of (1) 
the Principal Credit Factor and (2) the Nominal Amount of each Warrant minus the product of (a) the Nominal Amount of 
each Warrant, (b) the Principal Loss Factor and (c) the difference betw een the Reference Price and the Final Value, minus 
the Unw ind Costs in respect of the Credit Event Determination Date; or 
(iii) 
in respect of Single Name Warrants and First-to-Default Warrants that are Short Warrants w here the Principal Credit Factor 
and the Principal Loss Factor are both equal to 100%, an amount, subject to a minimum of zero, equal to the difference 
betw een (1) the product of (x) the positive difference betw een the Reference Price and the Final Value (expressed as a 
percentage) and (y) the Nominal Amount of each Warrant and (2) the Unw ind Costs in respect of the Credit Event 
Determination Date; or 
(iv) 
in respect of Single Name Warrants and First-to-Default Warrants that are Short Warrants w here the Principal Credit Factor 
and/or the Principal Loss Factor is different from 100%, an amount, subject to a minimum of zero, equal to the product of (1) 
the Principal Credit Factor and (2) the difference betw een (a) the product of (x) the Principal Loss Factor, (y) the positive  
difference betw een the Reference Price and the Final Value (expressed as a percentage) and (z) the Nominal Amount of 
each Warrant and (b) the Unw ind Costs in respect of the Credit Event Determination Date; or 
(v) 
in respect of Basket Warrants and Tranche Warrants that are Long Warrants w here the Principal Credit Factor and/or the 
Principal Loss Factor are both equal to 100%, an amount, subject to a minimum of zero, equal for each Warrant to (i) the 
Relevant Proportion of the difference betw een the Aggregate Warrant Notional Amount and the Aggregate Loss Amount as 
at the applicable Exercise Date minus (ii) the aggregate of the Unw ind Costs calculated in respect of all Credit Event 
Determination Dates, as at the Expiration Date; or 
(vi) 
in respect of Basket Warrants and Tranche Warrants that are Long Warrants w here the Principal Credit Factor and/or the 
Principal Loss Factor is different from 100%, an amount, subject to a minimum of zero, equal for each Warrant to the product

--- Page 437 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
437 
 
of (i) the Principal Credit Factor and (ii) the difference betw een (x) the Relevant Proportion of the difference betw een the 
Aggregate Warrant Notional Amount and the product of the Principal Loss Factor and the Aggregate Loss Amount as at the 
applicable Exercise Date and (y) the aggregate of the Unw ind Costs calculated in respect of all Credit Event Determination 
Dates, as at the Expiration Date; or 
(vii) 
in respect of Basket Warrants and Tranche Warrants that are Short Warrants, an amount, subject to a minimum of zero, 
equal for each Warrant to (i) the Relevant Proportion of the Aggregate Loss Amount as at the applicable Exercise Date minus 
(ii) the aggregate of the Unw ind Costs calculated in respect of all Credit Event Determination Dates, as at the Expiration 
Date. 
[If Alternative Physical Delivery Amount applies] provided that w here "Alternative Physical Delivery Amount" is specified as applying 
in the applicable Final Terms and the Issuer w ould be required to pay the Credit Event Payment Amount on the Settlement Date 
above, it shall in place of such payment deliver to the Warrantholders the Alternative Physical Delivery Amount subject to provisions 
of the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants and subject to the Terms and Conditions.] 
[If settlement by way of physical delivery only applicable for Single Name Warrants and First-to-Default Warrants: 
provided that if one or more Credit Event Determination Date(s) occur(s) (as such term is defined in the Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants), the Issuer w ill, on the Settlement Date, deliver the Physical Delivery Amount to the 
Warrantholders, subject to provisions of the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants and subject to the Terms 
and Conditions.] 
Credit Linked Physical Delivery Amount means, for each Warrant: 
Specified Deliverable Obligations w ith (a) an Outstanding Principal Balance (w here such Specified Deliverable Obligations are 
Borrow ed Money) or (b) a Due and Payable Amount (w here such Specified Deliverable Obligations are not Borrow ed Money), in eac h 
case determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance w ith the follow ing formula, subject to a minimum of zero: A x (B – C). 
Where: 
A means the Principal Credit Factor; 
B means either (i) the Nominal Amount or (ii) the Partial Cancellation Amount (in the event of a Restructuring as contemplated in 
Condition 1.3 of the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants) or (iii) the Multiple Successor Notional Amount (in 
the circumstances contemplated in Condition 1.4 of the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants); and 
C means an equivalent number of Specified Deliverable Obligations w ith a market value equal to the amount of the Unw ind Costs. 
3.10.1.4 Variable Data: 
BaseSettlementLevel 
This Variable Data is defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
3.10.2 
Bond Linked Products 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.10.2, the follow ing applies: 
3.10.2.1 Product Description: 
 
There is no Event-linked Early Expiration under this Product. 
 
Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final Settlement 
Price in respect of this Product is determined according to the occurrence of Bond Event(s). 
3.10.2.2 Event-linked Early Expiration: Not applicable

--- Page 438 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
438 
 
3.10.2.3 Final Settlement Price: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel 
Provided that if one or more Bond Event Determination Date(s) occur(s), the Issuer w ill, on the Settlement Date, settle each Warrant 
at the Bond Event Amount, subject to provisions of the Additional Terms and Conditions for Bond Linked Warrants and subject to the 
Terms and Conditions of the Warrants. 
Bond Event Amount means the maximum of zero and: 
[If Single Bond Linked Warrants where the Bond Currency is the same as the Settlement Currency of the Warrants ] an amount equal 
for each Warrant to the sum of (i) the product of the Bond Final Value and the Notional Amount per Warrant and (ii) the product of the 
Relevant Proportion and the Breakage Cost Amount of the Bond if this option is specified as Applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
or zero if this option is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms. 
[If Single Bond Linked Warrants where the Bond Currency is different from the Settlement Currency of the Warrants] an amount equal 
for each Warrant to the sum of (i) the product of the Bond Final Value and the Relevant Proportion of the Bond Notional Amoun t 
(expressed in the Settlement Currency of the Warrants using the Relevant Spot Exchange Rate on or around the Bond Final Value 
Determination Date) and (ii) the product of the Relevant Proportion and the Breakage Cost Amount of the Bond (in the case of (ii) 
w hich may be a negative amount) if this option is specified as “Applicable” in the applicable Final Terms or zero if this option is 
specified as “Not Applicable” in the applicable Final Terms. 
[If Basket Bond Linked Warrants] an amount equal for each Warrant to the sum of (i) the product of the Relevant Proportion and the 
difference betw een the Aggregate Warrant Notional Amount and the Aggregate Loss Amount as at the Expiration Date and (ii) the  
product of the Relevant Proportion and the aggregate Breakage Cost Amount of each of the relevant Bonds if this option is specified 
as Applicable in the applicable Final Terms or zero if this option is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Ter ms. 
3.10.2.4 Variable Data: 
BaseSettlementLevel 
This Variable Data is defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
3.10.3 
Autocall Credit Linked Products 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.10.3, the follow ing applies: 
3.10.3.1 Product Description: 
 
An Event-linked Early Settlement Amount may be paid under this Product: If an Early Expiration Event is deemed to have 
occurred, the Event-linked Early Settlement Amount equals a predetermined value. 
 
Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Final Settlement Price w ill be determined on the basis 
of the Reference Formula and according to the occurrence of Credit Event(s). 
3.10.3.2 Event-linked Early Expiration: Applicable 
An Early Expiration Event is deemed to have occurred, as determined by the Calculation Agent, if (1) on a Valuation Date(i), [[a 
European] [an American] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred] [[and][or] ReferenceFormula_Autocall(RV D(i)) is [higher] [low er] than [or 
equal to] AutocallBarrier(i)], (2) no Credit Event Determination Date has occurred on or before the Event-linked Early Settlement 
Date(RVD(i)), and (3) no Potential Repudiation/Moratorium or Potential Failure to Pay (if applicable) has occurred and is continuing 
at the Event-linked Early Settlement Date(RVD(i)), then: 
Event-linked Early Settlement Amount(i) = Notional Amount × Product Formula(i)

--- Page 439 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
439 
 
Product Formula(i) = BaseSettlementLevel_ESP(i) + [Payout_ESP [x i] [x DCF(i)]] 
3.10.3.3 Final Settlement Price: 
Scenario 1: 
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier(T) is [higher] [low er] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier, then: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount × Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_1 + [Payout_FSP x [x T] [x DCF(T)]] 
Scenario 2: 
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier(T) is [low er] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier, then: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount × Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_2 
If settlement by way of cash: 
[provided that if one or more Credit Event Determination Date(s) occur(s) (as such term is defined in the Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants), the Issuer w ill, on the Settlement Date, settle each Warrant at the Credit Event Payment 
Amount, subject to provisions of the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants and subject to the Terms and 
Conditions. 
Credit Event Payment Amount means, 
(i) 
in respect of Single Name Warrants and First-to-Default Warrants that are Long Warrants w here the Principal Credit Factor 
and the Principal Loss Factor are both equal to 100%, an amount, subject to a minimum of zero, equal to the product of the 
Final Value multiplied by the Nominal Amount of each Warrant minus the Unw ind Costs in respect of the Credit Event 
Determination Date; or 
(ii) 
in respect of Single Name Warrants and First-to-Default Warrants that are Long Warrants w here the Principal Credit Factor 
and/or the Principal Loss Factor is different from 100%, an amount, subject to a minimum of zero, equal to the product of (1)  
the Principal Credit Factor and (2) the Nominal Amount of each Warrant minus the product of (a) the Nominal Amount of 
each Warrant, (b) the Principal Loss Factor and (c) the difference betw een the Reference Price and the Final Value, minus 
the Unw ind Costs in respect of the Credit Event Determination Date; or 
(iii) 
in respect of Single Name Warrants and First-to-Default Warrants that are Short Warrants w here the Principal Credit Factor 
and the Principal Loss Factor are both equal to 100%, an amount, subject to a minimum of zero, equal to the difference 
betw een (1) the product of (x) the positive difference betw een the Reference Price and the Final Value (expressed as a 
percentage) and (y) the Nominal Amount of each Warrant and (2) the Unw ind Costs in respect of the Credit Event 
Determination Date; or 
(iv) 
in respect of Single Name Warrants and First-to-Default Warrants that are Short Warrants w here the Principal Credit Factor 
and/or the Principal Loss Factor is different from 100%, an amount, subject to a minimum of zero, equal to the product of (1) 
the Principal Credit Factor and (2) the difference betw een (a) the product of (x) the Principal Loss Factor, (y) the positive  
difference betw een the Reference Price and the Final Value (expressed as a percentage) and (z) the Nominal Amount of 
each Warrant and (b) the Unw ind Costs in respect of the Credit Event Determination Date. 
[If settlement by way of physical delivery: 
[provided that if one or more Credit Event Determination Date(s) occur(s) (as such term is defined in the Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants), the Issuer w ill, on the Settlement Date, deliver the Physical Delivery Amount to the

--- Page 440 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
440 
 
Warrantholders, subject to provisions of the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants and subject to the Terms 
and Conditions. 
Credit Linked Physical Delivery Amount means, for each Warrant: 
Specified Deliverable Obligations w ith (a) an Outstanding Principal Balance (w here such Specified Deliverable Obligations are  
Borrow ed Money) or (b) a Due and Payable Amount (w here such Specified Deliverable Obligations are not Borrow ed Money), in each 
case determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance w ith the follow ing formula, subject to a minimum of zero: A x (B – C). 
Where: 
A means the Principal Credit Factor; 
B means either (i) the Nominal Amount or (ii) the Partial Cancellation Amount (in the event of a Restructuring as contemplated in 
Condition 1.1.3 of the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants) or (iii) the Multiple Successor Notional Amount (in 
the circumstances contemplated in Condition 1.1.4 of the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants); and 
C means an equivalent number of Specified Deliverable Obligations w ith a market value equal to the amount of the Unw ind Costs. 
3.10.3.4 Variable Data: 
AutocallBarrier; 
DCF; 
FinalBarrier; 
BaseSettlementLevel_ESP; 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_1; 
BaseSettlementLevel_FS P_2 ; 
Payout_ESP; Payout_FSP 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
3.10.3.5 Reference Formula(e): 
ReferenceFormula_Autocall; ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier 
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4, the ones mainly used for these Products are (but w ithout limitation): 
CDS Spread 
3.10.4 
Reserved 
3.10.5 
Basket of Tranches Credit Linked Products 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that (i) "Reference of the Product" is 3.10.5 and (ii) the Type of Credit Linked Warrants is Tranche 
Warrants, the follow ing applies: 
3.10.5.1 Product Description: 
 
There is no Event-linked Early Expiration under this Product. 
 
Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final Settlement 
Price in respect of this Product is determined according to the occurrence of Credit Event(s) and each of such Credit Event(s) 
may fall w ithin a tranche related to a certain Reference Portfolio having a predetermined Reference Portfolio Weight. 
3.10.5.2 Event-linked Early Expiration: Not Applicable 
3.10.5.3 Final Settlement Price: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount × Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel

--- Page 441 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
441 
 
If settlement by way of cash: 
[provided that if one or more Credit Event Determination Date(s) occur(s) (as such term is defined in the Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants), the Issuer w ill, on the Settlement Date, settle each Warrant at the Credit Event Payment 
Amount, subject to provisions of the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants and subject to the Ter ms and 
Conditions.] 
[Credit Event Payment Amount means, 
(i) 
in respect of Tranche Warrants that are Long Warrants w here the Principal Credit Factor and/or the Principal Loss Factor 
are both equal to 100%, an amount, subject to a minimum of zero, equal for each Warrant to (i) the Relevant Proportion of 
the difference betw een the Aggregate Warrant Notional Amount and the Sum, for k from 1 to N, of the Product of (x) the 
Reference Portfolio Weight(k) and (y) the Aggregate Loss Amount(k) as at the applicable Exercise Date minus (ii) the 
aggregate of the Unw ind Costs calculated in respect of all Credit Event Determination Dates, as at the Expiration Date; or  
(ii) 
in respect of Tranche Warrants that are Long Warrants w here the Principal Credit Factor and/or the Principal Loss Factor is 
different from 100%, an amount, subject to a minimum of zero, equal for each Warrant to the product of (i) the Principal 
Credit Factor and (ii) the difference betw een (x) the Relevant Proportion of the difference betw een the Aggregate Warrant  
Notional Amount and the product of the Principal Loss Factor and the Sum, for k from 1 to N, of the Product of (a) the 
Reference Portfolio Weight(k) and (b) the Aggregate Loss Amount(k) as at the applicable Exercise Date and (y) the 
aggregate of the Unw ind Costs calculated in respect of all Credit Event Determination Dates, as at the Expiration Date; or 
(iii) 
in respect of Tranche Warrants that are Short Warrants, an amount, subject to a minimum of zero, equal for each Warrant 
to (i) the Relevant Proportion of the Sum, for k from 1 to N, of the Product of (x) the Reference Portfolio Weight(k) and (y) of 
the Aggregate Loss Amount(k) as at the applicable Exercise Date minus (ii) the aggregate of the Unw ind Costs calculated 
in respect of all Credit Event Determination Dates, as at the Expiration Date. 
Reference Portfolio Weight(k) (k from 1 to N) means Weight_k. 
Aggregate Loss Amount(k) (k from 1 to N) means at any time for a Tranche Warrant, the low est of (i) the Tranche Notional Amount; 
and (ii) the highest of (x) zero and (y) the difference betw een (xx) the aggregate of the Loss Amount(k) for all Reference Entities in 
the Reference Portfolio(k) and in respect of w hich a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred and (xy) the Tranche Subordination 
Amount(k).Each original reference from the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants that is enumerated above, 
and the definition of which is not detailed above, shall be construed as a reference to, and shall apply mutatis mutandis to, each of its 
enumeration in accordance with its meaning given in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants .] 
3.10.5.4 Variable Data: 
BaseSettlementLevel;Weight_k (k from 1 to N). 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
3.10.6 
Evolutive Tranche Credit Linked Products 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that (i) "Reference of the Product" is 3.10.6 and (ii) the Type of Credit Linked Warrants is Tranche 
Warrants, the follow ing applies: 
3.10.6.1 Product Description: 
 
There is no Event-linked Early Expiration under this Product. 
 
Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final Settlement 
Price in respect of this Product is determined according to the occurrence of Credit Event(s) and each of such Credit Event(s) 
may fall w ithin a tranche the w idth of w hich, marked in particular by the Attachment Point and the Detachment Point, 
automatically changes on the Tranche Sw itch Date.

--- Page 442 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
442 
 
3.10.6.2 Event-linked Early Expiration: Not Applicable 
3.10.6.3 Final Settlement Price: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount × Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel 
[If settlement by way of cash: 
provided that if one or more Credit Event Determination Date(s) occur(s) (as such term is defined in the Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants), the Issuer w ill, on the Settlement Date, settle each Warrant at the Credit Event Payment 
Amount, subject to provisions of the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants and subject to the Terms and 
Conditions.] 
[Credit Event Payment Amount means, in respect of Tranche Warrants that are Long Warrants w here the Principal Credit Factor 
and/or the Principal Loss Factor are both equal to 100%, an amount, subject to a minimum of zero, equal for each Warrant to (i) the 
Relevant Proportion of the product of (x) the difference betw een the Aggregate Warrant Notional Amount and the Aggregate Loss  
Amount(1) and (y) the difference betw een 1 and the division of (xx) the Aggregate Loss Amount(2) by (xy) the Aggregate Warrant 
Notional Amount, as at the applicable Exercise Date minus (ii) the aggregate of the Unw ind Costs calculated in respect of all Credit 
Event Determination Dates, as at the Expiration Date. 
Aggregate Loss Amount(1) means at any time for a Tranche Warrant, the low est of (i) the Tranche Notional Amount; and (ii) the 
highest of (x) zero and (y) the difference betw een (xx) the aggregate of the Loss Amount(1) for all Reference Entities in res pect of 
w hich a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred from and including the First Credit Event Occurrence Date to and excluding 
the Tranche Sw itch Date and (xy) the Tranche Subordination Amount(1). 
Aggregate Loss Amount(2) means at any time for a Tranche Warrant, the low est of (i) the Tranche Notional Amount; and (ii) the 
highest of (x) zero and (y) the difference betw een (xx) the aggregate of the Loss Amount(2) for all Reference Entities in res pect of 
w hich a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred from and including the First Credit Event Occurrence Date to and including 
the Scheduled Last Credit Event Occurrence Date and (xy) the Tranche Subordination Amount(2). 
Tranche Switch Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. The Tranche Sw itch Date must be comprised 
w ithin the period from and excluding the First Credit Event Occurrence Date to and excluding the Scheduled Last Credit Event 
Occurrence Date. 
Each original reference from the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants that is enumerated above, and the 
definition of which is not detailed above, shall be construed as a reference to, and shall apply mutatis mutandis to, each of its 
enumeration in accordance with its meaning given in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants.] 
3.10.6.4 Variable Data: 
BaseSettlementLevel 
This Variable Data is defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
3.10.7 
Leveraged Credit Linked Products 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.10.7, the follow ing applies: 
3.10.7.1 Product Description: 
 
An Event-linked Early Settlement Amount may be paid under this Product: If an Early Expiration Event is deemed to have 
occurred, the Event-linked Early Settlement Amount equals the Market Value.

--- Page 443 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
443 
 
 
Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Final Settlement Price w ill be determined on the basis 
of the Reference Formula and according to the occurrence of Credit Event(s), and subject to a Leverage on the loss amount 
if a Credit Event Occurs. 
3.10.7.2 Event-linked Early Expiration: Applicable 
Event-linked Early Settlement Amount(i) = Market Value 
Where : 
Market Value means, as per Condition [5.5]/[5.5] of the General Terms and Conditions, an amount determined by the Calculation 
Agent, w hich, on the due date for the early expiration or cancellation of the Warrant, shall represent the fair market value of the 
Warrant and shall have the effect (after taking into account the costs that cannot be avoided to settle the Warrants at the fair market 
value to the Warrantholders) of preserving for the Warrantholder the economic equivalent of the obligations of the Issuer to make the 
payments in respect of the Warrant w hich w ould, but for such early expiration or cancellation, have fallen due after the relevant early 
expiration or cancellation date, or (ii) in the event of Warrants listed on the Italian Stock Exchange (Borsa Italiana S.p.A.), an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner to be the fair market value of the 
Warrants immediately prior, and ignoring the circumstances leading, to such termination. 
An Early Expiration Event is deemed to have occurred, as determined by the Calculation Agent, if on a Valuation Date(i)(i from 1 to 
T): 
[if Single Name Warrants 
(i) the Reference Entity Spread on such day is higher than or equal to Barrier_Single 
[or (ii) a Credit Event Determination Date occurs in respect of the Reference Entity.] 
[and [(ii)][(iii)] the Current Market Value of the Warrant is low er than or equal to Barrier_ ES]] 
[if Basket Warrants and Credit Index Option is not Applicable 
(i) the Average Spread on such day is higher than or equal to Barrier_Basket 
[or (ii) the Reference Entity Spread w ith respect to any Reference Entity(k) on such day is higher than or equal to Barrier_Single(k)] 
[or [(ii)][(iii)]a Credit Event Determination Date occurs in respect of one or more Reference Entities.] 
[and [(ii)][(iii)][(iv)] the Current Market Value of the Warrant is low er than or equal to the Barrier_ ES]] 
[if Basket Warrants and Credit Index Option is Applicable 
(i) the Credit Index Spread on such day is higher than or equal to Barrier_Index 
and 
(ii) the Current Market Value of the Warrant is low er than or equal to the Barrier_ES.] 
Early Expiration Event Determination Date means the day on w hich the Early Expiration Event Notice is delivered. 
Early Expiration Event Notice means an irrevocable notice delivered by or on behalf of the Issuer to the Warrantholders informing 
the Warrantholders that an Early Expiration Event has occurred and specifying the Event-linked Early Settlement Date and the 
Event-linked Early Settlement Amount. The Early Expiration Event that is the subject of an Early Expiration Event Notice does not 
need to be continuing on the Early Expiration Event Determination Date. 
Current Market Value means an amount determined by the Calculation Agent, w hich, on the relevant Valuation Date(i) (i from 1 to 
T), shall represent the Market Value of the Notes that w ould be computed if the Notes w ere to be redeemed as of such Valuation 
Date(i) (i from 1 to T). 
Dealer means any dealer (other than Société Générale) determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion as 
being a dealer in respect of providing quotations in respect of credit default sw ap transactions. 
Dealer Poll Method means that, on any day, the Reference Entity Spread w ill be determined by the Calculation Agent as follow s: 
(A)  
the Calculation Agent w ill attempt to obtain offer quotations from five Dealers, w hereby:

--- Page 444 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
444 
 
(a) 
If three or more such quotations are obtained prior to 17.00 (London time) on such day (the “Quotation Deadline 
Time”), the Reference Entity Spread w ill be the arithmetic mean of such quotations w ithout regard to the quotations 
having the highest or low est values (and, if more than one such quotation have the same highest or low est 
quotation, then one of such highest or low est quotations (as relevant) may be disregarded); or 
(b) 
If tw o such quotations are obtained prior to the Quotation Deadline Time, the Reference Entity Spread w ill be the 
arithmetic mean of such quotations; or 
(c) 
If one such quotation is obtained prior to the Quotation Deadline Time, the Reference Entity Spread w ill be such 
quotation; or 
(B)  
If it is not possible to obtain any quotations prior to the Quotation Deadline Time, the Reference Entity Spread w ill be a rate 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion acting in good faith, having regard to the conditions 
prevailing in the market. 
Leverage means Leverage_FSP. 
[if Basket Warrants and Credit Index Option is not Applicable 
Average Spread means, on any Valuation Date(i), the w eighted average of the Reference Entity Spread for all Reference Entities 
calculated as: Sum (for k from 1 to N) [Weight(k) x Spread(k)] 
N means the number of Reference Entities in the Reference Portfolio 
Weight(k) means the Reference Entity Weighting in respect of the kth Reference Entity 
Spread(k) means the Reference Entity Spread in respect of the kth Reference Entity] 
[if Basket Notes and Credit Index Option is Applicable 
Credit Index Spread: means, on any Valuation Date (i), 
(i) 
if no Credit Event Determination Date has occurred, the Effective Credit Index Spread 
(ii) 
if one or more Credit Event Determination Dates have occurred, the Rebased Index Spread. 
Initial Credit Index: [Insert the Credit Index] 
Effective Credit Index: means the Initial Credit Index or, if subsequent versions are published after the Initial Index, the latest version  
of the Initial Credit Index, published by the Index Publisher and effective as of the relevant date. For the avoidance of doubt, it is 
expected that the Index Publisher publishes a new  version each time a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred, and the Final 
Value has been determined pursuant to relevant Transaction Auction Settlement Terms. 
Effective Credit Index Spread: means the offer rate, expressed as a quoted spread, for a credit default sw ap on the Effective Credit 
Index in the Credit Index Currency and w ith a maturity equal to the Credit Index Maturity, determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance w ith the Dealer Poll Method. 
Index Publisher: Markit Indices Limited, or any successor 
Credit Index Currency: [Insert the Credit Index Currency] 
Credit Index Maturity: [Insert the Credit Index Maturity] 
Credit Index Coupon: [Insert the Credit Index Coupon] 
Credit Index Recovery Rate: [Insert the Credit Index Recovery Rate]

--- Page 445 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
445 
 
Rebased Index Spread means the spread expressed as a percentage, and determined by the Calculation Agent on any Valuation 
Date(i) by converting the Rebased Index Upfront into a quoted spread,using the function “CDSW” in Bloomberg, as further specified 
below , or any other calculation as the Calculation Agent may deem appropriate, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner. When using the Bloomberg function “CDSW”, the Calculation Agent w ill determine the Rebased Index Spread using the 
follow ing Bloomberg parameters: 
 
Bloomberg requested Points Upfront: Rebased Index Upfront 
 
Bloomberg requested Index Coupon: Credit Index Coupon 
 
Bloomberg requested Currency: Credit Index Currency 
 
Bloomberg requested Maturity Date: Credit Index Maturity 
 
Bloomberg requested Recovery Rate: Credit Index Recovery Rate 
 
Bloomberg requested Curve Date: Valuation Date(i) 
provided that if such page or any relevant details as described above become unavailable, the Calculation Agent shall, in its  sole 
discretion, determine the Rebased Index Spread w ith substitute details w hich are market equivalent. 
Rebased Index Upfront: means the amount determined by the Calculation Agent on any Valuation Date(i), by converting the Effective 
Credit Index Spread into an upfront value, using the Bloomberg function “CDSW”, as further specified below , or any other calculation 
as the Calculation Agent may deem appropriate in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. When using the Bloomberg 
function “CDSW”, the Calculation Agent shall determine the Effective Credit Index Upfront using the follow ing Bloomberg parameters 
w ith the resulting “Points Upfront” expressed as a percentage. 
Effective Credit Index Upfront means the amount determined by the Calculation Agent on any Valuation Date(i), by converting the 
Effective Credit Index Spread into an upfront value, using the Bloomberg function “CDSW”, as further specified below , or any other 
calculation as the Calculation Agent may deem appropriate in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. When using the 
Bloomberg function “CDSW”, the Calculation Agent shall determine the Effective Credit Index Upfront using the follow ing Bloomberg 
parameters w ith the resulting “Points Upfront” expressed as a percentage: 
 
Bloomberg requested CDS Spread: Effective Credit Index Spread 
 
Bloomberg requested Index Coupon: Credit Index Coupon 
 
Bloomberg requested Currency: Credit Index Currency 
 
Bloomberg requested Maturity Date: Credit Index Maturity 
 
Bloomberg requested Recovery Rate: Credit Index Recovery Rate 
 
Bloomberg requested Curve Date: Valuation Date(i) 
provided alw ays that if such page or any relevant details as noted above become unavailable, the Calculation Agent shall, in its sole 
discretion, effect the Effective Credit Index Upfront determination w ith substitute details w hich are market equivalent. 
Remaining Credit Index Notional: means, as of Valuation Date(i), an amount expressed in percentage and equal to 100% minus 
the sum, for each Reference Entity in respect of w hich a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred and the Final Value has  been 
determined, of the Reference Entity Weighting for such Reference Entity. 
Aggregate Credit Index Loss Amount: means, as of Valuation Date(i), an amount expressed in percentage and equal to (i) the 
Aggregate Loss Amount divided by (ii) the Reference Portfolio Notional Amount. For the avoidance of doubt, Aggregate Credit Index 
Loss Amount shall take into account only the Credit Event Determination Date(s) (if any) for w hich the Final Value has been 
determined.]

--- Page 446 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
446 
 
[if Single Name Warrants 
Reference Entity Spread means, in respect of the Reference Entity and any day, the offer rate, expressed as a quoted spread, for 
a single-name credit default sw ap on the Reference Entity governed by the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions, in USD, w ith 
the Reference CDS Maturity and for a size equal to the product of (i) the Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Warrants, and (ii) the 
Leverage (such credit default sw ap, the “Reference CDS”), determined by the Calculation Agent using the Dealer Poll Method. For 
the avoidance of doubt, if the Calculation Agent observes or receives a quotation expressed w ith an upfront amount (the “Upfront 
Quotation”), it w ill convert such Upfront Quotation into a quoted spread by using the function CDSW in Bloomberg or any other  
calculation as the Calculation Agent may deem appropriate in its sole and absolute discretion, but acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner.] 
[If Basket Warrants 
Reference Entity Spread means, in respect of the Reference Entity and any day, the offer rate, expressed as a quoted spread, for 
a single-name credit default sw ap on the Reference Entity governed by the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions, in USD, w ith 
the Reference CDS Maturity and for a size equal to the product of (i) the Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Warrants, (ii) the Reference 
Entity Weighting and (iii) the Leverage (such credit default sw ap, the “Reference CDS”), determined by the Calculation Agent using 
the Dealer Poll Method. For the avoidance of doubt, if the Calculation Agent observes or receives a quotation expressed w ith an 
upfront amount (the “Upfront Quotation”), it w ill convert such Upfront Quotation into a quoted spread by using the function CDSW in 
Bloomberg or any other calculation as the Calculation Agent may deem appropriate in its sole and absolute discretion, but acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner.] 
Reference CDS Maturity means 5-year or any shorter standard CDS maturity, as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and 
absolute discretion. Provided that, w hen assessing the Average Spread, the same Reference CDS Maturity shall be used to determine 
all Reference Entities Spreads. 
3.10.7.3 Final Settlement Price: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount × Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel 
[If settlement by way of cash: 
provided that if one or more Credit Event Determination Date(s) occur(s) (as such term is defined in the Additional Terms and  
Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants), the Issuer w ill, on the Settlement Date, settle each Warrant at the Credit Event Payment 
Amount, subject to provisions of the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants and subject to the Terms and 
Conditions.] 
Credit Event Payment Amount means, 
[if Single Name Warrants where the Principal Credit Factor and the Principal Loss Factor are both equal to 100%] an amount, subject 
to a minimum of zero, equal to (A) the product of (i) 100% – Leverage x (100%- Final Value) multiplied by (ii) the Notional Amount of 
each Warrant, minus (B) the Unw ind Costs in respect of the Credit Event Determination Date. 
[If Basket Warrants where the Principal Credit Factor and the Principal Loss Factor are both equal to 100%], an amount, subject to a 
minimum of zero, equal for each Warrant to (i) the Relevant Proportion of the difference betw een the Aggregate Warrant Notional 
Amount and the Aggregate Loss Amount minus (ii) the aggregate of the Unw ind Costs calculated in respect of all Credit Event 
Determination Dates, as at the Expiration Date. 
[If Basket Warrants 
Aggregate Loss Amount means, as per Condition 2 of the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants, at any time 
for a Basket Warrant that is not a Tranche Warrant, the aggregate of the Loss Amount in respect of all Reference Entities in respect 
of w hich a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred.]

--- Page 447 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
447 
 
Loss Amount means, notw ithstanding the definition in Condition 2 of the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants, 
in relation to each Reference Entity in respect of w hich a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred, an amount equal to the 
product of (i) the Reference Entity Notional Amount, and (ii) the difference betw een the Reference Price and the Final Value, subject 
to a minimum of zero. 
[If Basket Warrants 
Reference Portfolio Notional Amount means an amount equal to the Aggregate Warrant Notional Amount multiplied by the 
Leverage.] 
3.10.7.4 Variable Data: 
Barrier_Basket, Leverage_FSP, Barrier_Single; Barrier_ES; Barrier_Index. 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
3.10.7.5 Reference Formula(e): 
CDS Spread is defined under Condition 4.0 relating to the definition of S, SI and FXRate 
3.11 
FAMILY OF PRODUCTS "COMBINED VANILLAS" 
Set out below  the list of Products of the Family of Products "Combined Vanillas", the Reference of the Product of w hich is mentioned 
in the table below  w ill be indicated in the applicable Final Terms in the clause "Reference of the Product". 
 
Reference of the Product 
Product 
3.11.1 
Combined w ith Final Barrier 
3.11.2 
Reserved 
3.11.3 
Cumulative 
3.11.4 
Reserved 
Description of how the value of the Warrants can be affected by the value of the Underlying(s)  
The Family "COMBINED VANILLAS" comprises Products w hich provide exposure to the positive or negative performance of an 
Underlying or a Basket or one or several Underlying(s) w ithin a Basket, w here the Product Amount(s) is(are) determined as a f loored, 
capped or leveraged w eighted combination, either additive or multiplicative, of vanilla calls, puts, digits, fixed amounts, and 
combinations, either additive or multiplicative, of calls, digits and fixed amounts. 
3.11.1 
Combined with Final Barrier 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.11.1, the follow ing applies: 
3.11.1.1 Product Description: 
 
This Product may be subject to Event-linked Early Expiration: 
 
If an Early Expiration Event is deemed to have occurred, the Product Formula used to determine the Early 
Settlement Price equals a predetermined value. 
 
Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final Settlement 
Price in respect of this Product depends on the realisation of one among tw o possible scenarios:

--- Page 448 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
448 
 
 
The occurrence of these scenarios depends on the value of the relevant ReferenceFormula applied to the 
Underlying(s) of the Product and of its position compared to a FinalBarrier. 
 
The Product Formula depends on the value of the SumOfDigits considered and, as the case may be, upon the 
value of the ReferenceFormula considered. 
3.11.1.2 Event-linked Early Expiration: Applicable 
Early Settlement Price(i) = Notional Amount x Product Formula(i) 
Product Formula(i) = BaseSettlementLevel_ESP(i) + Payout_ESP(i) 
3.11.1.3 Final Settlement Price: 
Scenario 1: 
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Barrier(RV D(T)) is higher than [or equal to] FinalBarrier, then: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount × Product Formula(T) 
Product 
Formula(T) 
= 
Max(Final_Floor_1; 
Min(Final_Cap_1; 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_1+ 
FinalParticipation_1 
x 
(ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RV D(T)) – FinalStrike) + FinalParticipation_2 x ReferenceFormula_Final_2(RVD(T)))) 
Scenario 2: 
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Barrier(RV D(T)) is low er than [or equal to] FinalBarrier, then: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount × Product Formula(T) 
Product 
Formula(T) 
= 
Max(Final 
Floor_2; 
Min(Final 
Cap_2; 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_2 
+ 
FinalParticipation_3 
x 
(ReferenceFormula_Final_3(RV D(T)) – FinalStrike) + FinalParticipation_4 x ReferenceFormula_Final_4(RVD(T)))) 
3.11.1.4 Specific Definition(s): 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more definitions mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 above. 
3.11.1.5 Variable Data: 
BaseSettlementLevel_ESP; Payout_ESP; FinalBarrier; BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_1; BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_2; Final_Cap_1; 
Final_Cap_2; Final_Floor_1; 
Final_Floor_2; FinalParticipation_1; FinalParticipation_2; FinalParticipation_3; 
FinalParticipati on_4 ; 
FinalStrike 
And any Variable Data according to the Specific Definitions used as mentioned in Condition 1.2.2. 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
3.11.1.6 Reference Formula(e): 
ReferenceFormula_Barrier; 
ReferenceFormula_Final; 
ReferenceFormula_Final_1; 
ReferenceFormula_Fina l_2 ; 
ReferenceFormula_Final_3; ReferenceFormula_Final_4 
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4 below, the ones mainly used for these Products are (but without limitation): 
SumOfCalls or SumOfDigits or SumOfStrikedDigits or SumOfTimeDigits (as defined under Condition 4.27 of the Family of "Combined 
Vanillas") 
BasketPerformance or AverageBasketPerformance (as defined under Condition 4.4 of the Family of "BasketPerformance")

--- Page 449 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
449 
 
WorstLevel or WorstPerformance (as defined under Condition 4.6 of the Family of "WorstLevel") 
3.11.2 
Reserved 
3.11.3 
Cumulative 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.11.3, the follow ing applies: 
3.11.3.1 Product Description: 
 
There is no Event-linked Early Expiration under this Product. 
 
Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final Settlement 
Price in respect of this Product is equal to the value of the CumulativeProductFormula (defined in Condition 3.11.4.4 below ), 
w hich may be subject to a floor and / or a cap and / or w ith a leverage factor. 
3.11.3.2 Event-linked Early Expiration: Not applicable 
3.11.3.3 Final Settlement Price: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = Max(Floor ; Min(Cap ; Leverage x CumulativeProductFormula)) 
3.11.3.4 Specific Definition(s): 
CumulativeProductFormula means the [Product] [Sum], for k from 1 to UnitVanillaNumber, of UnitVanilla(k, Parameters(k), 
ReferenceFormula(k)) 
UnitVanilla(k, Parameters(k), ReferenceFormula(k)) means the [Sum] [Product] of: 
(1) 
BaseSettlementLevel(k); and 
(2) 
The Sum of ConstantCall(k) and the Sum, for m from 1 to NbCalls(k), of the Product of WeightCall(m, k) and Max(0 ; 
ReferenceFormula(k)(T) – StrikeCall(m, k)) ; and 
(3) 
The Sum of ConstantPut(k) and the Sum, for m from 1 to NbPuts(k), of the Product of WeightPut(m, k) and Max(0 ; 
StrikePut(m, k) – ReferenceFormula(k)(T)) ; and 
(4) 
The Sum of ConstantDigitUp(k) and the Sum, for m from 1 to NbDigitsUp(k), of the Product of WeightDigitUp(m, k) and 
IND(ReferenceFormula(k)(T) is higher than [or equal to] StrikeDigitUp(m, k)) ; and 
(5) 
The Sum ofConstant DigitDow n(k) and the Sum, for m from 1 to NbDigitsDow n(k), of the Product of WeightDigitDow n(m, k) 
and IND(ReferenceFormula(k)(T) is low er than [or equal to] StrikeDigitDow n(m, k)). 
Parameters(k) means the set of the follow ing Variable Data: 
NbCalls(k); ConstantCall(k); NbPuts(k); ConstantPut(k); NbDigitsUp(k); ConstantDigitUp(k); NbDigitsDow n(k); ConstantDigitDow n(k); 
BaseSettlementLevel(k); WeightCall(m, k) (m from 1 to NbCalls(k)); StrikeCall(m, k) (m from 1 to NbCalls(k)); WeightPut(m, k) (m 
from 1 to NbPuts(k)); StrikePut(m, k) (m from 1 to NbPuts(k)); WeightDigitUp(m, k) (m from 1 to NbDigitsUp(k)); StrikeDigitUp(m, k) 
(m from 1 to NbDigitsUp(k)); 
WeightDigitDow n(m, k) (m from 1 to NbDigitsDow n(k)); StrikeDigitDow n(m, k) (m from 1 to 
NbDigitsDow n(k)) 
For the avoidance of doubt VariableData(k)(i) means in respect of the kth iteration, the VariableData as of date(i) 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more definitions mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 above.

--- Page 450 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
450 
 
3.11.3.5 Variable Data: 
ProductNumber; Floor; Cap; Leverage; UnitVanillaNumber; BaseSettlementLevel; NbCalls; ConstantCall; NbPuts; ConstantPut; 
NbDigitsUp; ConstantDigitUp; 
NbDigitsDow n; ConstantDigitDow n; WeightCall; StrikeCall; WeightPut; StrikePut; WeightDigitUp ; 
StrikeDigitUp; WeightDigitDow n; StrikeDigitDow n 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
3.11.3.6 Reference Formula(e): 
ReferenceFormula 
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4 below, the ones mainly used for these Products are (but without limitation): 
Level or Performance (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of "SimpleLevel") 
BasketPerformance or AverageBasketPerformance (as defined under Condition 4.4 of the Family of "BasketPerformance") 
WorstLevel or WorstPerformance (as defined under Condition 4.6 of the Family of "WorstLevel") 
3.11.4 
Reserved 
4. 
CHARACTERISTICS AND DEFINITIONS RELATING TO FAMILIES OF REFERENCE FORMULA(E) 
Set out below  the list of Families of Reference Formula(e), each as described hereinafter. 
 
Reference of the Family 
Reference Formula(e) 
4.0 
Definition of S, SI and FXRate 
4.1 
Family of « SimpleLevel » 
4.2 
Family of « RankedLevel » 
4.3 
Family of « BasketLevel » 
4.4 
Family of « BasketPerformance » 
4.5 
Family of « BestLevel » 
4.6 
Family of « WorstLevel » 
4.7 
Family of « LargeLevel » 
4.8 
Family of « SmallLevel » 
4.9 
Family of « TimeLevel » 
4.10 
Family of « RankedTime » 
4.11 
Family of « WeightedMaxTimeLevel » 
4.12 
Family of « WeightedMinTimeLevel » 
4.13 
Family of « WeightedSumTimeLevel »

--- Page 451 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
451 
 
4.14 
Family of « WeightedAverageTimeLevel » 
4.15 
Family of « WorstTimeLevel » 
4.16 
Family of « BestTimeLevel » 
4.17 
Family of « RestrikePerformance » 
4.18 
Family of « ModifiedPerformance » 
4.19 
Family of « FreezeModifiedPerformance » 
4.20 
Family of « Himalaya & Emerald ReferenceLevel » 
4.21 
Family of « RangeAccrual » 
4.22 
Family of « IntradayLevel » 
4.23 
Family of « VolatilityLevel » 
4.24 
Family of « Combined ReferenceFormula » 
4.25 
Family of « ReferenceFixings » 
4.26 
Family of « InBetw eenLevel » 
4.27 
Family of « Combined Vanillas » 
4.28 
Reserved 
4.29 
Family of « Counter » 
The Reference Formulae of the Family of Reference Formulae in sections 4.1 to 4.29 below  are used to determine or calculate either 
(i) a price of one or several Underlying(s) w hich is called a Reference Price, (ii) a level of the price of one or several 
Underlying(s) w hich is called a Reference Level, (iii) a performance of the price of one or several Underlying(s) w hich is called a 
Reference Performance and/or (iv) a fixing of a Reference Rate and/or (v) a fixing of one or several foreign exchange rate(s). 
1) Price, Level or Performance 
In sections 4.1 to 4.29 below , (a) w hen the denomination of a Reference Formula in a Family of Reference Formulae contains the 
w ord "Price", such Reference Formula is used to determine a Reference Price, (b) w hen the denomination of a Reference Formula in 
a Family of Reference Formulae contains the w ord "Level", such Reference Formula is used to calculate a Reference Level, (c) w hen 
the denomination of a Reference Formula in a Family of Reference Formulae contains the w ord "Performance", such Reference 
Formula is used to calculate a Reference Performance and (d) w hen the denomination of the Reference Formula in a Family of 
Reference Formulae contains the w ord "Fixing", such Reference Formula is used to determine or calculate a Reference Fixing. 
Notw ithstanding the foregoing in respect of a Product (i) a Reference Formula used to calculate a Reference Level (a "Base 
Reference Formula"), can also be used to determine a Reference Price or to calculate a Reference Performance and in that case 
its denomination in the applicable Final Terms of the relevant Product shall contain the w ord Price or Performance (an "Alternative 
Reference Formula"), (ii) a Reference Formula used to calculate a Reference Performance (a "Base Reference Formula"), can also 
be used to determine a Reference Price or to calculate a Reference Level and in that case its denomination in the applicable Final 
Terms of the relevant Product shall contain the w ord Price or Level (an "Alternative Reference Formula") provided that in each case 
the Alternative Reference Formula shall be deemed to be part of the same Family of Reference Formulae as the Base Reference 
Formula.

--- Page 452 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
452 
 
Example: 
Section 4.11 contains the following Reference Formula: WeightedM axTimeLevel(i) means the Sum, for k from 1 to N, of the Product 
W(i,k) and MaxTimeLevel(i,k) and is used to calculate a level of the Price of the Underlying. The same Reference Formula can also 
be used to determine a performance of the price of the Underlying and is then expressed in the applicable Final Terms as foll ows: 
WeightedM axTimePerformance(i) means the Sum, for k from 1 to N, of the Product W(i,k) and MaxTimePerformance(i,k) 
2) Cap, Floor, Leverage, Shift 
When the denomination of a Reference Formula in a Family of Reference Formulae described in sections 4.1 to 4.29 below  use a 
Cap and contains the w ord "Capped", this means that by applying such Reference Formula, the price(s), level(s) or performance(s) 
of one or more Underlying(s) or fixing(s) of the Reference Rate retained to calculate a Product Amount w ill be the low er betw een 
(i) the Cap and (ii) the actual relevant price(s), level(s) or performance(s) of such Underlying(s) or of the fixing(s) of the Reference 
Rate. 
When the denomination of a Reference Formula in a Family of Reference Formulae in sections 4.1 to 4.29 below  uses a Floor 
and contains the w ord "Floored", this means that by applying such Reference Formula, the price(s), level(s) or performance(s) of one 
more Underlying(s) or fixing(s) of the Reference Rate retained to calculate a Product Amount w ill be the higher betw een (i) the Floor 
and (ii) the actual relevant price(s), level(s) or performance(s) of such Underlying(s) or of the fixing(s) of the Reference Rate(s). 
When the denomination of a Reference Formula in a Family of Reference Formulae in sections 4.1 to 4.29 below  uses a Leverage 
and contains the w ord "Leverage", this means that by applying such Reference Formula, the price(s), level(s) or performance(s ) of 
one more Underlying(s) or fixing(s) of the Reference Rate retained to calculate a Product Amount w ill be the Product of the Leverage 
and the actual relevant price(s), level(s) or performance(s) of such Underlying(s) or of the fixing(s) of the Reference Rate( s). 
When the denomination of a Reference Formula in a Family of Reference Formulae described in sections 4.1 to 4.29 below  use a 
Shift and contains the w ord "Shifted", this means that by applying such Reference Formula, the price(s), level(s) or performance(s) of 
one or more Underlying(s) or fixing(s) of the Reference Rate retained to calculate a Product Amount w ill be the sum of (i) the Shift 
and (ii) the actual relevant price(s), level(s) or performance(s) of such Underlying(s) or of the fixing(s) of the Reference Rate. 
Notw ithstanding the foregoing: 
(a) 
In respect of a Product (i) a Reference Formula the denomination of w hich uses a Cap and contains the w ord "Capped" (a 
"Base Reference Formula"), can also be used w ith a Floor and in that case in the applicable Final Terms of the relevant 
Product, it shall embed a Floor and its denomination w ill contain the w ord "Floored" (an "Alternative Reference Formula") 
and (ii) a Reference Formula the denomination of w hich uses a Floor and contains the w ord "Floored" (a "Base Reference 
Formula"), can also be used w ith a Cap and in that case in the applicable Final Terms of the relevant Product, it shall embed 
a Cap and its denomination w ill contain the w ord "Capped" (an "Alternative Reference Formula"). In each case the 
Alternative Reference Formula shall be deemed to be part of the same Family of Reference Formulae as the Base Reference 
Formula; 
Example: 
Section 4.1 contains the following Reference Formula: CappedLevel(i, Strike, Cap(i)) means the Minimum between Level(i, Strike) 
and Cap(i). 
A Floor shall appear in the applicable Final Terms of the relevant Product as follows: FlooredLevel(i, Strike, Floor(i)) means the 
Maximum between Level(i, Strike) and Floor(i). 
(b) 
A Reference Formula in a Family of Reference Formulae in sections 4.1 to 4.29 below  w hich does not contain a Cap or a 
Floor or a Leverage or a Shift (a "Base Reference Formula"), can be used (i) w ith a Floor and in that case in the applicable 
Final Terms of the relevant Product, it shall embed a Floor and its denomination w ill contain the w ord "Floored" (an 
"Alternative Reference Formula") or (ii) w ith a Cap and in that case in the applicable Final Terms of the relevant Product, 
it shall embed a Cap and its denomination w ill contain the w ord "Capped" (an "Alternative Reference Formula") or (iii) w ith 
a Leverage and in that case in the applicable Final Terms of the relevant Product, it shall embed a Leverage and its

--- Page 453 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
453 
 
denomination w ill contain the w ord "Leverage" (an "Alternative Reference Formula") or (iv) w ith a Shift and in that case in 
the applicable Final Terms of the relevant Product, it shall embed a Shift and its denomination w ill contain the w ord "Shifted" 
(an "Alternative Reference Formula"). In each case the Alternative Reference Formula shall be deemed to be part of the 
same Family of Reference Formulae as the Base Reference Formula and the impact of the addition of a Cap or a Floor or a 
Leverage shall be as described in 2) above. 
Example: 
Section 4.3 contains the following Reference Formula: 
BasketLevel(i) means the Sum, for k from 1 to N, of the Product of W(i,k) and Level(i,k). 
Such Reference Formula may also be used with a Cap and then reads as follows: 
CappedBasketLevel(i,Cap) means the Minimum of Cap and BasketLevel(i), with BasketLevel meaning the Sum, for k from 1 to N, 
of the Product of W(i,k) and Level(i,k) as defined in Condition 4.3 
Such Reference Formula may also be used with a Floor and then reads as follows: 
FlooredBasketLevel(i,Floor) means the Maximum of Floor and BasketLevel(i), with BasketLevel meaning the Sum, for k from 1 to 
N, of the Product of W(i,k) and Level(i,k) as defined in Condition 4.3. 
Such Reference Formula may also be used with a Leverage and then reads as follows: 
LeverageBasketLevel(i,Leverage) means the Product of Leverage and BasketLevel(i), with BasketLevel meaning the Sum, for k 
from 1 to N, of the Product of W(i,k) and Level(i,k) as defined in Condition 4.3. 
Such Reference Formula may also be used with a Shift and then reads as follows: 
ShiftedBasketLevel(i,Shift) means the sum of Shift and BasketLevel(i), with BasketLevel meaning the Sum, for k from 1 to N, of the 
Product of W(i,k) and Level(i,k) as defined in Condition 4.3. 
This Reference Formula may also be used with a Floor and a Cap as follows: 
CappedFlooredBasketLevel(i, Cap, Floor) means the Minimum between (a) the Cap and (b) the Maximum between the Floor and 
the BasketLevel(i). 
3) Strike 
A Reference Formula in a Family of Reference Formulae in sections 4.1 to 4.29 below  w hich does not contain a Strike (a "Base 
Reference Formula"), can be used w ith a Strike and in that case in the applicable Final Terms of the relevant Product, it shall embed 
a Strike and its denomination w ill contain the w ord "Strike" (an "Alternative Reference Formula"). In such case the Alternative 
Reference Formula shall be deemed to be part of the same Family of Reference Formulae as the Base Reference Formula. For the 
avoidance of doubt, this Strike shall replace the standard S(0) or S(0,k). 
Example: 
BestLevel(i) means the Maximum, for k from 1 to N, of Level(i,k), as defined in Condition 4.5. with Level(i,k) meaning S(i,k) / S(0,k) 
as defined in Condition 4.1 
Such Reference Formula may also be used with a Strike and then reads as follows: 
BestLevel(i, Strike(1),...,Strike(N)) means the Maximum, for k from 1 to N, of Level(i,k,Strike(k)), as defined in Condition 4.5. with 
Level(i,k,Strike(k)) meaning S(i,k) / Strike(k)) as defined in Condition 4.1 
4) MaxTime, MinTime and other alternative features

--- Page 454 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
454 
 
When the denomination of a Reference Formula in a Family of Reference Formulae in sections 4.1 to 4.29 below  contains the 
expression 
 
"MaxTime", such Reference Formula is used to determine the running maximum (a) price, level or performance of one or 
more Underlyings or (b) fixing of a Reference Rate, or (c) fixing of a foreign exchange rate, over a period of time; 
 
"MinTime", such Reference Formula is used to determine the running minimum (a) price, level or performance of one or 
more Underlyings or (b) fixing of a Reference Rate, or (c) fixing of a foreign exchange rate, over a period of time; 
 
"SumTime", such Reference Formula is used to determine the sum of (a) prices, levels or performances of one or more 
Underlyings or (b) fixings of a Reference Rate, or (c) fixing of a foreign exchange rate, over a period of time; 
 
"AverageTime", such Reference Formula is used to determine the arithmetic average of (a) prices, levels or performances 
of one or more Underlyings or (b) the fixings of a Reference Rate, or (c) fixing of a foreign exchange rate, over a period of 
time; 
 
"Weighted", such Reference Formula is used to determine a w eighted (a) price, level or performance of one or more 
Underlyings or (b) fixing of a Reference Rate, or (c) fixing of a foreign exchange rate; 
 
"Ranked", such Reference Formula is used to determine a rank in (a) prices, levels or performances of one or more 
Underlyings or (b) fixings of a Reference Rate, or (c) fixing of a foreign exchange rate; 
 
"Best", such Reference Formula is used to determine the best (a) price(s), level(s) or performance(s) of one or more 
Underlyings or (b) fixing(s) of a Reference Rate, or (c) fixing(s) of a foreign exchange rate; 
 
"Worst", such Reference Formula is used to determine the w orst (a) price(s), level(s) or performance(s) of one or more 
Underlyings or (b) fixing(s) of a Reference Rate, or (c) fixing(s) of a foreign exchange rate; 
 
"Large", such Reference Formula is used to determine the largest (a) price(s), level(s) or performance(s) of one or more 
Underlyings or (b) fixing(s) of a Reference Rate, or (c) fixing(s) of a foreign exchange rate; 
 
"Small", such Reference Formula is used to determine the smallest (a) price(s), level(s) or performance(s) of one or more 
Underlyings or (b) fixing(s) of a Reference Rate, or (c) fixing(s) of a foreign exchange rate; 
 
"Average", such Reference Formula is used to determine the average (a) price(s), level(s) or performance(s) of more than 
one Underlyings or (b) fixing(s) of a Reference Rate, or (c) fixing(s) of a foreign exchange rate; 
Notw ithstanding the foregoing: 
(a) 
in respect of a Product, a Reference Formula the denomination of w hich uses either "MaxTime", "MinTime", "SumTime", 
"AverageTime", "Weighted", "Ranked", "Best", "Worst", "Large", "Small" or "Average" (each a "Feature") (a "Base Reference 
Formula"), can also be used w ith each other Feature and in that case its denomination in the applicable Final Terms of the 
relevant Product shall contain the relevant Feature (an "Alternative Reference Formula") provided that in each case the 
Alternative Reference Formula shall be deemed to be part of the same Family of Reference Formulae as the Base Reference 
Formula. 
(b) 
Each "Feature" ("MaxTime", "MinTime", "SumTime", "AverageTime", "Weighted", "Ranked", "Best", "Worst", "Large", "Small" 
or "Average") can be added to any Reference Formula (a "Base Reference Formula") in a Family of Reference Formulae 
in sections 4.1 to 4.29 below  In that case its denomination in the applicable Final Terms of the relevant Product shall contain 
the relevant Feature (an "Alternative Reference Formula") provided that in each case the Alternative Reference Formula 
shall be deemed to be part of the same Family of Reference Formulae as the Base Reference Formula. 
Example: 
Section 4.9 contains the following Reference Formula:

--- Page 455 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
455 
 
AverageTimeLevel(t) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from 1 to t, of Level(i). 
Such Reference Formula may also be used with a "MaxTime" and then reads as follows: 
M axTimeAverageTimeLevel(t) means the Maximum, for i from 1 to t, of AverageTimeLevel(i), as defined in Condition 4.9 below. 
5) One / Several Underlyings 
Any Reference Formula of a Family of Reference Formulae in sections 4.1 to 4.29 below  for Products that have more than one 
Underlying and expressed as "Performance(i,k)" or "Level(i,k)" (a "Base Reference Formula") can also be used for Products that 
have one Underlying only and be expressed as "Performance(i)" or "Level(i)" (an "Alternative Reference Formula") provided that in 
each case the Alternative Reference Formula shall be deemed to be part of the same Family of Reference Formulae as the Base 
Reference Formula. 
In addition any Reference Formula of a Family of Reference Formulae in sections 4.1 to 4.29 below  for Products that have more than 
one Underlying can be used either on the w hole basket of the N Underlyings or on a sub-basket of such w hole basket. In this case, 
the prefix "Sub" w ill be added to the Reference Formula as described below . 
The prefix "Sub" can be added to any Reference Formula (a "Base Reference Formula") in a Family of Reference Formulae in 
sections 4.1 to 4.29 In that case its denomination in the applicable Final Terms of the relevant Product shall contain the prefix "Sub" 
(an "Alternative Reference Formula") provided that in each case the Alternative Reference Formula shall be deemed to be part of 
the same Family of Reference Formulae as the Base Reference Formula. 
Example: 
AverageBasketLevel(i) means the Arithmetic Average, for k from 1 to N, of Level(i, k). 
WorstPrice(i) means the Minimum, for k from 1 to N of Price(i,k). 
By introducing the notion of "Sub", it becomes: 
SubAverageBasketLevel(i, SubN1, SubN2) means the Arithmetic Average, for k from SubN1 to SubN2, of Level(i, k). 
SubWorstPrice(i, SubN1, SubN2) means the Minimum, for k from SubN1 to SubN2 of Price(i,k). 
6) Level, Performance of FX underlying 
When the denomination of a Reference Level or a Reference Performance (a "Base Reference Formula") in a Family of Reference 
Formulae in sections 4.1 to 4.29 below  is applied to a foreign exchange rate underlying, the Level or Performance retained to calculate 
a Product Amount may be expressed in a standard version like in sections 4.0 to 4.29 below  or, as the case may be, as follow s: 
FXLevel(i) means 1/ (S(i) / S(0)), w hich may also be w ritten as (S(0) / S(i)) 
FXPerformance(i) means (1 / (S(i) / S(0))) -100%, w hich may also be w ritten as (S(0) / S(i)) -100% or FXPerformance(i) means 100%  
– (S(i) / S(0)) 
FXLevel(i,k) means 1/(S(i,k) / S(0,k)), w hich may also be w ritten as (S(0,k) / S(i,k)) 
FXPerformance(i,k) means ( 1 / (S(i,k) / S(0,k))) – 100%, w hich may also be w ritten as (S(0,k) / S(i,k)) -100% or FXPerformance(i,k) 
means 100% – (S(i,k) / S(0,k)) 
In the case of a basket of underlyings: 
FXBasketPerformance(i) means 100% – BasketLevel(i) 
FXAverageBasketPerformance(i) means 100% – AverageBasketLevel(i).

--- Page 456 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
456 
 
In that case the applicable Final Terms of the relevant Product shall contain the w ord "FX" (an "Alternative Reference Formula") 
provided that in each case the Alternative Reference Formula shall be deemed to be part of the same Family of Reference Formulae 
as the Base Reference Formula. 
Example: 
Section 4.5 contains the following Reference Formula: BestPerformance(i) means the Maximum, for k from 1 to N, of 
Performance(i,k). The same Reference Formula may be applied to FX underlyings and is then expressed in the applicable Final 
Terms as follows: 
BestFXPerformance(i) means the Maximum, for k from 1 to N, of FXPerformance(i,k), with FXPerformance(i,k) means 100% – 
(S(i,k)/ S(0,k)) 
Or: BestFXPerformance(i) means the Maximum, for k from 1 to N, of FXPerformance(i,k), with FXPerformance(i,k) means (S(0,k)/ 
S(i,k)) -100% 
7) Valuation Date and Schedule: 
Depending on the cases, a ReferenceFormula may be linked to Valuation Dates, Relevant Valuation Dates (abbreviated as "RVD") 
or Schedules ({Schedule(i)}) as specified in the applicable Final Terms. A Schedule means (i) any Valuation Date(s) or Releva nt 
Valuation Date(s) or any other Date(s) enumerated in the applicable Final Terms, (ii) or any Valuation Date(s) or Relevant Valuation 
Date(s) or any other date(s) included in a period defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
a) Case of a Valuation Date 
When a Valuation Date (abbreviated as "VD") belonging to a schedule defined in the section of the definitions related to dates is 
necessary, it has to be associated to a ReferenceFormula as follow s: 
ReferenceFormula(i) may also be w ritten ReferenceFormula(VD(i)): 
 
ReferenceFormula(VD(i)) refers to the considered Valuation Date(i) 
Illustration 1: 
MaxTimeLevel(t) means the Maximum, for i from 1 to t, of Level(i). 
By introducing the notion of Quarterly Valuation Date (abbreviated as "QVD"), it becomes: 
MaxTimeLevel(QVD(t)) means the Maximum, for i from 1 to t ,of Level(QVD(i)). 
Illustration 2: 
MinTimeLevel(i) means the Minimum, for k from 1 to N, of Level(i,k). 
By introducing the notion of Daily Valuation Date (abbreviated as "DVD"): 
MinTimeLevel(DVD(i)) means the Minimum, for k from 1 to N, of Level(DVD(i),k) 
b) Case of a Schedule 
When a Schedule is necessary, it has to be associated to a ReferenceFormula as follow s: 
The Schedule may be indexed over time so as to sw itch from ReferenceFormula(i) to ReferenceFormula({Schedule(i)}): 
 
ReferenceFormula({Schedule(i)}) refers to any Dates belonging to the considered Schedule(i). 
Illustration 1:

--- Page 457 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
457 
 
MaxTimeLevel(t) means the Maximum, for i from 1 to t, of Level(i). 
By introducing the notion of Schedule, it becomes: 
MaxTimeLevel({Schedule(i)}) means the Maximum, for any t belonging to Schedule(i), of Level(t). 
Illustration 2: 
AverageTimePerformance(i) means the Arithmetic Average, for t from 1 to i, of Performance(t). 
Becomes: 
AverageTimePerformance({Schedule(i)}) means the Arithmetic Average, for any t belonging to the Schedule(i), of Performance(t). 
8) FXRate 
Any Reference Formulae of a Family of Reference Formulae in sections 4.0 to 4.27 below  may be modified by dividing and/or 
multiplying w ith the FXRate as follow s: 
Reference Formulae [ x FXRate(t1) ] [ / FXRate(t2) ] 
4.0 
Definition of S, SI and FXRate 
S(i) or S(i,k) means the Reference Price in respect of any Valuation Date(i): 
(a) 
If the Underlying (respectively Underlying(k)) is a Share, an Index, an SGI Index, a Depositary Receipt, an ETF, a Non Equity 
Security, a Commodity Index, a Fund, a Foreign Exchange Rate, an Inflation Index, an ETP or a Future, the Exchange 
Reference Price as defined in the relevant Additional Terms and Conditions for the relevant Underlying(s); and/or 
(b) 
If the Underlying (respectively Underlying(k)) is a Commodity, the relevant Commodity Reference Price as defined in the 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked Warrants; and/or 
(c) 
If the Underlying (respectively Underlying(k)) is a Reference Rate, the Reference Rate Fixing as defined in the relevant 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Reference Rate Linked Warrants; and/or 
(d) 
If the Underlying (respectively Underlying(k)) is a CDS Spread, the CDS Spread as defined in the Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants; and/or 
(e) 
If the Underlying (respectively Underlying (k)) is a Portfolio, the Portfolio Level as defined in the Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Portfolio Linked Warrants. 
Exchange Reference Price means, in respect of any date (i) and any Underlying (respectively Underlying(k)) w hich is a Share, an 
Index, a SGI Index, a Depositary Receipt (DR), an Exchange Traded Fund (ETF), an Exchange Traded Product (ETP), a Commodity 
Index, a Fund, a Foreign Exchange Rate, an Inflation Index, a Non-Equity Security or a Future, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
(a) 
If option "Closing Price" is applicable, the Closing Price of such Underlying (respectively Underlying(k)) as defined in the 
relevant Additional Terms and Conditions for the Underlying(s) as of such date (i) (as if such day (i) w ere a Valuation Date 
for the purpose of the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to such Underlying (respectively Underlying(k))); 
(b) 
If option "TWAP" is applicable, the time w eighted average price of such Underlying (respectively Underlying(k)) on such day 
(i), calculated betw een the TWAPStartTime (as defined in the applicable Final Terms) and the TWAPEndTime (as defined 
in the applicable Final Terms), as determined by the Calculation Agent;

--- Page 458 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
458 
 
(c) 
If option "VWAP" is applicable, the volume w eighted average price of such Underlying (respectively Underlying(k)) on such 
day (i), calculated betw een the VWAPStartTime (as defined in the applicable Final Terms) and the VWAPEndTime (as 
defined in the applicable Final Terms), as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(d) 
If option "Best Effort" is applicable, any of the above options, provided that the Exchange Reference Price w ill correspond 
to the Exchange Reference Price that w ould be actually obtained by Societe Generale (or any of its affiliates) if it w ere to 
hedge such Exchange Reference Price on the relevant underlying exchanges, as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(e) 
If option "Bid-Ask Spread" is applicable, then: 
a. 
if the relevant Exchange Reference Price is determined by reference to purchase order because of an increased 
exposure of the Warrant to such Underlying (respectively Underlying(k)), the resulting Exchange Reference Price 
shall be further adjusted and multiplied by (1 + SpreadMidAsk) (SpreadMidAsk being defined in the applicable Final 
Terms); and 
b. 
if the relevant Exchange Reference Price is determined by reference to sell order because of a decreased exposure 
of the Warrant to such Underlying (respectively Underlying(k)), the resulting Exchange Reference Pric e shall be 
further adjusted and multiplied by (1 – SpreadBidMid) (SpreadBidMid being defined in the applicable Final Terms);  
(f) 
If option "Opening Price" is applicable, the Opening Price of such Underlying (respectively Underlying(k)) as defined in the 
relevant Additional Terms and Conditions for the Underlying(s) as of such date (i) (as if such day (i) w ere a Valuation Date 
for the purpose of the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to such Underlying (respectively Underlying(k))); 
(g) 
If option "Fixing Price" is applicable, the [price][level][Intraday Price] of such Underlying (respectively Underlying(k)) [as 
defined in the relevant Additional Terms and Conditions for the Underlying(s)] as of such date (i) and as of the 
ReferenceFixingTime (as if such day (i) w ere a Valuation Date for the purpose of the Additional Terms and Conditions relating 
to such Underlying (respectively Underlying(k))). 
(h) 
Provided that, (1) if so provided in the applicable Final Terms, any of one of the above options may be applied in a different 
manner in respect of different Valuation Dates as of w hich such Exchange Reference Price is determined by the Calculation 
Agent and (2) if no Option is explicitly provided in the applicable Final Terms, the option "Closing Price" shall be deemed to 
have been specified as being applicable. 
SI(i) or SI(i,k) means in respect of any Valuation Date(i) and for an Underlying (respectively an Underlying(k)) w hich is a Share, an 
Index, a Depositary Receipt, an Exchange Traded Fund (ETF), a Commodity, an ETP, a Foreign Exchange Rate, a Non Equity 
Security or a Future, the Intraday Price as defined in the relevant Additional Terms and Conditions for the relevant Underlying(s). 
FXRate or FXRate(i) or FXRate(i, X, Y, Price Source, Substitute Price Source, Valuation Time) means in respect of any Valuation 
Date(i), the fixing of the foreign exchange rate expressed as X/Y (X and Y are currencies) as ascertained by the Calculation Agent 
based on the Price Source (as such term is defined in the relevant Additional Terms and Conditions for Foreign Exchange Rate Linked 
Warrants) as of the Valuation Time (as such term is defined in the relevant Additional Terms and Conditions for Foreign Exchange 
Rate Linked Warrants) provided that if no Valuation Time is specified in the applicable Final Terms, Valuation Time is deemed to be 
the cut-off time commonly used by market participants for this Price Source. If (a) the Price Source (or any page that may be 
substituted for it) is not available or (b) the fixing of the foreign exchange rate is not available on the Price Source at the Valuation 
Time, the fixing shall be the foreign exchange rate expressed as X/Y (X and Y are currencies) as ascertained by the Calculation Agent 
based on the Substitute Price Source (as such term is defined in the relevant Additional Terms and Conditions for Foreign Exchange 
Rate Linked Warrants) at the Valuation Time, failing w hich if, on the Valuation Date(i) at the Valuation Time, (a) there is no Substitute 
Price Source defined in the applicable Final Terms, (b) the Substitute Price Source (or any page that may be substituted for it) is not 
available or (c) the fixing of such foreign exchange rate is not available on the Substitute Price Source at the Valuation Time, then the 
fixing for the foreign exchange rate w ill be determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and commercially reasonable 
manner. For the avoidance of doubt, FXRate or FXRate(i) or FXRate(i, X, Y, Price Source, Substitute Price Source, Valuation Time) 
w ill not be used to determine the Closing Price of an Underlying that is a Foreign Exchange Rate. 
Variable Data: 
ReferenceFixingTime; SpreadMidAsk; SpreadBidMid; TWAPStartTime; TWAPEndTime; VWAPStartTime; VWAPEndTime

--- Page 459 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
459 
 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
4.1 
Family of « SimpleLevel » 
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of Reference Formula(e) determine the 
Price, the Level or the Performance of an Underlying. 
For Warrants indexed on one Underlying: 
Price(i) means S(i) for Underlyings other than Reference Rate. 
Performance(i) means (S(i) / S(0)) -100%. 
ReversePerformance(i) means 100% – (S(0) / S(i)) 
Level(i) means (S(i) / S(0)). 
ReverseLevel(i) means (S(0) / S(i)) 
Performance(i, Strike) means (S(i) / Strike) -100%. 
LeveragePerformance(i, Leverage) means (S(i) / S(0) -100%) x Leverage. 
LeveragePerformance(i, Leverage(i)) means (S(i) / S(0) -100%) x Leverage(i). 
Level(i, Strike) means (S(i) / Strike). 
LeverageLevel(i, Leverage) means (S(i) / S(0)) x Leverage. 
LeverageLevel(i, Leverage(i)) means (S(i) / S(0)) x Leverage(i). 
DecrementLevel(i, Decrement) means (S(i) / S(0)) x Exp( – Decrement x Act(0, i) / TimeBasis) 
IncrementLevel(i, Div) means IncrementLevel(0, Div) x (S(i) / S(0)) x (1 – Div) ^ (Act(0,i) / TimeBasis) 
Where IncrementLevel(0, Div) = Constant_InitialLevel 
IncrementPerformance(i, Div) means IncrementPerformance(0, Div) x (S(i) / S(0)) x (1 – Div) ^ (Act(0,i) / TimeBasis) – 100% 
Where IncrementPerformance(0, Div) = Constant_InitialPerformance 
IrrLevel(i) means (S(i) / S(0)) / i 
IrrLevel(i, [p][Mat]) means POW(S(i)/S(0) ; 1 / [p][Mat]). 
CappedLevel(i, Strike, Cap(i)) means the Minimum betw een Level(i, Strike) and Cap(i). 
FlooredPerformance(i, Strike, Floor(i)) means the Maximum betw een Performance(i, Strike) and Floor(i). 
IrrPerformance(i) means (S(i) / S(0) – 100%) / i 
IrrPerformance(i, [p][Mat]) means POW(S(i)/S(0) ; 1 / [p][Mat]) – 100%. 
CappedPerformance(i, Strike, Cap(i)) means the Minimum betw een Performance(i, Strike) and Cap(i). 
FlooredLevel(i, Strike, Floor(i)) means the Maximum betw een Level(i, Strike) and Floor(i).

--- Page 460 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
460 
 
DivYield(i) means POW((S(i) / S(0)) x (1 – Div) ; RVD(i)) 
For Warrants indexed on more than one Underlying: 
Price(i,k) means S(i,k) for Underlyings other than Reference Rate. 
Performance(i,k) means (S(i,k) / S(0,k)) -100%. 
ReversePerformance(i,k) means 100% – (S(0,k) / S(i,k)) 
Level(i,k) means (S(i,k) / S(0,k)). 
ReverseLevel(i,k) means (S(0,k) / S(i,k)) 
Performance(i, k, Strike(k)) means (S(i,k) / Strike(k)) -100%. 
LeveragePerformance(i, k, Leverage) means (S(i,k) / S(0,k) -100%) x Leverage. 
LeveragePerformance(i, k, Leverage(i)) means (S(i,k) / S(0,k) -100%) x Leverage(i). 
Level(i, k, Strike(k)) means (S(i,k) / Strike(k)). 
LeverageLevel(i, k, Leverage) means (S(i,k) / S(0,k)) x Leverage. 
LeverageLevel(i, k, Leverage(i)) means (S(i,k) / S(0,k)) x Leverage(i). 
DecrementLevel(i, k, Decrement) means (S(i, k) / S(0, k)) x Exp( – Decrement x Act(0, i) / TimeBasis) 
IncrementLevel(i, k, Div) means IncrementLevel(0, k, Div) x (S(i,k) / S(0,k)) x (1 – Div) ^ (Act(0,i) / TimeBasis) 
IncrementPerformance(i, k, Div) means IncrementPerformance(0, k, Div) x (S(i,k) / S(0,k)) x (1 – Div) ^ (Act(0,i) / TimeBasis) – 
100% 
Where IncrementPerformance(0, k, Div) = Constant_InitialPerformance 
IrrLevel(i, k) means (S(i,k) / S(0,k)) / i 
IrrLevel(i, k, [p] [Mat]) means POW(S(i,k) / S(0,k) ; 1 / [p] [Mat]). 
IrrPerformance(i, k) means (S(i,k) / S(0,k) – 100%) / i 
IrrPerformance(i, k, [p][Mat]) means POW(S(i,k) / S(0,k) ; 1 / [p][Mat]) – 100%. 
FlooredLevel(i, k, Strike(k), Floor(i,k)) means the Maximum betw een Level(i,k,Strike(k)) and Floor(i,k). 
CappedLevel(i, k, Strike(k), Cap(i,k)) means the Minimum betw een Level(i,k,Strike(k)) and Cap(i,k). 
FlooredPerformance(i, k, Strike(k), Floor(i,k)) means the Maximum betw een Performance(i,k,Strike(k)) and Floor(i,k). 
CappedPerformance(i, k, Strike(k), Cap(i,k)) means the Minimum betw een Performance(i, k, Strike(k)) and Cap(i,k). 
DivYield(i,k) means POW((S(i,k) / S(0,k)) x (1 – Div) ; RVD(i,k)) 
For the Family of Barrier Products where a leverage is defined for the Final Settlement Price formulae, a specific LeveragePercentage 
will be defined in the applicable Final Terms and the Strike (or Barrier) will be defined as follows: 
If the Warrants are indexed on one Underlying: Strike (or Barrier) = LeveragePercentage x S(i).

--- Page 461 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
461 
 
If the Warrants are indexed on more than one Underlying: Strike (or Barrier)= LeveragePercentage x S(i,k). 
4.2 
Family of « RankedLevel » 
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of Reference Formula(e) used only for 
Products having several Underlyings sort Underlyings based on their respective Levels in respect of a Valuation Date. 
RankedLevel(i,k) means in respect of Valuation Date(i), the Level of the Underlying having the k-th ranking w ithin a Basket made of 
N Underlyings (sorted from the smallest to the largest Levels). For the avoidance of doubt, RankedLevel(i,1) = Min(s from 1 to N) 
Level(i,s) ≤ ... ≤ RankedLevel(i,N) = Max(s from 1 to N) Level(i,s). 
WeightedRankedLevel(i, RW(i,1), ..., RW(i,N)) means the Sum, for k from 1 to N, of the Product of RW(i,k) and RankedLevel(i,k). 
MaxTimeRankedLevel(t1, t2, RW(i,1), ..., RW(i,N)) means the Maximum, for i from t1 to t2, of WeightedRankedLevel(i, RW(i,1), ..., 
RW(i,N)). 
MinTimeRankedLevel(t1, t2, RW(i,1), ..., RW(i,N)) means the Minimum, for i from t1 to t2, of WeightedRankedLevel(i, RW(i,1), ..., 
RW(i,N)). 
SumTimeRankedLevel(t1, t2, RW(i,1), ..., RW(i,N)) means the Sum, for i from t1 to t2, of WeightedRankedLevel(i, RW(i,1), ..., 
RW(i,N)). 
AverageTimeRankedLevel(t1, t2, RW(i,1), ..., RW(i,N)) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from t1 to t2, of WeightedRankedLevel(i, 
RW(i,1), ..., RW(i,N)). 
4.3 
Family of « BasketLevel » 
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of Reference Formula(e) determine a 
Basket Level and the maximum or minimum Basket Level or the sum or running average of Basket Levels over a period of time. 
BasketLevel(i) means the Sum, for k from 1 to N, of the Product of W(i,k) and Level(i,k). 
SumBasketLevel(i) means the Sum, for k from 1 to N, of Level(i,k). 
AverageBasketLevel(i) means the Arithmetic Average, for k from 1 to N, of Level(i, k). 
MaxTimeBasketLevel(t1, t2) means the Maximum, for i from t1 to t2, of BasketLevel(i). 
MinTimeBasketLevel(t1, t2) means the Minimum, for i from t1 to t2, of BasketLevel(i). 
SumTimeBasketLevel(t1, t2) means the Sum, for i from t1 to t2, of BasketLevel(i). 
AverageTimeBasketLevel(t1, t2) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from t1 to t2, of BasketLevel(i). 
AverageTimeAverageBasketLevel(t1, t2) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from t1 to t2, of AverageBasketLevel(i). 
MaxTimeBasketLevel(t) means the Maximum, for i from 1 to t, of BasketLevel(i). 
MinTimeBasketLevel(t) means the Minimum, for i from 1 to t, of BasketLevel(i). 
SumTimeBasketLevel(t) means the Sum, for i from 1 to t, of BasketLevel(i). 
AverageTimeBasketLevel(t) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from 1 to t, of BasketLevel(i). 
AverageTimeAverageBasketLevel(t) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from 1 to t, of AverageBasketLevel(i).

--- Page 462 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
462 
 
4.4 
Family of « BasketPerformance » 
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of Reference Formula(e) determine a 
Basket Performance and the maximum or minimum Basket Performance or the sum or arithmetic average Performances of the Basket 
over a period of time. 
BasketPerformance(i) means the Sum, for k from 1 to N, of the Product of W(i,k) and Performance(i,k). 
SumBasketPerformance(i) means the Sum, for k from 1 to N, of Performance(i,k) 
BasketRestrikePerformance(i) means the Sum, for k from 1 to N, of the Product of W(i,k) and RestrikePerformance(i,k). 
AverageBasketPerformance(i) 
means 
the 
Arithmetic 
Average, 
for 
k 
from 
1 
to 
N, 
of 
Performance(i, 
k).MaxTimeBasketPerformance(t1, t2) means the Maximum, for i from t1 to t2, of BasketPerformance(i). 
AverageBasketIncrementPerformance(i, Div) means the Arithmetic Average, for k from 1 to N, of IncrementPerformance(i, k, Div).  
BasketIncrementPerformance(i, Div) means the Sum, for k from 1 to N, of the Product of W(i,k) and IncrementPerformance(i, k, 
Div). 
MinTimeBasketPerformance(t1, t2) means the Minimum, for i from t1 to t2, of BasketPerformance(i). 
SumTimeBasketPerformance(t1, t2) means the Sum, for i from t1 to t2, of BasketPerformance(i). 
AverageTimeBasketPerformance(t1, t2) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from t1 to t2, of BasketPerformance(i). 
AverageTimeAverageBasketPerformance(t1, 
t2) 
means 
the 
Arithmetic 
Average, 
for 
i 
from 
t1 
to 
t2, 
of 
AverageBasketPerformance(i). 
MaxTimeBasketPerformance(t) means the Maximum, for i from 1 to t, of BasketPerformance(i). 
MinTimeBasketPerformance(t) means the Minimum, for i from 1 to t, of BasketPerformance(i). 
SumTimeBasketPerformance(t) means the Sum, for i from 1 to t, of BasketPerformance(i). 
AverageTimeBasketPerformance(t) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from 1 to t, of BasketPerformance(i). 
AverageTimeAverageBasketPerformance(t) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from 1 to t, of AverageBasketPerformance(i). 
4.5 
Family of « BestLevel » 
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of Reference Formula(e) determine, in 
respect of Products having several Underlyings, the Underlying, among several Underlyings, w ith the best Level (or the best 
Performance) in respect of a Valuation Date or over a period of time. 
BestPrice(i) means the Maximum, for k from 1 to N, of Price(i,k). 
BestPerformance(i) means the Maximum, for k from 1 to N, of Performance(i,k). 
BestLevel(i) means the Maximum, for k from 1 to N, of Level(i,k). For the avoidance of doubt, BestLevel(i) is equal to 
RankedLevel(i,N). 
BestPerformance(i, Strike(1), ..., Strike(N)) means the Maximum, for k from 1 to N, of Performance(i, k, Strike(k)). 
BestLevel(i, Strike(1), ..., Strike(N)) means the Maximum, for k from 1 to N, of Level(i, k, Strike(k)).

--- Page 463 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
463 
 
LeverageBestPerformance(i, Leverage(1), ..., Leverage(N)) means the Maximum, for k from 1 to N, of LeveragePerformance(i, k, 
Leverage(k)). 
LeverageBestLevel(i, Leverage(1), ..., Leverage(N)) means the Maximum, for k from 1 to N, of LeverageLevel(i, k, Leverage(k)). 
BestIncrementPerformance(i, Div) means the Maximum, for k from 1 to N, of IncrementPerformance(i, k, Div). 
MaxTimeBestPerformance(t) means the Maximum, for i from 1 to t, of BestPerformance(i). 
MinTimeBestPerformance(t) means the Minimum, for i from 1 to t, of BestPerformance(i). 
SumTimeBestPerformance(t) means the Sum, for i from 1 to t, of BestPerformance(i). 
AverageTimeBestPerformance(t) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from 1 to t, of BestPerformance(i). 
MaxTimeBestLevel(t) means the Maximum, for i from 1 to t, of BestLevel(i). 
MinTimeBestLevel(t) means the Minimum, for i from 1 to t, of BestLevel(i). 
SumTimeBestLevel(t) means the Sum, for i from 1 to t, of BestLevel(i). 
AverageTimeBestLevel(t) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from 1 to t, of BestLevel(i). 
4.6 
Family of « WorstLevel » 
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of Reference Formula(e) determine the 
Underlying w ith the w orst Level (or the w orst Performance) in respect of a Valuation Date or over a period of time (or the w orst Level 
or the w orst Performance of the Underlying in respect of a Valuation Date or over a period of time). 
WorstPrice(i) means the Minimum, for k from 1 to N of Price(i,k). 
WorstPerformance(i) means the Minimum, for k from 1 to N, of Performance(i,k). 
WorstLevel(i) means the Minimum, for k from 1 to N of, Level(i,k). For the avoidance of doubt, WorstLevel(i) is equal to 
RankedLevel(i,1). 
WorstPerformance(i, Strike(1), ..., Strike(N)) means the Minimum, for k from 1 to N, of Performance(i, k, Strike(k)). 
WorstLevel(i, Strike(1), ..., Strike(N)) means the Minimum, for k from 1 to N, of Level(i, k, Strike(k)). 
LeverageWorstPerformance(i, Leverage(1), ..., Leverage(N)) means the Minimum, for k from 1 to N, of LeveragePerformance(i, k, 
Leverage(k)). 
LeverageWorstLevel(i, Leverage(1), ..., Leverage(N)) means the Minimum, for k from 1 to N, of LeverageLevel(i, k, Leverage(k)). 
WorstIncrementPerformance(i, Div) means the Minimum, for k from 1 to N, of IncrementPerformance(i, k, Div). 
MaxTimeWorstPerformance(t) means the Maximum, for i from 1 to t, of WorstPerformance(i). 
MinTimeWorstPerformance(t) means the Minimum, for i from 1 to t, of WorstPerformance(i). 
SumTimeWorstPerformance(t) means the Sum, for i from 1 to t, of WorstPerformance(i). 
AverageTimeWorstPerformance(t) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from 1 to t, of WorstPerformance(i). 
MaxTimeWorstLevel(t) means the Maximum, for i from 1 to t, of WorstLevel(i).

--- Page 464 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
464 
 
MinTimeWorstLevel(t) means the Minimum, for i from 1 to t, of WorstLevel(i). 
SumTimeWorstLevel(t) means the Sum, for i from 1 to t, of WorstLevel(i). 
AverageTimeWorstLevel(t) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from 1 to t, of WorstLevel(i). 
4.7 
Family of « LargeLevel » 
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of Reference Formula(e) determine the 
Underlying(s) w ith the highest Level(s) or Performance(s) in respect of a Valuation Date or over a period of time (or the highest Level 
or Performance of the Underlying in respect of a Valuation Date or over a period of time). 
LargeLevel(i,m) means the Sum, for k from N-m+1 to N, of RankedLevel(i,k). For the avoidance of doubt, LargeLevel(i,1) = 
RankedLevel(i,N) = BestLevel(i). 
AveragingLargeLevel(i,m) means the Ratio of LargeLevel(i,m) and m. 
AverageLargeLevel(i,m) means the Arithmetic Average, for k from N-m+1 to N, of LargeLevel(i,k). 
MaxTimeLargeLevel(t,m) means the Maximum, for i from 1 to t, of LargeLevel(i,m). 
MinTimeLargeLevel(t,m) means the Minimum, for i from 1 to t, of LargeLevel(i,m). 
SumTimeLargeLevel(t,m) means the Sum, for i from 1 to t, of LargeLevel(i,m). 
AverageTimeLargeLevel(t,m) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from 1 to t, of LargeLevel(i,m). 
4.8 
Family of « SmallLevel » 
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of Reference Formula(e) determine, in 
respect of Products having several Underlyings, the Underlying(s) w ith the smallest Level(s) (or Performance(s)) in respect of a 
Valuation Date or over a period of time. 
SmallLevel(i,m) means the Sum, for k from 1 to m, of RankedLevel(i,k). 
For the avoidance of doubt, SmallLevel(i,1) = 
RankedLevel(i,1) = WorstLevel(i). 
AveragingSmallLevel(i,m) means the Ratio of SmallLevel(i,m) and m. 
AverageSmallLevel(i,m) means the Arithmetic Average, for k from 1 to m, of SmallLevel(i,k). 
MaxTimeSmallLevel(t,m) means the Maximum, for i from 1 to t, of SmallLevel(i,m). 
MinTimeSmallLevel(t,m) means the Minimum, for i from 1 to t, of SmallLevel(i,m). 
SumTimeSmallLevel(t,m) means the Sum, for i from 1 to t, of SmallLevel(i,m). 
AverageTimeSmallLevel(t,m) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from 1 to t, of SmallLevel(i,m). 
4.9 
Family of « TimeLevel » 
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of Reference Formula(e) determine the 
maximum or minimum Price, Level or Performance of an Underlying, the running sum or average of the Price, Level or Performanc e 
of an Underlying over a period of time. 
MaxTimeLevel(t) means the Maximum, for i from 1 to t, of Level(i). 
MinTimeLevel(t) means the Minimum, for i from 1 to t, of Level(i).

--- Page 465 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
465 
 
SumTimeLevel(t) means the Sum, for i from 1 to t, of Level(i). 
AverageTimeLevel(t) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from 1 to t, of Level(i). 
MaxTimeLevel(t,k) means the Maximum, for i from 1 to t, of Level(i,k). 
MinTimeLevel(t,k) means the Minimum, for i from 1 to t, of Level(i,k). 
SumTimeLevel(t,k) means the Sum, for i from 1 to t, of Level(i,k). 
AverageTimeLevel(t,k) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from 1 to t, of Level(i,k). 
FlooredMinTimeLevel(t,k) means, for i from 1 to t, the Maximum betw een MinTimeLevel(i,k) and Floor(k). 
CappedMaxTimeLevel(t,k) means, for i from 1 to t, the Minimum betw een MaxTimeLevel(i,k) and Cap(k). 
MaxTimeLevel(t1,t2) means the Maximum, for i from t1 to t2, of Level(i). 
MinTimeLevel(t1,t2) means the Minimum, for i from t1 to t2, of Level(i). 
SumTimeLevel(t1,t2) means the Sum, for i from t1 to t2, of Level(i). 
AverageTimeLevel(t1,t2) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from t1 to t2, of Level(i). 
MaxTimeLevel(t1,t2,k) means the Maximum, for i from t1 to t2, of Level(i,k). 
MinTimeLevel(t1,t2,k) means the Minimum, for i from t1 to t2, of Level(i,k). 
SumTimeLevel(t1,t2,k) means the Sum, for i from t1 to t2, of Level(i,k). 
AverageTimeLevel(t1,t2,k) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from t1 to t2, of Level(i,k). 
MaxTimePerformance(t) means the Maximum, for i from 1 to t, of Performance(i). 
MinTimePerformance(t) means the Minimum, for i from 1 to t, of Performance(i). 
SumTimePerformance(t) means the Sum, for i from 1 to t, of Performance(i). 
AverageTimePerformance(t) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from 1 to t, of Performance(i). 
MaxTimePerformance(t,k) means the Maximum, for i from 1 to t, of Performance(i,k). 
MinTimePerformance(t,k) means the Minimum, for i from 1 to t, of Performance(i,k). 
SumTimePerformance(t,k) means the Sum, for i from 1 to t, of Performance(i,k). 
AverageTimePerformance(t,k) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from 1 to t, of Performance(i,k). 
FlooredMinTimePerformance(t,k) means, for i from 1 to t, the Maximum betw een MinTimePerformance(i,k) and Floor(k). 
CappedMaxTimePerformance(t,k) means, for i from 1 to t, the Minimum betw een MaxTimePerformance(i,k) and Cap(k). 
MaxTimePerformance(t1,t2) means the Maximum, for i from t1 to t2, of Performance(i). 
MinTimePerformance(t1,t2) means the Minimum, for i from t1 to t2, of Performance(i). 
SumTimePerformance(t1,t2) means the Sum, for i from t1 to t2, of Performance(i).

--- Page 466 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
466 
 
AverageTimePerformance(t1,t2) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from t1 to t2, of Performance(i). 
MaxTimePerformance(t1,t2,k) means the Maximum, for i from t1 to t2, of Performance(i,k). 
MinTimePerformance(t1,t2,k) means the Minimum, for i from t1 to t2, of Performance(i,k). 
SumTimePerformance(t1,t2,k) means the Sum, for i from t1 to t2, of Performance(i,k). 
AverageTimePerformance(t1,t2,k) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from t1 to t2, of Performance(i,k). 
MaxTimePrice(t) means the Maximum, for i from 1 to t, of Price(i). 
MinTimePrice(t) means the Minimum, for i from 1 to t, of Price(i). 
SumTimePrice(t) means the Sum, for i from 1 to t, of Price(i). 
AverageTimePrice(t) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from 1 to t, of Price(i). 
MaxTimePrice(t,k) means the Maximum, for i from 1 to t, of Price(i,k). 
MinTimePrice(t,k) means the Minimum, for i from 1 to t, of Price(i,k). 
SumTimePrice(t,k) means the Sum, for i from 1 to t, of Price(i,k). 
AverageTimePrice(t,k) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from 1 to t, of Price(i,k). 
MaxTimePrice(t1,t2) means the Maximum, for i from t1 to t2, of Price(i). 
MinTimePrice(t1,t2) means the Minimum, for i from t1 to t2, of Price(i). 
SumTimePrice(t1,t2) means the Sum, for i from t1 to t2, of Price(i). 
AverageTimePrice(t1,t2) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from t1 to t2, of Price(i). 
MaxTimePrice(t1,t2,k) means the Maximum, for i from t1 to t2, of Price(i,k). 
MinTimePrice(t1,t2,k) means the Minimum, for i from t1 to t2, of Price(i,k). 
SumTimePrice(t1,t2,k) means the Sum, for i from t1 to t2, of Price(i,k). 
AverageTimePrice(t1,t2,k) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from t1 to t2, of Price(i,k). 
4.10 
Family of « RankedTime » 
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of Reference Formula(e) sort, in respect 
of Products having several Underlyings, Underlyings based on their respective MaxTimeLevels, MinTimeLevels, SumTimeLevels or 
AverageTimeLevels (determined by applying a Reference Formula of the Family of Reference Formulae "Time Level") in respect of  
a Valuation Date or over a period of time. 
RankedMaxTimeLevel(i,k) means in respect of Valuation Date(i), the ranking of Underlyings based on their respective MaxTimeLeve l 
from the smallest value to the largest value. For the avoidance of doubt, RankedMaxTimeLevel(i,1) 
= Min(s from 1 to N) 
MaxTimeLevel(i,s) ≤ ... ≤ RankedMaxTimeLevel(i,N) = Max(s from 1 to N) MaxTimeLevel(i,s). 
RankedMinTimeLevel(i,k) means in respect of Valuation Date(i), the ranking of Underlyings based on their respective MinTimeLeve l 
from the smallest value to the largest value. For the avoidance of doubt, RankedMinTimeLevel(i,1) 
= Min(s from 1 to N) 
MinTimeLevel(i,s) ≤ ... ≤ RankedMinTimeLevel(i,N) = Max(s from 1 to N) MinTimeLevel(i,s).

--- Page 467 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
467 
 
RankedSumTimeLevel(i,k) means in respect of Valuation Date(i), the ranking of Underlyings based on their respec tive 
SumTimeLevel from the smallest value to the largest value. For the avoidance of doubt, RankedSumTimeLevel(i,1) = Min(s from 1 to 
N) SumTimeLevel(i,s) ≤ ... ≤ RankedSumTimeLevel(i,N) = Max(s from 1 to N) SumTimeLevel(i,s). 
RankedAverageTimeLevel(i,k) means in respect of Valuation Date(i), the ranking of Underlyings based on their respective 
AverageTimeLevel from the smallest value to the largest value. For the avoidance of doubt, RankedAverageTimeLevel(i,1) = Min( s 
from 1 to N) AverageTimeLevel(i,s) ≤ ... ≤ RankedAverageTimeLevel(i,N) = Max(s from 1 to N) AverageTimeLevel(i,s). 
4.11 
Family of « WeightedMaxTimeLevel » 
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of Reference Formula(e) determine the 
maximum or minimum value or the sum or average (over a period of time) of the w eighted sum of the MaxTimeLevels. 
WeightedMaxTimeLevel(i) means the Sum, for k from 1 to N, of the Product W(i,k) and MaxTimeLevel(i,k). 
MaxTimeWeightedMaxTimeLevel(t) means the Maximum, for i from 1 to t, of WeightedMaxTimeLevel(i). 
MinTimeWeightedMaxTimeLevel(t) means the Minimum, for i from 1 to t, of WeightedMaxTimeLevel(i). 
SumTimeWeightedMaxTimeLevel(t) means the Sum, for i from 1 to t, of WeightedMaxTimeLevel(i). 
AverageTimeWeightedMaxTimeLevel(t) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from 1 to t, of WeightedMaxTimeLevel(i). 
4.12 
Family of « WeightedMinTimeLevel » 
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of Reference Formula(e) determine the 
maximum or minimum value or the sum or average (over a period of time) of the w eighted sum of the MinTimeLevels. 
WeightedMinTimeLevel(i) means the Sum, for k from 1 to N, of the Product of W(i,k) and MinTimeLevel(i,k). 
MaxTimeWeightedMinTimeLevel(t) means the Maximum, for i from 1 to t, of WeightedMinTimeLevel(i). 
MinTimeWeightedMinTimeLevel(t) means the Minimum, for i from 1 to t, of WeightedMinTimeLevel(i). 
SumTimeWeightedMinTimeLevel(t) means the Sum, for i from 1 to t, of WeightedMinTimeLevel(i). 
AverageTimeWeightedMinTimeLevel(t) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from 1 to t, of WeightedMinTimeLevel(i). 
4.13 
Family of « WeightedSumTimeLevel » 
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of Reference Formula(e) determine the 
w eighted sum of the SumTimeLevels (determined by applying a Reference Formula of the Family of Reference Formulae "Time 
Level") and the maximum or minimum value, the sum or the w eighted average of such SumTime Levels. 
WeightedSumTimeLevel(i) means the Sum, for k from 1 to N, of the Product of W(i,k) and SumTimeLevel(i,k). 
MaxTimeWeightedSumTimeLevel(t) means the Maximum, for i from 1 to t, of WeightedSumTimeLevel(i). 
MinTimeWeightedSumTimeLevel(t) means the Minimum, for i from 1 to t, of WeightedSumTimeLevel(i). 
SumTimeWeightedSumTimeLevel(t) means the Sum, for i from 1 to t, of WeightedSumTimeLevel(i). 
AverageTimeWeightedSumTimeLevel(t) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from 1 to t, of WeightedSumTimeLevel(i).

--- Page 468 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
468 
 
4.14 
Family of « WeightedAverageTimeLevel » 
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of Reference Formula(e) determine the 
w eighted sum of the AverageTimeLevels (determined by applying a Reference Formula of the Family of Reference Formulae "Time 
Level") and the maximum or minimum value, the sum or the w eighted average of such AverageTimeLevels. 
WeightedAverageTimeLevel(i) means the Sum, for k from 1 to N, of the Product of W(i,k) and AverageTimeLevel(i,k). 
MaxTimeWeightedAverageTimeLevel(t) means the Maximum, for i from 1 to t, of WeightedAverageTimeLevel(i). 
MinTimeWeightedAverageTimeLevel(t) means the Minimum, for i from 1 to t, of WeightedAverageTimeLevel(i). 
SumTimeWeightedAverageTimeLevel(t) means the Sum, for i from 1 to t, of WeightedAverageTimeLevel(i). 
AverageTimeWeightedAverageTimeLevel(t) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from 1 to t, of WeightedAverageTimeLevel(i). 
4.15 
Family of « WorstTimeLevel » 
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of Reference Formula(e) determine 
amongst the Underlyings comprising the Basket the w orst RankedTime Levels (determined by applying a Reference Formula of the 
Family of Reference Formulae "RankedTime Levels"). 
WorstMaxTimeLevel(i) means RankedMaxTimeLevel(i,1). 
WorstMinTimeLevel(i) means RankedMinTimeLevel(i,1). 
WorstSumTimeLevel(i) means RankedSumTimeLevel(i,1). 
WorstAverageTimeLevel(i) means RankedAverageTimeLevel(i,1). 
4.16 
Family of « BestTimeLevel » 
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of Reference Formula(e) determine 
amongst the Underlyings comprising the Basket the best RankedTime Levels (determined by applying a Reference Formula of the 
Family of Reference Formulae "RankedTime Levels"). 
BestMaxTimeLevel(i) means RankedMaxTimeLevel(i,N). 
BestMinTimeLevel(i) means RankedMinTimeLevel(i,N). 
BestSumTimeLevel(i) means RankedSumTimeLevel(i,N). 
BestAverageTimeLevel(i) means RankedAverageTimeLevel(i,N). 
4.17 
Family of « RestrikePerformance » 
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of Reference Formula(e) determine 
Performances and Levels betw een tw o consecutive Valuation Dates. 
RestrikeLevel(i) means (S(i) / S(i-1)). 
RestrikeLevel(i, Floor(i), Cap(i)) means Max(Floor(i) ; Min(Cap(i) ; (S(i) / S(i-1)))). 
RestrikeLevel(i, Cap(i)) means Min(Cap(i) ; (S(i) / S(i-1))). 
RestrikeLevel(i, Floor(i)) means Max(Floor(i) ; (S(i) / S(i-1)))

--- Page 469 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
469 
 
NegativeRestrikeLevel(i) means RestrikeLevel(i, 1). 
RestrikeLevel(i,k) means (S(i,k) / S(i-1,k)). 
RestrikeLevel(i, k, Floor(i,k), Cap(i,k)) means Max(Floor(i,k) ; Min(Cap(i,k) ; (S(i,k) / S(i-1,k)))). 
RestrikeLevel(i, k, Cap(i,k)) means Min(Cap(i,k) ; (S(i,k) / S(i-1,k))). 
RestrikeLevel(i, k, Floor(i,k)) means Max(Floor(i,k) ; (S(i,k) / S(i-1,k))) 
BasketRestrikeLevel(i) means the Sum, for k from 1 to N, of the Product of W(i,k) and RestrikeLevel(i,k). 
MaxTimeRestrikeLevel(i, Lag) means the Maximum for t from Max(1 ; i-Lag+1) to i, of RestrikeLevel(t). 
MaxTimeBasketRestrikeLevel(i, Lag) means the Maximum for t from Max(1 ; i-Lag+1) to i, of BasketRestrikeLevel(t). 
RestrikePerformance(i) means (S(i) / S(i-1)) -100%. 
RestrikePerformance(i,k) means (S(i,k) / S(i-1,k)) -100%. 
RestrikePerformance(i, Floor(i), Cap(i)) means Max(Floor(i) ; Min(Cap(i) ; (S(i) / S(i-1)) -100%)). 
RestrikePerformance(i, Floor, Cap) means Max(Floor ; Min(Cap ; (S(i) / S(i-1)) -100%)). 
RestrikePerformance(i, Cap(i)) means Min(Cap(i) ; (S(i) / S(i-1)) -100%). 
RestrikePerformance(i, Cap) means Min(Cap ; (S(i) / S(i-1)) -100%). 
NegativeRestrikePerformance(i) means RestrikePerformance(i, 0). 
SumTimeRestrikePerformance(i) means the Sum, for t from 1 to i of RestrikePerformance(t). 
SumTimeRestrikePerformance(i, Floor(1), ... Floor(i), Cap(1), ..., Cap(i)) means the Sum, for t from 1 to i of RestrikePerformance(t, 
Floor(t), Cap(t)). 
SumTimeRestrikePerformance(i, Cap(1), ..., Cap(i)) means the Sum, for t from 1 to i, of RestrikePerformance(t, Cap(t)). 
SumTimeRestrikePerformance(i, Floor, Cap) means the Sum, for t from 1 to i of RestrikePerformance(t, Floor, Cap). 
SumTimeRestrikePerformance(i, Cap) means the Sum, for t from 1 to i, of RestrikePerformance(t, Cap). 
SumTimeNegativeRestrikePerformance(i) means the Sum, for t from 1 to i, of NegativeRestrikePerformance(t). 
ProductTimeRestrikePerformance(i) means the Difference betw een (a) the Product, for t from 1 to i, of RestrikePerformance(t) and 
(b) 100%. 
ProductTimeRestrikePerformance(i, Floor(1), ... Floor(i), Cap(1), ..., Cap(i)) means the Difference betw een (a) the Product, for t 
from 1 to i, of RestrikePerformance(t, Floor(t), Cap(t)) and (b) 100%. 
ProductTimeRestrikePerformance(i, Cap(1), ..., Cap(i)) means the Difference betw een (a) the Product, for t from 1 to i, of 
RestrikePerformance(t, Cap(t)) and (b) 100%. 
ProductTimeRestrikePerformance(i, Floor, Cap) means the Difference betw een (a) the Product, for t from 1 to i, of 
RestrikePerformance(t, Floor, Cap) and (b) 100%. 
ProductTimeRestrikePerformance(i, Cap) means the Difference betw een (a) the Product, for t from 1 to i, of RestrikePerformance(t, 
Cap) and (b) 100%.

--- Page 470 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
470 
 
ProductTimeNegativeRestrikePerformance(i) means the Difference betw een (a) the Product, for t from 1 to i, of the 
NegativeRestrikePerformance(t) and (b) 100%. 
MinTimeRestrikePerformance(i) means the Minimum, for t from 1 to i, of RestrikePerformance(t). 
MinTimeRestrikePerformance(i, Floor(1), ... Floor(i), Cap(1), ..., Cap(i)) means the Minimum, 
for t from 1 to i, of 
RestrikePerformance(t, Floor(t), Cap(t)). 
MinTimeRestrikePerformance(i, Cap(1), ..., Cap(i)) means the Minimum, for t from 1 to i, of RestrikePerformance(t, Cap(t)). 
MinTimeRestrikePerformance(i, Floor, Cap) means the Minimum, for t from 1 to i, of RestrikePerformance(t, Floor, Cap). 
MinTimeRestrikePerformance(i, Cap) means the Minimum, for t from 1 to i, of RestrikePerformance(t, Cap). 
MinTimeNegativeRestrikePerformance(i) means the Minimum, for t from 1 to i, of NegativeRestrikePerformance(t). 
MaxTimeSumTimeRestrikePerformance(i) means the Maximum, for t from 1 to i, of SumTimeRestrikePerformance(t). 
MaxTimeSumTimeRestrikePerformance(i, Floor(1), ... Floor(i), Cap(1), ..., Cap(i)) means the Maximum, for t from 1 to i, of 
SumTimeRestrikePerformance(t, Floor(t), Cap(t)). 
MaxTimeSumTimeRestrikePerformance(i, 
Cap(1), 
..., 
Cap(i)) 
means 
the 
Maximum, 
for 
t 
from 
1 
to 
i, 
of 
SumTimeRestrikePerformance(t, Cap(t)). 
MaxTimeSumTimeRestrikePerformance(i, Floor, Cap) means the Maximum, for t from 1 to i, of SumTimeRestrikePerformance(t, 
Floor, Cap). 
MaxTimeSumTimeRestrikePerformance(i, Cap) means the Maximum, for t from 1 to i, of SumTimeRestrikePerformance(t, Cap). 
MaxTimeProductTimeRestrikePerformance(i) means the Maximum, for t from 1 to i, of ProductTimeRestrikePerformance(t). 
MaxTimeProductTimeRestrikePerformance(i, Floor(1), ... Floor(i), Cap(1), ..., Cap(i)) means the Maximum, for t from 1 to i, of 
ProductTimeRestrikePerformance(t, Floor(t), Cap(t)). 
MaxTimeProductTimeRestrikePerformance(i, Cap(1), 
..., 
Cap(i)) means 
the 
Maximum, 
for t 
from 
1 
to 
i, 
of 
ProductTimeRestrikePerformance(t, Cap(t)). 
MaxTimeProductTimeRestrikePerformance(i, 
Floor, 
Cap) 
means 
the 
Maximum, 
for 
t 
from 
1 
to 
i, 
of 
ProductTimeRestrikePerformance(t, Floor, Cap). 
MaxTimeProductTimeRestrikePerformance(i, Cap) means the Maximum, for t from 1 to i, of ProductTimeRestrikePerformance(t, 
Cap). 
RestrikeSmoothieLevel(i, Downside, Upside) means 100% + Upside x Max(0 ; S(i) / S(i-1) – 100%) – Dow nside x Min(0 ; S(i) / 
S(i-1) – 100%). 
SmoothiePerformance(i, Downside, Upside) means the Difference betw een (a) the Product, for t from 1 to i, of 
RestrikeSmoothieLevel(t, Dow nside, Upside) and (b) 100%. 
4.18 
Family of « ModifiedPerformance » 
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of Reference Formula(e) set a maximum 
value ("Cap"), a minimum value ("Floor") for a Level or a Performance or a participation factor applied to a Performance or to the 
difference betw een a Level or a Performance and a Threshold. 
ModifiedPerformance(i, k, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Dow nside(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) means:

--- Page 471 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
471 
 
 
If Performance(i,k) is higher than [or equal to] Threshold(i), then: 
ModifiedPerformance(i, k, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Dow nside(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) = Min(Cap(i) ; Upside(i) x Performance(i,k) ) 
 
If Performance(i,k) is low er than [or equal to] Threshold(i), then: 
ModifiedPerformance(i, k, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Dow nside(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) = Max(Floor(i) ; Dow nside(i) x Performance(i,k)). 
ModifiedPerformance(i, k, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Downside(i), UpCap(i), UpFloor(i), DownCap(i), DownFloor(i))  means: 
 
If Performance(i,k) is higher than [or equal to] Threshold(i), then: 
ModifiedPerformance(i, k, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Dow nside(i), UpCap(i), UpFloor(i), Dow nCap(i), Dow nFloor(i)) = Max(UpFloor (i) ; 
Min(UpCap(i) ; Upside(i) x Performance(i,k))) 
 
If Performance(i,k) is low er than [or equal to] Threshold(i), then: 
ModifiedPerformance(i, k, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Dow nside(i), UpCap(i), UpFloor(i), Dow nCap(i), Dow nFloor(i)) = Max(Dow nFloor(i) 
; Min(Dow nCap(i) ; Dow nside(i) x Performance(i,k))). 
ModifiedTarget(i, Target(i), Threshold(i-1), ReferenceFormula(i-1)) means: 
 
If ReferenceFormula(i-1) is [higher] [low er] than [or equal to] Threshold(i-1), then: 
ModifiedTarget(i, 
Target(i), 
Threshold(i-1), 
ReferenceFormula(i-1)) 
= 
ModifiedTarget(i-1, 
Target(i-1), 
Threshold(i-2), 
ReferenceFormula(i-2)) + Target(i) 
 
If ReferenceFormula(i-1) is [higher] [low er] than [or equal to] Threshold(i-1), then: 
ModifiedTarget(i, 
Target(i), 
Threshold(i-1), 
ReferenceFormula(i-1)) 
= 
ModifiedTarget(i-1, 
Target(i-1), 
Threshold(i-2), 
ReferenceFormula(i-2)) 
For the avoidance of doubt, if i from t1 to t2, ModifiedTarget(t1, Target(t1), Threshold(t1-1), ReferenceFormula(t1-1)) means the initial 
value of ModifiedTarget(i, Target(i), Threshold(i-1), ReferenceFormula(i-1)) as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
ModifiedRestrikePerformance(i, k, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Downside(i), UpCap(i), UpFloor(i), DownCap(i), DownFloor(i)) 
means: 
 
If RestrikePerformance(i,k) is higher than [or equal to] Threshold(i), then: 
ModifiedRestrikePerformance(i, 
k, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Dow nside(i), UpCap(i), 
UpFloor(i), 
Dow nCap(i), Dow nFloor(i)) = 
Max(UpFloor(i) ; Min(UpCap(i) ; Upside(i) x RestrikePerformance(i,k))) 
 
If RestrikePerformance(i,k) is low er than [or equal to] Threshold(i), then: 
ModifiedRestrikePerformance(i, 
k, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Dow nside(i), UpCap(i), 
UpFloor(i), 
Dow nCap(i), Dow nFloor(i)) = 
Max(Dow nFloor(i) ; Min(Dow nCap(i) ; Dow nside(i) x RestrikePerformance(i,k))). 
ModifiedLevel(i, k, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Downside(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) means: 
 
If Level(i,k) is higher than [or equal to] Threshold(i), then: 
ModifiedLevel(i, k, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Dow nside(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) = Min(Cap(i) ; Upside(i) x (Level(i,k) – Threshold(i))) 
 
If Level(i,k) is low er than [or equal to] Threshold(i), then:, 
ModifiedLevel(i, k, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Dow nside(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) = Max(Floor(i) ; Dow nside(i) x (Level(i,k) – Threshold(i))).

--- Page 472 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
472 
 
ModifiedLevel(i, k, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Downside(i), UpCap(i), UpFloor(i), DownCap(i), DownFloor(i))  means: 
 
If Level(i,k) is higher than [or equal to] Threshold(i), then: 
ModifiedLevel(i, k, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Dow nside(i), UpCap(i), UpFloor(i), Dow nCap(i), Dow nFloor(i)) = Max(UpFloor(i) ; 
Min(UpCap(i) ; Upside(i) x (Level(i,k) – Threshold(i)))) 
 
If Level(i,k) is low er than [or equal to] Threshold(i), then: 
ModifiedLevel(i, k, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Dow nside(i), UpCap(i), UpFloor(i), Dow nCap(i), Dow nFloor(i)) = Max(Dow nFloor(i) ; 
Min(Dow nCap(i) ; Dow nside(i) x (Level(i,k) – Threshold(i)))). 
AverageModifiedPerformance(i, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Downside(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) means the Arithmetic Average, for k from 
1 to N, of ModifiedPerformance(i, k, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Dow nside(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)). 
AverageModifiedPerformance(i, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Downside(i), UpCap(i), UpFloor(i), DownCap(i), DownFloor(i)) means 
the Arithmetic Average, for k from 1 to N, of ModifiedPerformance(i, k, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Dow nside(i), UpCap(i), UpFloor(i), 
Dow nCap(i), Dow nFloor(i)). 
CappedModifiedPerformance(i, k, Cap(i,k)) means the Minimum betw een Performance(i,k) and Cap(i,k). 
FlooredModifiedPerformance(i, k, Floor(i,k)) means the Maximum betw een Performance(i,k) and Floor(i,k). 
LeveragedCappedModifiedPerformance(i, k, Upside(i), Downside(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) means: 
 
If Performance(i,k) is higher than [or equal to] 0%, then: 
LeveragedCappedModifiedPerformance(i, k, Upside(i), Dow nside(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) = Min(Cap(i) ; Upside(i) x Performance(i,k)) 
 
If Performance(i,k) is low er than [or equal to] 0%, then: 
LeveragedCappedModifiedPerformance(i, k, Upside(i), Dow nside(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) = Max(Floor(i); Dow nside(i) x Performance(i,k)).  
For the avoidance of doubt, LeveragedCappedModifiedPerformance(i, k, Upside(i), Cap(i)) is equal to ModifiedPerformance(i, k, 0%, 
Upside(i), Dow nside(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)). 
ModifiedJadePerformance(i, k, Threshold(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) means: 
 
If Performance(i,k) is higher than [or equal to] Threshold(i), then: 
ModifiedJadePerformance(i, k, Threshold(i), Cap(i), Floor (i)) means Cap(i) 
 
If Performance(i,k) is low er than [or equal to] Threshold(i), then: 
ModifiedJadePerformance(i, k, Threshold(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) means the Maximum betw een Floor(i) and Performance(i,k). 
AverageCappedModifiedPerformance(i, Cap(i)) means the Arithmetic Average, for k from 1 to N, of CappedModifiedPerformance(i, 
k, Cap(i)). 
LeveragedAverageCappedModifiedPerformance(i, Upside(i), Cap(i)) means the Arithmetic Average, for k from 1 to N, of 
LeveragedCappedModifiedPerformance(i, k, Upside(i), Cap(i)). 
AverageModifiedJadePerformance(i, Threshold(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) means the Arithmetic Average, for k from 1 to N, of Modified 
Jade Performance(i, k, Threshold(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)). 
ModifiedEventPerformance(i, k, Payout(i), Upside(i), Cap(i), Floor(i), ReferenceFormula(i,k)) means:

--- Page 473 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
473 
 
 
If a[n] [European] [American] Knock-In Event(i) is deemed to have [not] occurred, then: 
ModifiedEventPerformance(i, k, Payout(i), Upside(i), Cap(i), Floor(i), ReferenceFormula(i,k)) = Max(Floor(i) ; Min(Cap(i) ; Upside(i) x 
ReferenceFormula(i,k))) 
 
If a[n] [European] [American] Knock-In Event(i) is deemed to have [not] occurred, then: 
ModifiedEventPerformance(i, k, Payout(i), Upside(i), Cap(i), Floor(i), ReferenceFormula(i,k)) = Payout(i) 
4.19 
Family of « FreezeModifiedPerformance » 
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of Reference Formula(e) freeze the 
Performances of Underlyings w ithin a Basket, subject to the actual Performance of the Underlyings being above a threshold, before 
ejecting them from the Basket. 
FreezeModifiedJadePerformance(i, k, Threshold(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) means: 
 
If for every t betw een 1 and i, Performance(t,k) is low er than [or equal to] Threshold(t), then: 
FreezeModifiedJadePerformance(i, k, Threshold(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) means the Maximum betw een Floor(i) and Performance(i,k) 
 
If for at least one t betw een 1 and i, Performance(t,k) is higher than [or equal to] Threshold(t), then: 
FreezeModifiedJadePerformance(i, k, Threshold(i), Cap(i), Floor (i)) means Cap(i) 
AverageFreezeModifiedJadePerformance(i, Threshold(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) means the Arithmetic Average, for k from 1 to N, of 
FreezeModifiedJadePerformance(i, k, Threshold(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)). 
FreezeModifiedJadePerformance(i, k, Threshold(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) and 
AverageFreezeModifiedJadePerformance(i, 
Threshold(i), 
Cap(i), 
Floor(i)) 
can 
be 
renamed, 
respectively, 
MemoryKnockOutPerformance(i, k, Threshold(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) and AverageMemoryKnockOutPerformance(i, Threshold(i), Cap(i),  
Floor(i)), if relevant and appropriate. 
4.20 
Family of « Himalaya & Emerald ReferenceLevel » 
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of Reference Formula(e) determine 
overtime the locked-in levels of Underlying(s) having the best performance among the remaining Underlyings comprising the Basket. 
"M" means the number of Underlyings ejected from the Basket in respect of a Valuation Date. 
EjectBasket(i,M) means in respect of Valuation Date(i), EjectBasket(i-1,M) from w hich is ejected, for k from 1 to M, the 
BestPerformers(i,k). EjectBasket(0,M) means the initial basket of Underlyings as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
WorstEjectBasket(i,M) means in respect of Valuation Date(i), WorstEjectBasket(i-1,M) from w hich is ejected, for k from 1 to M, the 
WorstPerformers(i,k). WorstEjectBasket(0,M) means the initial basket of Underlyings as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
BestPerformers(i,M) means in respect of Valuation Date(i), the M Underlying(s) having the best Performance(s) among the 
Underlyings comprising the EjectBasket(i-1,M). 
WorstPerformers(i,M) means in respect of Valuation Date(i), the M Underlying(s) having the w orst Performance(s) among the 
Underlyings comprising the WorstEjectBasket(i-1,M). 
BestPerformersLevel(i,M) means in respect of Valuation Date(i), LargeLevel(i,M) for the Underlyings comprising EjectBasket(i-1,M). 
WorstPerformersLevel(i,M) means 
in 
respect of Valuation 
Date(i), 
SmallLevel(i,M) 
for the 
Underlyings 
comprising 
WorstEjectBasket(i-1,M).

--- Page 474 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
474 
 
FreePerformersLevel(i,M) means 
in respect of Valuation 
Date(i), 
LargeLevel(i,N-Mxi) 
for the Underlyings 
comprising 
EjectBasket(i,M). 
SumTimeBestPerformersLevel(i,M) means in respect of Valuation Date(i), the Sum for t from 1 to i of BestPerformersLevel(t,M). 
AverageFreeBestPerformersLevel(i,M) means in respect of Valuation Date(i), the Ratio betw een (a) the Sum of 
SumTimeBestPerformersLevel(i,M) 
and 
FreePerformersLevel(i,M) 
and 
(b) 
N. 
For 
the 
avoidance 
of 
doubt, 
AverageFreeBestPerformersLevel(i,M) may also be named HimalayaLevel(i,M). 
MaximumAverageFreeBestPerformersLevel(i,M) means in respect of Valuation Date(i), the Maximum, for t from 1 to i, of 
HimalayaLevel(t,M). 
For the avoidance 
of doubt, 
MaximumAverageFreeBestPerformersLevel(i,M) 
may 
also be named 
EmeraldLevel(i,M). 
BestPerformersModifiedLevel(i, M, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Downside(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) means in respect of Valuation Date(i), 
the Sum for k from 1 to M of ModifiedLevel(i, k, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Dow nside(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) of BestPerformers(i,M). 
FreePerformersModifiedLevel(i, M, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Downside(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) means in respect of Valuation Date(i), 
the Sum for k from 1 to N-Mxi of ModifiedLevel(i, k, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Dow nside(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) of the Underlyings comprising 
EjectBasket(i,M). 
SumTimeBestPerformersModifiedLevel(i, M, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Downside(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) means in respect of 
Valuation Date(i), the Sum for t from 1 to i of BestPerformersModifiedLevel(t, M, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Dow nside(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)). 
AverageFreeBestPerformersModifiedLevel(i, M, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Downside(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) means in respect of 
Valuation Date(i), the Ratio betw een (a) the Sum of SumTimeBestPerformersModifiedLevel(t, M, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Dow nside(i), 
Cap(i), Floor(i)) and FreePerformersModifiedLevel(i, M, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Dow nside(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) and (b) N. For the 
avoidance of doubt, AverageFreeBestPerformersModifiedLevel(i, M, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Dow nside(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) may also 
be named ModifiedHimalayaLevel(i, M, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Downside(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)). 
MaximumAverageFreeBestPerformersModifiedLevel(i, M, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Downside(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) means in 
respect of Valuation Date(i), the Maximum, for t from 1 to i, of ModifiedHimalayaLevel(t, M, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Dow nside(i), 
Cap(i), Floor(i)). For the avoidance of doubt, MaximumAverageFreeBestPerformersModifiedLevel(i, 
M, Threshold(i), Upside(i), 
Dow nside(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) may also be named ModifiedEmeraldLevel(i, M, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Downside(i), Cap(i), 
Floor(i)). 
4.21 
Family of « RangeAccrual » 
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of Reference Formula(e) determine the 
ratio betw een (i) the number of Valuation Dates for w hich a certain Level, Price or Performance is in or out predefined boundaries 
and (ii) the total number of Valuation Dates. 
4.21.1 
RangeAccrual: 
[RangeAccrual({Schedule(i)}, 
LowerBound(i), 
UpperBound(i), 
ReferenceFormula_LowerBound, 
ReferenceFormula_UpperBound)] 
or 
[RangeAccrual({Schedule(i)}, 
LowerBound(i), 
UpperBound(i), 
[ReferenceFormula_LowerandUpperBound)] or [Range Knock-In Event(i)]] means in respect of Schedule(i), the Ratio n(i) / N(i), 
Where: 
n(i) means 
the 
number 
of date(s)(t) as specified 
in 
the 
applicable 
Final 
Terms 
w ithin Schedule(i) 
for w hich 
[ReferenceFormula_Low erBound(t) is higher than [or equal to] Low erBound(i) and ReferenceFormula_UpperBound(t) is low er than 
[or equal to] UpperBound(i)] 
or [ReferenceFormula_Low erandUpperBound(t) 
is higher than [or equal to] Low erBound(i) and is low er than [or equal to] 
UpperBound(i)]

--- Page 475 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
475 
 
or [a Range Knock-In Event(i) has [not] occurred]. 
And: 
N(i) means the total number of dates(t) as specified in the applicable Final Terms w ithin Schedule(i). 
The 
main 
Reference 
Formula(e) 
used 
for 
ReferenceFormula_Low erBound, 
ReferenceFormula_UpperBound 
and 
ReferenceFormula_Low erandUpperBound is/are (but w ithout limitation): 
Level, Performance or Price (as defined in Section 4.1 Family of « SimpleLevel » above) 
WorstLevel, WorstPerformance or WorstPrice (as defined in Section 4.6 Family of « WorstLevel » above) BestLevel, 
BestPerformance or BestPrice (as defined in Section 4.5 Family of « BestLevel » above) Fixing, WorstFixing or BestFixing (as defined 
in Section 4.25 Family of « ReferenceFixings » below) 
4.21.2 
DualRangeAccrual: 
[DualRangeAccrual({Schedule(i)}, 
LowerBound_1(i), 
LowerBound_2(i), 
UpperBound_1(i), 
UpperBound2(i), 
ReferenceFormula_LowerBound_1, 
ReferenceFormula_LowerBound_2, 
ReferenceFormula_UpperBound_1, 
ReferenceFormula_UpperBound_2)]; 
or 
[DualRangeAccrual({Schedule(i)}, 
LowerBound_1(i), 
LowerBound2(i), 
UpperBound_1(i), 
UpperBound_2(i), 
ReferenceFormula_LowerandUpperBound_1, 
ReferenceFormula_LowerandUpperBound_2)] means in respect of Schedule(i), the Ratio n(i) / N(i), 
Where: 
n(i) means 
the 
number 
of date(s)(t) as specified 
in 
the 
applicable 
Final 
Terms 
w ithin Schedule(i) 
for w hich 
[ReferenceFormula_Low erBound_1(t) is higher than [or equal to] Low erBound_1(i) and ReferenceFormula_Low erBound_2(t) is 
higher than [or equal to] Low erBound_2(i) and ReferenceFormula_UpperBound_1(t) is low er than [or equal to] UpperBound_1(i) and 
ReferenceFormula_UpperBound_2(t) is low er than [or equal to] UpperBound_2(i)] 
or 
[ReferenceFormula_Low erandUpperBound1(t) 
is higher than [or equal to] Low erBound_1(i) and is low er than [or equal to] 
UpperBound1(i) [and][or] ReferenceFormula_Low erandUpperBound_2(t) is higher than [or equal to] Low erBound_2(i) and is low er 
than [or equal to] UpperBound2(i)] 
And: 
N(i) means the total number of dates(t) as specified in the applicable Final Terms w ithin Schedule(i). 
The 
main 
Reference 
Formula(e) 
used 
for 
ReferenceFormula_Low erBound_1, 
ReferenceFormula_Low erBound_2 , 
ReferenceFormula_UpperBound_1, 
ReferenceFormula_UpperBound_2, 
ReferenceFormula_Low erandUpperBound_1 
and 
ReferenceFormula_Low erandUpperBound_2 is/are (but w ithout limitation): 
Level, Performance or Price (as defined in Section 4.1 Family of « SimpleLevel » above) 
WorstLevel, WorstPerformance or WorstPrice (as defined in Section 4.6 Family of « WorstLevel » above) 
BestLevel, BestPerformance or BestPrice (as defined in Section 4.5 Family of « BestLevel » above) 
Fixing, WorstFixing or BestFixing (as defined in Section 4.25 Family of « ReferenceFixings » below) 
4.21.3 
BinaryRangeAccrual: 
[BinaryRangeAccrual({Schedule(i)}, 
LowerBound(i), 
UpperBound(i), 
ReferenceFormula_LowerBound, 
ReferenceFormula_UpperBound)]; 
or 
[BinaryRangeAccrual({Schedule(i)}, 
LowerBound(i), 
UpperBound(i),

--- Page 476 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
476 
 
ReferenceFormula_LowerandUpperBound)] means in respect of Schedule(i), a number equal to one (1) if n(i) is equal to N(i) and 
zero (0) otherw ise, 
Where: 
n(i) means the number of date(s)(t) as specified in the applicable Final Terms w ithin Schedule(i) for w hich: 
[ReferenceFormula_Low erBound(t) is higher than [or equal to] Low erBound(i) and ReferenceFormula_UpperBound(t) is low er than 
[or equal to] UpperBound(i)] 
Or 
[ReferenceFormula_Low erandUpperBound(t) is higher than [or equal to] Low erBound(i) and is low er than [or equal to] UpperBound(i)] 
And: 
N(i) means the total number of dates(t) as specified in the applicable Final Terms w ithin Schedule(i). 
The 
main 
Reference 
Formula(e) 
used 
for 
ReferenceFormula_Low erBound, 
ReferenceFormula_UpperBound 
and 
ReferenceFormula_Low erandUpperBound is/are (but w ithout limitation): 
Level, Performance or Price (as defined in Section 4.1 Family of « SimpleLevel » above) 
WorstLevel, WorstPerformance or WorstPrice (as defined in Section 4.6 Family of « WorstLevel » above) 
BestLevel, BestPerformance or BestPrice (as defined in Section 4.5 Family of « BestLevel » above) 
Fixing, WorstFixing or BestFixing (as defined in Section 4.25 Family of « ReferenceFixings » below) 
4.22 
Family of « IntradayLevel » 
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of Reference Formula(e) determine the 
Intraday Price of an Underlying, the maximum or minimum value of such Intraday Price of an Underlying, the Level (or Performance) 
of the Intraday Price or of such maximum or minimum value of such Intraday Price. 
MinTimeSI(i) means in respect of an Underlying and Valuation Date(i), the Minimum SI(i) over all observation days (as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms) from Valuation Date(0) (included) to Valuation Date(i) (included). 
MaxTimeSI(i) means in respect of an Underlying and Valuation Date(i), the Maximum SI(i) over all observation days (as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms) from Valuation Date(0) (included) to Valuation Date(RVD(i)) (included). 
MinTimeSI(i,k) means in respect of an Underlying(k) and Valuation Date(i), the Minimum SI(i,k) over all observation days (as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms) from Valuation Date(0) (included) to Valuation Date(i) (included). 
MaxTimeSI(i,k) means in respect of an Underlying(k) and Valuation Date(i), the Maximum SI(i,k) over all observation days (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) from Valuation Date(0) (included) to Valuation Date(i) (included). 
IntradayMinTimePerformance(i) means MinTimeSI(i) / S(0) – 100% 
IntradayMaxTimePerformance(i) means MaxTimeSI(i) / S(0) – 100% 
IntradayMinTimePerformance(i,k) means MinTimeSI(i,k) / S(0,k) – 100% 
IntradayMaxTimePerformance(i,k) means MaxTimeSI(i,k) / S(0,k) – 100% 
WorstIntradayMinTimePerformance(i) means the Minimum, for k from 1 to N, of IntradayMinTimePerformance(i,k)

--- Page 477 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
477 
 
WorstIntradayMaxTimePerformance(i) means the Minimum, for k from 1 to N, of IntradayMaxTimePerformance(i,k) 
BestIntradayMinTimePerformance(i) means the Maximum, for k from 1 to N, of IntradayMinTimePerformance(i,k) 
BestIntradayMaxTimePerformance(i) means the Maximum, for k from 1 to N, of IntradayMaxTimePerformance(i,k) 
IntradayMinTimeLevel(i) means MinTimeSI(i) / S(0) 
IntradayMaxTimeLevel(i) means MaxTimeSI(i) / S(0) 
IntradayMinTimeLevel(i,k) means MinTimeSI(i,k) / S(0,k) 
IntradayMaxTimeLevel(i,k) means MaxTimeSI(i,k) / S(0,k) 
WorstIntradayMinTimeLevel(i) means the Minimum, for k from 1 to N, of IntradayMinTimeLevel(i,k) 
WorstIntradayMaxTimeLevel(i) means the Minimum, for k from 1 to N, of IntradayMaxTimeLevel(i,k) 
BestIntradayMinTimeLevel(i) means the Maximum, for k from 1 to N, of IntradayMinTimeLevel(i,k) 
BestIntradayMaxTimeLevel(i) means the Maximum, for k from 1 to N, of IntradayMaxTimeLevel(i,k) 
4.23 
Family of « VolatilityLevel » 
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of Reference Formula(e) determine the 
historical volatility level of a given Underlying. 
AverageReturns(i) means the Arithmetic Average, for t from 1 to i, of LN(RestrikeLevel(t)). 
AverageTimeVolatilityStrategy(t1,t2), means the Arithmetic Average, for i from t1 to t2 of the VolatilityStrategy(i). For the avoidance 
of doubt, t1, t2 could be renamed to j1, j2 or Schedule or Schedule(i) and w ill refer to any date relating to a Valuation Date, Relevant 
Valuation Date or an Averaging Date. 
AverageTimeVolatilityStrategyPerformance(t1,t2) means AverageTimeVolatilityStrategy(t1,t2)/ StrikeVolatilityStrategy. For the 
avoidance of doubt, t1, t2 could be renamed to j1, j2 or Schedule or Schedule(i) and w ill refer to any date relating to a Valuation Date, 
Relevant Valuation Date or an Averaging Date. 
CashReturn(i), means Rate(i-1)×ACT(i−1,i)/TimeBasis 
DynamicLeverage(i) means Min(Leverage_Cap; Target_Volatility/ LeveragedVolatility(i-Lag)) 
ExcessReturn(i), means TotalReturn(i) – CashReturn(i) 
HistoricalVarianceLevel(i, DetrendFactor) means the Sum, for t from 1 to i, of [LN(RestrikeLevel(t)) – DetrendFactor x 
AverageReturns(i)]^2. 
HistoricalVolatilityLevel(i, DetrendFactor, AnnualObservationNumber) means [HistoricalVarianceLevel(i, 
DetrendFactor) x 
AnnualObservationsNumber / i]^(0.5). 
LeveragedVolatility(i), means Realized_Volatility(i, RVP) or Max(Realized_Volatility(i, RVP_1);Realized_Volatility(i, RVP_2)) , as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms 
MaxTimeVolatilityStrategyPerformance(t1,t2), means the maximum, for i from t1 to t2, of VolatilityStrategyPerformance(i). For the 
avoidance of doubt, t1, t2 could be renamed to j1, j2 or Schedule or Schedule(i) and w ill refer to any date relating to a Valuation Date, 
Relevant Valuation Date or an Averaging Date. 
Rate(i) means a rate (usually overnight), specified in the applicable Final Terms, w hich is used to determine CashReturn(i)

--- Page 478 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
478 
 
Realized Volatility(i, RVP) means ((AF / VD(i)) x (Sum(t from i – RVP + 1 to i) ((LN(1 + VolReturn(t)))^2 ))) ^(0.5) or ((AF / VD(i)) x 
(Sum(t from i – RVP + 1 to i) ((LN(1 + VolReturn(t)))^2 ) – (1/RVP) x (Sum(t from i – RVP + 1 to i) (LN(1 + VolReturn(t))))^2 ) ) ^(0.5), 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
RestrikeHistoricalVolatilityLevel(t1, t2, DetrendFactor, AnnualObservationNumber) means [HistoricalVarianceLevel(t2, 
DetrendFactor) – HistoricalVarianceLevel(t1, DetrendFactor)) x AnnualObservationsNumber / (t2 – t1)]^(0.5). 
Return(i), means ExcessReturn(i) or TotalReturn(i), as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
StrikeVolatilityStrategy, means VolatilityStrategy(0) or AverageTimeVolatilityStrategy(t1,t2). For the avoidance of doubt, t1, t2 could 
be renamed to j1, j2 or Schedule or Schedule(i) and w ill refer to any date relating to a Valuation Date, Relevant Valuation Date or an 
Averaging Date. 
TotalReturn(i) means (BasketRestrikeLevel(i) – 100%) or RestrikeLevel(i) – 100%, as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
VD(i) (Vol Denominator and with the abbreviate VD) means Act(i – RVP,i) or RVP or (RVP-1), as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms 
VolatilityStrategy(i) means VolatilityStrategy(i-1) x (1 + DynamicLeverage(i-1) x Return(i) + ((1 – DynamicLeverage(i-1)) x 
CashReturn(i))) - [SD x Act(i-1,i) / 365] ) or VolatilityStrategy(i-1) x (1 + DynamicLeverage(i-1) x Return(i) - [SD x Act(i-1,i) / 365] ), as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms 
Where VolatilityStrategy(0) means a constant amount 
VolatilityStrategyPerformance(i), means VolatilityStrategy(i)/StrikeVolatilityStrategy 
VolReturn(i), means ExcessReturn(i) or TotalReturn(i), as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
4.24 
Family of « Combined ReferenceFormula » 
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of Reference Formula(e) combine two 
or several ReferenceFormula(e) (ReferenceFormula1, ReferenceFormula2,..., ReferenceFormulaN). 
Sum(i1, i2,…, iN, 
ReferenceFormula1(i1), ReferenceFormula2(i2), …, ReferenceFormulaN(iN)) means the Sum of 
ReferenceFormula1(i1), 
ReferenceFormula2(i2),…and 
ReferenceFormulaN(iN). 
It may also be w ritten Sum(i1, i2,…, iN, 
ReferenceFormula) w hen the ReferenceFormulae are identical. 
Sum(t1, t2, ReferenceFormula(i)) means the Sum, for i from t1 to t2, of ReferenceFormula(i). 
Average(i1, i2,…, iN, ReferenceFormula1(i1), ReferenceFormula2(i2), …, ReferenceFormulaN(iN))  means the Arithmetic 
Average of ReferenceFormula1(i1), ReferenceFormula2(i2),…and ReferenceFormulaN(iN). It may also be w ritten Average(i1, i2,…, 
iN, ReferenceFormula) when the ReferenceFormulae are identical. 
Average(t1, t2, ReferenceFormula(i)) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from t1 to t2, of ReferenceFormula(i). 
Difference(i, t, ReferenceFormula1(i), ReferenceFormula2(t)) means the Difference betw een ReferenceFormula1(i) 
and 
ReferenceFormula2(t). It may also be w ritten as ReferenceFormula1(i) – ReferenceFormula2(t). 
Difference(i, t, ReferenceFormula) means the Difference betw een ReferenceFormula(i) and ReferenceFormula(t). It may also be 
w ritten as ReferenceFormula(i) – ReferenceFormula(t). 
Product(i1, i2,…,iN, ReferenceFormula1(i1), ReferenceFormula2(i2),…, ReferenceFormulaN(iN)) means the Product of 
ReferenceFormula1(i1), ReferenceFormula2(i2),…and ReferenceFormulaN(iN). It may also be w ritten as ReferenceFormula1(i1) x 
ReferenceFormula2(i2) x … x ReferenceFormulaN(iN). 
Product(t1, t2, ReferenceFormula(i)) means the Product, for i from t1 to t2, of ReferenceFormula(i).

--- Page 479 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
479 
 
Ratio(i, t, ReferenceFormula1(i), ReferenceFormula2(t)) means the Ratio of ReferenceFormula1(i) and ReferenceFormula2(t). It 
may also be w ritten as ReferenceFormula1(i) / ReferenceFormula2(t). 
Maximum(t1, t2, ReferenceFormula(i)) means the Maximum, for i from t1 to t2, of ReferenceFormula(i). 
Maximum(i1, i2,…, iN, ReferenceFormula1(i1), ReferenceFormula2(i2), …, 
ReferenceFormulaN(iN)) means the Maximum betw een ReferenceFormula1(i1), ReferenceFormula2(i2),…ReferenceFormulaN( iN). 
It may also be w ritten Maximum(i1, i2,…, iN, ReferenceFormula) when the ReferenceFormulae are identical 
MaxDifference(t1, t2, Difference(t, i, ReferenceFormula)) means the Maximum, for i from t1 to t2, of the Maximum for t from i to t2 
of Difference(t, i, ReferenceFormula). It may also be w ritten as Max(i from t1 to t2)(t from i to t2) [Difference(t, i, ReferenceFormula)]. 
Minimum(i1, i2,…, iN, ReferenceFormula1(i1), ReferenceFormula2(i2), …, ReferenceFormulaN(iN))  means the Minimum 
betw een ReferenceFormula1(i1), ReferenceFormula2(i2),…ReferenceFormulaN(iN). It may also be w ritten Minimum(i1, i2,…, iN, 
ReferenceFormula) w hen the ReferenceFormulae are identical. 
Minimum(t1, t2, ReferenceFormula(i)) means the Minimum, for i from t1 to t2, of ReferenceFormula(i). 
For Warrants indexed on more than one underlying and a combination over time: 
Sum(i1, i2,…iN, k, ReferenceFormula1(i1,k), ReferenceFormula2(i2,k),…ReferenceFormulaN(iN,k)) 
) means the Sum of 
ReferenceFormula1(i1,k), ReferenceFormula2(i2,k), … and ReferenceFormulaN(iN,k). 
Sum(t1, t2, k, ReferenceFormula(i,k)) means the Sum, for i from t1 to t2, of ReferenceFormula(i,k). 
Difference(i, t, k, ReferenceFormula1(i,k), ReferenceFormula2(t,k)) means the Difference betw een ReferenceFormula1(i,k) and 
ReferenceFormula2(t,k). It may also be w ritten as ReferenceFormula1(i,k) – ReferenceFormula2(t,k). 
Difference(i, t, k, ReferenceFormula) means the Difference betw een ReferenceFormula(i,k) and ReferenceFormula(t,k). It may also 
be w ritten as ReferenceFormula(i,k) – ReferenceFormula(t,k). 
Product(i1, i2,…,iN, k, ReferenceFormula1(i1,k), ReferenceFormula2(i2,k),…, ReferenceFormulaN(iN,k)) means the Product of 
ReferenceFormula1(i1,k), 
ReferenceFormula2(i2,k),…, 
and 
ReferenceFormulaN(iN,k). 
It 
may 
also 
be 
w ritten 
as 
ReferenceFormula1(i1,k) x ReferenceFormula2(i2,k) x … x ReferenceFormulaN(iN,k). 
Product(t1, t2, k, ReferenceFormula(i,k)) means the Product, for i from t1 to t2, of ReferenceFormula(i,k). 
Ratio(i, 
t, 
k, ReferenceFormula1(i,k), ReferenceFormula2(t,k)) means 
the 
Ratio 
of ReferenceFormula1(i,k) 
and 
ReferenceFormula2(t,k). It may also be w ritten as ReferenceFormula1(i,k) / ReferenceFormula2(t,k). 
Maximum(i1, i2,…, iN, k, ReferenceFormula1(i1,k), ReferenceFormula2(i2,k), …, ReferenceFormulaN(iN,k))  means the 
Maximum betw een ReferenceFormula1(i1,k), ReferenceFormula2(i2,k), …, and ReferenceFormulaN(iN,k). It may also be w ritten 
Maximum(i1, i2,…, iN, k, ReferenceFormula) when the ReferenceFormulae are identical. 
Maximum(t1, t2, k, ReferenceFormula(i,k)) means the Maximum, for i from t1 to t2 of ReferenceFormula(i,k). 
Minimum(i1, i2,…, iN, k, ReferenceFormula1(i1,k), ReferenceFormula2(i2,k), …, ReferenceFormulaN(iN,k)) means the 
Minimum betw een ReferenceFormula1(i1), ReferenceFormula2(i2,k), …, and ReferenceFormulaN(iN,k). It may also be w ritten 
Minimum(i1, i2,…, iN, k, ReferenceFormula) w hen the ReferenceFormulae are identical. 
Minimum(t1, t2, k, ReferenceFormula(i,k)) means the Minimum, for i from t1 to t2, of ReferenceFormula(i,k). 
AbsoluteValue(i, k, ReferenceFormula(i,k)) means the Absolute Value of ReferenceFormula(i,k). 
For Warrants indexed on more than one Underlying and a combination over underlyings:

--- Page 480 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
480 
 
Sum(i, k1,...,kN, ReferenceFormula1(i,k1), ReferenceFormula2(i,k2), …, ReferenceFormulaN(i,kN))  means the Sum of 
ReferenceFormula1(i,k1), ReferenceFormula2(i,k2),…, and ReferenceFormulaN(i,kN). It may also be w ritten Sum(i, k1,..., kN, 
ReferenceFormula) w hen the ReferenceFormulae are identical. 
Sum(i, k1, k2, RefereenceFormula(i,k)) means the sum, for k from k1 to k2, of ReferenceFormula(i,k). 
Difference(i, k1, k2, ReferenceFormula1(i,k1), ReferenceFormula2(t,k2)) means the Difference betw een ReferenceFormula1(i, k1) 
and ReferenceFormula2(i,k2). It may also be w ritten as ReferenceFormula1(i,k1) – ReferenceFormula2(i,k2). 
Product(i, k1,..., kN, ReferenceFormula1(i,k1), ReferenceFormula2(i,k2),…, Refer enceFormulaN(i,kN)) means the Product of 
ReferenceFormula1(i,k1), 
ReferenceFormula2(i,k2),…, 
and 
ReferenceFormulaN(i,kN). 
It 
may 
also 
be 
w ritten 
as 
ReferenceFormula1(i,k1) x ReferenceFormula2(i,k2) x … x ReferenceFormulaN(i,kN). 
Product(i, k1, k2, ReferenceFormula(i,k)) means the product , for k from k1 to k2, of ReferenceFormula(i,k). 
Ratio(i, k1, k2, ReferenceFormula1(i,k1), ReferenceFormula2(i,k2)) means the Ratio of ReferenceFormula1(i,k1) 
and 
ReferenceFormula2(i,k2). It may also be w ritten as ReferenceFormula1(i,k1) / ReferenceFormula2(i,k2). 
Maximum(i, k1,..., kN, ReferenceFormula1(i,k1), ReferenceFormula2(i,k2),…, ReferenceFormulaN(i,kN)) means the Maximum 
betw een ReferenceFormula1(i,k1), ReferenceFormula2(i,k2),…, and ReferenceFormulaN(i,kN). It may also be w ritten Maximum(i, 
k1,..., kN, ReferenceFormula) w hen the ReferenceFormulae are identical 
Maximum(i, k1, k2, ReferenceFormula(i,k)) means the Maximum for k from k1 to k2, of ReferenceFormula(i,k). 
Minimum(i, k1,..., kN, ReferenceFormula1(i,k1), ReferenceFormula2(i,k2),…, ReferenceFormulaN(i,kN)) means the Minimu m 
betw een ReferenceFormula1(i,k1), ReferenceFormula2(i,k2),…, and ReferenceFormulaN(i,kN). It may also be w ritten Minimum(i, 
k1,..., kN, ReferenceFormula) w hen the ReferenceFormulae are identical 
Minimum(i,k1, k2, ReferenceFormula(i,k)) means the Minimum, for k from k1 to k2, of ReferenceFormula(i,k). 
4.25 
Family of « ReferenceFixings » 
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of Reference Formula(e) determine 
combinations of interest rate fixings 
Fixing(i) means S(i) in respect of an Underlying w hich is Reference Rate. 
MaxTimeFixing(t1,t2) means the Maximum, for i from t1 to t2, of Fixing(i). 
MinTimeFixing(t1,t2) means the Minimum, for i from t1 to t2, of Fixing(i). 
AverageTimeFixing(t1,t2) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from t1 to t2, of Fixing(i). 
SpreadTimeFixing(t1,t2) means the Difference betw een Fixing(t1) and Fixing(t2) (or respectively the difference betw een Fixing(t2) 
and Fixing(t1) as specified in the applicable Final Terms). 
AbsoluteSpreadTimeFixing(t1,t2) means the Absolute Value of the Difference betw een Fixing(t1) and Fixing(t2) (or respectively the 
Absolute Value of the Difference betw een Fixing(t2) and Fixing(t1) as specified in the applicable Final Terms). 
Fixing(i,k) means S(i,k) in respect of an Underlying(k) w hich is Reference Rate. 
MaxTimeFixing(t1,t2,k) means the Maximum, for i from t1 to t2, of the Fixing(i,k). 
MinTimeFixing(t1,t2,k) means the Minimum, for i from t1 to t2, of Fixing(i,k). 
AverageTimeFixing(t1,t2,k) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from t1 to t2, of Fixing(i,k).

--- Page 481 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
481 
 
AverageTimeSpreadFixing(t1,t2) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from t1 to t2, of SpreadFixing(i). 
SpreadTimeFixing(t1,t2,k) means the Difference betw een Fixing(t1,k) and Fixing(t2,k) (or respectively the Difference betw een 
Fixing(t2,k) and Fixing(t1,k) as specified in the applicable Final Terms). 
AbsoluteSpreadTimeFixing(t1,t2,k) means the Absolute Value of the Difference betw een Fixing(t1,k) and Fixing(t2,k) (or 
respectively the Absolute Value of the Difference betw een Fixing(t2,k) and Fixing(t1,k) as specified in the applicable Final Terms). 
BestFixing(i) means the Maximum, for k from 1 to N, of Fixing(i,k). 
WorstFixing(i) means the Minimum, for k from 1 to N, of Fixing(i,k). 
AverageFixing(i) means the Arithmetic Average, for k from 1 to N, of Fixing(i,k). 
BasketFixing(i) means the Sum, for k from 1 to N, of the Product of W(i,k) and Fixing(i,k). 
MaxTimeBasketFixing(t1,t2) means the Maximum, for i from t1 to t2, of the BasketFixing(i) 
MinTimeBasketFixing(t1,t2) means the Minimum, for i from t1 to t2, of BasketFixing(i) 
AverageTimeBasketFixing(t1,t2) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from t1 to t2, of BasketFixing(i) 
SpreadTimeBasketFixing(t1,t2) means the Difference betw een BasketFixing(t1) and BasketFixing(t2) (or respectively the Difference 
betw een BasketFixing(t2) and BasketFixing(t1) as specified in the applicable Final Terms). 
AbsoluteSpreadTimeBasketFixing(t1,t2) means 
the Absolute Value of the Difference betw een BasketFixing(t1) 
and 
BasketFixing(t2) (or respectively the Absolute Value of the Difference betw een BasketFixing(t2) and BasketFixing(t1) as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms). 
SpreadFixing(i) means in respect of Underlying(1) and Underlying(2) w hich are Reference Rate, the Difference betw een Fixing(i,1) 
and Fixing(i,2) (or respectively the Difference betw een Fixing(i,2) and Fixing(i,1) as specified in the applicable Final Terms). 
ShiftedFixing(i, Shift) means the sum of Shift and Fixing(i) 
ModifiedFixing(i, k, Threshold(i,k), Payout(i,k), Weight(i,k)) means: 
 
If Fixing(i,k) is equal to Threshold(i,k), then: 
ModifiedFixing(i, k, Threshold(i,k), Payout(i,k), Weight(i,k)) = Payout(i,k) 
 
If Fixing(i,k) is different from Threshold(i,k), then: 
ModifiedFixing(i, k, Threshold(i,k), Payout(i,k), Weight(i,k)) = Weight(i,k) 
CapiReferenceLevel(i, Fixing, FixingBasis, Spread) means in respect of Valuation Date(i), the Product for t from 1 to i of [100% + 
(Fixing(t-1) + Spread(t-1)) x FixingBasis(t)]. 
4.26 
Family of « InBetweenLevel » 
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of Reference Formula(e) determine, in 
respect of Products having several Underlyings, the Underlying(s) w ith the Level(s) comprised betw een the smallest levels and the 
largest levels, in respect of a Valuation Date. 
InBetweenLevel(i,m1,m2) means the Sum, for k from m1 to m2, of RankedLevel(i,k). 
AveragingInBetweenLevel(i,m1,m2) means the Ratio of InBetw eenLevel(i,m1,m2) and (m2-m1+1).

--- Page 482 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
482 
 
MaxTimeInBetweenLevel(t,m1,m2) means the Maximum, for i from 1 to t, of InBetw eenLevel (i,m1,m2). 
MinTimeInBetweenLevel(t,m1,m2) means the Minimum, for i from 1 to t, of InBetw eenLevel(i,m1,m2). 
SumTimeInBetweenLevel(t,m1,m2) means the Sum, for i from 1 to t, of InBetw eenLevel(i,m1,m2). 
AverageTimeInBetweenLevel(t,m1,m2) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from 1 to t, of InBetweenLevel(i,m1,m2). 
4.27 
Family of « Combined Vanillas » 
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of Reference Formula(e) set a maximum 
value (Cap), a minimum value (Floor) for a Level or a Performance or a participation factor applied to a Performance or to the 
difference betw een a Level or a Performance and a Threshold. 
SumOfCalls(i) means the Sum, for k from 1 to OptionsNumber, 
of UnitCall(i, 
k, Weight(k), Cap(k), Floor(k), Strike(k), 
ReferenceFormula(k)(i)) 
Where: 
UnitCall(i, k, Weight(k), Cap(k), Floor(k), Strike(k), ReferenceFormula(k)(i)) means the Product of Weight(k) and Min(Cap(k) ; 
Max(Floor(k) ; ReferenceFormula(k)(i) – Strike(k))) 
SumOfDigits(i) means the Sum, for k from 1 to OptionsNumber, 
of UnitDigit(i, 
k, Weight(k), Cap(k), Floor(k), Strike(k), 
ReferenceFormula(k)(i)) 
Where: 
Scenario 1: 
If on Valuation Date(i), ReferenceFormula(k)(i) is [higher] [low er] than [or equal to] Strike(k), then: 
UnitDigit(i, k, Weight(k), Cap(k), Floor(k), Strike(k), ReferenceFormula(k)(i)) means Min(Cap(k) ; Max(Floor(k) ; Weight(k))) 
Scenario 2: 
If on Valuation Date(i), ReferenceFormula(k)(i) is [low er] [higher] than [or equal to] Strike(k), then: 
UnitDigit(i, 
k, 
Weight(k), 
UpCap(k), 
UpFloor(k), 
Dow nCap(k), 
Dow nFloor(k), 
Strike(k), 
ReferenceFormula(k)(i)) 
means 
Min(Dow nCap(k) ; Max(Dow nFloor(k) ; 0)) 
SumOfStrikedDigits(i) means the Sum, for k from 1 to OptionsNumber, 
of UnitStrikedDigit(i, 
k, Strike(k), Weight(k), 
ReferenceFormula(k)(i)) 
Where: 
Scenario 1: 
If on Valuation Date(i), ReferenceFormula(k)(i) is [higher] [low er] than [or equal to] Strike(k), then: 
UnitStrikeDigit(i, k, Strike(k), Weight(k), ReferenceFormula(k)(i)) means Weight(k) 
Scenario 2: 
If on Valuation Date(i), ReferenceFormula(k)(i) is [low er] [higher] than [or equal to] Strike(k), then: 
UnitStrikeDigit(i, k, Strike(k), Weight(k), ReferenceFormula(k)(i)) means 0.

--- Page 483 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
483 
 
SumOfTimeDigits(t1,i) means the Sum, for t from t1 to i, of UnitTimeDigit(t, Strike, Weight(t), ReferenceFormula(t)) 
Where: 
Scenario 1: 
If on Valuation Date(t), ReferenceFormula(t) is [higher] [low er] than [or equal to] Strike, then: 
UnitTimeDigit(t, Strike, Weight(t), ReferenceFormula(t)) means Weight(t) 
Scenario 2: 
If on Valuation Date(t), ReferenceFormula(t) is [higher] [low er] than [or equal to] Strike, then: 
UnitTimeDigit(t, Strike, Weight(t), ReferenceFormula(t)) means 0. 
SumOfCallsAndDigits(i) means the Sum, for k from 1 to OptionsNumber, of the Product of UnitDigit(i, k, WeightDigit(k), CapDigit(k), 
FloorDigit(k), StrikeDigit(k), ReferenceFormula_Digit(k)(i)) and UnitCall(i, k, WeightCall(k), CapCall(k), FloorCall(k), StrikeCall(k), 
ReferenceFormula_Call(k)(i)) 
Where: 
UnitCall(i, k, WeightCall(k), CapCall(k), FloorCall(k), StrikeCall(k), ReferenceFormula_Call(k)(i)) means the Product of WeightCall(k) 
and Min(CapCall(k) ; Max(FloorCall(k) ; ReferenceFormula_Call(k)(i) – StrikeCall(k))) 
And: 
Scenario 1: 
If on Valuation Date(i), ReferenceFormula_Digit(k)(i) is [higher] [low er] than [or equal to] StrikeDigit(k), then: 
UnitDigit(i, k, WeightDigit(k), CapDigit(k), FloorDigit(k), StrikeDigit(k), ReferenceFormula_Digit(k)(i)) means Min(Cap(k) ; Max(Floor(k) 
; Weight(k))) 
Scenario 2: 
If on Valuation Date(i), ReferenceFormula_Digit(k)(i) is [low er] [higher] than [or equal to] StrikeDigit(k), then: 
UnitDigit(i, k, WeightDigit(k), CapDigit(k), FloorDigit(k), StrikeDigit(k), ReferenceFormula_Digit(k)(i)) means Min(Cap(k) ; Max(Floor(k) 
; 0)) 
4.28 
Reserved 
4.29 
Family of « Counter » 
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of Reference Formula(e) determine the 
number of Valuation Dates for w hich a certain Level, Price or Performance is in or out predefined boundaries or the number of 
Valuation Dates for w hich an event has occured. 
Counter({Schedule(i)}, Bound(i), ReferenceFormula_Bound)] means the number of Valuation Date(t) w ithin Schedule(i) for w hich 
ReferenceFormula_Bound(t) is [higher] [low er] than [or equal to] Bound(i) 
Counter({Schedule(i)}, LowerBound(i), UpperBound(i), ReferenceFormula_LowerUpperBound)] means the number of 
Valuation Date(t) w ithin Schedule(i) for w hich ReferenceFormula_Low erandUpperBound(t) is higher than [or equal to] Low erBound(i) 
[and] [or] ReferenceFormula_Low erandUpperBound(t) is low er than [or equal to] UpperBound(i)

--- Page 484 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
484 
 
Counter({Schedule(i)}, LowerBound(i), UpperBound(i), ReferenceFormula_LowerBound, ReferenceFormula_UpperBound) 
means the number of Valuation Date(t) w ithin Schedule(i) for w hich ReferenceFormula_Low erBound(t) is [higher][low er] than [or equal 
to] Low erBound(i) [and] [or] ReferenceFormula_UpperBound(t) is [higher][low er] than [or equal to] UpperBound(i)] 
Counter({Schedule(i)}, Bound(i), [European] [American] [Memory] [a Range] Knock-In Event(i)) means the number of Valuation 
Date(t) w ithin Schedule(i) for w hich a[n] [European] [American] [Memory] [a Range] Knock-In Event(i) has [not] occurred]. 
5. 
GENERAL DEFINTIONS USED IN THESE ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAE 
5.1 
Generic indices, enumeration, simplification and scenario conventions  
5.1.1 
Generic indices convention used in Product Formulae definitions  
"i" or "t" or "t1" or "t2" or “j1” or “j2” means the reference to any date relating to a Valuation Date, Relevant Valuation Date or a date 
w ithin a relevant Schedule. For ease of reading, those letters can be replaced by n, t, x, y or z, being clarified that this list is not 
exhaustive. 
"k" or "s" means the reference to any Underlying specified in the relevant Basket. 
"N" means the number of Underlyings comprised in the relevant Basket. 
"SubN" means the number of Underlyings comprised in the relevant sub-basket defined as a part of the relevant Basket. SubN is 
strictly low er than N. 
"RVD(i)" (“Relevant Valuation Date” and w ith the abbreviate “RVD”) means, in respect of any date(i), the reference to a date (w hich 
may be different from date(i)) 
For illustration purposes, Valuation Date(i) may be, in respect of an Interest Payment Date(i), the Valuation Date immediately 
preceding such Interest Payment Date. 
"t0" (or "0") means the first Valuation Date or the first date of a relevant Schedule. 
"T" means the last Valuation Date or the last date of a relevant Schedule. 
For the avoidance of doubt, i-1, t-1, t1-1, t2-1, or T-1 (resp. t+1,t1+1,t2+1, or T+1) means the Valuation Date immediately preceding 
(resp. follow ing) i, t, t1, t2 or T. 
5.1.2 
Enumeration convention 
Enumeration w ill be generally defined as follow s: 
The dates w ithin the Reference Formula are defined using the follow ing enumeration "from 0 to t" and / or "from 1 to t" and / or "from 
t1 to t2". The ReferenceFormula listed below  can be defined w ith any of such three enumerations, as the case may be to determine 
the Product Formula. 
Illustration 
"MaxTimeBasketLevel(t) means the Maximum, for i from 1 to t, of BasketLevel(i)" 
could be modified in: 
"MaxTimeBasketLevel(t1, t2) means the Maximum, for i from t1 to t2, of BasketLevel(i)." 
"(i from t1 to t2)" means any date(i) from and including t1 to and including t2. 
"(k from 1 to N)" means any Underlying(k) w ithin a Basket from and including Underlying(1) to and including Underlying(N).

--- Page 485 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
485 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, low er and upper bounds of enumerations used in Product Formulae definitions can be modified notably 
(but not only) to take into account specificities of Schedules relating to Products. For instance (i from 0 to T) used in a generic Product 
Formula can become (i from 1 to T-1) for the purpose of defining a Product Formula in respect of a particular Product. 
5.1.3 
Simplification convention 
5.1.3.1 For ease of reading, certain conditions relating to Product Formula(e) as defined herein may be simplified as 
follows: 
Case 1: only one barrier condition is required 
For example in respect of the follow ing conditions: 
"If 
on 
Valuation 
Date(T), 
ReferenceFormula_Autocall(T) 
is 
low er 
than 
[or 
equal 
to] 
AutocallBarrier(T) 
and 
ReferenceFormula_Barrier(T) is higher than [or equal to] FinalBarrier, then:", 
If the second condition "ReferenceFormula_Barrier(T) is higher than [or equal to] FinalBarrier" is not required, these conditions may 
be simplified as follow s: "If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Autocall(T) is low er than [or equal to] AutocallBarrier( T), then". 
Case 2: one of the barrier condition is redundant 
For example, in respect of the follow ing conditions: 
"If 
on 
Valuation 
Date(T), 
ReferenceFormula_Autocall(T) 
is 
low er 
than 
[or 
equal 
to] 
AutocallBarrier(T) 
and 
ReferenceFormula_Barrier(T) is low er than [or equal to] FinalBarrier, then:", 
If "ReferenceFormula_Autocall(T) 
is equal to ReferenceFormula_Barrier(T) 
and FinalBarrier 
is low er than or equal to 
AutocallBarrier(T)",is not required, these conditions may be simplified as follow s: 
"If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Autocall(T) is low er than [or equal to] FinalBarrier, then". 
Case 3: addition of Variable Data and values determined based on Reference Formulae 
For example, in respect of the follow ing Product Formula: 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP + Participation x (ReferenceFormula_Final(T) – Strike)" 
If BaseSettlementLevel_FSP is equal to 90%, Participation is equal to 100% and Strike is equal to 10%, Product Formula may be  
simplified as follow s: 
"Product Formula(T) = 80% + ReferenceFormula_Final(T)" 
w here: 
80% = 90% – 10% 
5.1.3.2 Scenario convention 
The convention described hereunder is applicable to all the different Scenarios described in Condition 3. 
A scenario is deemed to have occurred and therefore to pay an associated Product Formula according to the position of the relevant 
Reference Formula and a predefined barrier and/or according to the occurrence of an knock-in event. The position of the relevant 
Reference Formula and a predefined barrier can be "higher", "low er", "higher or equal to" or "low er or equal to". When the position of 
the relevant Reference Formula is described as being "higher" or "low er", it can be w ritten as "strictly higher" or "strictly  low er".

--- Page 486 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
486 
 
5.2 
Generic definitions 
Product Amount(s) means the amount(s) defined as such in the Overview  of these Additional Terms and Conditions. 
Product Formula(e) means the formula(e) defined as such in the Overview  of these Additional Terms and Conditions. 
Reference Formula(e) means the reference formula(e) relating to one Product or more than one Product, defined as such in the 
Overview  of these Additional Terms and Conditions. 
Notional Amount means the Notional Amount of each Warrant specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Underlying (respectively Underlying(k)) means the underlying asset (respectively underlying asset (k)) being used as underlying to 
the relevant Reference Formula(e) as specified in the applicable Final Terms. "Underlying" shall have the meaning given to it in the 
section "Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Structured Warrants". 
5.3 
Schedules, dates and days 
30/360 means the number of days in the Determination Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follow s: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[𝟑𝟔𝟎× (𝒀𝟐−𝒀𝟏)] + [𝟑𝟎 × (𝑴𝟐−𝑴𝟏)] + (𝑫𝟐−𝑫𝟏)
𝟑𝟔𝟎
 
w here: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in w hich the first day of the Determination Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in w hich the day immediately follow ing the last day of the Determination Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in w hich the first day of the Determination Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in w hich the day immediately follow ing the last day of the Determination Period 
falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Determination Period, unless such number is 31, in w hich case D1 w ill be 
30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately follow ing the last day included in the Determination Period, unless such 
number w ould be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in w hich case D2 w ill be 30; 
Actual/360 means the actual number of days in the Determination Period divided by 360. 
Act(tj,ti) means the number of calendar days betw een Valuation Date(tj) (included) and Valuation Date(ti) (excluded) or such other 
period as is specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Automatic Early Redemption Date means the payment date as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Business Day means a business day as defined in the Terms and Conditions or in the relevant English Law  or French Law  Condition.  
Determination Period means a period starting on (and including) the Issue Date and finishing on (but excluding) (A) the relevant 
Event-linked Expiration Date or (B) the Scheduled Expiration Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, as applicable. 
DayCountFraction means a convention for determining the basis of calculating the day count fraction or the Day Count Fraction 
convention as defined in the relevant English Law  Conditions and specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 487 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
487 
 
DCF means the Day Count Fraction convention as defined in the relevant English Law  Conditions and specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, assuming for this purpose a period starting on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date (or the Issue Date if the 
Interest Commencement Date is not specified) and finishing on (but excluding) the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Date or  the 
Scheduled Maturity Date, as applicable. 
Event-linked Early Expiration Date, or Settlement Date means dates as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
FixingBasis means the relevant day count convention expressed as a fraction X/Y (w here the numerator X is a number of days 
betw een tw o dates "t-1" and "t" over w hich interest is earned and the denominator Y is the total number of days in the period measured) 
w hich defines the manner in w hich interest accrues over time, and in either case as selected from the relevant English Law  Conditions 
and specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
HighBarrierEventDate means the date on w hich a HighBarrierEvent has occurred. 
LowBarrierEventDate means the date on w hich a Low BarrierEvent has occurred. 
Mat means the number of years of observation of the Underlying to w hich it is applied. For the avoidance of doubt, Mat may not be 
an integer. 
Maturity Date means the payment date as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Schedule(i) means the i-th Schedule defined in the applicable Final Terms as being either (A) a list of Valuation Dates or Relevant 
Valuation Dates or any other dates, or (B) all Valuation Dates or Relevant Valuation Dates or any other dates comprised w ithin a 
period from and [including] [excluding] date t1 to and [including] [excluding] date t2. 
SecondHighBarrierEventDate means the date on w hich a SecondHighBarrierEvent has occurred. 
SecondLowBarrierEventDate means the date on w hich a SecondLow BarrierEvent has occurred. 
TimeBasis means 360 or 365 as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Valuation Date or Relevant Valuation Date ("RVD") or any other date each as specified in the applicable Final Terms, means in 
respect of one or more than one Underlying, the date defined as the Valuation Date or Averaging Date in the Additional Terms and 
Conditions relating to the relevant Underlying(s). 
5.4 
Variable Data 
When applicable, the follow ing Variable Data shall be specified w hen relevant in the applicable Final Terms. These Variable Data 
may be an amount, a percentage, the value of the ReferenceFormula considered or any value yielded by one or several mathematical 
operations w hich may imply one or several Reference Formula(e), and applied to the Underlying(s) of the Product. 
AF means an annualising factor that w ill be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
AnnualObservationNumber means the number of dates used to determine the historical volatility of an Underlying or a Basket (e.g. 
252 or 260). 
AutocallBarrier[_1/2] refers to w hat is defined for "Barrier[_1/2/3/4]". 
AutocallBarrierLowerBound refers to w hat is defined for "Barrier[_1/2/3/4]" . 
AutocallBarrierUpperBound refers to w hat is defined for "Barrier[_1/2/3/4]" . 
Barrier[_1/2/3/4] or FinalBarrier or HighBarrier or Low Barrier or SecondHighBarrier or SecondLow Barrier or Low erBound[_1/2] or 
UpperBound[_1/2] or AutocallBarrier[_1/2] or AutocallBarrierUpperBound or AutocallBarrierLow erBound or LockInBarrier means a 
barrier that, once reached, triggers an adjustment in the Product Amount(s) or the occurrence of an event.

--- Page 488 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
488 
 
BaseSettlementLevel 
or 
BaseSettlementLevel[_1/2/3/4] 
or 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP[_1/2/3/4/5] 
or 
BaseSettlementLevel_ESP[_1/2/3/4] means a constant amount, percentage or level. 
BaseSettlementLevel[_1/2/3/4/Payout] refers to w hat is defined for "BaseSettlementLevel". 
BaseSettlementLevel_ESP[_1/2/3/4] refers to w hat is defined for "BaseSettlementLevel". 
Bonus[_1/2/3/4] refers to w hat is defined for "Floor[_1/2/3/4]". 
CallParticipation refers to w hat is defined for "Participation[_1/2/3/4]". 
Cap[_1/2/3/4] or FinalCap or GlobalCap or UpCap or DownCap or CapCall or CapDigit or CapDigitA or CapDigitB or Cap_FSP 
means the Maximum level or percentage or amount that can be reached by the component of a Product Formula to w hich it is applied; 
if the component to w hich it is applied is higher than the Cap (resp. FinalCap or GlobalCap or UpCap or Dow nCap or CapCall or 
CapDigit or CapDigitA or CapDigitB), the component w ill be deemed equal to the Cap (resp. FinalCap or GlobalCap or UpCap or 
Dow nCap or CapCall or CapDigit or CapDigitA or CapDigitB or Cap_FSP). 
CapCall refers to w hat is defined for "Cap[_1/2/3/4]". 
CapDigit refers to w hat is defined for "Cap[_1/2/3/4]". 
CapDigitA refers to w hat is defined for "Cap[_1/2/3/4]". 
CapDigitB refers to w hat is defined for "Cap[_1/2/3/4]". 
Cap_ESP refers to w hat is defined for "Cap[_1/2/3/4]". 
Cap_FSP refers to w hat is defined for "Cap[_1/2/3/4]". 
CapitalisationRate means a rate designed to reflect the time betw een the Last Valuation Date and the last Settlement Date. 
ConstantCall or ConstantDigitDown or ConstantDigitUp or ConstantPut means a constant number to be added to the Product 
Amount(s). 
Constant_InitialLevel means an amount, a percentage or a level. 
Constant_InitialPerformance means an amount, a percentage or a level. 
ConstantCertificateLevel means a constant amount, percentage or level. 
ConstantDigitDown refers to w hat is defined for "ConstantCall". 
ConstantDigitUp refers to w hat is defined for "ConstantCall". 
ConstantPut refers to w hat is defined for "ConstantCall". 
Collateralisation Percentage refers to a hypothetical collateralisation percentage. 
DetrendFactor means an integer equal to 0 or 1 used to determine the historical volatility or variance of an Underlying or a Basket. 
Div means an amount, a percentage or a level. 
DownCap refers to w hat is defined for "Cap[_1/2/3/4]". 
DownFloor refers to w hat is defined for "Floor[_1/2/3/4]".

--- Page 489 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
489 
 
Downside means the participation to the performance or level of the Underlying(s) below  the Threshold. This Variable Data can be 
an amount, a percentage or a level. 
Factor[_1/2] shall bear the same meaning as the one ascribed to Participation. 
Factor_AdvisoryFees shall bear the same meaning as the one as described to Factor_Fees. 
Factor_Fees or Factor_AdvisoryFees or Factor_DistributionFees or Factor_StructuringFees  means a percentage or a rate 
deducted from the value of the Product. 
Factor_DistributionFees shall bear the same meaning as the one as described to Factor_Fees. 
Factor_StructuringFees shall bear the same meaning as the one as described to Factor_Fees. 
FixedRate means an amount, a percentage or a level. 
Fee means an amount, a percentage or a level. 
FinalBarrier refers to w hat is defined for "Barrier[_1/2/3/4]". 
FinalBonus[_1/2] means a constant number, amount or level.FinalCap[_1/2/3/4] refers to w hat is defined for "Cap[_1/2/3/4]". 
FinalFloor[_1/2/3/4] refers to w hat is defined for "Floor[_1/2/3/4]". 
FinalParticipation refers to w hat is defined for "Participation[_1/2/3/4]" 
FinalStrike[_1/2/3/4] refers to w hat is defined for "Strike[_1/2/3/4]". 
FloorCall refers to w hat is defined for "Floor[_1/2/3/4]". 
FloorDigit refers to w hat is defined for "Floor[_1/2/3/4]". 
FloorDigitA refers to w hat is defined for "Floor[_1/2/3/4]". 
FloorDigitB refers to w hat is defined for "Floor[_1/2/3/4]". 
Floor[_1/2/3/4] or FinalFloor or GlobalFloor or Bonus[_1/2/3/4] or UpFloor or DownFloor or LowBonus or HighBonus or 
FloorCall or FloorDigit or FloorDigitA or FloorDigitB or Floor_FSP or Floor_Payout means the Minimum level or percentage or 
amount that can be reached by the component of a Product Formula to w hich it is applied; if the component to w hich it is applied is 
low er than the Floor (resp. FinalFloor or GlobalFloor or Bonus or UpFloor or Dow nFloor or Low Bonus or HighBonus or FloorCall or 
FloorDigit or FloorDigitA or FloorDigitB), the component w ill be deemed equal to the Floor (resp. FinalFlooror GlobalFloor or Bonus 
or UpFloor or Dow nFloor or Low Bonus or HighBonus or FloorCall or FloorDigit or FloorDigitA or FloorDigitB or Floor_FSP or 
Floor_Payout). 
GlobalCapFloorCall refers to w hat is defined for "CapFloor[_1/2/3/4]".]". 
GlobalFloor refers to w hat is defined for "Floor[_1/2/3/4]". 
FloorDigit refers to w hat is defined for "Floor[_1/2/3/4]". 
FloorDigitA refers to w hat is defined for "Floor[_1/2/3/4]". 
FloorDigitB refers to w hat is defined for "Floor[_1/2/3/4]". 
Floor_ESP refers to w hat is defined for "Floor[_1/2/3/4]"

--- Page 490 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
490 
 
Floor_FSP refers to w hat is defined for "Floor[_1/2/3/4]". 
GlobalAdditiveFactor means the additive factor applied to a Product Formula in order to either increase or decrease the exposure 
to such Product Formula. 
GlobalCap refers to w hat is defined for "Cap[_1/2/3/4]". 
GlobalFloor refers to w hat is defined for "Floor[_1/2/3/4]". 
GlobalMultiplicativeFactor means the multiplicative factor applied to a Product Formula in order to either increase or decrease the 
exposure to such Product Formula. 
HighBarrier refers to w hat is defined for "Barrier[_1/2/3/4]".]". 
HighBonus refers to w hat is defined for "Floor[_1/2/3/4]". 
Knock-InThreshold[_1/2/3/4] means the performance that, once reached, triggers [a European] [an American] [a Range] Knock-In 
Event. 
Lag means a number of dates. 
Leverage refers to w hat is defined for "Participation[_1/2/3/4]". 
Leverage_Cap means the maximum level that can be reached by the Leverage. 
Leverage_FSP refers to w hat is defined for "Participation[_1/2/3/4]". 
LeverageFactor refers to w hat is defined for "Participation[_1/2/3/4]". 
LeveragePercentage refers to w hat is defined for "Participation[_1/2/3/4]". 
LockInBarrier refers to w hat is defined for "Barrier[_1/2/3/4]". 
LockInLevel, means a constant percentage. 
LockNumber means the number of events used to determine the Product Amount(s). 
LowBarrier refers to w hat is defined for "Barrier[_1/2/3/4]". 
LowBonus refers to w hat is defined for "Floor[_1/2/3/4]". 
LowerBound[_1/2] refers to w hat is defined for "Barrier[_1/2/3/4]".]". 
NbCalls or NbPuts or NbDigitsDown or NbDigitUp or ProductNumber or UnitVanillaNumber or OptionsNumber means the 
number of components used to determine the Product Amount(s). 
NbDigitsDown refers to w hat is defined "NbCalls". 
NbDigitUp refers to w hat is defined for "NbCalls". 
NbPuts refers to w hat is defined for "NbCalls". 
Number of Days means the number of days to be observed to determine an event. 
OptionsNumber refers to w hat is defined for "NbCalls".

--- Page 491 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
491 
 
Participation[_1/2/3/4] or FinalParticipation or CallParticipation or PutParticipation or LeveragePercentage or Leverage or 
LeverageFactor or Factor[_1/2] means the multiplicative factor applied to one or several component(s) of a Product Formula in order 
to either increase or decrease the exposure to these component(s) of a Product Formula. 
[In case of Non-exempt Offer to the public only: A percentage (indicatively [Insert the percentage]% subject to a minimum of [Insert 
the percentage]%) to be published by the Issuer on http://prospectus.socgen.com on [insert the date of the publication].] 
PhysicalDeliveryStrikePrice means the strike price of the relevant Underlying to be considered for the determination of the number 
of Deliverable Assets to be delivered upon settlement by w ay of Physical Delivery as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Participation_ESP[_1/2] refers to w hat is defined for "Participation[_1/2/3/4]" 
PF means an amount, a percentage or a level. 
Payout[_1/2/3/4/5/6] or Payout_ESP[_1/2/3/4/5/6] or Payout_FSP[_1/2/3/4/5/6] means the fixed or conditional payment paid upon 
an Early Expiration Event or [Settlement Date] of the Warrants. 
ProductNumber refers to w hat is defined for "NbCalls". 
PutParticipation refers to w hat is defined for "Participation[_1/2/3/4]". 
ReferenceFixingTime means the specific time used to determine the Fixing Price of an Underlying w hen the option Fixing Price is 
chosen to determine the Exchange Reference Price. 
RVP[_1/2] or Realised Volatility Period means a number that w ill be specified in the applicable Final Terms. For the avoidance of 
doubt, RVP could be renamed to RVP_1 or RVP_2 and w ill refer to w hat is defined for RVP[_1/2]. 
SD (Synthetic Decrement and with the abbreviate SD), means a level of synthetic decrement, specified in the applicable Final 
Terms 
SecondHighBarrier refers to w hat is defined for "Barrier[_1/2/3/4]". 
SecondLowBarrier refers to w hat is defined for "Barrier[_1/2/3/4]". 
Shift means the level or percentage or amount to be added to the relevant Reference formula to w hich it applies. 
Spread means the percentage to be added to the relevant Fixing or reference rate. 
[In case of Non-exempt Offer to the public only: A percentage (indicatively [Insert the percentage]% subject to a minimum of [Insert 
the percentage]%) to be published by the Issuer on http://prospectus.socgen.com on [insert the date of the publication].] 
SpreadMidAsk means the Spread used to adjust the Exchange Reference Price w hen the option Bid-Ask Spread is chosen to 
determine the Exchange Reference Price by reference to a purchase order. 
SpreadBidMid means the Spread used to adjust the Exchange Reference Price w hen the option Bid-Ask Spread is chosen to 
determine the Exchange Reference Price by reference to a sell order. 
SpreadSC means the relevant spread part of the SafeComponent, specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
SpreadLC means the relevant spread part of the LeverageComponent, specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Strike[_1/2/3/4] or FinalStrike[_1/2/3/4] or StrikeCall or StrikePut or StrikeDigit or StrikeDigitA or StrikeDigitB or 
StrikeDigitDown or StrikeDigitUp means the amount or level or performance of the relevant Underlying(s) that is (are) used to 
determine the reference purchase or selling price (resp. level performance) of the Underlying(s). 
StrikeCall refers to w hat is defined for "Strike[_1/2/3/4]".

--- Page 492 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
492 
 
StrikeDigit refers to w hat is defined for "Strike[_1/2/3/4]". 
StrikeDigitA refers to w hat is defined for "Strike[_1/2/3/4]". 
StrikeDigitB refers to w hat is defined for "Strike[_1/2/3/4]". 
StrikeDigitDown refers to w hat is defined for "Strike[_1/2/3/4]". 
StrikeDigitUp refers to w hat is defined for "Strike[_1/2/3/4]". 
StrikePut refers to w hat is defined for "Strike[_1/2/3/4]". 
Target_Volatility means a target level of volatility, specified in the applicable Final Terms 
Threshold means the threshold under or above w hich the participation to the level or performance of the Underlying(s) is adjusted. 
TWAPStartTime means the specific time used to determine the beginning of the period considered to compute the time w eighted 
average price of an Underlying w hen the option TWAP is chosen to determine the Exchange Reference Price. 
TWAPEndTime means the specific time used to determine the end of the period considered to compute the time w eighted average 
price of an Underlying w hen the option TWAP is chosen to determine the Exchange Reference Price. 
UnitVanillaNumber refers to w hat is defined for "NbCalls". 
UpCap refers to w hat is defined for "Cap[_1/2/3/4]".]". 
UpFloor refers to w hat is defined for "Floor[_1/2/3/4]". 
UpperBound[_1/2] refers to w hat is defined for "Barrier[_1/2/3/4]".]". 
Upside means the participation to the performance or level of the Underlying(s) above the Threshold. 
VWAPStartTime means the specific time used to determine the beginning of the period considered to compute the volume w eighted 
average price of an Underlying w hen the option VWAP is chosen to determine the Exchange Reference Price. 
VWAPEndTime means the specific time used to determine the end of the period considered to compute the volume w eighted average 
price of an Underlying w hen the option VWAP is chosen to determine the Exchange Reference Price. 
W(i,k) or RW(i,k) means in respect of Valuation Date(i) and Underlying(k), the w eight (usually expressed in percentage) associated 
to the Underlying(k) comprised in the relevant Basket (for the avoidance of doubt, W(i,k) may be negative). 
Weight[_1/2/…/N] or WeightCall or WeightDigit or WeightDigitA or WeightDigitB or WeightDigitDown or WeightDigitUp or 
WeightPut means the w eight, usually expressed in percentage, associated to the components used to determine the Product 
Amount(s). 
WeightCall refers to w hat is defined for "Weight". 
WeightDigit refers to w hat is defined for "Weight". 
WeightDigitA refers to w hat is defined for "Weight". 
WeightDigitB refers to w hat is defined for "Weight". 
WeightDigitDown refers to w hat is defined for "Weight". 
WeightDigitUp refers to w hat is defined for "Weight".

--- Page 493 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
493 
 
WeightPut refers to w hat is defined for "Weight". 
6. 
DEFINITIONS RELATING TO MATHEMATICAL OPERATORS AND SYMBOLS 
Where a given formula contains signs from both Groups 1 and 2 below , the operations required by the signs in Group 1 should be 
computed first, follow ed by the operations required by the signs in Group 2. 
Group 1 signs: / or x or * 
Group 2 signs: + or – 
 
+ 
means that the item preceding this sign is added to the item follow ing this sign. 
- 
means that the item follow ing this sign is deducted from the item preceding this sign. 
/ 
means that the item preceding this sign is divided by the item follow ing this sign. 
x or * 
means that the item preceding this sign w ill be multiplied by the item follow ing this sign. 
> 
means that an item X preceding this sign is, or w hen used in a condition, must be, strictly higher 
than an item Y follow ing this sign 
(E.g.: "If X>Y then,…" means that X must be strictly higher than Y for such condition to be met). 
< 
means that an item X preceding this sign is, or w hen used in a condition, must be, strictly lower 
than an item Y follow ing this sign 
(E.g.: "If X<Y then,…" means that X must be strictly low er than Y for such condition to be met). 
> or >= 
means that an item X preceding this sign is, or w hen used in a condition, must be, equal to or 
higher than an item Y follow ing this sign 
(E.g.: "If X ≥ Y then,…" means that X must be equal to or higher than Y for such condition to be 
met).  
< or <= 
means that an item X preceding this sign is, or w hen used in a condition, must be, equal to or 
low er than an item Y follow ing this sign 
(E.g.: "If X ≤ Y then,…" means that X must be equal to or low er than Y for the condition to be 
met). 
i from X to Y 
means that w ithin the countable list of the designated item to w hich i applies (as defined above), 
only the items w ith a rank betw een X and Y both included (X and Y are integer numbers) are 
considered. 
For ease of reading, those letters can be replaced by n, t, x, y or z, being clarified that this list is 
not exhaustive. 
i from X to Y and ≠ i0 by extension the item ranked i0 is excluded from the above list. 
Min(X;Y) 
means that the considered level is the low est level betw een the levels of the tw o numbers X and 
Y. 
Min or min or MIN or Minimum 
means, for the item to w hich it applies, the low est level that the item w ill take

--- Page 494 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
494 
 
E.g. Min(n from 1 to 10) ReferenceFormulae(n) means the low est level among the 10 levels that 
ReferenceFormulae(n) takes 
Max(X;Y) 
means that the considered level is the highest level betw een the levels of the tw o numbers X 
and Y. 
Max 
or 
max or 
MAX 
or 
Maximum 
means, for the item to w hich it applies, the highest level that the item w ill take 
E.g. Max (n from 1 to 10) ReferenceFormulae(n) means the highest level among the 10 levels 
that ReferenceFormulae(n) takes 
∑or Sum (n from 1 to X) or
Sum                                        
𝑋
𝑛 = 1
 
 
means, for the item to w hich it applies, the sum of the X levels that the item w ill take. 
Sum of a and b means a + b. 
E.g.: 
∑
10
𝑛 = 1
 
ReferenceFormulae(n) means the Sum of the 10 levels that ReferenceFormulae(n) takes 
w hen n varies from 1 to 10. 
1
X × ∑or Average (𝑛 from 1 to 𝑋)
or Arithmetic Average        
X
n = 1
 
 
E.g.: 
1
10 × ∑
10
𝑛 = 1
  
ReferenceFormulae(n) means the Arithmetic Average of the 10 levels that 
ReferenceFormulae(n) takes. 
│X│ or Abs (X) or Absolute 
Value of X 
means the maximum betw een X and -X.  
Xn or X^n 
means that the level to be considered is the result of X multiplied by itself "n-1" times 
(E.g.: 25 means 2*2*2*2*2 (i.e. 2 multiplied by itself 4 times) = 32). 
a power b or POW(a,b) or a^b 
means the exponential function of b w ith base a. 
EXP(x) or Exp(x) or 𝒆𝒙 
means the exponential function of x w ith base e. 
√X or the square root of X or 
SQRT(X) 
means that the level to be considered is the number w hich w hen multiplied by itself gives X 
(E.g.: √9 = 3 since 3*3 = 9.) 
∏or 𝐏𝐫𝐨𝐝𝐮𝐜𝐭
x
n = 1
 
 
means, for the item to w hich it applies, the product of the x levels that the item w ill take. 
Product of a and b means a x b. 
E.g.: 
∏(𝑛+ 1)
3
n = 1
 means (1 + 1)(2 + 1)(3 + 1) = 2 × 3 × 4 = 24 
 
LN(x) = ln(x) = Ln(x) 
means logarithm to the base e of x, for example LN(2) = 0.69315. 
INT(x) 
means the function w hich gives the integer part of the number x (rounded dow n to the closest 
integer number).

--- Page 495 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
495 
 
E.g.: INT(2.3) = 2, INT(1.6) = 1, INT(-1.4) = -2, INT(-4.6) = -5. 
IND(condition) 
means the characteristic function of the condition w hich is equal to 1 if the condition is satisfied 
and w hich is equal to 0 if the condition is not satisfied. 
E.g.: 
S(0): Closing Price of the Underlying on Valuation Date(0) 
S(1): Closing Price of the Underlying on Valuation Date(1) 
if S(0) > S(1), then IND(S(0)>S(1)) = 1 
if S(0) = S(1), then IND(S(0)>S(1)) = 0 
if S(0) < S(1), then IND(S(0)>S(1)) = 0 
Ratio 
ratio betw een a and b means a / b 
Difference 
difference betw een a and b means a – b 
Sign(a) 
means 1 if a ≥ 0 and (-1) if a < 0

--- Page 496 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants 
 
496 
 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR STRUCTURED WARRANTS 
These Additional Terms and Conditions (the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants) shall form part of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Warrants and shall apply to any Type of Structured Warrants specified in the applicable Final Ter ms 
w hich may be Share Linked Warrants, Index Linked Warrants, SGI Index Linked Warrants, Depositary Receipt Linked Warrants, ETF 
Linked Warrants, ETP Linked Warrants, Reference Rate Linked Warrants, Foreign Exchange Linked Warrants, Commodity Linked 
Warrants, Fund Linked Warrants, Credit Linked Warrants, Inflation Linked Warrants, Bond Linked Warrants, Non Equity Security 
Linked Warrants, Future Linked Warrants, Portfolio Linked Warrants or a combination of these types of Warrants (the Structured 
Warrants). 
In addition, to these Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants, the Structured Warrants may also be subject to the 
additional terms and conditions relating to Underlyings and w hich are the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Share Linked 
Warrants, the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Index Linked Warrants, the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to SGI 
Index Linked Warrants, the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Depositary Receipts Linked Warrants, the Additional Terms 
and Conditions relating to ETF Linked Warrants, the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to ETP Linked Warrants, the Additional 
Terms and Conditions relating to Reference Rate Linked Warrants, the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Foreign Exchange 
Rate Linked Warrants, the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Commodity Linked Warrants, the Additional Terms and 
Conditions relating to Fund Linked Warrants, the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Credit Linked Warrants, the Additional 
Terms and Conditions relating to Inflation Linked Warrants, the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Bond Linked Warrants, 
the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Non Equity Security Linked Warrants, the Additional Terms and Conditions relating 
to Future Linked Warrants, the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Portfolio Linked Warrants (the "Underlying related 
ATCs"). These Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants the Underlying related ATCs and the Additional Terms and 
Conditions relating to Formulae, are together referred to as the Additional Terms and Conditions. 
In the case of any conflict betw een the provisions of these Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants and the Underlying 
related ATCs mentioned above relating to a particular Underlying, the provisions of the Underlying related ATCs shall prevail. 
The payment of any amount in respect of a Type of Structured Warrants subject to these Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Structured Warrants may be determined or calculated by reference to one or more than one Product Formula (such Product Formula 
as described in the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae based on or referring to one or more than one Underlying 
or referring to one or more than one credit event or bond event if a Reference of the Product (such Reference of the Product as 
described in the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae) is specified for this Type of Structured Warrants in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Some of the provisions in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants may not apply (or may not apply to the same 
extent) in respect of Warrants to be listed and/or admitted to trading on a regulated market or a multilateral trading facility organised 
and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A., as specified below . 
1. 
GENERAL DEFINITIONS 
For the purposes of these Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants 
Product Formula and Reference of the Product shall have the same meaning as in the Additional Terms and Conditions relating 
to Formulae. 
Underlying shall, if so specified in the clause "Underlying(s)" in the applicable Final Terms, have the same meaning as in the General 
Terms and Conditions. 
2. 
ADMINISTRATOR/BENCHMARK EVENT 
This provision applies if the applicable Final Terms specify that “"EU Benchmark Regulation – Benchmark" is applicable. 
Upon the occurrence or likely occurrence, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of a Benchmark Event affecting an Underlying 
(the Affected Underlying) on or after the Issue Date the Calculation Agent may:

--- Page 497 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants 
 
497 
 
(A) 
adjust the Affected Underlying as it may determine appropriate to account for the relevant event or circumstance and, w ithout 
limitation, such adjustments may include selecting a successor Underlying w hich is representative of the same economic or  
geographic sector, and making any other change or adjustment to the terms of the Structured Warrants including w here 
applicable to reflect any increased costs of the Issuer providing such exposure to the successor Underlying and, in the case 
of more than one successor Underlying, making provision for allocation of exposure betw een the successor Underlyings; or 
(B) 
If the Calculation Agent has not made an adjustment in accordance w ith A above, then the Calculation Agent, acting in good 
faith,may either: 
(i) 
consider such event as an event triggering an early termination of the Warrants (hereafter an Early Termination 
Event). In that case,the Issuer shall terminate its obligations under the Structured Warrants and shall pay or cause 
to be paid an Early Termination Amount based on the Market Value as defined in Condition [5.5]/[5.5] of the General 
Terms and Conditions; or 
(ii) 
apply Monetisation until the Expiration Date (as defined in Condition [5.8]/[5.8] of the General Terms and Conditions)  
Subparagraph (A) shall not apply to Warrants to be listed on the Italian Exchange (Borsa Italiana S.p.A.). 
Where: 
Administrator/Benchmark Event means, for a Benchmark, any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence 
decision, approval or inclusion in any official register in respect of the Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of the Benchmark 
has not been, or w ill not be, obtained or has been, or w ill be, rejected, refused, suspended or w ithdraw n by the relevant competent  
authority or other relevant official body, in each case w ith the effect that either the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other entity is 
not, or w ill not be, permitted under any applicable law  or regulation to use the Benchmark to perform its or their respective obligations 
under the Warrants. 
Benchmark means any figure w hich is a benchmark as defined in the EU BMR and w here any amount payable or deliverable under 
the Structured Warrants, or the value of the Structured Warrants, is determined by reference in w hole or in part to such figure, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Benchmark Event means, in respect of the Benchmark any of the follow ing has occurred or w ill occur: 
(i) 
a Benchmark Cessation; 
(ii) 
an Administrator/Benchmark Event; or 
(iii) 
a Benchmark w hich is a Reference Rate as defined in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Reference Rate w ith respect 
to over-the-counter derivatives transactions w hich reference such Reference Rate, the subject of any market-w ide 
development (w hich may be in the form of a protocol by ISDA) pursuant to w hich such Reference Rate is, on a specified 
date (the “Risk-Free Rate Event Date”), replaced w ith a risk-free rate (or near risk-free rate) established in order to comply 
w ith the recommendations in the Financial Stability Board’s paper titled “Reforming Major Interest Rate Benchmarks” dated 
22 July 2014. 
EU BMR means the EU Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011), as amended. 
Benchmark Cessation means, for a Benchmark, the occurrence of one or more of the follow ing events: 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the Benchmark announcing that it has  
ceased or w ill cease to provide the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or 
publication,there is no successor administrator that w ill continue to provide the Benchmark; 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark, the 
central bank for the currency of the Benchmark, an insolvency official w ith jurisdiction over the administrator for the Reference 
Rate,a resolution authority w ith jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark or a court or an entity w ith similar 
insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for the Benchmark, w hich states that the administrator of the

--- Page 498 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants 
 
498 
 
Benchmark has ceased or w illcease to provide the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that w ill continue to provide the Benchmark; or 
(iii) 
in respect of a Benchmark, a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrato r 
of such Benchmark announcing that [(a)] the regulatory supervisor has determined that such Benchmark is no longer, or as 
of a specified future date w ill no longer be, representative of the underlying market and economic reality that such Benchmark 
is intended to measure and that representativeness w ill not be restored and (b) it is being made in the aw areness that the 
statement or publicationw ill engage certain contractual triggers for fallbacks activated by pre-cessation announcements by 
such supervisor (how soeverdescribed) in contracts 
(iv) 
any event w hich otherw ise constitutes an “index cessation event” (regardless of how  it is actually defined or described in the 
definition of the Benchmark) in relation to w hich a Priority Fallback (as defined in the Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Reference Rate) is specified. 
If, for a Benchmark, (i) an event or circumstance w hich w ould otherw ise constitute or give rise to an Administrator/Benchmark Event 
also constitutes a Benchmark Cessation or (ii) a Benchmark Cessation and an Administrator/Benchmark Event w ould otherw ise be 
continuing at the same time, it w ill in either case constitute a Benchmark Cessation and w ill not constitute or give rise to an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the above is additional, and w ithout prejudice, to any other terms of the Structured Warrants. In the event 
that under any such terms any other consequences could apply in relation to an event or occurrence the subject of an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event, the Issuer shall determine w hich terms shall apply in its sole and absolute discretion. 
3. 
CHANGE IN LAW, HEDGING DISRUPTION, INCREASED COST OF HEDGING, HOLDING LIMIT EVENT, INSOLV ENC Y 
FILING AND CONSEQUENCES 
The follow ing Conditions w ill not apply to Structured Warrants that are Commodity Linked Warrants, Fund Linked Warrants, ETF 
Linked Warrants, ETP Linked Warrants or Portfolio Linked Warrants but shall apply to any other Structured Warrants. 
The occurrence or likely occurrence, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of any of the follow ing events relating to an Underlying 
(the Affected Underlying) and/or Reference Entity(ies) (the Affected Reference Entity(ies)) and/or Bond(s) (the Affected Bond(s)) 
on or after the Issue Date shall constitute an Extraordinary Event: 
Change in Law means in respect of Structured Warrants that have one or more Underlying(s) and/or Bond(s) and/or Reference 
Entity(ies), that, on or after the first to occur of (a) the Issue Date, (b) the trade date of any Hedge Position, and (c) the first Valuation 
Date of the Structured Warrants (if applicable) (i) due to the adoption of, or any change in, any applicable law  or regulation (including 
w ithout limitation, any law  or regulation in respect of tax, solvency or capital requirements and, w ith respect to SGI Index Linked 
Warrants only, any regulation, rule or procedure of any Exchange on w hich any Index Component or any component thereof is traded) 
(the Applicable Law and Regulation) or (ii) due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or 
regulatory authority w ith competent jurisdiction of any applicable law  or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority or 
brought in a court of competent jurisdiction), the Calculation Agent determines in good faith that (a) in respect of Underlyings, Bonds 
or Reference Entities negotiated or located in AEJ Closed Markets, it w ill, or there is a substantial likelihood that it w ill, w ithin the next 
30 calendar days, but before the Expiration Date of the Warrants, become, or it has become illegal and (b) in respect of any other 
Underlying, it has become illegal, for Societe Generale or any of its affiliates to maintain the agreement entered into w ith Societe 
Generale or any of its affiliates by the Issuer of the Warrants relating to the Underlying of the Structured Warrants and/or Reference 
Entity(ies) and/or Bond(s). 
Where: 
AEJ Closed Markets means People’s Republic of China, India, Indonesia, Korea, Malaysia, Pakistan, Philippines, Taiw an, Thailand, 
Vietnam. 
Hedging Disruption means, unless it being specified as “Not Applicable” in the applicable Final Terms in respect of Structured 
Warrants that have one or more Underlying(s) and/or Reference Entity(ies) and/or Bond(s), that Societe Generale or any of its  affiliates 
is unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to either (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unw ind and/or 
dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the market risk (or any other relevant price risk including,

--- Page 499 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants 
 
499 
 
w ithout limitation, the bond price risk, credit price risk, currency risk, equity price risk, dividend risk, interest rate risk, foreign exchange 
risk, w arrant price risk) of entering into and performing its obligations w ith respect to the Structured Warrants or any agreement 
entered into by the Issuer w ith Societe Generale or any of its affiliates in relation to the Structured Warrants; or (b) freely realise, 
recover, receive, repatriate, remit or transfer the proceeds of any Hedge Positions or any agreement entered into by the Issuer w ith 
Societe Generale or any of its affiliates in relation to the Structured Warrants (either betw een accounts w ithin the jurisdic tion of the 
Hedge Positions (the Affected Jurisdiction) or, as the case may be, from accounts w ithin the Affected Jurisdiction to accounts 
situated outside of the Affected Jurisdiction); or (c) (only in the case of Bond(s)) receive or be likely to receive under the Bond(s) the 
payment of any sum due and payable under the Bond(s), but w ithout a Bond Event Determination Date having occurred. 
Increased Cost of Hedging means, unless it being specified as “Not Applicable” in the applicable Final Terms in respect of Structured 
Warrants that have one or more Underlying(s) and/or Reference Entity(ies) and/or Bond(s), that Societe Generale or any of its affiliates 
w ould incur a materially increased (as compared w ith circumstances existing on the date(s) on w hich Societe Generale or any of its 
affiliates enters into the Hedge Positions in respect of the Structured Warrants) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than 
brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unw ind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) 
it deems necessary to hedge the market risk (or any other relevant price risk including, w ithout limitation, the bond price risk, credit 
price risk, currency risk, equity price risk, dividend risk, interest rate risk, foreign exchange risk, w arrant price risk) of entering into and 
performing its obligations w ith respect to the Structured Warrants or any agreement entered into by the Issuer w ith Societe Generale 
or any of its affiliates in relation to the Structured Warrants or (b) freely realise, recover, receive, repatriate, remit or  transfer the 
proceeds of any Hedge Positions or any agreement entered into by the Issuer w ith Societe Generale or any of its affiliates in relation 
to the Structured Warrants. 
Holding Limit Event means, except in case of Bond Linked Structured Warrants, assuming the Hypothetical Investor is Societe 
Generale and/or any of its affiliates, that Societe Generale together w ith its affiliates, in aggregate hold, an interest in any one restricted 
Underlying or Underlying component, as the case may be, constituting or likely to constitute (directly or indirectly) ow nership, control 
or the pow er to vote a percentage of any class of voting securities of the Underlying, or the Underlying component or, of the issuer of 
such Underlying or such Underlying component, in excess of a percentage permitted or advisable, as determined by Societe Generale, 
for the purpose of its compliance w ith the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 as amended by Section 619 of the Dodd-Frank Wall 
Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the Volcker Rule), including any requests, regulations, rules, guidelines or directives 
made by the relevant governmental authority under, or issued by the relevant governmental authority in connection w ith, such statutes. 
In respect of any Underlying that is a Share, a Depositary Receipt, a Preference Share or a Warrant, Insolvency Filing means, in 
respect of Structured Warrants that have one or more Underlying(s) that the Company institutes or has instituted against it by a 
regulator, supervisor or any similar official w ith primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of 
its incorporation or organisation or the jurisdiction of its head home office, or it consents to a proceeding seeking a judgment of 
insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law  or other similar law  affecting creditors’ rights, or 
a petition is presented for its w inding-up or liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official or it consents to such a 
petition, provided that proceedings instituted or petitions presented by creditors and not consented to by the Company shall not be 
deemed an Insolvency Filing. 
In the case of occurrence of an Extraordinary Event defined above, the Calculation Agent may: 
(A) 
replace the Affected Underlying by a new  Underlying, the Affected Reference Entity by a new  reference entity or the Affected 
Bond by a new  bond, as the case may be, w hich is representative of the same economic or geographic sector; or  
(B) 
in the case of Increased Cost of Hedging only, deduct: 
(i) 
in the case of Structured Warrants that are Cash Settled Warrants, deduct (a) from the Optional Early Settlement 
Amount, Event-linked Early Settlement Amount, Early Trigger Level Settlement Amount or the Early Termination 
Settlement Amount (if any) due under the Structured Warrants, as the case may be, on the payment date of the 
Optional Early Settlement Amount, Event-linked Early Settlement Amount, Early Trigger Level Settlement Amount 
or Early Termination Settlement Amount (if any) and (b) in the absence of any Optional Early Settlement Amount, 
Event-linked Early Settlement Amount, Early Trigger Level Settlement Amount or Early Termination Settlement 
Amount in respect of the Structured Warrants, from the Cash Settlement Amount due on the Settlement Date, in 
each case after the occurrence of the Increased Cost of Hedging, the amount of any new , or any increase of, any 
tax, duty, expense or fee, that triggered the occurrence of the Increased Cost of Hedging incurred by Societe

--- Page 500 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants 
 
500 
 
Generale or any of its affiliates in relation to the Hedge Positions hedging the payment obligations of the Issuer 
under the Structured Warrants, such amount to be apportioned pro rata amongst the outstanding Warrants (such 
reduction being the Reduction Amount and the result of such deduction being floored at zero); or 
(ii) 
in the case of Structured Warrants that are Physical Delivery Warrants, any Physical Delivery Amount, Event-Linked 
Early Settlement Price, Early Termination Physical Delivery Amount or Early Trigger Level Physical Delivery 
Amount w hich is calculated in connection w ith the Structured Warrants shall be reduced by the Reduction Amount 
(subject to a floor of zero). 
If the Calculation Agent has not made a replacement in accordance w ith (A) above (or a deduction in accordance w ith (B) above in 
the case of Increased Cost of Hedging only), then the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith, may either: 
(C) 
consider such event as an event triggering an early termination of the Warrants (hereafter, an Early Termination Event). In 
that case, the Issuer shall terminate its obligations under the Warrants and pay or deliver, as the case may be, (i) in the c ase 
of Cash Settled Warrants, an amount equal to the Early Termination Settlement Amount on the basis of Market Value as 
defined in Condition 5.5 of the General Terms and Conditions or (ii) in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants, subject to 
payment of the Exercise Price divided, if applicable, by the Parity, the Early Termination Physical Delivery Amount 
determined in accordance w ith Condition [5.5]/[5.5]of the General Terms and Conditions; or 
(D) 
apply Monetisation until the Expiration Date (as defined in Condition [5.8]/[5.8] of the General Terms and Conditions). 
Subparagraph (A) shall not apply to Warrants to be listed on the Italian Exchange (Borsa Italiana S.p.A.). 
4. 
PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO SHARE LINKED WARRANTS, DEPOSITARY RECEIPTS LINKED WARRANTS, SGI 
INDEX LINKED WARRANTS AND INDEX LINKED WARRANTS 
4.1 
DEFINITIONS 
Applicable Hedge Positions means, in respect of an Underlying that is not a Depositary Receipt, at any time, Hedge Positions that 
Societe Generale or any of its affiliates determines that a Hypothetical Investor, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, w ould 
consider necessary to hedge the Structured Warrants at that time. 
Averaging Date means, in respect of a Valuation Date and an Underlying, each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
for the purpose of determining an average (or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next follow ing Scheduled Trading Day, 
unless such day is a Disrupted Day in w hich case it shall be postponed pursuant to the provisions of Condition 4.2 below .). 
Basket means a basket composed of the Underlying (each an Underlying) in the relative proportions or numbers of Underlying 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Company means, in respect of an Underlying that is a Share or a Depositary Receipt the issuer of such Share or the Deposited 
Securities related to such Depositary Receipts or, if applicable, the relevant entity (including, w ithout limitation, a limited partners hip) 
in w hich an equivalent proprietary unit is held. 
Disrupted Day means, in respect of an Underlying (or, in the case of a Basket of Underlyings, in respect of any Underlying comprising 
the Basket and observed separately), any Scheduled Trading Day on w hich 
(a) 
a relevant Exchange or Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session; or 
(b) 
a Market Disruption Event has occurred; or 
(c) 
in the case of an Underlying being an SGI Index, an SGI Market Disruption Event has occurred; or 
(d) 
in the case of an Underlying being an Index, the Index Sponsor fails to publish the Closing Price of the Index, 
(e) 
in respect of a Shares traded through the China Connect Services, the China Connect Service fails to open for order-routing 
during its regular order-routing session.

--- Page 501 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants 
 
501 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, w ith respect to an Underlying that is a Depositary Receipt, a Disrupted Day w ill be deemed to have 
occurred if it has occurred w ith respect to the Deposited Securities related to such Depositary Receipt. 
Exchange(s) means, in respect of an Underlying the corresponding exchange or quotation system specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, or any successor exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to w hich trading in the 
Underlying has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative 
to such Underlying on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Exchange). In respect of Deposited 
Securities underlying an Underlying that is a Depositary Receipt, Exchange means the primary exchange or market of trading of such 
Deposited Securities. 
Exchange Business Day means, in respect of an Underlying (or, in the case of a Basket of Underlyings, in respect of any Underlying 
comprised in the Basket and observed separately) any Scheduled Trading Day (i) on w hich each relevant Exchange and Related 
Exchange are open for trading during their respective regular trading sessions, notw ithstanding any such Exchange or Related 
Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time, and (ii) (cumulative) (a) w here the Underlying is an Index, on w hich the Index 
Sponsor publishes the Closing Price of such Index, or (b) in respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services, that is a 
China Connect Business Day. 
Local Jurisdiction means, in respect of an Underlying the jurisdiction in w hich the relevant Exchange is located. 
Local Taxes means, in respect of an Underlying, taxes, duties and similar charges (in each case, including interest and penalties 
thereon) imposed by the taxing authority in any jurisdiction, that w ould be w ithheld from or paid or otherw ise incurred by a Hypothetical 
Investor in connection w ith any Applicable Hedge Positions, excluding any corporate income taxes levied on the overall net income 
of the Hypothetical Investor. 
Market Disruption Event means, in respect of an Underlying, the occurrence or existence of (A) a Trading Disruption, (B) an 
Exchange Disruption w hich, in either case, the Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the one hour period that 
ends at the relevant Valuation Time or (C) an Early Closure, or (D) in respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Ser vices, 
a China Connect Disruption, w hich, in either case, the Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the one hour 
period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time or (E) in respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services, a Chin a 
Connect Early Closure. For the purpose hereof: 
A. 
Trading Disruption means, in respect of an Underlying, any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the relevant 
Exchange or Related Exchange or otherw ise and w hether by reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by 
the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherw ise (a) relating to the Underlying on the Exchange, or in the case of 
an Index, on the relevant Exchange(s) relating to securities that comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of the relevant 
Index or (b) in futures or options contracts relating to the Underlying on any relevant Related Exchange; 
B. 
Exchange Disruption means, in respect of an Underlying, any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs 
(as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general to effect transactions in, or obtain market 
values for (a) the Underlying on the Exchange, or in the case of an Index, on the relevant Exchange(s) relating to securities  
that comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of the relevant Index, or (b) futures or options contracts relating to the 
Underlying on any relevant Related Exchange; 
C. 
Early Closure means, the closure on any Exchange Business Day of (a) the relevant Exchange, or in the case of an Index, 
on the relevant Exchange(s) relating to securities that comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of the relevant Index or (b) 
any Related Exchange, prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing is announced by such Exchange or 
Related Exchange (as the case may be) at least one hour prior to the earlier of (x) the actual closing time for the regular 
trading session on such Exchange or Related Exchange (as the case may be) on such Exchange Business Day and (y) the 
submission deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the relevant 
Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day; 
D. 
China Connect Disruption means (i) any suspension of or limitation imposed on routing of orders (including in respect of 
buy orders only, sell orders only or both buy and sell orders) through the China Connect Service, relating to the Share on 
the Exchange or (ii) any event (other than a China Connect Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) the ability of the market participants in general to enter orders in respect of Shares through the China 
Connect Service;

--- Page 502 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants 
 
502 
 
E. 
China Connect Early Closure means the closure on any China Connect Business Day of the China Connect Service prior 
to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is announced by SEHK or the Exchange, as the case may 
be, at least one hour prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for order-routing through the China Connect Service on 
such China Connect Business Day and (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the China Connect Service 
system for execution on the Exchange at the Valuation Time on such China Connect Business Day. 
Related Exchange(s) means, in respect of an Underlying (and, w ith respect to a Depositary Receipt, the related Deposited Securities) 
each exchange or quotation system w here trading has a material effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent) on the overall market 
for futures and options contracts relating to such Underlying, any successor exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange 
or quotation system to w hich trading in futures or options contracts relating to an Underlying has temporarily relocated (provided that 
the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to the futures or options contracts relating such 
Underlying on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Related Exchange). 
Relevant Jurisdiction means, in respect of an Underlying, the relevant authorities in the jurisdiction of incorporation or organisation 
of the issuer of any component security. 
Scheduled Closing Time means in respect of an Underlying and in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange, (or in respect of 
Shares traded through the China Connect Services, China Connect Service), the scheduled w eekday closing time of such Exchange 
(or Related Exchange or in respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services, China Connect Service), w ithout regar d to 
after hours or any other trading outside of the regular trading session hours. 
Scheduled Trading Day means in respect of an Underlying (or, in the case of a Basket of Underlyings, in respect of any Underlying 
comprised in the Basket and observed separately), any day (i) on w hich each Exchange and each Related Exchange, if any, are 
scheduled to be open for trading for their respective regular trading session and (ii) (cumulative) (a) w here the Underlying is an Index, 
on w hich the Index Sponsor is scheduled to publish the closing price of the Index or (b) w here the Underly ing is a Share traded 
through the China Connect Services, on w hich the China Connect Service is scheduled to be open for order-routing for its regular 
order-routing sessions. 
Tax Residence Jurisdiction means, in respect of an Underlying the Local Jurisdiction or any jurisdiction of tax residence of the 
issuer of a component security 
Valuation Date means, in respect of an Underlying, each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (or, if such date is not 
a Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying, the next follow ing Scheduled Trading Day). 
Valuation Time means, in respect of an Underlying, the Scheduled Closing Time provided how ever that if the Exchange closes prior 
to its Scheduled Closing Time, the Valuation Time shall be the actual closing time of the Exchange. 
4.2 
CONSEQUENCES OF DISRUPTED DAYS 
If any Valuation Date or Averaging Date specified in the applicable Final Terms (the Scheduled Valuation Date and the Scheduled 
Averaging Date respectively) is a Disrupted Day for an Underlying, the Valuation Date or the Averaging Date for such Underlying 
shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of that Underlying, unless each of  the eight 
Scheduled Trading Days immediately follow ing the Scheduled Valuation Date or the Scheduled Averaging Date is also a Disrupted 
Day. In that case: 
(A) 
that eighth Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date or Averaging Date, for the Underlying 
notw ithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, 
(B) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine, its good faith estimate of the value or level of the Underlying as of the Valuation Time 
on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day and the good faith estimate of the value or level of the Underlying so calculated shall 
be deemed the Closing Price. In case the Underlying is an Index (or an SGI Index), such determination by the Calculation 
Agent shall be made in accordance w ith the formula for and method of calculating the level of that Index (or, as applicable, 
SGI Index) last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using the Exchange traded or quoted price as of 
the Valuation Time on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day of each security or other component comprised in the Index (or, 
as applicable, SGI Index) (or if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the relevant security or

--- Page 503 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants 
 
503 
 
other component on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day, its good faith estimate of the value of the relevant security or other 
component as of the Valuation Time on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day); 
Provided that if the Underlying is included in a Basket, the above provisions shall apply only to the Underlying affected by the 
occurrence of a Disrupted Day and the Valuation Date or the Averaging Date for each Underlying not affected by a Disrupted Day 
shall be the Scheduled Valuation Date or the Scheduled Averaging Date. 
Provided however that, 
(a) 
if a Scheduled Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day, the Averaging Date shall be postponed pursuant to the provisions above 
to the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day provided it is not also a Scheduled Averaging 
Date; if on the eighth Scheduled Trading Day follow ing the Scheduled Averaging Date, a Scheduled Trading Day that is not 
a Disrupted Day nor another Scheduled Averaging Date has not occurred, then that eighth Scheduled Trading Day shall be 
deemed the Averaging Date (irrespective of w hether that eighth Scheduled Trading Day is also a Scheduled Averaging Date) 
and the Calculation Agent shall make on that day the determinations described in (B) above, and the good faith estimate of 
the value or level of the Underlying so calculated shall be deemed the Closing Price; 
(b) 
notw ithstanding the foregoing, a Valuation Date or an Averaging Date (postponed as the case may be pursuant to the 
provisions above) shall occur not later than the fourth Business Day before the date of any payment to be made under the 
Structured Warrants on the basis of determinations made on such Valuation Date or Averaging Date; if a Valuation Date or 
an Averaging Date (postponed as the case may be pursuant to the provisions above) w ould fall after the fourth Business 
Day prior to the date of any payment to be made under the Structured Warrants on the basis of determinations made on 
such Valuation Date or Averaging Date, then that fourth Business Day shall be deemed the Valuation Date or Averaging 
Date and the Calculation Agent shall make, on that day the determinations described in (B) above at the latest as of the 
Valuation Time on such fourth Business Day and the good faith estimate of the value or level of the Underlying so calculated 
shall be deemed the Closing Price, 
further provided however that: 
 
all references to the w ord "fourth" above may be deemed to be a reference to another time limit as determined by the 
Calculation Agent pursuant to rules applicable to the clearing system through w hich the Structured Warrants are cleared and 
settled, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 504 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Share Linked Warrants and Depositary Receipts Linked Warrants  
 
504 
 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHARE LINKED WARRANTS AND DEPOSITARY RECEIPTS 
LINKED WARRANTS 
The provisions of these Additional Terms and Conditions for Share Linked Warrants and Depositary Receipts Linked Warrants apply 
if the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Type of Structured Warrants" is stated as being “Share Linked Warrants" or 
“Depositary Receipts Linked Warrants". 
1. 
GENERAL DEFINITIONS 
ADR means an American depositary receipt (or the American depositary receipts in case of a Basket) representing shares issued by 
a Company and w hich constitute Deposited Securities, specif ied as Underlying in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment 
pursuant to the provisions of Condition 3.1 below . 
Affiliate means, in respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services, in relation to any person, any entity controlled, 
directly or indirectly, by the person, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the person or any entity directly or  indirectly under 
common control w ith the person. For this purpose, "control" of any entity or person means ow nership of a majority of the voting pow er 
of the entity or person. 
Applicable Hedge Positions has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants. 
Averaging Date has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants. 
Basket has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants. 
China Connect Business Day means, in respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services, any Scheduled Trading Day 
on w hich the China Connect Service is open for order-routing during its regular order-routing sessions, notw ithstanding the China 
Connect Service closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
China Connect Service means, in respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services, the securities trading and clearing 
links programme developed by the Exchange, SEHK, CSDCC and HKSCC, through w hich (i) SEHK and/or its Affiliates provides 
order-routing and other related services for certain eligible securities traded on the Exchange and (ii) CSDCC and HKSCC provides 
clearing, settlement, Depositary and other services in relation to such securities. 
Closing Price means: 
(a) 
if such Share is traded on the Tokyo Stock Exchange or the Osaka Exchange Inc., the last traded price of such Share for 
the day quoted by the Exchange, provided how ever, that if there is a closing special quote on such Share quoted by the 
Exchange (tokubetsu kehaine), such quote shall be deemed to be the relevant Closing Price; 
(b) 
if such Share is traded on the Italian Exchange (Borsa Italiana S.p.A.), the Prezzo di Riferimento, w hich means the price as 
published by the Borsa Italiana S.p.A. at the close of trading and having the meaning ascribed thereto in the Rules of the 
markets organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A., as such Rules may be amended by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. from 
time to time; 
(c) 
if such Share is traded on the Nasdaq, the NASDAQ Official Closing Price (NOCP) as of the relevant Valuation Time on the 
Valuation Date as reported in the official real-time price dissemination mechanism for the Exchange; 
(d) 
in any other case, the official closing price of such Share or Depositary Receipt on the relevant Exchange; 
in any case as adjusted (if applicable) pursuant to the provisions of  Condition 3 below . 
Company has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants. 
CSDCC means, in respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services, China Securities Depository and Clearing 
Corporation.

--- Page 505 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Share Linked Warrants and Depositary Receipts Linked Warrants  
 
505 
 
Depositary means the depositary appointed in the Deposit Agreement or any successor to it from time to time in such capacity. 
Deposit Agreement means, in respect of a Depositary Receipt, the deposit agreement betw een the Company that has issued the 
shares that are Deposited Securities and the Depositary pursuant to w hich a Depositary Receipt w as issued. 
Depositary Receipt (or the Depositary Receipts in case of a Basket) means the depositary receipts (including an ADR and/or a 
GDR) representing shares or other interest issued by a Company and w hich constitute Deposited Securities, specified as Underlying 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
Deposited Securities means the shares issued by a Company held by the Depositary under the Deposit A greement pursuant to 
w hich a Depositary Receipt evidencing such Deposited Securities w as issued. 
Disrupted Day has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants. 
Exchange(s) has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants. 
Exchange Business Day has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants. 
GDR means a global depositary receipt (or the global depositary receipts in the case of a Basket) representing shares issued by a 
Company and w hich constitute Deposited Securities, specified as Underlying in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment 
pursuant to the provisions of Condition 3.1 below . 
Hedge Positions has the meaning given to it in the General Terms and Conditions. 
HKSCC means, in respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services, the Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company 
Limited. 
Hong Kong means, in respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services, the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region 
of the People's Republic of China. 
Hypothetical Investor has the meaning given to it in the General Terms and Conditions. 
Intraday Price means the price of such Share or Depositary Receipt on the relevant Exchange at any time during a trading session 
on an Exchange Business Day, including the Closing Price. 
Local Jurisdiction has the meaning given to it in the General Terms and Conditions. 
Local Taxes has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants. 
Market Disruption Event has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants. 
Opening Price means the official opening price of such Share or Depositary Receipt on the relevant Exchange as adjusted (if 
applicable) pursuant to the provisions of Condition 3 below . 
PRC means, in respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services, the People’s Republic of China (excluding Hong Kong, 
Macau and Taiw an). 
Related Exchange(s) has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants. 
Relevant Jurisdiction has the meaning given to it in the General Terms and Conditions. 
Scheduled Closing Time has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants. 
Scheduled Trading Day has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants. 
SEHK means, in respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services, the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited.

--- Page 506 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Share Linked Warrants and Depositary Receipts Linked Warrants 
 
506 
 
Share(s) means a share, or other equivalent proprietary unit (including, w ithout limitation, a common unit in a limited partnership), of 
the Company (or the shares of the relevant Company in case of a Basket) specified as Underlying in the applicable Final Terms, 
subject to adjustment pursuant to the provisions of Condition 3.1 below . 
Tax Residence Jurisdiction has the meaning given to it in the General Terms and Conditions. 
Valuation Date has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants provided that if such 
Share is listed and traded on the Italian Stock Exchange (Borsa Italiana S.p.A.), Valuation Date shall mean (i) for the purpose of 
calculating the Final Settlement Price, the Scheduled Trading Day preceding the Exercise Date and (ii) for the purpose of calculating 
the Early Settlement Price, the relevant Exercise Date unless such day is a Disrupted Day in w hich case it shall be postponed pursuant 
to the provisions of Condition 2 below . 
Valuation Time has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants. 
2. 
CONSEQUENCES OF DISRUPTED DAYS 
The consequences of Disrupted Days are set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants. 
3. 
ADJUSTMENT EVENTS AND EXTRAORDINARY EVENTS– CHANGE IN LAW, HEDGING DISRUPTION, HOLDING 
LIMIT EVENT, INCREASED COST OF HEDGING, INSOLVENCY FILING AND CONSEQUENCES – CHINA CONNECT 
SHARE DISQUALIFICATION, CHINA CONNECT SERVICE TERMINATION AND CONSEQUENCES 
3.1 
Adjustment Events and extraordinary events 
3.1.1 
Potential Adjustment Events 
Potential Adjustment Event means, in relation to a Share or a Depositary Receipt, any of the follow ing: 
A. 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of such Share or Deposited Securities (unless resulting in a Merger Event), 
including, for the avoidance of doubt, a stock split or reverse stock split, or a free distribution or dividend of any such Shares 
or Deposited Securities to existing holders by w ay of bonus, capitalisation or similar issue; 
B. 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of (a) such Shares or Deposited Securities, (b) other share capital or 
securities granting the right to payment of dividends and/or the proceeds of liquidation of the Company equally or 
proportionately w ith such payments to holders of such Shares or Deposited Securities, (c) share capital, other securities of 
another issuer acquired or ow ned (directly or indirectly) by the Company as a result of a spin-off or other similar transaction, 
or (d) any other type of securities, rights or w arrants or other assets, in any case for payment (in cash or otherw ise) at less 
than the prevailing market price as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
C. 
an extraordinary dividend as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
D. 
a call by the Company in respect of Shares or Deposited Securities that are not fully paid; 
E. 
a repurchase by the Company or any of its subsidiaries of Shares or Deposited Securities w hether out of profits or capital 
and w hether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, securities or otherw ise; 
F. 
an event that results in any shareholder rights being distributed or becoming separated from shares of common stock or 
other shares of the capital stock of the Company pursuant to a shareholder rights plan or arrangement directed against 
hostile takeovers that provides upon the occurrence of certain events for a distribution of preferred stock, w arrants, debt 
instruments or stock rights at a price below  their market value, as determined by the Calculation Agent provided that any 
adjustment effected as a result of such an event shall be readjusted upon any redemption of such rights; or 
G. 
any other event having, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of 
the Shares or the Depositary Receipt.

--- Page 507 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Share Linked Warrants and Depositary Receipts Linked Warrants  
 
507 
 
Follow ing the occurrence of any Potential Adjustment Event as defined above, the Calculation Agent w ill, as soon as  reasonably 
practicable after it becomes aw are of such event determine w hether such Potential Adjustment Event has a diluting or concentr ative 
effect: 
(i) 
on the theoretical value of the Share and, if so, w ill (a) calculate the corresponding adjustment, if any, to be made 
to the elements relating to the relevant Share used to determine any settlement or payment terms under the 
Warrants and/or adjust any other terms of the Warrants as it determines appropriate to preserve the economic 
equivalent of the obligations of the Issuer under the Warrants and (b) determine the effective date of that adjustment; 
or 
(ii) 
on the Deposited Securities that affects the theoretical value of the Depositary Receipts, provided that an event that 
has a diluting or concentrative effect on the Deposited Securities w ill affect the theoretical value of the Depositary 
Receipts unless (and to the extent that) the Company or the Depositary, pursuant to its authority (if any) under the 
Deposit Agreement, elects to adjust the number of the Deposited Securities that are represented by each Depositary 
Receipt such that the price of the Depositary Receipts w ill not be affected by any such event (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent), in w hich case the Calculation Agent w ill make no adjustment. If the Company or the Depositary 
elects not to adjust the number of Deposited Securities that are represented by a Depositary Receipt or makes an 
adjustment that the Calculation Agent determines not to have been adequate, then the Calculation Agent may make 
the necessary adjustment to the elements relating to the Underlying used to determine any settlement or payment 
terms under the Warrants and/or any other terms of the Warrants as it determines appropriate to preserve the 
economic equivalent of the obligations of the Issuer under the Warrants (subject to any Local Taxes to be w ithhold 
or paid) and determine the effective date of that adjustment. The Depositary may also have the ability pursuant to 
the Deposit Agreement to make adjustments in respect of the Depositary Receipts for share distributions, rights 
distributions, cash distributions and distributions other than shares, rights and cash. Upon any such adjustment by 
the Depositary, the Calculation Agent may make the necessary adjustments as the Calculation Agent deems 
appropriate to account for such event. 
In its determinations of the existence and extent of any dilutive or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the Shares or on the 
Deposited Securities that affects the theoretical value of the Depositary Receipts of any Potential Adjustment Event, and any related 
adjustments to the terms of the Warrants, the Calculation Agent shall take into account (i) any amounts of Local Taxes that w ould, in 
the determination of the Calculation Agent, be w ithheld from or paid or otherw ise incurred by an Offshore Investor in connection w ith 
such Potential Adjustment Event and, in respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services only, (ii) any requiremen t, 
adjustment and/or limitation that may be imposed by the China Connect Service or any action or inaction by any one or more of the 
Exchange, SEHK, CSDCC and HKSCC in relation to such Potential Adjustment Event. 
The Calculation Agent may (but need not) determine the appropriate adjustment by reference to the adjustment in respect of such 
Potential Adjustment Event made by a Related Exchange to options on the Share or on the Deposited Securities traded on such 
Related Exchange. 
Definitions applicable to this Condition: 
Offshore Investor means a holder of Shares or Deposited Securities w ho is an institutional investor not resident in the country in 
w hich the Company has been incorporated or in w hich the Exchange, on w hich the Share (or the Deposited Securities) is (are) listed 
is located (the Local Jurisdiction), for the purposes of the tax law s and regulations of the Local Jurisdiction and, for the avoidance 
of doubt, w hose jurisdiction of residence (a) shall be determined by the Calculation Agent and (b) may be the jurisdiction of  Societe 
Generale or any of its affiliates. 
3.1.2 
Extraordinary events and consequences 
A. 
Upon the occurrence, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, on or prior to the last Valuation Date or the last Averaging 
Date of the opening of an Offering Period relating to a Merger Event, a De-merger Event, a Tender Offer, a De-listing Event, 
an Insolvency or a Nationalisation, in respect of (i) the Company or issuance of Shares by the Company, as applicable (an 
Affected Share) or (ii) a Depositary Receipt (an Affected Depositary Receipt), then during such Offering Period, the 
Calculation Agent may decide in good faith to apply Method of Substitution w ith respect to the Affected Share or Affected 
Depositary Receipt as the case may be.

--- Page 508 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Share Linked Warrants and Depositary Receipts Linked Warrants  
 
508 
 
B. 
If the Calculation Agent decides not to apply Method of Substitution during the Offering Period w ith respect to the Affected 
Share or the Affected Depositary Receipt, then: 
(a) 
in respect of a Merger Event (or a Tender Offer as the case may be), from the Merger Date (or the Tender Offer 
Date as the case may be), and/or upon consummation of the Merger Event (or the Tender Offer as the case may 
be), until the sixtieth Business Day thereafter, the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith, shall apply, in relation to 
Share-for-Share, Share-for-Other and Share-for-Combined, either: 
(x) 
Calculation Agent Adjustment and/or 
(y) 
Method of Substitution 
(b) 
in the case of a Merger Event affecting tw o Shares or tw o Depositary Receipts comprised in a Basket, the 
Calculation Agent w ill either: 
(x) 
continue w ith the share or the Depositary Receipt resulting from the Merger Event and in order to maintain 
the original number of companies in the Basket, a Substitute Share or Substitute Depositary Receipt (as 
applicable) w ill be elected and included in the Basket; 
(y) 
substitute both Shares or Depositary Receipts w ith tw o Substitute Shares or Substitute Depositary Receipt 
selected as described in the Method of Substitution; 
(c) 
in respect of a De-merger Event, from the De-merger Date, and/or upon consummation of the De-merger Event, 
until the sixtieth Business Day thereafter, the Calculation Agent w ill either: 
(x) 
replace the Affected Share or the Affected Depositary Receipt w ith the shares or depositary receipts of 
the successor companies; 
(y) 
substitute one or more share(s) or depositary receipt(s) resulting from such De-merger Event pursuant to 
the Method of Substitution; 
it being understood that, in the case of a Basket, the Calculation Agent shall maintain the initial number of 
companies in the Basket and that in the case w here the Calculation Agent has elected to substitute the Affected 
Share or the Affected Depositary Receipt w ith several shares or depositary receipts resulting from such De-merger 
Event, such shares or depositary receipts shall be placed in a sub-basket and considered as one component of the 
Basket; 
(d) 
in respect of a De-listing Event or a Nationalisation, from the effective date of such event, until the sixtieth Business 
Day thereafter, the Calculation Agent may apply the Method of Substitution; 
(e) 
in respect of an Insolvency, the Calculation Agent w ill decide either: 
(x) 
that the Affected Share or the Affected Depositary Receipt w ill be substituted pursuant to the Method of 
Substitution; 
(y) 
that the value of the relevant component in the formula used to determine the amount to be paid or w hether 
a condition has occurred, if any, as described in the applicable Final Terms, representing the Affected 
Share or the Affected Depositary Receipt w ill be accounted by the Calculation Agent for its fair market 
value determined at any time as from the date of occurrence of such Insolvency until the last Valuation 
Date or the last Averaging Date. The determination of the fair market value shall depend upon the liquidity 
of the market and the trading conditions relating to the Share or the Depositary Receipt affected at the 
time of calculation; 
(f) 
In each case as developed in (a), (b), (c), (d) and (e) above, if the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith, has not 
retained as the case may be, (x) or if in (y) no share or depositary receipt meets the criteria as set out in the Method 
of Substitution, then the Calculation Agent may either:

--- Page 509 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Share Linked Warrants and Depositary Receipts Linked Warrants  
 
509 
 
(x) 
apply Condition [5.8]/[5.8] “Monetisation until the Expiration Date” of the General Terms and Conditions; 
or 
(y) 
consider such event as an event triggering an early termination of the Warrants. In that case, the Issuer 
shall terminate its obligations under the relevant Warrants and pay to each Warrantholder, as soon as 
possible after the occurrence of any of the events described in (a), (b), (c), (d) and (e), an amount pursuant 
to the provisions of Early Termination as set forth below . 
C. 
Notw ithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Calculation Agent shall use its reasonable endeavours at all times to 
maintain the original number of companies in the Basket as Companies hereunder. 
Definitions applicable to this Condition : 
Calculation Agent Adjustment means that, in respect of a Merger Event (or a Tender Offer as the case may be), the Calculation 
Agent shall, on or after the relevant Merger Date (or the Tender Offer Date as the case may be), (A) make such adjustment to the 
exercise, settlement, payment or any other terms of the Warrant as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for the 
economic effect on the Warrant of such Merger Event (or such Tender Offer as the case may be) (provided that no adjustments w ill 
be made to account solely for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relevant to the Shares or the 
Depositary Receipt or to the Warrant), w hich may, but need not, be determined by reference to the adjustment(s) made in respect of 
such Merger Event (or such Tender Offer as the case may be) by an options exchange to options on the relevant Shares or Depositary 
Receipts traded on such options exchange and (B) determine the effective date of that adjustment. 
Combined Consideration means New  Shares in combination w ith Other Consideration. 
De-listing Event means, in respect of a Share or a Depositary Receipt, that such Share or Depositary Receipt (or Deposit Warrant 
related to such Depositary Receipt): (a) ceases to be listed, traded or publicly quoted on the relevant Exchange or listing c ompartment 
of the relevant Exchange (for any reason other than a Merger Event or a Tender Offer) and is not immediately re-listed, re-traded or 
re-quoted on an exchange or quotation system located in the same country as the Exchange (or w here the Exchange is w ithin the 
European Union, in any Member State of the European Union) or (b) has its listing, trading or public quotation maintained in 
inappropriate conditions in the opinion of the Calculation Agent (such conditions to include, w ithout limitation, a lack of liquidity or the 
disappearance of the relevant futures and/or option contract of the relevant Share or Depositary Receipt (or Deposit Security related 
to such Depositary Receipt)). 
De-merger Event means, in respect of any Share or Depositary Receipt, that the Company relevant to such Share or Depositary 
Receipt is affected by a de-merger including, w ithout limitation, a spin off, scission or any operation of a similar nature. 
De-merger Date means the date on w hich a De-merger Event becomes effective. 
Early Termination means that there w ill be an early termination of the Warrants, in respect of w hich Warrantholders shall be entitled 
to receive (i) in the case of Cash Settled Warrants, the Early Termination Settlement Amount or (ii) in the case of Physical Delivery 
Warrants and subject to payment of the Exercise Price divided, if applicable, by the Parity, the Early Termination Physical Delivery 
Amount, determined, in each case, in accordance w ith Condition [5.5]/[5.5] of the General Terms and Conditions. 
Fixing Period means the period subject to a maximum of ten Exchange Business Days, w hich shall expire no later than 90 Business 
Days follow ing the Merger Date, the De-merger Date, the Tender Offer Date or the effective date of the De-listing Event, 
Nationalisation or Insolvency during w hich: 
A. 
Societe Generale or any of its affiliates sells the Affected Shares or the Affected or Depositary Receipt, the New  Shares 
and/or the Other Consideration, (as the case may be), on the basis of the w eighted average of the closing prices of the 
relevant assets traded by Societe Generale or any of its affiliates w ith regards to the relevant Warrants, as observed during 
such Fixing Period; and 
B. 
the proceeds of such sale are re-invested in the Substitute Shares, Substitute Depositary Receipt and/or New  Shares 
accordingly during the said Fixing Period on the basis of the w eighted average of the closing prices of such Substitute 
Shares, Substitute Depositary Receipt and/or New  Shares traded by Societe Generale or any of its affiliates w ith regards to 
the relevant Warrants, as observed during such Fixing Period.

--- Page 510 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Share Linked Warrants and Depositary Receipts Linked Warrants 
 
510 
 
Insolvency means, in respect of a Company, voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, insolvency, dissolution or w inding-up 
of, or any analogous proceeding affecting, such Company, as determined in good faith by the Calculation Agent. 
Merger Date means, in respect of a Share or a Deposited Security, the date upon w hich holders of the necessary number of the 
relevant Shares or Deposited Securities (other than, in the case of a takeover offer, Shares or Deposited Securities ow ned or 
controlled by the offeror) to constitute a Merger Event have agreed or have irrevocably become obliged to transfer their Shar es or 
Deposited Securities. 
Merger Event means, in respect of any Share or Depositary Receipt: 
A. 
any reclassification or change of such Share or Deposited Security (including the change of currency reference of the Share 
or the Deposited Security) that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all of such Share or Deposited 
Security outstanding to another entity or person; 
B. 
any consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the relevant Company w ith or into another entity 
(other than a consolidation, amalgamation or merger in w hich such Company is the continuing entity and w hich does not 
result in a reclassification or change of all of the outstanding Shares or Deposited Securities): 
C. 
other take-over offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person to purchase 
or otherw ise obtain 100 per cent. of the outstanding Shares or Deposited Securities that results in a transfer of or an 
irrevocable commitment to transfer all or part of such Shares or Deposited Securities (other than any of such Shares or 
Deposited Securities ow ned or controlled by the offeror); or 
D. 
any consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the relevant Company or its subsidiaries w ith or into 
another entity in w hich such Company is the continuing entity and w hich does not result in a reclassification or change of all 
of the outstanding Shares or Deposited Securities but results in the outstanding Shares or Deposited Securities (other than 
Shares or Deposited Securities ow ned or controlled by such other entity) immediately prior to such event collectively 
representing less than 50 per cent. of the outstanding Shares or Deposited Securities immediately follow ing such event. 
Method of Substitution means that in the case of a Merger Event, De-merger Event, Tender Offer, De-listing Event, Nationalisation 
or Insolvency (regardless of the consideration to be received), in respect of an Affected Share or the Affected Depositary Receipt, the 
Calculation Agent may consider that the Affected Share, the Affected Depositary Receipt, the New  Shares and/or, all or part of the 
Other Consideration (as the case may be) is/are converted into cash and that the proceeds w ill be reinvested either (a) into a new  
share or a new  depositary receipt of the same economic sector or into a share or a depositary receipt issued by a company of a 
similar international standing or creditw orthiness as the Company related to the Affected Share or the Affected Depositary Receipt 
(the Substitute Share or the Substitute Depositary Receipt, as the case may be) or (b) in the case of Combined Consideration into 
New  Shares. In the event of Other Consideration to be received in cash, in the future, the Calculation Agent may consider that the 
cash to be received in the future is discounted in order to immediately re-invest the proceeds then procured in accordance w ith (a) 
and (b) above. 
The sale of the Affected Share, the Affected Depositary Receipt, the New  Shares and/or the Other Consideration shall be deemed to 
take place during the Fixing Period. The Substitute Share or the Substitute Depositary Receipt, as the case may be, and the c ompany 
issuing such Substituted Share or, in the case of a Depositary Receipt, the company issuing the Deposited Securities w ill be deemed 
a Share or a Depositary Receipt and the Company respectively, and the Calculation Agent w ill adjust any relevant terms of the 
Warrants. 
For information purposes, it is understood that in all cases described herein w here a Share or a Depositary Receipt is substituted, on 
any date "t", w ith a Substitute Share or Substitute Depositary Receipt, the value of the relevant component in the formula us ed to 
determine the amount to be paid as described in the applicable Final Terms, shall not be affected by the substitution on such date "t" 
in respect of the Substitute Share or Substitute Depositary Receipt and w ould mean the closing price of such Substitute Share or 
Substitute Depositary Receipt on the relevant Exchange on the date "t" is w eighted by an appropriate linking coefficient so that it is 
equal to the closing price of the Affected Share or the Affected Depositary Receipt on such date "t". 
Nationalisation means that all the Shares or the Deposited Securities or all or substantially all of the assets of a Company are 
nationalised, expropriated or are otherw ise required to be transferred to any governmental agency, authority, entity or instr umentality 
thereof.

--- Page 511 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Share Linked Warrants and Depositary Receipts Linked Warrants 
 
511 
 
New Shares means shares or depositary receipts (w hether of the offeror or a third party) that are listed or quoted on a recognised 
exchange involved in the application of Method of Substitution or Calculation Agent Adjustment as determined by the Calculati on 
Agent. 
Offering Period means the period from and including the date on w hich the Tender Offer, the Merger Event, the De-listing Event, the 
De-merger Event, the Insolvency or the Nationalisation is publicly and officially announced to but excluding the Merger Date or the 
De-merger Date, the Tender Offer Date or the effective date of the De-listing Event, the Insolvency or the Nationalisation. 
Other Consideration means cash and/or any securities (other than New  Shares) or assets (w hether of the offeror or a third party). 
Share-for-Combined means, in respect of a Merger Event or Tender Offer, that the consideration for the relevant Shares or 
Depositary Receipts consists of Combined Consideration. 
Share-for-Other means, in respect of a Merger Event or Tender Offer, that the consideration for the relevant Shares or Depositary 
Receipts consists solely of Other Consideration. 
Share-for-Share means, in respect of a Merger Event or Tender Offer, that the consideration for the relevant Shares or Depositary 
Receipts consists (or, at the option of the holder of such Shares or Depositary Receipts, may consist) solely of New  Shares. 
Tender Offer means, in respect of any Share or Depositary Receipt, a take-over offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, 
proposal or other event by any entity or person that results in such entity or person purchasing or otherw ise obtaining or having the 
right to obtain, by conversion or other means, greater than 10 per cent. and less than 100 per cent. of the outstanding voting shares 
of the Company, as determined by the Calculation Agent based upon the making of filings w ith governmental or self -regulatory 
agencies or such other information as the Calculation Agent deems relevant. 
Tender Offer Date means, in respect of a Share or a Deposited Security, the date on w hich voting shares in the amount of the 
applicable percentage threshold are actually purchased or otherw ise obtained (as determined by the Calculation Agent). 
3.1.3 
Stop-Loss Event 
Unless “Stop-Loss Event” is specified as “Not applicable” in the applicable Final Terms, if on any Exchange Business Day betw een 
the initial Valuation Date (excluded) and the last Valuation Date (included), the Closing Price of a Share or a Depositary Receipt is 
affected by a decrease of 80 per cent. or more of its Closing Price on the initial Valuation Date (the Affected Share or the Affected 
Depositary Receipt and the event, the Stop-Loss Event), then: 
A. 
the Calculation Agent may decide to substitute the Affected Share or the Affected Depositary Receipt by a new  share or 
depositary receipt issued by a company of a similar international standing or creditw orthiness as the Company related to the 
Affected Share or the Affected Depositary Receipt (the Substitute Share or Substitute Depositary Receipt, as the case 
may be) and w ill adjust any relevant terms of the Warrants accordingly; or 
B. 
the Calculation Agent may decide to continue w ith the Affected Share or the Affected Depositary Receipt; or 
C. 
if the Calculation Agent has neither retained any Substitute Share or Substitute Depositary Receipt nor decided to continue 
w ith the Affected Share or the Affected Depositary Receipt, the Calculation Agent may either: 
(a) 
apply Condition [5.8]/[5.8] “Monetisation until the Expiration Date” of the General Terms and Conditions; or 
(b) 
consider such event as an event triggering an early termination of the Warrants. In that case, the Issuer shall 
terminate its obligations under the Warrants and pay or deliver, as the case may be, to each Warrantholder, as 
soon as possible after the occurrence of the Stop-Loss Event (i)in the case of Cash Settled Warrants, an amount 
equal to the Early Termination Settlement Amount on the basis of Market Value as defined in Condition [5.5]/[5.5] 
of the General Terms and Conditions or (ii) in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants, subject to payment of the 
Exercise Price divided, if applicable, by the Parity, the Early Termination Physical Delivery Amount determined in 
accordance w ith Condition [5.5]/[5.5] of the General Terms and Conditions.

--- Page 512 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Share Linked Warrants and Depositary Receipts Linked Warrants  
 
512 
 
For information purposes, it is understood that in all cases described herein w here a Share or a Depositary Receipt is substituted, on 
any date "t", w ith a Substitute Share or Substitute Depositary Receipt, the value of the relevant component in the formula used to 
determine the amount to be paid as described in the applicable Final Terms, shall not be affected by the substitution on such date "t" 
in respect of the Substitute Share or Substitute Depositary Receipt and w ould mean that the closing price of such Substitute Share 
or Substitute Depositary Receipt on the relevant Exchange on the date "t" is w eighted by an appropriate linking coefficient s o that it 
is equal to the closing price of the Affected Share or the Affected Depositary Receipt on such date "t". 
3.1.4 
Correction of the Closing Price 
In the event that any price or level of a Share or a Depositary Receipt published on the Exchange w hich is used for any calculation or 
determination made under the Warrants is subsequently corrected and the correction is published and made available to the public 
by the Exchange after the original publication but no later than four Business Days prior to the Expiration Date (or any payment date(s) 
determined in the applicable Final Terms), the Calculation Agent w ill determine the amount that is payable as a result of that correction, 
and, to the extent necessary, w ill adjust the terms of the Warrants to account for such correction, provided however that, all references 
to the w ord "four" above may be deemed to be a reference to another time limit as determined by the Calculation Agent pursuant to 
rules applicable to the relevant Clearing System. 
3.2 
Change in Law, Hedging Disruption, Holding Limit Event, Increased Cost of Hedging and Insolvency Filing and 
consequences – China Connect Share Disqualification, China Connect Service Termination and consequences 
3.2.1 
Change in Law, Hedging Disruption, Holding Limit Event, Increased Cost of Hedging and Insolvency Filing and 
consequences 
Change in Law, Hedging Disruption, Holding Limit Event, Increased Cost of Hedging, and Insolvency Filing have the meanings 
given to them in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants. 
In case of the occurrence of a Change in Law , a Hedging Disruption, Holding Limit Event, Increased Cost of Hedging or an Insolvency 
Filing relating to a Share or a Depositary Receipt (the Affected Underlying), the Calculation Agent may apply the adjustments as 
specified in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants. 
3.2.2 
China Connect Share Disqualification and China Connect Service Termination and consequences 
In respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services, the follow ing paragraphs apply: 
China Connect Share Disqualification means, on or after the Issue Date, the Shares cease to be accepted as "China Connect 
Securities" (as defined in the rules of the exchange of SEHK) for the purpose of the China Connect Service; 
China Connect Service Termination means, on or after the Issue Date, the announcement by one or more of the Exchange, SEHK, 
the CSDCC, HKSCC or any regulatory authority w ith competent jurisdiction of a suspension or termination of the China Connect 
Service or a part thereof for any reason w hich materially affects the routing of orders in respect of, or holding of, the Shares through 
the China Connect Service and the Calculation Agent determines that there is a reasonable likelihood that such suspension or 
termination is not, or w ill not be, temporary, 
then upon the occurrence of such events, the Calculation Agent may elect, w hile China Connect Share Disqualification or China 
Connect Service Termination is continuing, to terminate the transaction(s), upon at least tw o Scheduled Trading Days' notice 
specifying the date of such termination, in w hich event the Calculation Agent w ill apply the Early Termination.

--- Page 513 ---
Additional Terms And Conditions for Index Linked Warrants 
 
513 
 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED WARRANTS 
The provisions of these Additional Terms and Conditions for Index Linked Warrants apply if the applicable Final Terms specify  that 
the clause "Type of Structured Warrants" is stated as being "Index Linked Warrants". 
1. 
GENERAL DEFINITIONS 
Applicable Hedge Positions has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants. 
Averaging Date has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants 
Basket has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants. 
Closing Price means, in respect of an Index, the official closing level of the Index published and announced by the Index Sponsor, 
as adjusted (if applicable) pursuant to the provisions of Condition 3 below , provided that if (a) for any day, the option "Daily Settlement 
Price" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms and (b) that day falls on the last day of quotation of the principal 
futures contract on the Index maturing in the month of such day, then the Closing Price means, for that day, the official settlement 
price of the principal futures contract on the Index on such day. 
Disrupted Day has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants. 
ETF Share means, in respect of any ETF, a share or unit of such ETF. 
ETF Service Provider means, in respect of any ETF, any person w ho is appointed to provide services, directly or indirectly, for that 
ETF, w hether or not specified in the ETF Documents, including any fund investment adviser, fund administrator, manager, any person 
appointed in the role of discretionary investment manager or non-discretionary investment adviser (including a non-discretionary 
investment adviser to a discretionary manager or another non-discretionary investment adviser) for such ETF (the ETF Adviser), 
trustee or similar person w ith the primary administrative responsibilities for such ETF, operator, management company, depository, 
custodian, sub-custodian, prime broker, registrar and transfer agent or domiciliary agent. 
Exchange(s) has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants. 
Exchange Business Day has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants. 
FRTB Event means in respect of any Fund Unit or ETF Share that, from 1 January 2023, the related Fund, the relevant Fund Service 
Provider, the related ETF or the relevant ETF Service Provider, as the case may be (a) does not make publicly available on a voluntary 
basis or as the case may be, as required by applicable law s and regulations, the FRTB Information and (b) in breach of a bilateral 
agreement w ith Societe Generale, if any, does not provide Societe Generale w ith the FRTB Information and as a consequence, 
Societe Generale or any of its affiliates w ould incur materially increased (as compared w ith circumstances existing on the issue date 
of the Warrants) capital requirements pursuant to the Fundamental Review  of the trading Book as implemented into French law , in 
holding the Fund Unit or ETF Share, as the case may be. 
FRTB Information means sufficient information, including relevant risk sensitivities data, in a processable format to enable Societe 
Generale, as a holder of the Fund Unit or ETF Share, as the case may be, to calculate its market risk in relation thereto as if it w ere 
holding directly the assets of the Fund or ETF, as the case may be; "processable format" means that the format of such information 
can be readily used by Societe Generale by using the existing functionality of a softw are or application commonly used by financial 
institutions to compute its market risk as described above. 
Fund means any mutual fund, investment company or other pooled investment vehicle that issues Fund Units (excluding ETF). 
Fund Service Provider means, in respect of any Fund, any person w ho is appointed to provide services, directly or indirectly, for that 
Fund, w hether or not specified in the Fund Documents, including any fund investment adviser, fund administrator, manager, any  
person appointed in the role of discretionary investment manager or non-discretionary investment adviser (including a 
non-discretionary investment adviser to a discretionary investment manager or another nondiscretionary investment adviser) for such

--- Page 514 ---
Additional Terms And Conditions for Index Linked Warrants 
 
514 
 
Fund (the Fund Adviser), trustee or similar person w ith the primary administrative responsibilities for such Fund, operator, 
management company, depository, custodian, sub-custodian, prime broker, registrar and transfer agent or domiciliary agent. 
Hedge Positions has the meaning given to it in the General Terms and Conditions. 
Hypothetical Investor has the meaning given to it in the General Terms and Conditions. 
Index means the index (or the indices in case of a Basket) specified as Underlying in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjus tment 
pursuant to the provisions of Condition 3 below . 
Index Calculation Agent means, the entity in charge of calculating and publishing the Index, if different from the Index Sponsor. 
Index Sponsor means the corporation or other entity (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that: (a) is responsible for setting 
and review ing the rules and procedures and the methods of calculation and adjustments, if any, related to the relevant Index; and/or 
(b) announces (directly or through an Index Calculation Agent) the level of the relevant Index on a regular basis. 
Intraday Price means, in respect of an Index, the level of such Index on the relevant Exchange at any time during a trading session 
on an Exchange Business Day including the Closing Price. 
Local Jurisdiction has the meaning given to it in the General Terms and Conditions. 
Local Taxes has the meaning given to it in the General Terms and Conditions. 
Market Disruption Event has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants. 
Opening Price means: 
(i) 
in respect of the FTSE MIB index, the value of the index calculated on the Opening Auction Prices (as defined under the 
Rules of the markets organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A.) recorded on a given day, provided that such day is 
a trading day on the Borsa Italiana S.p.A. of the financial instruments making up the Index, having the meaning ascribed 
thereto in the rules of the markets organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A., as such Rules must be amended by 
Borsa Italiana S.p.A. from time to time, and calculated follow ing the rules of the markets organised and managed by Borsa 
Italiana S.p.A., as such rules must be amended by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. from time to time; 
(ii) 
in respect of any other index, the official opening level of such index published and announced by the Index Sponsor, as 
adjusted (if applicable) pursuant to the provisions of Condition 3 below . 
If, during the Valuation Date, the Opening Price of the Index cannot be determined for any reason w hatsoever, the Calculation Agent 
shall determine the level of the Index on that Valuation Date in accordance w ith the formula for, and method of, calculating that Index 
last in effect prior to the occurrence of the event that prevents the determination of the Opening Price of the Index and taking into 
account any other objective element that may be available. 
Related Exchange(s) has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants. 
Relevant Jurisdiction has the meaning given to it in the General Terms and Conditions. 
Scheduled Closing Time has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants. 
Scheduled Trading Day has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants. 
Tax Residence Jurisdiction has the meaning given to it in the General Terms and Conditions. 
Valuation Date has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants. 
Valuation Time has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants.

--- Page 515 ---
Additional Terms And Conditions for Index Linked Warrants 
 
515 
 
2. 
CONSEQUENCES OF DISRUPTED DAYS 
The consequences of Disrupted Days are set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants. 
3. 
ADJUSTMENTS AND EVENTS – CHANGE IN LAW, HEDGING DISRUPTION, HOLDING LIMIT EVENT, INCREAS E D 
COST OF HEDGING AND CONSEQUENCES 
3.1 
Adjustments and Events 
3.1.1 
Adjustments 
A. 
If an Index is: 
(a) 
not calculated and announced by the relevant Index Sponsor or the Index Calculation Agent as the case may be, 
but is calculated and announced by a relevant successor sponsor (the Successor Index Sponsor) or a successor 
calculation agent (the Successor Index Calculation Agent) acceptable to the Calculation Agent; or 
(b) 
replaced by a successor index (the Successor Index) using, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the 
same or a substantially similar formula for, and method of, calculation as used in the calculation of that Index; 
then the Index w ill be deemed to be the index so calculated and announced by the relevant Successor Index Sponsor or 
Successor Index Calculation Agent or that Successor Index (as the case may be). 
B. 
If, in the determination of the Calculation Agent: 
(a) 
on or prior to a Valuation Date or an Averaging Date, the relevant Index Sponsor (or if applicable the Successor 
Index Sponsor) makes a material change in the formula for, or the method of calculating, that Index or in any other 
w ay materially modifies that Index (other than a modification prescribed in that formula or method to maintain that 
Index in the event of changes in constituent securities and capitalisation and other routine events (an Index 
Modification). For the avoidance of doubt, the follow ing events do not constitute "routine events" : a sub-division 
(split) of the level of the Index or a consolidation (reverse split) of the level of the Index, or any other event linked 
to either the performance or the level of the Index); 
(b) 
on or prior to any Valuation Date or Averaging Date, the relevant Index Sponsor (or, if applicable, the relevant 
Successor Index Sponsor) or the Index Calculation Agent (or the Successor Index Calculation Agent) as the case 
may be, fails to calculate and publish the level of the Index and such failure is likely to have a material impact on 
the hedge of Societe Generale or one of its affiliates in connection w ith the Warrants (an Index Disruption); 
(c) 
the Index Sponsor (or, if applicable, the Successor Index Sponsor) permanently cancels the Index and no 
Successor Index exists (an Index Cancellation and together w ith an Index Modification and an Index Disruption, 
each an Index Adjustment Event); or 
(d) 
for an Index w hich comprises any Fund Unit or ETF Share, an FRTB Event has occurred; 
then the Calculation Agent shall either: 
(x) 
calculate the relevant formula used to determine an amount to be paid or w hether a condition has occurred, if any, 
as described in the applicable Final Terms using, in lieu of a published level for the Index, the level of that Index as 
at the Valuation Time on the relevant Valuation Date or Averaging Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance w ith the formula for and method of calculating that Index last in effect prior to that Index Adjustment 
Event, but using only those securities that comprised that Index immediately prior to that Index Adjustment Event 
(other than those securities that have since ceased to be listed on any relevant Exchange); 
(y) 
replace the Index by a new  index provided that such index is (a) representative of the same economic or geographic 
sector (as the case may be), and (b) to the extent possible, representative of shares listed on one or more 
Exchanges of one or more OECD countries; or

--- Page 516 ---
Additional Terms And Conditions for Index Linked Warrants 
 
516 
 
(z) 
only in case of FRTB Event, substitute the Index w ith a Substitute Index (an Index Substitution Event), w here 
Substitute Index means an Index determined by the Calculation Agent as being similar to the benchmark of the 
affected Index or, in the absence of benchmark for the affected Index, as having an investment strategy similar to  
the investment strategy of the affected Index. 
If the Calculation Agent has not retained (x) or (z) and if in (y) no index meeting the criteria (a) and (b) can be selected by 
the Calculation Agent, then the Calculation Agent may either: 
(i) 
apply Monetisation until the Expiration Date as defined in Condition [5.8]/[5.8] of the General Terms and Conditions; 
or 
(ii) 
consider such event as an event triggering an early termination of the Warrants (hereafter an Early Termination 
Event). Where an Early Termination Event occurs, the Issuer shall terminate its obligations under the Warrants and 
pay or deliver, as the case may be, as soon as possible after the occurrence of the Early Termination Event, (i) in 
the case of Cash Settled Warrants, an amount equal to the Early Termination Settlement Amount on the basis of 
Market Value as defined in Condition [5.5]/[5.5] of the General Terms and Conditions or (ii) in the case of Physical 
Delivery Warrants, subject to payment of the Exercise Price divided, if applicable, by the Parity, the Early 
Termination Physical Delivery Amount determined in accordance w ith Condition [5.5]/[5.5] of the General Terms 
and Conditions. 
3.1.2 
Stop-Loss Event 
Unless “Stop-Loss Event” is specified as “Not applicable” in the applicable Final Terms, if on an Exchange Business Day after the 
initial Valuation Date (excluded) and before the last Valuation Date (included), the Closing Price of an Index is affected by  a decrease 
of 80 per cent. or more of its Closing Price on the initial Valuation Date (the Affected Index and the event, the Stop-Loss Event), 
then: 
A. 
the Calculation Agent may decide to substitute the Affected Index by a new  index representative of the same economic or 
geographic sector (as the case may be), and to the extent possible, representative of shares listed on one or more Exchanges 
of one or more OECD countries (the Substitute Index) and w ill adjust any relevant terms of the Warrants accordingly; or 
B. 
the Calculation Agent may decide to continue w ith the Affected Index; or 
C. 
if the Calculation Agent has neither retained any Substitute Index nor decided to continue w ith the Affected Index, the 
Calculation Agent may either: 
(a) 
apply Monetisation until the Expiration Date as defined in Condition [5.8]/[5.8] of the General Terms and Conditions; 
or 
(b) 
consider such event as an event triggering an early termination of the Warrants (hereafter an Early Termination 
Event). Where an Early Termination Event occurs, the Issuer shall terminate its obligations under the Warrants and 
pay or deliver, as the case may be, as soon as possible after the occurrence of the Early Termination Event, (i) in 
the case of Cash Settled Warrants, an amount equal to the Early Termination Settlement Amount on the basis of 
Market Value as defined in Condition [5.5]/[5.5] of the General Terms and Conditions or (ii) in the case of Physical 
Delivery Warrants, subject to payment of the Exercise Price divided, if applicable, by the Parity, the Early 
Termination Physical Delivery Amount determined in accordance w ith Condition [5.5]/[5.5] of the General Terms 
and Conditions. 
3.1.3 
Correction of the Closing Price 
In the event that any price or level published on the Exchange or by the Index Sponsor and w hich is used for any calculation or 
determination made under the Warrants is subsequently corrected and the correction is published and made available to the public 
by the Exchange or the Index Sponsor after the original publication but no later than four Business Days prior to the Expiration Date 
(or any payment date(s) determined in the applicable Final Terms), the Calculation Agent w ill determine the amount that is payable 
as a result of that correction, and, to the extent necessary, w ill adjust the terms of the Warrants to account for such correction, provided

--- Page 517 ---
Additional Terms And Conditions for Index Linked Warrants 
 
517 
 
how ever that, all references to the w ord "four" above may be deemed to be a reference to another time limit as determined by the 
Calculation Agent pursuant to rules applicable to the relevant Clearing System. 
3.2 
Change in Law, Hedging Disruption, Holding Limit Event, Increased Cost of Hedging and consequences 
Change in Law, Hedging Disruption, Holding Limit Event and Increased Cost of Hedging have the meanings given to them in 
the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants. 
In case of the occurrence of Change in Law , Hedging Disruption, Holding Limit Event or Increased Cost of Hedging relating to an 
Index (the Affected Underlying), the Calculation Agent may apply the adjustments as specified in the Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Structured Warrants.

--- Page 518 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for SGI Index Linked Warrants 
 
518 
 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SGI INDEX LINKED WARRANTS 
The provisions of these Additional Terms and Conditions for Index Linked Warrants apply if the applicable Final Terms specify that 
"Type of Structured Warrants" is "SGI Index Linked Warrants". 
1. 
GENERAL DEFINITIONS 
Advised SGI Index means an SGI Index for w hich the Index Rules indicate an Index Advisor, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Averaging Date means, in respect of a Valuation Date and an SGI Index, each date so specified in the applicable Final Terms for 
the purpose of determining an average (or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next follow ing Scheduled Trading Day) 
unless such day is a Disrupted Day, in w hich case it shall be postponed pursuant to the provisions of Condition 2 below . 
Barrier Date means a date w ith respect to w hich the Calculation Agent determines w hether a Barrier Level is reached or any other 
condition has occurred by reference to the level of an SGI Index w hich Index Rules specify that their only Basket Component “type” 
is “Physical Commodity” and/or “Commodity Contract”, and w hich includes each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
(or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next follow ing Scheduled Trading Day). If a date is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as both a Barrier Date and a Valuation Date, it w ill be considered as a Valuation Date. Unless otherw ise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, if a Barrier Date falls on a date w hich is not a Scheduled Trading Day in respect of all SGI Indices w hich Index 
Rules specify that their only Basket Component “type” is “Physical Commodity” and/or “Commodity Contract”, it shall be postponed 
to the next follow ing day w hich is a Scheduled Trading Day w ith respect to all such SGI Indices. 
Barrier Level means (i) the level, if any, specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or w here none is so specified (ii) the “Knock-In 
Threshold” if any, designated in the applicable Final Terms, or w here no such level or threshold is designated (iii) the level at w hich 
an American Knock-In Event is deemed to have occurred in accordance w ith the applicable Final Terms. 
Basket has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants. 
Basket Component means, unless otherw ise provided in the relevant Index Rules, any Index Component other than an Underlying 
SGI Index and Market Data. 
Closing Price means the official closing level of the SGI Index published by the Index Calculation Agent on the relevant Valuation 
Date, subject to the Index Rules. 
Commodity Instrument means (i) an article of trade or commerce such as aluminium, barley, canola, coal, cocoa, coffee, copper, 
corn, cotton, crude oil, diesel fuel, electricity, fuel oil, gas oil, gasoline, gold, heating oil, iron, jet fuel, lead, livestock, lumber, milk, 
natural gas, nickel, oats, orange juice, palladium, palm oil, platinum, rapeseed, rice, rubber, silver, soybeans, steel, sugar, tin, w heat, 
and zinc, and more generally any commodity (the “Physical Commodity”), (ii) a future, an option, or any other contract traded on a 
regulated or organised market w ith a Physical Commodity as the ultimate underlying (a “Commodity Contract”), (iii) a Fund Unit or 
an ETF Share w ith a Physical Commodity as the ultimate underlying, or (iv) an Underlying Index on the aforementioned, or any other 
similar instrument specified in the Index Rules. 
Commodity Instrument Disruption Event means, w ith respect to a Commodity Instrument, any event that, in the reasonable opinion 
of the Calculation Agent, disrupts or impairs the determination of the price or level of such Commodity Instrument for a Valuation 
Date, and includes, w ithout limitation, (a) the failure by the relevant Exchange or price source to make public the relevant price for a 
Valuation Date, or the temporary or permanent discontinuance or unavailability of the price source, or (b) the material suspension of 
trading or the material limitation imposed on trading (w hether by reason of movements in price reaching the limits established by the 
relevant Exchange w ithin w hich the price of the relevant futures contract may fluctuate or otherw ise) in the relevant Commodity 
Instrument on the relevant Exchange, or (c) the non-opening of trading in a relevant Commodity Instrument on the relevant Exchange 
on a day on w hich such Exchange is scheduled to be open for trading provided that all trading in the Commodity Instrument is closed 
for the entire regular trading session on such Exchange on such day, or (d) w ith respect to a Commodity Instrument w hich is an 
Underlying Index, the failure by the relevant index sponsor or, as the case may be, index calculation agent, to determine or make 
public the closing level of that Underlying Index.

--- Page 519 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for SGI Index Linked Warrants 
 
519 
 
The occurrence or existence of any such event on a Barrier Date (w hich is not also a Valuation Date) w ill not constitute a Commodity 
Instrument Disruption Event w ith respect to such Barrier Date. Accordingly, such Barrier Date w ill not be postponed pursuant to 
Condition 2 below . 
Debt Instrument means (i) a bond (including a structured bond), a note (including an Euro Medium Term Note), and more generally 
any other debt instrument representing a debt of an issuer, or (ii) any Underlying Index on the aforementioned or (iii) any other similar 
instrument specified in the Index Rules. 
Debt Instrument Disruption Event means the occurrence of any of the follow ing events: (a) the non-publication of the closing levels 
or market value of the relevant Debt Instrument, (b) the suspension or limitation imposed on trading on the over-the-counter, organised 
or regulated market(s) on w hich the relevant Debt Instrument is traded, (c) any event that disrupts or impairs the ability of market 
participants in general to effect transactions in, comply w ith clearing obligations in respect of, or obtain market values for, the Debt 
Instrument on the over-the-counter, organised or regulated market(s) on w hich the relevant Debt Instrument is traded, (d) the 
unforeseen early closure of the organised or regulated market(s) on w hich the relevant Debt Instrument is traded, (e) events equivalent 
to (c) and (d) but affecting the trading on a Related Exchange of futures, options contracts or other derivatives relating to such Deb t 
Instrument, or (f) if the Debt Instrument is an Underlying Index, the non-publication of such Underlying Index, the announcement of a 
disruption event by the index sponsor or the index calculation agent for such Underlying Index, or any of the foregoing events (a) 
through (e) affecting such Underlying Index and/or in respect of one or more components of such Underlying Index. 
Derivatives and Other Instrument means (i) a w arrant, an over-the-counter sw ap, a future, an option, an OTC Option or any other 
contract traded on a regulated or organised market w hich is not a Commodity Instrument, or (ii) an Underlying Index on the 
aforementioned or any other similar instrument specified in the Index Rules. 
Derivatives and Other Instrument Disruption Event means the occurrence of any of the follow ing events: (a) the non-publication 
of the closing levels or market value of the relevant Derivatives and Other Instrument, (b) the suspension or limitation imposed on 
trading on the over-the-counter, organised or regulated market(s) on w hich the relevant Derivatives and Other Instrument is traded, 
(c) any event that disrupts or impairs the ability of market participants in general to effect transactions in, comply w ith clearing 
obligations in respect of, or obtain market values for, the Derivatives and Other Instrument on the over-the-counter, organised or 
regulated market(s) on w hich the relevant Derivatives and Other Instrument is traded, (d) the unforeseen early closure of the organised 
or regulated market(s) on w hich the relevant Derivatives and Other Instrument is traded, (e) events equivalent to (c) and (d)  but 
affecting the trading on a Related Exchange of futures, options, contracts or other derivatives relating to such Derivatives and Other 
Instrument, or (f) if the Derivatives and Other Instrument is an Underlying Index, the non-publication of such Underlying Index, the 
announcement of a disruption event by the index sponsor or the index calculation agent for such Underlying Index, or any of the 
foregoing events (a) through (e) affecting such index and/or in respect of one or more components of such Underlying Index. 
Disrupted Day has the meaning set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants 
Equity Instrument means (i) a Share, a Fund Unit or an ETF Share, w hich, in each case, is not a Commodity Instrument or (ii) an 
Underlying Index on the aforementioned or (iii) any other similar instrument specified in the Index Rules. 
Equity Instrument Disruption Event means: 
 
in respect of an Equity Instrument that is a Share or an ETF Share or an Underlying Index on the aforementioned or any 
other similar instrument specified in the Index Rules, the occurrence or existence of (a) a Trading Disruption, (b) an Exchange 
Disruption w hich, in either case, the Calculation Agent determines is material, (C) an Early Closure occurring at any time 
during the one hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time or (d) in the case of an Underlying Index, any of the 
foregoing events in respect of one or more of its components, the non-publication of such Underlying Index or the 
announcement of a disruption event by the index sponsor or index calculation agent thereof. For the purpose hereof: 
A. 
Trading Disruption means any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the relevant Exchange or Related 
Exchange or otherw ise and w hether by reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange 
or Related Exchange or otherw ise relating to (a) Shares, ETF Shares, one or more Underlying Indices or securities or 
instruments underlying any Underlying Index on the relevant Exchange(s), or (b) futures or options contracts on any  relevant 
Related Exchange relating to Shares, ETF Shares, one or more Underlying Indices or any components underlying any 
Underlying Index;

--- Page 520 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for SGI Index Linked Warrants 
 
520 
 
B. 
Exchange Disruption means any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the  
Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for (a) Shares, 
ETF Shares, one or more Underlying Indices or securities or instruments underlying any Underlying Index on the relevant 
Exchange(s) or (b) futures or options contracts on any relevant Related Exchange, relating to Shares, ETF Shares, one or 
more Underlying Indices or any component(s) underlying any Underlying Index; and 
C. 
Early Closure means the closure on any Scheduled Trading Day of: 
(a) 
any relevant Exchange(s) relating to Shares, ETF Shares, one or more Underlying Indices or any securities or 
instruments underlying any Underlying Index; or 
(b) 
any Related Exchange for futures or options contracts relating to Shares, ETF Shares, one or more Underlying 
Indices or any component(s) underlying any Underlying Index, 
prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing is announced by such Exchange or Related Exchange (as 
the case may be) at least one hour prior to the earlier of (x) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such 
Exchange or Related Exchange (as the case may be) on such Scheduled Trading Day and (y) the submission deadline for 
orders to be entered into the Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the relevant Valuation Time on such 
Scheduled Trading Day; and 
 
in respect of an Equity Instrument that is a Fund Unit or an Underlying Index composed of Funds or any other similar 
instrument specified in the Index Rules, the occurrence or the likely occurrence, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of 
(a) Calculation and/or Publication Disruption, (b) Fund Settlement Disruption, (c) NAV Determination Disruption Event or (d) 
in the case of an Underlying Index, any of the foregoing events in respect of one or more of its components, the 
non-publication of such Underlying Index or the announcement of a disruption event by the index sponsor or index calculation 
agent thereof. For the purpose hereof: 
A. 
Calculation and/or Publication Disruption means the occurrence of an event, beyond the control of a Hypothetical Investor 
(including any gate, deferral, suspension or other provisions in the Fund Documents permitting the Fund to delay or refuse 
subscription and/or redemption orders) w hich precludes the calculation and/or publication of the official net asset value per 
Fund Unit by the Fund (or by the Fund Service Provider generally in charge of calculating such official net asset value); 
B. 
Fund Settlement Disruption means a failure by the Fund to pay in cash the full amount of the redemption proceeds on the 
date by w hich the Fund w as scheduled to have paid such amount and w hich, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, 
makes it impossible or impracticable for the Index Calculation Agent to determine the net asset value of such Fund (and, as 
applicable, the level of the Underlying Index), including w ithout limitation due to (a) the transfer of all illiquid assets of such 
Fund to a dedicated fund, account or structure pending the liquidation of such assets for the benefit of existing holders of the 
Fund Units (side pocket), (b) the restriction on the amount or number of redemptions orders that the Fund (or the Fund 
Service Provider generally in charge of accepting redemption orders) w ill accept in relation to a single date on w hich the 
Fund normally accepts redemption orders (a gate), (c) the suspension for any reason of the subscription or redemption 
orders by the Fund (or the Fund Service Provider generally in charge of accepting subscription and redemption orders), or 
(d) the postponement of the payment of the balance of redemption proceeds to a date occurring after the financial statements 
of the Fund have been review ed by the Fund's statutory auditors (holdback), in each case w hether these events are imposed 
by the Fund w ithout being envisaged in the Fund Documents on the Issue Date of the Warrants or are already envisaged by 
the Fund Documents on the Issue Date of the Warrants and are w holly implemented by the Fund after such date; and 
C. 
NAV Determination Disruption Event means the occurrence of any event (beyond the control of a Hypothetical Investor) 
other than the events mentioned in "Calculation and/or Publication Disruption" in paragraph A above or "Fund Settlement 
Disruption" in paragraph B above affecting such Fund w hich, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, makes it 
impossible or impracticable for the Index Calculation Agent to determine the net asset value of such Fund (and, as applicable, 
the level of the Underlying Index). 
ETF means a fund that issues ETF Shares traded on an Exchange. 
ETF Service Provider means, in respect of any ETF, any person w ho is appointed to provide services, directly or indirectly, for that 
ETF, w hether or not specified in the ETF Documents, including any fund investment adviser, fund administrator, manager, any person

--- Page 521 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for SGI Index Linked Warrants 
 
521 
 
appointed in the role of discretionary investment manager or non-discretionary investment adviser (including a non-discretionary 
investment adviser to a discretionary manager or another non-discretionary investment adviser) for such ETF (the ETF Adviser), 
trustee or similar person w ith the primary administrative responsibilities for such ETF, operator, management company, depository, 
custodian, sub-custodian, prime broker, registrar and transfer agent or domiciliary agent. 
ETF Share means, in respect of any ETF, a share or unit of such ETF. 
Exchange means the principal exchange, trading market or quotation system on w hich, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, 
the relevant Index Components (including, as applicable, any securities, indices or other instruments underlying such Index 
Components) are traded, or any successor or substitute exchange, trading market or quotation system. 
Exchange Business Day means, in respect of an SGI Index (or, in the case of a Basket of SGI Indices, each SGI Index observed 
separately), any Scheduled Trading Day on w hich the Index Calculation Agent publishes the Closing Price. 
FRTB Event means in respect of any Fund Unit or ETF Share that, from 1 January 2023, the related Fund, the relevant Fund Service 
Provider, the related ETF or the relevant ETF Service Provider, as the case may be (a) does not make publicly available on a voluntary 
basis or as the case may be, as required by applicable law s and regulations, the FRTB Information and (b) in breach of a bilateral 
agreement w ith Societe Generale, if any, does not provide Societe Generale w ith the FRTB Information and as a consequence, 
Societe Generale or any of its affiliates w ould incur materially increased (as compared w ith circumstances existing on the is sue date 
of the Warrants) capital requirements pursuant to the Fundamental Review  of the trading Book as implemented into French law , in 
holding the Fund Unit or ETF Share, as the case may be. 
FRTB Information means sufficient information, including relevant risk sensitivities data, in a processable format to enable Societe 
Generale, as a holder of the Fund Unit or ETF Share, as the case may be, to calculate its market risk in relation thereto as if it w ere 
holding directly the assets of the Fund or ETF, as the case may be; "processable format" means that the format of such information 
can be readily used by Societe Generale by using the existing functionality of a softw are or application commonly used by financial 
institutions to compute its market risk as described above. 
Fund means any mutual fund, investment company or other pooled investment vehicle that issues Fund Units (excluding ETF). 
Fund Documents means, in respect of any Fund (including any Fund w hich is a component of an Underlying Index), the constitutive 
and governing documents, subscription agreements and other agreements of the Fund specifying the terms and conditions relating 
to such Fund. 
Fund Service Provider means, in respect of any Fund, any person w ho is appointed to provide services, directly or indirectly, for that 
Fund, w hether or not specified in the Fund Documents, including any fund investment adviser, fund administrator, manager, any 
person appointed in the role of discretionary investment manager or non-discretionary investment adviser (including a 
non-discretionary investment adviser to a discretionary investment manager or another non-discretionary investment adviser) for such 
Fund (the Fund Adviser), trustee or similar person w ith the primary administrative responsibilities for such Fund, operator, 
management company, depository, custodian, sub-custodian, prime broker, registrar and transfer agent or domiciliary agent. 
Fund Unit or Unit means, in respect of any Fund, any share or unit of such Fund. 
Hedge Position has the meaning given to it in the General Terms and Conditions. 
Holding Limit Event has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants. 
Hypothetical Investor has the meaning given to it in the General Terms and Conditions. 
Index Advisor means the index advisor, if any referred to in the Index Rules, w ho, subject to such Index Rules, may advise in respect 
of parameters, composition, modifications, and/or rebalancing of the relevant SGI Index. 
Index Advisor Extraordinary Event means, in the case of any Advised SGI Index (1) the Index Advisor fails to maintain any 
authorisation, consent, licence, or registration required under any law , rule or regulation applicable to it and w hich is relevant to the 
performance of its functions w ith respect to the SGI Index, (2) the Index Advisor ceases any of its material operations, transfers all or 
substantially all of its assets or is subject to a voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or w inding-up, (3) the Index Advisor (a)

--- Page 522 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for SGI Index Linked Warrants 
 
522 
 
becomes insolvent or bankrupt, (b) enters into an arrangement w ith or for the benefit of its creditors, (c) institutes or has instituted 
against it, by a regulator, supervisor or other similar official, a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy  or other 
similar relief, or (d) becomes subject to the exercise of pow ers by a secured creditor, (4) the Index Advisor, in the commercially 
reasonable discretion of the Index Sponsor exercised in good faith, becomes unable to perform its functions w ith respect to the SGI 
Index, or (5) the agreement betw een the Index Sponsor and the Index Advisor governing the Index Advisor’s obligations and duties 
in relation to the SGI Index is terminated for any reason. 
Index Calculation Agent means the index calculation agent named in the relevant Index Rules, in charge of calculating and 
publishing the level of the SGI Index. 
Index Component means, for the purpose of the Warrants (i) an Equity Instrument, (ii) a Commodity Instrument, (iii) a Debt 
Instrument, (iv) a Derivatives and Other Instrument, (v) Market Data, and/or (vi) an Underlying SGI Index, or any combination thereof 
as specified in the Index Rules. Index Component(s) may be modified from time to time as provided in the relevant Index Rules . 
Index Component Event means the occurrence of any of the follow ing events: 
A. 
for an SGI Index in respect of w hich the Index Components comprise, w ithout limitation, one or more Equity Instruments: the 
occurrence of an Equity Instrument Disruption Event in respect of one or more of these Equity Instruments; 
B. 
for an SGI Index in respect of w hich the Index Components comprise, w ithout limitation, one or more Commodity Instruments: 
the occurrence of a Commodity Instrument Disruption Event in respect of one or more of these Commodity Instruments; 
C. 
for an SGI Index in respect of w hich the Index Components comprise, w ithout limitation, one or more Debt Instruments: the 
occurrence of a Debt Instrument Disruption Event in respect of one or more of these Debt Instruments; 
D. 
for an SGI Index in respect of w hich the Index Components comprise, w ithout limitation, one or more Derivatives and Other 
Instruments: the occurrence of a Derivatives and Other Instrument Disruption Event in respect of one or more of these 
Derivatives and Other Instruments; 
E. 
for an SGI Index in respect of w hich the Index Components comprise, w ithout limitation, one or more Underlying Indices 
and: 
(a) 
if the Underlying Index is an Equity Instrument or comprises, w ithout limitation, one or more Equity Instruments: the 
occurrence of an Equity Instrument Disruption Event in respect of such Underlying Index or one or more of these 
Equity Instruments; and 
(b) 
if the Underlying Index is a Commodity Instrument or comprises, w ithout limitation, one or more Commodity 
Instruments: the occurrence of a Commodity Instrument Disruption Event in respect of such Underlying Index or 
one or more of these Commodity Instruments; and 
(c) 
if the Underlying Index is a Debt Instrument or comprises, w ithout limitation, one or more Debt Instruments: the 
occurrence of a Debt Instrument Disruption Event in respect of such Underlying Index or one or more of these Debt 
Instruments; and 
(d) 
if the Underlying Index is a Derivative and other Instrument or comprises, w ithout limitation, one or more Derivatives 
and Other Instrument: the occurrence of a Derivatives and Other Instrument Disruption Event in respect of such 
Underlying Index or one or more of these Derivatives and Other Instrument; 
F. 
for an SGI Index in respect of w hich the Index Components comprise, w ithout limitation, Market Data: the occurrence of a 
Market Data Disruption Event in respect of such Market Data; 
G. 
for an SGI Index in respect of w hich the Index Components comprise, w ithout limitation, one or more Underlying SGI Indices: 
the occurrence of an Underlying SGI Index Disruption Event in respect of one or more of these Underlying SGI Indices; 
H. 
in respect of any Index Component, an Index Data Disruption Event; and

--- Page 523 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for SGI Index Linked Warrants 
 
523 
 
I. 
for an SGI Index in respect of w hich the Index Components comprise, w ithout limitation, one or more Equity Instruments that 
is a Fund Unit or an Underlying Index composed of Funds, ETF Share or an Underlying Index composed of ETF or any other 
similar instrument specified in the Index Rules: the occurrence of a FRTB Event in respect of one or more of these Equity 
Instruments, even if the Closing Price of the SGI Index is published by the Index Calculation Agent on the day on w hich such 
event(s) occur(s). 
Index Data means any data (other than Market Data) concerning an Index Component reasonably required (i) by the Index Calculatio n 
Agent for the calculation of the level of the SGI Index and/or (ii) for the monitoring thereof by the Index Sponsor. 
Index Data Disruption Event means, w ith respect to an Index Component, the non- publication of the Index Data relating to such 
Index Component, normally used by the Index Calculation Agent for purposes of calculating the SGI Index. 
Index Rules means the rules of the relevant SGI Index as amended, supplemented and/or superseded from time to time, and as 
such rules may be supplemented by the SGI Global Methodology if so provided thereunder. The Index Rules applicable to the SGI 
Index, used as underlying of an Issue of Warrants, are annexed to the applicable Final Terms of such an Issue of Warrants and are 
also available to any holder of such Warrant upon w ritten request to the Index Sponsor. 
Index Sponsor means Societe Generale acting through its Societe Generale Index (SGI) business unit. 
Intraday Price means, in respect of an SGI Index, the official level of such SGI Index published by the Index Calculation Agent at 
any time during a relevant Valuation Date including the Closing Price. 
Market Data means (i) a rate (including an interest rate, a foreign exchange rate or a sw ap rate), a spread, or any other data identified  
as “Market Data” in the Index Rules or (ii) any index or similar instrument relating to the data described in the foregoing item (i) (but 
excluding in any case an Underlying Index or an Underlying SGI Index), and in the case of any similar instrument, it is identified as 
“Market Data” in the Index Rules. 
Market Data Disruption Event means w ith respect to an Index Component that is Market Data, the non-publication of the level of 
any Market Data used by the Index Calculation Agent for the purposes of calculating the SGI Index. 
Market Disruption Event has the meaning set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants. 
OTC Option means an over-the-counter (OTC) option such as, but not limited to, an OTC put option, an OTC call option, an interest 
rate cap, an interest rate floor, a receiver sw aption or a payer sw aption, or in respect of any SGI Index, any other instrument designated 
as an “OTC Option” under its Index Rules. 
Related Exchange means each exchange or quotation system w here, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, trading has a 
material effect on the overall market for futures and options relating to the relevant SGI Index or Index Components, or any successor 
or substitute exchange or quotation system. 
Scheduled Closing Time means, in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange, the scheduled w eekday closing time of such 
Exchange or Related Exchange, w ithout regard to after hours or any other trading outside of the regular trading session hours . 
Scheduled Trading Day means, in respect of an SGI Index, any day on w hich the Index Calculation Agent is scheduled to publish 
the Closing Price pursuant to the Index Rules. 
SGI Global Methodology means in respect of an SGI Index: (1) the SGI Indices Global Methodology (the initial version dated 8 June 
2010), (2) the SGI Indices Global Methodology (the updated version dated 1 January 2016), (3) the Global Index Methodology (the 
updated version dated 16 January 2017), (4) the Global Index Methodology (the updated version dated 25 November 2019) or, as 
the case may be, (5) the Global Index Methodology (the most recent version dated 20 July 2020), each of w hich describes, among 
other things, certain procedures for the calculation and maintenance of such SGI Index as w ell as important events w hich might affect 
it and the Index Components thereof, but in any case applicable to an SGI Index only w here the Index Rules for such SGI Index 
expressly refer to such methodology. For the avoidance of doubt, the term “SGI Global Methodology” may be construed to includ e 
further versions of such methodology if any is hereafter published and incorporated by reference under the relevant Index Rules. Th e 
SGI Global Methodology is available on the SGI w ebsite at the follow ing address: https://sgi.sgmarkets.com.

--- Page 524 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for SGI Index Linked Warrants 
 
524 
 
SGI Index means the Societe Generale index (or the SGI Indices in case of a Basket) specified as Underlying in the applicable Final 
Terms, subject to adjustments pursuant to the provisions of "Adjustments, Events, Monetisation until the Expiration Date, Change in 
Law, Hedging Disruption, Increased Cost of Hedging and Holding Limit Event relating to SGI Indices" below . 
SGI Market Disruption Event means the occurrence of any Index Component Event (or similar event described in the relevant Index 
Rules) w hich has a material effect on the Warrants as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Share means an ordinary share of a company. 
Similar Index means, an index w hose "main characteristics" are similar to those of the SGI Index, in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent. The "main characteristics" of an index comprise, w ithout limitation, its formula for and method of calculation, its 
strategy, its currency, the asset class and the geographical or economic sectors reflected in such index. 
Type of Return means "Excess Return", "Modified Price Return", "Net Total Return", "Price Return", "Gross Total Return", "Total 
Return – Synthetic Dividend" or "Other Return", as specified in the Index Rules, w here: 
Excess Return means, w ith reference to an SGI Index, that such SGI Index reflects: 
(i) 
the performance differential (w hether positive or negative) of its underlying portfolio relative to the money market rate, w hich 
means namely that in case of a portfolio performance in line w ith the money market rate, the SGI Index performance w ill be 
zero; or 
(ii) 
the performance of its underlying portfolio, being a net cash neutral portfolio of purchasing and / or selling positions, w hich 
means namely that in case of the absence of performance from these aggregated positions, the SGI Index performance w ill 
be zero and the SGI Index w ill not deliver the money market rate. 
Modified Price Return means, w ith reference to an SGI Index, that such SGI Index reflects the performance of a variable exposure 
(w hich can be higher or low er than 100%) to an index w here the Type of Return of such index is Price Return. 
Gross Total Return means, w ith reference to an SGI Index, that such SGI Index reflects the performance of its underlying portfolio 
including reinvestment of any dividends, interest and other income before the deduction of any tax from such dividends, interest and 
other income. 
Net Total Return means, w ith reference to an SGI Index, that such SGI Index reflects the performance of its underlying portfolio 
including reinvestment of any dividends, interest and other income after the deduction of any tax from such dividends, interest and 
other income. 
Price Return means, w ith reference to an SGI Index, that such SGI Index reflects the performance of its underlying portfolio excluding 
reinvestment of any dividends, interest and other income. 
Total Return – Synthetic Dividend means, w ith reference to an SGI Index, that such SGI Index reflects the performance of its 
underlying portfolio including reinvestment of all dividends, interest and other income after the deduction of a fixed or formula-based 
dividend from such dividends, interest and other income. 
Other Return means such other return as described in the Index Rules. 
Underlying Index means an index constituting a Basket Component included in an SGI Index. 
Underlying SGI Index means an SGI Index w hich is itself an Index Component of another SGI Index. 
Underlying SGI Index Disruption Event means w ith respect to an Index Component that is an Underlying SGI Index, the 
non-publication of the level of such Underlying SGI Index, or the occurrence of a “disruption event” (how soever defined in the index 
rules applicable to such Underlying SGI Index) as determined by Societe Generale in its capacity as sponsor or by the index c alculation 
agent of such Underlying SGI Index.

--- Page 525 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for SGI Index Linked Warrants 
 
525 
 
Valuation Date means, each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, 
the next follow ing Scheduled Trading Day), unless such day is a Disrupted Day in w hich case it shall be postponed pursuant to  
Condition 2 below . 
Valuation Time means, the time on the relevant Valuation Date at w hich the Closing Price is scheduled to be calculated by the Index 
Calculation Agent pursuant to the Index Rules. If the calculation frequency is specified as "Real Time" in the Index Rules, the Valuation 
Time shall be any time during the regular trading session in Paris (or such other place, if any, specified in the relevant Index Rules). 
2. 
CONSEQUENCES OF DISRUPTED DAYS FOR AN SGI INDEX 
The consequences of Disrupted Days are set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants. 
3. 
ADJUSTMENTS, 
EVENTS, 
MONETISATION 
UNTIL THE 
EXPIRATION 
DATE, 
CHANGE 
IN LAW, HEDGI NG 
DISRUPTION, INCREASED COST OF HEDGING, AND HOLDING LIMIT EVENT RELATING TO SGI INDICES 
3.1 
Adjustments and Events relating to SGI Indices 
3.1.1 
Adjustments 
A. 
If on any Scheduled Trading Day, an SGI Index is: 
(a) 
not published by the relevant Index Calculation Agent, but is published by a successor index calculation agent 
(the Successor Index Calculation Agent), acceptable to the Calculation Agent; or 
(b) 
advised by a successor Index Advisor appointed by the Index Sponsor follow ing an Index Advisor Extraordinary 
Event (in the case of an Advised SGI Index); or 
(c) 
replaced by a Similar Index; 
then (as the case may be) that index published by the Successor Index Calculation Agent or advised by the successor Index 
Advisor or such Similar Index w ill be deemed to be the SGI Index so calculated and announced. 
B. 
If, in the determination of the Calculation Agent: 
(a) 
on or prior to any Valuation Date, Averaging Date or Barrier Date, the relevant Index Sponsor and/or Index 
Calculation Agent announce(s) that it/they w ill make a material change in the formula for or the method of calculating 
that SGI Index or in any other w ay materially modifies that SGI Index (other than a modification prescribed in that 
formula or method to maintain that SGI Index and/or any modification reasonably incidental to such maintenance, 
in the event of changes in Index Components and other routine events) (an Index Modification); or 
(b) 
on or prior to any Valuation Date, Averaging Date or Barrier Date the Index Sponsor permanently cancels the SGI 
Index and no Similar Index exists or the agreement betw een the Index Calculation Agent and the Index Sponsor is 
terminated and such Index Calculation Agent cannot practicably be replaced (an Index Cancellation); or 
(c) 
on any Valuation Date or Averaging Date, the Index Calculation Agent fails to publish the Closing Price of the SGI 
Index other than as a result of the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event (an Index Disruption and together w ith 
an Index Modification and an Index Cancellation, each an Index Adjustment Event); or 
(d) 
for an SGI Index in respect of w hich the Index Components comprise (i) one or more Equity Instruments that is a 
Fund Unit or a ETF Share or (ii) one or more Underlying Indices composed of one or more Fund Units or ETF 
Shares or (iii) any other similar instrument specified in the Index Rules, an FRTB Event has occurred; 
then the Calculation Agent shall either: 
(i) 
calculate the relevant formula used to determine an amount to be paid or w hether a condition has occurred, if any, 
as described in the applicable Final Terms using, in lieu of a published level for the SGI Index, the level of that SGI

--- Page 526 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for SGI Index Linked Warrants 
 
526 
 
Index on the relevant Valuation Date, Averaging Date or, in respect of any event described in B(a) and (b) above, 
Barrier Date as determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance w ith the formula for and method of calculating 
that SGI Index last in effect prior to that Index Adjustment Event, but using only those Index Components that 
composed the SGI Index immediately prior to that Index Adjustment Event (other than those Index Components 
that have since then ceased to be listed on any relevant Exchange), and adjust, as the case may be, any of the 
relevant terms of the Warrants; or 
(ii) 
replace the SGI Index by a Similar Index (except for the case described in (b) above); or 
(iii) 
consider such Index Adjustment Event as an event triggering an early termination of the Warrants (hereafter an  
Early Termination Event). Where an Early Termination Event occurs, the Issuer shall terminate its obligations 
under the Warrants and pay or deliver, as the case may be, to each Warrantholder, as soon as possible after the 
occurrence of the Early Termination Event, (i) in the case Cash Settled Warrants, an amount equal to Early 
Termination Settlement Amount on the basis of Market Value as defined in Condition [5.5]/[5.5] of the General 
Terms and Conditions or (ii), in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants, subject to payment of the Exercise Price 
divided, if applicable, by the Parity, the Early Termination Physical Delivery Amount determined in accordance w ith 
Condition [5.5]/[5.5] of the General Terms and Conditions; or 
(iv) 
apply Monetisation until the Expiration Date (as defined in Condition [5.8]/[5.8] of the General Terms and 
Conditions); or 
(v) 
only in case of FRTB Event, substitute the SGI Index w ith the Substitute Index (an Index Substitution Event), 
w here Substitute Index means an Index determined by the Calculation Agent as being similar to the benchmark 
of the affected SGI Index or, in the absence of benchmark for the affected SGI Index as having an investment 
strategy similar to the investment strategy of the affected SGI Index. Follow ing the occurrence of the Index 
Substitution Event, the Warrants shall be governed by the Additional Terms and Conditions for Index Linked 
Warrants for any aspect in relation w ith the Substitute Index. 
provided that, for the avoidance of doubt: 
in the event of the occurrence or existence of an Index Disruption in respect of an SGI Index w hose only Basket Component “ty pe” is 
specified as “Physical Commodity” and/or “Commodity Contract” in the Index Rules on a Barrier Date (w hich is not also a Valuation 
Date), such Index Disruption w ill not result in the Calculation Agent taking any of the steps described in (i), (ii) and (iii) above w ith 
respect to such Barrier Date. Instead, such date w ill no longer be considered a Barrier Date, and accordingly the Calculation Agent 
w ill not determine w hether a Barrier Level is reached, or any other condition has occurred, for such date w ith respect to the SGI Index 
affected by the Index Disruption. 
3.1.2 
Stop-Loss Event relating to an SGI Index 
If, on any Exchange Business Day after the initial Valuation Date (excluded) and before the last Valuation Date (included), the Closing 
Price of an SGI Index is affected by a decrease of 80 per cent. or more of its Closing Price on the initial Valuation Date (the Affected 
SGI Index and the event, the Stop-Loss Event), then the Calculation Agent may decide to: 
A. 
substitute the Affected SGI Index by a Similar Index and w ill adjust any relevant terms of the Warrants accordingly; or  
B. 
continue w ith the Affected SGI Index; or 
C. 
consider such Index Adjustment Event as an event triggering an early termination of the Warrants (hereafter an Early 
Termination Event). Where an Early Termination Event occurs, the Issuer shall terminate its obligations under the Warrants 
and pay or deliver, as the case may be, to each Warrantholder, as soon as possible after the occurrence of the Early 
Termination Event, (i) in the case Cash Settled Warrants, an amount equal to Early Termination Settlement Amount on the 
basis of Market Value as defined in Condition [5.8]/[5.8] of the General Terms and Conditions or (ii), in the case of Physical 
Delivery Warrants, subject to payment of the Exercise Price divided, if applicable, by the Parity, the Early Termination 
Physical Delivery Amount determined in accordance w ith Condition [5.5]/[5.5] of the General Terms and Conditions; or

--- Page 527 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for SGI Index Linked Warrants 
 
527 
 
3.1.3 
Correction of the Closing Price of an SGI Index 
In the event that any price or level published by the Index Calculation Agent w hich is used for any calculation or determination made 
under the Warrants is subsequently corrected and the correction is published and made available to the public by the Index Calculat ion 
Agent after the original publication but no later than four Business Days prior to the Expiration Date, (or any payment date( s) 
determined in the applicable Final Terms), the Calculation Agent w ill determine the amount that is payable as a result of that correction, 
and, to the extent necessary, w ill adjust the terms of the Warrants to account for such correction, provided however that, all references 
to the w ord "four" above may be deemed to be a reference to another time limit as determined by the Calculation Agent pursuant to 
rules applicable to the relevant Clearing System. 
3.2 
Change in Law, Hedging Disruption, Increased Cost of Hedging, Holding Limit Event and consequences 
Change in Law, Hedging Disruption, Increased Cost of Hedging and Holding Limit Event have the meanings given to them in 
the Additional terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants. 
In the case of the occurrence of a Change in Law , a Hedging Disruption, a Holding Limit Event or an Increased Cost of Hedging 
relating to an SGI Index (the Affected Underlying), the Calculation Agent may apply the adjustments as specified in the Additional 
terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants.

--- Page 528 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Reference Rate Linked Warrants 
 
528 
 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR REFERENCE RATE LINKED WARRANTS 
The provisions of these Additional Terms and Conditions for Index Linked Warrants apply if the applicable Final Terms 
specify that the clause "Type of Structured Warrants" is stated as being "Reference Rate Linked Warrants". 
1. 
DEFINITIONS 
Adjustment Spread means the adjustment, if any, to a Replacement Reference Rate that the Calculation Agent 
determines is required in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable, any transfer of economic value 
from (a) the Issuer to the Warrantholders or (b) the Warrantholders to the Issuer, in each case that w ould otherw is e arise 
as a result of the replacement of the Reference Rate w ith the Replacement Reference Rate. 
Any such adjustment may take account of, w ithout limitation, any anticipated transfer of economic value as a result of any 
difference in the term structure or tenor of the Replacement Reference Rate by comparison to the Reference Rate. The 
Adjustment Spread may be positive, negative or zero or determined pursuant to a formula or methodology. 
Administrator/Benchmark Event means, for a Reference Rate, any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, 
equivalence decision, approval or inclusion in any official register in respect of the Reference Rate or the administrator or  
sponsor of the Benchmark has not been, or w ill not be, obtained or has been, or w ill be, rejected, refused, suspended or 
w ithdraw n by the relevant competent authority or other relevant official body, in each case w ith the effect that either the 
Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other entity is not, or w ill not be, permitted under any applicable law  or regulation to 
use the Reference Rate to perform its or their respective obligations under the Warrants. 
EU BMR means the EU Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011), as amended. 
Hedge Positions means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance, by Societe Generale or any of its affiliate, of one 
or more (a) positions or contracts in securities, options, futures, derivatives, interest rate transactions or foreign exchange 
transactions, (b) securities lending/borrow ing transactions, (c) any cash deposits or cash borrow ing and/or (d) other 
instruments, arrangements, assets or liabilities how soever described in order to hedge, individually or on a portfolio basis,  
the part of Societe Generale or any of its affiliates’ obligation under the Warrants or any agreement entered into w ith 
Societe Generale or any of its affiliates by the Issuer in relation to the Warrants. 
Leverage Factor means a number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Reference Rate means any reference rate w hich is a benchmark as defined in the EU BMR and w here any amount payable 
or deliverable under the Reference Rate Linked Warrants, or the value of the Reference Rate Linked Warrants, is 
determined by reference in w hole or in part to such reference rate, all as determined by the Calculation Agent and specified 
in the applicable FInal Terms as being the Underlying. 
Reference Rate Event means, in respect of the Reference Rate any of the follow ing has occurred or w ill occur: 
(i) 
a Reference Rate Cessation; 
(ii) 
an Administrator/Benchmark Event; or 
(iii) 
a Reference Rate is, w ith respect to over-the-counter derivatives transactions w hich reference such Reference 
Rate, the subject of any market-w ide development (w hich may be in the form of a protocol by ISDA) pursuant to 
w hich such Reference Rate is, on a specified date (the “Risk-Free Rate Event Date”), replaced w ith a risk-free 
rate (or near risk-free rate) established in order to comply w ith the recommendations in the Financial Stability 
Board’s paper titled “Reforming Major Interest Rate Benchmarks” dated 22 July 2014. 
Reference Rate Cessation means, for a Reference Rate, the occurrence of one or more of the follow ing events: 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the Reference Rate 
announcing that it has ceased or w ill cease to provide the Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided

--- Page 529 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Reference Rate Linked Warrants 
 
529 
 
that, at the time of the statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that w ill continue to provide 
the Reference Rate; 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the Reference 
Rate, the central bank for the currency of the Reference Rate, an insolvency official w ith jurisdiction over the 
administrator for the Reference Rate, a resolution authority w ith jurisdiction over the administrator for the 
Reference Rate or a court or an entity w ith similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for the 
Reference Rate, w hich states that the administrator of the Reference Rate has ceased or w ill cease to provide 
the Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or publication, there is 
no successor administrator that w ill continue to provide the Reference Rate; or 
(iii) 
in respect of a Reference Rate, a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of such Reference Rate announcing that [(a)] the regulatory supervisor has determined that 
such Reference Rate is no longer, or as of a specified future date w ill no longer be, representative of the underlying 
market and economic reality that such Reference Rate is intended to measure and that representativeness w ill 
not be restored and (b) it is being made in the aw areness that the statement or publication w ill engage certain 
contractual triggers for fallbacks activated by pre-cessation announcements by such supervisor (how soever 
described) in contracts; 
(iv) 
any event w hich otherw ise constitutes an “index cessation event” (regardless of how  it is actually defined or 
described in the definition of the Reference Rate) in relation to w hich a Priority Fallback is specified. 
If, for a Reference Rate, (i) an event or circumstance w hich w ould otherw ise constitute or give rise to an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event also constitutes a Reference Rate Cessation or (ii) a Reference Rate Cessation and an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event w ould otherw ise be continuing at the same time, it w ill in either case constitute a Reference 
Rate Cessation and w ill not constitute or give rise to an Administrator/Benchmark Event. 
Reference Rate(s) means the rate(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms as being the Underlying(s). 
Reference Rate Fixing means, in respect of a Reference Rate, the fixing of such Reference Rate published on the 
Valuation Date, on the Relevant Screen Page at the Specified Time. 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a Reference Rate: the central bank for the currency in w hich the 
Reference Rate is denominated or any central bank or other supervisor w hich is responsible for supervising either the 
Reference Rate or the administrator of the Reference Rate; or any w orking group or committee officially endorsed or 
convened by (A) the central bank for the currency in w hich the Reference Rate is denominated, (B) any central bank or 
other supervisor w hich is responsible for supervising either the Reference Rate or the administrator of the Reference Rate, 
(C) a group of those central banks or other supervisors or (D) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
Relevant Screen Page means such display page as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms for the purpose of 
providing a Reference Rate, or (i) any successor display page, other published source, information vendor or provider that 
has been officially designated by the sponsor of the original display page or (ii) if the sponsor has not officially designated 
a successor display page, other published source, information vendor or provider (as the case may be), the successor 
display page, other published source, information vendor or provider, if any, designated by the relevant information vendor 
or provider (if different from the sponsor). 
Replacement Reference Rate means, in respect of a Reference Rate, an index, benchmark or other price source that the 
Calculation Agent determines to be a commercially reasonable alternative for such Reference Rate, provided that the 
Replacement Reference Rate must be an index, benchmark or other price source (w hich may be formally designated, 
nominated or recommended by (A) any Relevant Nominating Body or (B) the administrator or sponsor of the Reference 
Rate (provided that such index, benchmark or other price source is substantially the same as the Reference Rate) to 
replace the Reference Rate) w hich is recognised or acknow ledged as being the industry standard replacement for 
over-the-counter derivative transactions w hich reference such Reference Rate. 
Specified Time means, for each Relevant Screen Page, the time (and associated financial centre) specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 530 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Reference Rate Linked Warrants 
 
530 
 
Valuation Date means, in respect of a Reference Rate, each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (w hich 
can be a calendar day or a Business Day). 
2. 
 FALLBACK PROVISIONS 
2.1 
Generic fallback provisions 
2.1.1 Standard Screen Rate Determination  
If the applicable Final Terms provide that “Standard Screen Rate Determination” applies, in respect of a Valuation Date or 
any other date or period in respect of w hich the Reference Rate must be determined to calculate any amount due under 
the Reference Rate Linked Warrants, the Reference Rate w ill, subject as provided below , be either/determine w ith : 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, w ith 0.000005 being rounded upw ards) of 
the offered quotations, (expressed as a percentage rate per annum), for the Reference Rate(s) w hich appears or 
appear, as the case may be, on the relevant screen page (the Relevant Screen Page) as at the specified time 
(the Specified Time) on the relevant Valuation Date or such other relevant date (for these purposes, the Reference 
Rate Determination Date), as specified in the applicable Final Terms, in question plus or minus (as indicated in 
the applicable Final Terms) the margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. If five or more of such 
offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such 
highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the low est (or, if there is more than one such low est quotation, 
one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the 
arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if in the case of (1) above, no such offered quotation appears or, in the case 
of (2) above, few er than three such offered quotations appear, in each case as at the Specified Time, the Calculation Agent 
shall request the principal office of each of the Reference Banks (as defined below ) to provide the Calculation Agent w ith 
its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately the Specified 
Time on the Valuation Date in question. If tw o or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent w ith such 
offered quotations, the Reference Rate shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place w ith 
0.000005 being rounded upw ards) of such offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) and 
multiplied by any Leverage Factor, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Valuation Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides the Calculation Agent w ith an offered quotation 
as provided in the preceding paragraph, the Reference Rate for the relevant Valuation Date shall be the rate per annum 
w hich the Calculation Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, w ith 
0.000005 being rounded upw ards) of the rates, as communicated to (and at the request of) the Calculation Agent by the 
Reference Banks or any tw o or more of them, at w hich such banks w ere offered, at approximately the Specified Time on 
the relevant Valuation Date, deposits in the Settlement Currency for a period equal to that w hich w ould have been used 
for the Reference Rate by the Reference Banks plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) and multiplied by any 
Leverage Factor or, if few er than tw o of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent w ith such offered rates, the 
offered rate for deposits in the Settlement Currency for a period equal to that w hich w ould have been used for the Reference 
Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of the offered rates for deposits in the Settlement Currency for 
a period equal to that w hich w ould have been used for the Reference Rate, at w hich, at approximately the Specified Time 
on the relevant Valuation Date, any one or more banks (w hich bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer and the 
Calculation Agent suitable for such purpose) informs the Calculation Agent it is quoting to Reference Banks (or, as the 
case may be, the quotations of such bank or banks to the Calculation Agent), plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if 
any) and multiplied by any Leverage Factor specified in the FInal Terms, provided that, if the Reference Rate cannot be 
determined in accordance w ith the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Reference Rate w ill be the Reference Rate 
determined as at the last preceding Valuation Date, if any, or otherw ise the Reference Rate shall be the one prevailing on 
the Business Day immediately preceding the Valuation Date. 
Where:

--- Page 531 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Reference Rate Linked Warrants 
 
531 
 
Reference Banks has the meaning given to it, for each Reference Rate, in the 2021 ISDA Definitions as amended and 
updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Warrants of the relevant Series. For instance, in case of a LIBOR 
rate, the Reference Banks w ill be the principal London office of four major banks in the London inter-bank market, in case 
of a EURIBOR rate, the Reference Banks w ill be the principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone 
inter-bank market. 
Euro-zone has the meanings given to those terms in the 2021 ISDA Definitions. 
2.1.2 Compounded RFR Screen Rate Determination or Averaged RFR Screen Rate Determination 
 
If the applicable Final Terms provide that “Compounded RFR Screen Rate Determination” or “Averaged RFR Screen Rate 
Determination” applies and the Reference Rate Linked Warrants is based on an overnight risk-free rate (such as and 
w ithout limitation SONIA, SOFR, €STR, SARON, TONA, SORA, HONIA, AONIA, CORRA)(each an Underlying 
Benchmark), the Reference Rate w ill, subject as provided below  in 2.1.3.5 , be such Reference Rate w hich is either (i) a  
Published Compounded RFR or (ii) a Published Averaged RFR, plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) 
the Margin (if any) (and the resulting percentage w ill be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one ten-thousandth of a 
percentage point, w ith 0.00005 being rounded upw ards). 
 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph, a Published Compounded RFR means the relevant Reference Rate as provided 
by the administrator to authorized distributors and published at the specified time (the Specified Time) on the relevant 
screen page (the Relevant Screen Page (each as specified in the applicable Final Terms) and on a relevant valuation 
date (specified in the applicable Final Terms), corresponding to the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment 
over a certain tenor calculated in accordance w ith any one of the RFR Compounding Method described in 2.1.3.1 to 2.1.3.4 
below  (each as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph, a Published Averaged RFR means the relevant Reference Rate as provided by 
the administrator to authorized distributors and published at the specified time (the Specified Time) on the relevant screen 
page ( the Relevant Screen Page (each as specified in the applicable Final Terms) and on a relevant valuation date 
(specified in the applicable Final Terms), corresponding to the arithmetic average of the Underlying Benchmark as 
observed over a certain period of time (the Tenor) calculated in accordance w ith any one of the RFR Averaging Methods 
described in 2.1.3.1 to 2.1.3.4 below  (each as specified in the applicable Final Terms).   
 
2.1.3 Determination of the Reference Rate based on RFR Compounding Methods and RFR Averaging Methods  
 
If the applicable Final Terms provide that any of “Compounding w ith Lookback”, “Compounding w ith Observation Shift”, 
“Compounding w ith Lockout” or “OIS Compounding” (each a RFR Compounding Method and together the RFR 
Compounding Methods) applies, the Reference Rate w ill subject as provided in 2.1.3.5 below , be equal to (i) the 
Reference Rate corresponding to the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment over a certain tenor calculated 
on the basis of an overnight risk-free rate (such as w ithout limitation SONIA, SOFR, €STR, SARON, TONA, SORA, HONIA , 
AONIA or CORRA) (each an Underlying Benchmark specified in the applicable Final Terms) in accordance w ith any one 
of the RFR Compounding Methods described in 2.1.3.1 to 2.1.3.4 below , as determined on the relevant valuation date 
(each as specified in the Final Terms) (ii) plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any) (and 
the resulting percentage w ill be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one ten-thousandth of a percentage point, w ith 
0.00005 being rounded upw ards); or  
 
If the applicable Final provide that any of “Averaging w ith Lookback”, “Averaging w ith Observation Shift”, “Averaging w ith 
Lockout” or “Overnight Averaging” (each an RFR Averaging Method and together the RFR Averaging Methods) applies, 
the Reference Rate for each Observation Period, w ill subject as provided below , be equal to (i) the Reference Rate 
corresponding to the arithmetic average over a certain tenor of an overnight risk-free rate (such as w ithout limitation SONIA , 
SOFR, €STR, SARON, TONA, SORA, HONIA, AONIA or CORRA) (each an Underlying Benchmark) in accordance w ith 
any one of the RFR Averaging Methods described in 2.1.3.1 to 2.1.3.4 below , as determined on the relevant valuation 
date (each as specified in the Final Terms) (ii) plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any) 
(and the resulting percentage w ill be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one ten-thousandth of a percentage point, w ith 
0.00005 being rounded upw ards).  
 
2.1.3.1 Lookback 
 
2.1.3.1.1 If “Compounding w ith Lookback” is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the applicable RFR 
Compounding Method, the Reference Rate is equal to:  
 
 
µ [∏(1 +
Underlying Benchmark Leveli−Lookback r ABD × ni
Day Count Basis
) −1
d0
i=1
] ×
Day Count Basis
d

--- Page 532 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Reference Rate Linked Warrants 
 
532 
 
2.1.3.1.2 If “Averaging w ith Lookback” is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the applicable RFR Averaging 
Method, the Reference Rate is equal to: 
 
[∑
Underlying Benchmark Leveli−Lookback r ABD
i=d0
i=1
]  ×
1
𝑑 
 
 
2.1.3.1.3 Definitions for Lookback  
 
For the purposes of 2.1.3.1 and 2.1.3.2:  
 
Applicable Business Day or ABD means, any day on w hich commercial banks are open for general business (including 
dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial center of the relevant currency of the 
relevant Underlying Benchmark of the Reference Rate ; 
 
d is the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period; 
 
do is, for any Observation Period : 
 
- 
if “Compounding w ith Lookback” applies : the number of Applicable Business Days in the relevant Observation 
Period except if the first calendar day of the relevant Observation Period is not an Applicable Business Day, then 
it is the number of Applicable Business Days in the relevant Observation Period plus one; or 
- 
if “Averaging w ith Lookback” applies : the number of calendar days in that Observation Period 
 
Day Count Basis means, if “Compounding w ith Lookback” applies, the denominator of the Day Count Fraction that 
customarily applies for the Underlying Benchmark of the relevant Reference Rate and w hich is either 365 or 360; 
 
i is : 
 
- 
if “Compounding w ith Lookback” applies: 
a. 
if the first calendar day in the relevant Observation Period is an Applicable Business Day, a series of 
w hole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant Applicable Business Day in chronological 
order from, and including, the first Applicable Business Day in the relevant Observation Period; or 
 
b. 
if the first calendar day of the relevant Observation Period is not an Applicable Business Day, then it is 
a series of w hole numbers from 1 to d0, w here i = 1 represents the first calendar day of the relevant 
Observation Period, and each of i = 2 to d0 represents the relevant Applicable Business Day in 
chronological order from, and including, the first Applicable Business Day in the relevant Observation 
Period; or 
 
- 
if “Averaging w ith Lookback” applies: a series of w hole numbers from 1 to d0, each representing the relevant 
calendar day in the Observation Period in chronological order from, and including, the first calendar day in the  
Observation Period. 
 
Lookback r means, the number of Applicable Business Days specified in the Final Terms; if none is specified “Lookback 
r “shall be deemed to be equal to 5; 
 
ni means, if “Compounding w ith Lookback” applies, for any day “i”, the number of calendar days from and including such 
day “i”  to but excluding, the earlier of (and excluding) (a) the next Applicable Business Day and (b) the last day of the 
relevant Observation Period; 
 
Underlying Benchmark Level i-Lookback r ABD means  
 
a) 
subject to paragraph b) below , for any Applicable Business Day “i” in the relevant Observation Period, the level of 
the Underlying Benchmark specified in the Final Terms in respect of the Applicable Business Day falling “Lookback 
r” Applicable Business Days preceding “i” provided by its administrator to authorized distributors and published on 
the Relevant Screen Page on the Specified Time. For the avoidance of doubt, pursuant to the rules of an 
Underlying Benchmark, in respect of an Applicable Business Day may be provided by its administrator to 
authorized distributors and published on Relevant Screen Pages, one or more (the actual number being “p”) 
Applicable Business Days follow ing such Applicable Business Day (e.g. SONIA and SOFR); in that case, the 
Underlying Benchmark Level i-Lookback rABD shall be the Underlying Benchmark Level published on day i – Lookback 
r ABD plus “p” Applicable Business Day(s).  
 
b) 
if a “Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily Floored Rate” is specified in the Final Terms, the Underlying Benchmark 
Leveli – Lookback r ABD for any Applicable Business Dayi – Lookback  r ABD shall be either: 
(i)the greater of the rate determined in accordance w ith paragraph a) and the Daily Floored Rate specified (if any); 
and

--- Page 533 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Reference Rate Linked Warrants 
 
533 
 
(ii) the low er of the rate determined in accordance w ith paragraph a) and the Daily Capped Rate specified (if 
any),as applicable. 
 
2.1.3.2 Observation Shift  
 
 
2.1.3.2.1 If “Compounding w ith Observation Shift” is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the applicable RFR 
Compounding Method, the Reference Rate is equal to: 
 
 
[∏(1 +
Underlying  Benchmark Leveli × ni
Day Count Basis
) −1
d0
i=1
] ×
Day Count Basis
d
 
 
 
2.1.3.2.2 If “Averaging w ith Observation Shift” is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the applicable RFR 
Averaging Method, the Reference Rate is equal to: 
 
[∑
Underlying Benchmark Leveli
i=d0
i=1
] 
 
2.1.3.2.3 Definitions for Observation Shift 
 
For the purposes of 2.1.3.2.1 and 2.1.3.2.2 
Applicable Business Day means any day on w hich commercial banks are open for general business (including dealing 
in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial center of the relevant currency of the Underlying 
Benchmark of the relevant Reference Rate; 
 
d is the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Shift Period.  
𝐝𝟎 is : 
- 
if “Compounding w ith Observation Shift” applies, the number of Applicable Business Days in the Observation Shift 
Period; or 
- 
if “Averaging w ith Observation Shift” applies, the number of calendar days in the Observation Shift Period.“i” is: 
Day Count Basis means, if “Compounding w ith Observation Shift” applies, the denominator of the Day Count Fraction 
that customarily applies for the Underlying Benchmark of the relevant Reference Rate and w hich is either 365 or 360; 
i is : 
 
- 
if “Compounding w ith Observation Shift” applies: a series of w hole numbers from one to d0, each representing 
the relevant Applicable Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first Applicable Business Day 
in the relevant Observation Shift Period; or 
 
- 
if “Averaging w ith Observation Shift” applies: a series of w hole numbers from 1 to d0, each representing the 
relevant calendar day in the Observation Shift Period in chronological order from, and including, the first calendar 
day in the Observation Shift Period; 
 
ni is, if “Compounding w ith Observation Shift” applies, the number of calendar days from, and including, the day i to, but 
excluding, the earlier of (and excluding) (a) the next Applicable Business Day, and (b) the Observation Shift Period End 
Date for the relevant Observation Shift Period or the Observation Shift Period End Date of the Set in Advance Observation 
Shift Period as the case may be; 
Observation Shift Period Additional Business Day means a Business Day in the financial centers specified, as the case 
may be, for such purpose in the applicable Final Terms otherw ise if none is specified in the Final Terms, there shall be no 
Observation Shift Period Additional Business Day; 
Observation Shift Period means, (A) the period from, and including, the date “s” Observation Shift Period Business Days 
preceding the first calendar day of the relevant Observation Period (and the first Observation Shift Period shall begin on 
and include the date falling ”s Observation Shift Period Business Days prior to the relevant valuation date) to, but excluding, 
the date “s” Observation Shift Period Business Days preceding the last day of the relevant Observation Period (the

--- Page 534 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Reference Rate Linked Warrants 
 
534 
 
Observation Shift Period End Date) unless (B) a Set-in-Advance Observation Shift Period is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, in w hich case the Observation Shift Period shall be such period;  
Observation Shift Period Business Day means a day w hich is both an Applicable Business Day and, as the case may 
be, an Observation Shift Period Additional Business Day;  
Set-In-Advance Observation Shift Period means in respect of an Observation Period, the period that w ould have been 
the Observation Shift Period of the immediately preceding Observation Period, if it had been determined on the basis of 
the definition of Observation Shift Period above provided that in respect of the first Observation Period, the Set-In Advance 
Observation Shift Period shall be as specified in the Final Terms (the First Set-In Advance Observation Shift Period).  
Underlying Benchmark Level i means : 
 
a) 
if “Compounding w ith Observation Shift” applies, and subject to paragraph c) below , for any Applicable Business Day 
“i, the level of the Underlying Benchmark specified in the Final Terms in respect of such Applicable Business Day “i”, 
provided by its administrator to authorized distributors and published on Relevant Screen Page on the Specified Time 
. For the avoidance of doubt, pursuant to the rules of an Underlying Benchmark, an Underlying Benchmark in respect 
of an Applicable Business Day “i” may be provided by its administrator to authorized distributors and published on 
Relevant Screen Pages, one or more (the actual number being “p”) Applicable Business Days follow ing such 
Applicable Business Day “i” in that case, the Underlying Benchmark Level I shall be the Underlying Benchmark Level 
published “p” Applicable Business Day(s) follow ing such day “I”; or 
 
b) 
if “Averaging w ith Observation Shift” applies, and subject to paragraph c) below :  
 
(I) for any Applicable Business Day “i, the level of the Underlying Benchmark in respect of such Applicable Business 
Day “i”, provided by its administrator to authorized distributors and published on Relevant Screen Pages; 
 
(II) for any day that is not an Applicable Business Day, the level of the Underlying Benchmark in respect of the 
preceding Applicable Business Day 
in each case as provided by its administrator to authorized distributors and published on Relevant Screen Pages; 
 
 
c) 
if a “Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily Floored Rate” is specified in the Final Terms, the Underlying Benchmark Leveli  
shall be either: 
(i) 
the greater of the rate determined in accordance w ith paragraph a. and the Daily Floored Rate specified 
(if any); and 
(ii) 
the low er of the rate determined in accordance w ith paragraph a. and the Daily Capped Rate specified 
(if any),as applicable. 
s is the number specified as the “Observation Period Shift” in the applicable Final Terms; if none is specified “s“ shall be 
deemed to be equal to 5. 
2.1.3.3 Lockout 
 
 
2.1.3.3.1 If “Compounding w ith Lockout” is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the applicable RFR 
Compounding Method, the Reference Rate is equal to: 
 
[∏(1 +
Underlying Benchmark Leveli × ni
Day Count Basis
) −1
d0
i=1
] ×
Day Count Basis
d
 
 
 
2.1.3.3.2 If “Averaging w ith Lockout” is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the applicable RFR Averaging 
Method, the Reference Rate is equal to: 
 
[∑
Underlying Benchmark Leveli  x ni
i=d0
i=1
]  ×
1
d 
 
 
2.1.3.3.3 Definitions  
 
For the purposes of 2.1.3.3.1 and 2.1.3.3.2

--- Page 535 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Reference Rate Linked Warrants 
 
535 
 
Applicable Business Day means any day on w hich commercial banks are open for general business (including dealing 
in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial center of the relevant currency of the Underlying 
Benchmark relevant Reference Rate; 
d is the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period; 
 
d0 is, for any Observation Period : 
 
- 
if “Compounding w ith Lockout” applies : the number of Applicable Business Days in the relevant Observation 
Period except if the first calendar day of the relevant Observation Period is not an Applicable Business Day, then 
it is the number of Applicable Business Days in the relevant Observation Period plus one; or 
 
- 
if “Averaging w ith Lockout” applies : the number of calendar days in that Observation Period 
 
Day Count Basis means, if “Compounding w ith Lockout” applies, the denominator of the Day Count Fraction that 
customarily applies for the Underlying Benchmark of the relevant Reference Rate and w hich is either 365 or 360; 
 
i is: 
- 
- if “Compounding w ith Lockout” applies: 
c. 
if the first calendar day in the relevant Observation Period is an Applicable Business Day, a series of 
w hole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant Applicable Business Day in chronological 
order from, and including, the first Applicable Business Day in the relevant Observation Period; or 
 
d. 
If the first calendar day of the relevant Observation Period is not an Applicable Business Day, then it is 
a series of w hole numbers from 1 to d0, w here i = 1 represents the first calendar day of the relevant 
Observation Period, and each of i = 2 to d0 represents the relevant Applicable Business Day in 
chronological order from, and including, the first Applicable Business Day in the relevant Observation 
Period; or 
 
- 
if “Averaging w ith Lockout” applies: a series of w hole numbers from 1 to d0, each representing the relevant 
calendar day in the Calculation Period in chronological order from, and including, the f irst calendar day in the 
Calculation Period; 
 
Lockout Date is the date “t” Lockout Period Business Days preceding the last day of the relevant Observation Period or, 
in respect of the last Observation Period, the Maturity Date (or the date falling t Lockout Period Business Days prior to 
such earlier date, if any, on w hich the Warrant become due and payable;  
 
Lockout Period is the period from, and including, the Lockout Date to, but excluding, the last day of the Observation 
Period or, in respect of the last Observation Period, the Maturity Date (excluded); 
Lockout Period Business Day means: 
- 
a Business Day in the financial centers specified for such purpose in the Final Terms; or 
- 
if no financial centers are specified for such purpose in the Final Terms, an Applicable Business Day; 
ni is, if “Compounding w ith Lockout” applies, the number of calendar days from, and including, the day i to, but excluding, 
the earlier of (and excluding) (a) the next Applicable Business Day, and (b) the last day of the relevant Observation Period  
t means:  
- 
the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; or 
- 
if a number is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, “t” shall be deemed to be equal to 5; 
 
Underlying Benchmark Level i means  
 
a) 
subject to paragraph c., in respect of any dayi other than a dayi in the Lockout Period : 
(I) 
if such day “I” is an Applicable Business Day, the level of the Underlying Benchmark in respect of such 
Applicable Business Day “i” provided by its administrator to authorized distributors and published on 
Relevant Screen Page on the Specified Time .; or 
(II) 
if such day “i” is not an Applicable Business Day, the level of the Underlying Benchmark in respect of the 
immediately preceding Applicable Business Day provided by its administrator to authorized distributors 
and published on Relevant Screen Page on the Specified Time;  
For the avoidance of doubt, an Underlying Benchmark in respect of an Applicable Business Day may be provided by 
its administrator to authorized distributors and published on relevant Page, one or more (the actual number being “p”) 
Applicable Business Day (e.g. SONIA and SOFR); in that case, the Underlying Benchmark Level in respect of an

--- Page 536 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Reference Rate Linked Warrants 
 
536 
 
Applicable Business Day i shall be the Underlying Benchmark published “p” Applicable Business Day(s) follow ing 
such day”i” 
b) 
subject to paragraph c), in respect of an Applicable Business Day i in the Lockout Period, the level of the 
Underlying Benchmark determined in respect of the Lockout Date as if the Lockout Date w ere an relevant 
valuation date;  
c) 
if a “Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily Floored Rate” is specified in the Final Terms, the Underlying Benchmark 
Leveli for any Applicable Business Dayi shall be either:  
(I) 
the greater of the rate determined in accordance w ith paragraph a. or paragraph b., as applicable, and 
the Daily Floored Rate so specified; and 
(II) 
the low er of the rate determined in accordance w ith paragraph a. or paragraph b., as applicable, and the 
Daily Capped Rate so specified, 
as applicable. 
 
 
 
2.1.3.4 OIS Compounding or Overnight Averaging  
 
2.1.3.4.1 If “OIS Compounding” is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the applicable RFR Compounding 
Method, then the Reference Rate is equal to:  
 
 
1.1 
[∏
(1 +
Underlying Benchmark  Leveli×ni
Day  Count Basis
) −1
d0
i=1
] ×
Day Count Basis
d
 
 
 
2.1.3.4.2 If “Overnight Averaging” is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the applicable RFR Averaging 
Method, then the Reference Rateis equal to:  
 
 
[∑
Underlying  Benchmark Leveli
i=d0
i=1
] ×
1
𝑑 
 
 
2.1.3.4.3 Definitions  
 
For the purposes of 2.1.3.4.1 and 2.1.3.4.2:  
 
Applicable Business Day means, in respect of a Reference Rate, , any day on w hich commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the princ ipal financial center of 
the relevant currency of the relevant Reference Rate. 
 
d is the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period.  
 
d0 is, for any Observation Period: 
 
- 
if “OIS Compounding” applies : the number of Applicable Business Days in the relevant Observation Period except 
if the first calendar day of the relevant Observation Period is not an Applicable Business Day, then it is the number 
of Applicable Business Days in the relevant Observation Period plus one; or 
- 
if “Overnight Averaging” applies : the number of calendar days in that Observation Period 
 
Day Count Basis means, if “OIS Compounding” applies, in respect of a Reference Rate, the denominator of the Day 
Count Fraction that customarily applies for the Underlying Benchmark of the Reference Rate and w hich is either 365 or 
360. 
 
i is: 
 
- 
if « OIS Compounding » applies : 
 
e. 
if the first calendar day in the relevant Observation Period is an Applicable Business Day, a series of 
w hole numbers from 1 to d0, each representing the relevant Applicable Business Day in chronological 
order from, and including, the first Applicable Business Day in the relevant Observation Period; and  
 
f. 
if the first calendar day of the relevant Observation Period is not an Applicable Business Day, then it is 
a series of w hole numbers from 1 to d0, w here i = 1 represents the first calendar day of the relevant 
Observation Period, and each of i = 2 to d0 represents the relevant Applicable Business Day in

--- Page 537 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Reference Rate Linked Warrants 
 
537 
 
chronological order from, and including, the first Applicable Business Day in the relevant Observation 
Period; 
 
- 
if “Overnight Averaging” applies: a series of w hole numbers from 1 to d0, each representing the relevant calendar 
day in the Observation Period in chronological order from, and including, the first calendar day in the Observation 
Period; 
 
ni is, if “OIS Compounding” applies, the number of calendar days from, and including, the day i to, but excluding, the earlier 
of (and excluding) (a) the next Applicable Business Day, and (b) the last day of the Observation Period or, in respect of 
the last Observation Period, the Maturity Date. 
 
Underlying Benchmark Leveli means: 
 
for any day “i,  
 
(I) if such day “I” is an Applicable Business Day, the level of the Underlying Benchmark in respect of such Applicable 
Business Day “i” provided by its administrator to authorized distributors and published on Relevant Screen Page on the 
Specified Time; or 
(II) if such day “i” is not an Applicable Business Day, the level of the Underlying Benchmark in respect of the immedia te ly 
preceding Applicable Business Day provided by its administrator to authorized distributors and published on Relevant 
Screen Page on the Specified Time. 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, pursuant to the rules of an Underlying Benchmark, an Underlying Benchmark in respect of an 
Applicable Business Day “I” may be provided by its administrator to authorized distributors and published on Relevant 
Screen Pages, one or more (the actual number being “p”) Applicable Business Days follow ing such Applicable Business 
Day “I” in that case, the Underlying Benchmark Level I shall be the Underlying Benchmark Level published “p” Applicable 
Business Day(s) follow ing such day “I”; or 
 
2.1.3.5 Events affecting Reference Rates and Underlying Benchmarks 
 
2.1.3.5.1 No Index Event has occurred 
 
(i) If Standard Screen Rate Determination applies pursuant to 2.1.1 above, for the purpose of determining the Reference 
Rate, and if (x) the Reference Rate cannot be determined in accordance w ith the provisions of (2), and (y) an Index Event 
has not occurred, then the Reference Rate shall be determined on the basis of the latest (1) offered quotation; or (2) 
arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, w ith 0.000005 being rounded upw ards) of the offered 
quotations, (expressed as a percentage rate per annum), for the Reference Rate(s) w hich appears or appear, as the case 
may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Specified Time indicated in the Final Terms or the Specified Time in the 
principal financial centre of the jurisdiction of the relevant Reference Rate, available immediately before the relevant 
valuation date, as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
 
(ii) If Compounded RFR Screen Rate Determination or Averaged RFR Screen Rate Determination applies pursuant to 
paragraph (3) above, for the purpose of determining the Reference Rate, and if (x) the Reference Rate has not been 
published on the Relevant Screen Page and (y) an Index Event has not occurred, then the Calculation Agent w ill calculate 
the Reference Rate by applying one of the calculation methodologies described in (4) above corresponding to the Method 
of Determination of the Reference Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
(iii) If any of the RFR Compounding Methods or the RFR Averaging Methods applies pursuant to (4) above or pursuant to 
the paragraph (ii) immediately above and (a) the Underlying Benchmark Level cannot be determined in respect of a day 
“i” because it has not been provided by its administrator to authorized distributors and/or is not published on Relevant 
Screen Pages and (b) an Index Event has not occurred, then the Underlying Benchmark Leveli in respect of a day”i” shall 
be determined by the Calculation Agent (i) pursuant to the Temporary Non Publication Fallback of the 2021 ISDA  
Definitions and the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions Floating Rate Matrix (the ISDA Matrix) as updated and 
amended as of the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Warrants w hen the Underlying Benchmark specified in the 
applicable Final Terms is also an Underlying Benchmark under the 2021 ISDA Definitions and the ISDA Matrix as if it w ere 
the Calculation Agent under an interest rate sw ap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the 2021 
ISDA Definitions and using the Underlying Benchmark to determine the amounts due under such interest rate sw ap 
transaction or (ii) otherw ise, as the latest available Underlying Benchmark Level provided by its administrator and published 
on the Relevant Screen Pages. 
 
2.1.3.5.2 If an Index Event has occurred  
 
If on any day on w hich a Reference Rate or an Underlying Benchmark must be determined to be used by the Calculation 
Agent to calculate the Reference Rate for an Observation Period (the “Affected Observation Period”), the relevant 
Reference Rate or Underlying Benchmark is affected by an Index Event, then subject to the provisions in (y) below : 
 
(x)

--- Page 538 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Reference Rate Linked Warrants 
 
538 
 
 
1) 
With respect to a Reference Rate or an Underlying Benchmark hereunder that constitutes an “Underlying 
Benchmark” for the purposes of the 2021 ISDA Definitions and the ISDA Matrix , (i) the Calculation Agent of the 
Warrants or any other person specified in the Final Terms shall apply the Permanent Cessation Fallback or the 
Administrator Benchmark Fallback (but except the Generic Fallback Provisions) as defined in the 2021 ISDA  
Definitions and indicated in the ISDA Matrix (such Permanent Cessation Fallback, but except the Generic Fallback 
Provisions, the “Priority Fallback”), as if it w ere the Calculation Agent under an interest rate sw ap transaction 
under the terms of an agreement incorporating the 2021 ISDA Definitions and using the Underlying Benchmark 
to determine the amounts due under such interest rate sw ap transaction, for the purposes of determining any 
Replacement Benchmark and, as the case may be, an Adjustment Spread pursuant to this Condition (4.5) (ii) and 
notw ithstanding anything to the contrary in these General Terms and Conditions, upon the occurrence of an Index  
Event, such Priority Fallback shall apply and the rate so determined shall constitute the Reference Rate or the 
Underlying Benchmark for the purposes of these General Terms and Conditions, 
2) 
if the Reference Rate or Underlying Benchmark constitutes an “Underlying Benchmark” for the purposes of the 
2021 ISDA Definitions and the ISDA Matrix but the Permanent Cessation Fallback or the Administrator Benchmark 
Fallback is “Generic Fallback Provisions” as specified in the ISDA Matrix or the Reference Rate or Underlying 
Benchmark does not constitute an “Underlying Benchmark” for the purposes of the 2021 ISDA Definitions and the 
ISDA Matrix, the Calculation Agent shall as soon as reasonably practicable, attempt to determine a Replacement 
Benchmark and, as the case may be, an Adjustment Spread,  
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT  
(y) if the Index Event is (I) an Index Cessation Event but the Reference Rate or the Underlying Benchmark is still available 
and representative; or (II) an Administrator/Benchmark Event but w hich is not yet effective as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, then the Reference Rate or the Underlying Benchmark for the Affected Observation Period shall be determined 
pursuant to the provisions that w ould apply to the determination of the Reference Rate as if no Index Event had occurred;  
and  
(z) if the Index Event is (I) an Index Cessation Event but the Reference Rate or the Underlying Benchmark is no longer 
available or is no longer representative; or (II) an Administrator/Benchmark Event w hich is effective as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, if the Reference Rate or the Underlying Benchmark specified in the applicable Final Terms affected by 
the Index Event and used to determine the Reference Rate of an Observation Period is a Term Rate determined before or 
at the beginning of such Observation Period and pursuant to the application of the provisions in (x) above, it w ill be replaced 
by a Replacement Benchmark to be determined at the end or just after the end of an Observation Period as the result of 
the compounding or averaging of an overnight rate, as observed on dates during a period starting on or before the 
beginning of the Observation Period, as the case may be plus an Adjustment Spread, then the Replacement Benchmark 
shall be used as from the Affected Observation Period and determined at the end or just after such Affected Observation 
Period.  
Term Rate means a benchmark that reflects the rate of return in the relevant market for one or more specified periods of 
time, w ith the relevant period of time to be specified in the Final Terms as the Designated Maturity. 
If no Replacement Rate, and as the case may, Adjustment Spread, has been determined by the Calculation Agent pursuant 
to the provisions above, then the Calculation Agent may apply the provisions of the Additionnal Terms and Conditions for 
Structured Warrants. 
 
2.1.3.6 Conforming changes 
 
Follow ing the occurrence of an Index Event, the Calculation Agent may make any technical, administrative or operational 
changes (including w ithout limitation, changes to the determination dates, timing and frequency of determining rates and 
making payments, rounding of amounts or tenors, the introduction or modification of any time delay or lag betw een the 
calculation or observation period of a rate and the related payment dates, the application of a mathematical formula to the 
Reference Rate or Underlying Benchmark and other administrative matters) that the Calculation Agent decides may be 
appropriate to reflect the change of Reference Rate or Underlying Benchmark in a manner substantially consistent w ith 
the prevailing market practice (or, if the Calculation Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is 
not administratively feasible or if the Calculation Agent determines that no market practice for use of the new  Reference 
Rate exists, in such other manner as the Calculation Agent determines is reasonably necessary) and/or in order to adapt

--- Page 539 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Reference Rate Linked Warrants 
 
539 
 
solutions provided by the 2021 ISDA Definitions and the ISDA Matrix that are designed for the OTC transactions to the 
context of the Warrants.  
These conforming changes shall be binding upon the Warrantholders. 
If a Reference Rate Event has occurred: 
(A) 
the Calculation Agent shall as soon as reasonably practicable, attempt to determine a Replacement Reference 
Rate and, as the case may be, an Adjustment Spread, subject to the provisions in (B) below , 
(B) 
With respect to a Reference Rate that constitute an “Underlying Benchmark” for the purposes of the Floating Rate 
Matrix of the 2021 ISDA Definitions as published by ISDA, if the Floating Rate Matrix provides for or refers to a 
concept defined or otherw ise described as an “index cessation event”, a “non representativeness” or 
“administrator/benchmark event (regardless of the contents of that definition or description) then, for the purposes 
of determining any Replacement Reference Rate and Adjustment Spread pursuant to this provision and 
notw ithstanding anything to the contrary in these General Terms and Conditions, upon the occurrence of such an 
event, any fallback provision specified or referred to in the Floating Rate Matrix follow ing such an event (the 
“Priority Fallback) shall apply and the rate so determined shall constitute the Reference Rate for the purposes 
herein. 
If no Replacement Rate, and as the case may, Adjustment Spread, has been determined by the Calculation Agent pursuant 
to the provisions in (A) or (B) above, then the Calculation Agent may apply the provisions of Condition 5.8. 
2.2 
Specific fallback provisions 
For certain products (mainly range accrual products), one or both of the follow ing provisions may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms in addition to the generic fallback provisions: 
2.2.1 
In respect of a Valuation Date w hich is not a Business Day, the Reference Rate Fixing for such Valuation Date 
w ill be the Reference Rate Fixing on the first preceding Business Day in respect of such Valuation Date. 
2.2.2 
In respect of an ObservationPeriod and for the last four Business Days of such ObservationPeriod, the value of 
the Reference Rate Fixing on these days shall be deemed to be the Reference Rate Fixing on the fifth Business 
Day preceding the valuation date relating to such Observation Period. 
3. 
CHANGE IN LAW, HEDGING DISRUPTION, INCREASED COST OF HEDGING AND CONSEQUENCES 
Change in Law, Hedging Disruption and Increased Cost of Hedging have the meanings given to them in the Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants. 
In case of the occurrence of a Change in Law , a Hedging Disruption or an Increased Cost of Hedging relating to a Reference 
Rate (the Affected Underlying), the Calculation Agent may apply the adjustments as specified in the Additional Terms 
and Conditions for Structured Warrants.

--- Page 540 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Foreign Exchange Rate Linked Warrants 
 
540 
 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE RATE LINKED WARRANTS 
The provisions of these Additional Terms and Conditions for Foreign Exchange Rate Linked Warrants apply if the 
applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Type of Structured Warrants" is "Foreign Exchange Rate Linked Warrants". 
1. 
DEFINITIONS 
Averaging Date means the dates specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if any such day is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day, the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such 
day is a Disrupted Day, in w hich case the provisions of Condition 2 below  shall apply. 
Closing Price means, in respect of a Foreign Exchange Rate: 
(i) unless otherw ise expressly specified in the applicable Final Terms of the Warrants, the fixing of such Foreign Exchange 
Rate published by the Price Source (or the Substitute Price Source if (a) the Price Source (or any page that may be 
substituted for it) is not available or (b) the fixing of such Foreign Exchange Rate is not available on the Price Source) at  
the Valuation Time on the relevant Valuation Date; or 
(ii) if expressly specified in the in the applicable Final Terms of the Warrants, the: 
Spot FX Rate, w hich in respect of a Valuation Date, means the bid price (‘Fw dsBid’) published by the Price 
Source (or its successor) in respect of such date; and 
Fwd FX Rate, w hich, in respect of a Valuation Date, means the ask price (‘Fw dsAsk’) published by the Price 
Source (or its successor) in respect of that date, provided that: 
(a) 
If the exact maturity of the ask price is not available on the Price Source, the Calculation Agent w ill 
determine the Closing Price by applying linear interpolation based on the next shorter and next longer 
maturities available; and 
(b) 
If it is not possible to determine the price based on the Price Source, the Closing Price w ill be a rate 
determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and having regard to the conditions prevailing 
in the market. 
Disrupted Day means any Scheduled Trading Day on w hich a Disruption Event has occurred. 
Disruption Events means, in respect of a Foreign Exchange Rate, the occurrence or existence of (a) a Price Source 
Disruption, (b) an Illiquidity Disruption, (c) a Dual Exchange Rate or (d) any other event that, in the opinion of the Calculation 
Agent, is analogous to (a), (b) or (c). For the purpose hereof: 
A. 
Price Source Disruption means that it becomes impossible to obtain the rate or rates from w hich the 
Closing Price is calculated. 
B. 
Illiquidity Disruption means the occurrence of any event in respect of any Foreign Exchange Rate 
w hereby it becomes impossible for the Calculation Agent to obtain a firm quote for such currency in an 
amount deemed necessary by the Calculation Agent to hedge its obligations under the Warrants (in one 
or more transaction(s)) on the relevant Averaging Date or any Valuation Date. 
C. 
Dual Exchange Rate means that the Foreign Exchange Rate splits into dual or multiple foreign 
exchange rates. 
Foreign Exchange Rate means any exchange rate expressed as X/Y (X and Y are currencies) and specified as Underlying 
in the applicable Final Terms. For the avoidance of doubt, an exchange rate expressed as X/Y means the number of units 
(or part units) of Y for w hich one unit of X can be exchanged.

--- Page 541 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Foreign Exchange Rate Linked Warrants 
 
541 
 
FX Closing Time means the time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
FX Opening Time means, the time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Hedge Positions means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance, by Societe Generale or any of its affiliates, of one 
or more (a) positions or contracts in securities, options, futures, derivatives, interest rate transactions or foreign exchange 
transactions, (b) securities lending/borrow ing transactions, (c) any cash deposits or cash borrow ing and/or (d) other 
instruments, arrangements, assets or liabilities how soever described in order to hedge, individually or on a portfolio basis,  
the part of Societe Generale or any of its affiliates’ obligation under the Warrants, or any agreement entered into w ith 
Societe Generale or any of its affiliates by the Issuer in relation to the Warrants. 
Intraday Price means, in respect of a Foreign Exchange Rate, any time betw een the FX Opening Time and the FX Closing 
Time on a Valuation Date, the level of such Foreign Exchange Rate published by the Intraday Price Source (or the 
Substitute Intraday Price Source if the Intraday Price Source (or any page that may be substituted for it) is not available) 
at a specific time on the relevant Valuation Date. 
Intraday Price Source means, the published source, information vendor or provider as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms containing or reporting the rate or rates from w hich the Intraday Price is calculated. 
Price Source means the published source, information vendor or provider as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
containing or reporting the rate or rates from w hich the Closing Price is calculated. 
Substitute Intraday Price Source means the substitute published source, information vendor or provider as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms (if any) containing or reporting the rate or rates from w hich the Intraday Price is calculated. 
Scheduled Trading Day means, a day on w hich commercial banks are open (or, but for the occurrence of a Disruption 
Event w ould have been open) for business (including dealings in foreign exchange in accordance w ith the market practice 
of the foreign exchange market) in the principal financial centres of the Foreign Exchange Rate. 
Substitute Price Source means, the substitute published source, information vendor or provider as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (if any) containing or reporting the rate or rates from w hich the Closing Price is calculated. 
Valuation Date means, each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if such day is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day, the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such 
day is a Disrupted Day, in w hich case the provisions of Condition 2 below  shall apply. 
In case more than one Foreign Exchange Rate need to be determined for a Warrant on a date specified as a Valuation 
Date in the applicable Final Terms and such date is a Scheduled Trading Day for one or more of these Foreign Exchange 
Rates and not a Scheduled Trading Day for one or more of the other Foreign Exchange Rates: 
(a) 
Such date shall be the Valuation Date for the Foreign Exchange Rates for w hich this date is a Scheduled Trading 
Day. 
(b) 
The Valuation Date for the Foreign Exchange Rates for w hich such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day shall be 
the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day for each of these Foreign Exchange Rates unless, in the 
opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day, in w hich case the provisions of Condition 2 
below  shall apply. 
In case a Foreign Exchange Rate X/Y is described in the applicable Final Terms as the combination of tw o other Foreign 
Exchange Rates (X/Y = X/Z multiplied by Z/Y, w ith X/Z and Z/Y the Intermediate Foreign Exchange Rates) and a day 
specified as a Valuation Date in the applicable Final Terms is a Scheduled Trading Day for one of the Intermediate Foreign 
Exchange Rates and not for the other, the Valuation Date for both Intermediate Foreign Exchange Rates (but only for the 
purpose of determining the Foreign Exchange Rate that is the combination of these tw o Intermediary Foreign Exchange 
Rates) shall be the first succeeding day that is a Scheduled Trading Day for both Intermediary Foreign Exchange Rates 
unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day, in w hich case the provisions of Condition 
2 below  shall apply.

--- Page 542 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Foreign Exchange Rate Linked Warrants 
 
542 
 
Valuation Time means the time at w hich the Price Source publishes the relevant rate or rates from w hich the Closing 
Price is calculated, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
2. 
CONSEQUENCES OF A DISRUPTION EVENT 
If any Valuation Date or Averaging Date specified in the applicable Final Terms (the Scheduled Valuation Date and the 
Scheduled Averaging Date respectively), is a Disrupted Day for a Foreign Exchange Rate, the Calculation Agent shall 
determine to apply any of the follow ing methods: 
(x) 
determine that the Valuation Date or Averaging Date for such Foreign Exchange Rate shall be the first succeeding 
Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of such Foreign Exchange Rate, unless each of the 
eight Scheduled Trading Days immediately follow ing the Scheduled Valuation Date or Scheduled Averaging Date 
is also a Disrupted Day. In that case, that eighth Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation 
Date or Averaging Date for the Foreign Exchange Rate notw ithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, 
and the Calculation Agent shall determine, its good faith estimate of the fixing of the Foreign Exchange Rate as 
of the Valuation Time on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day and the good faith estimate of the fixing of the Foreign 
Exchange Rate so calculated shall be deemed the Closing Price. 
Provided how ever that, if a Scheduled Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day, the Averaging Date shall be postponed 
pursuant to the provisions above to the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day 
provided it is not also a Scheduled Averaging Date; if on the eighth Scheduled Trading Day follow ing the 
Scheduled Averaging Date a Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day nor another Scheduled 
Averaging Date has not occurred, then that eighth Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed the Averaging Date 
(irrespective of w hether that eighth Scheduled Trading Day is also a Scheduled Averaging Date), and the 
Calculation Agent shall make on that day the determinations described in (x) above, and the good faith estimate 
of the fixing of the Foreign Exchange Rate so calculated shall be deemed the Closing Price; or 
(y) 
consider such event as an event triggering an early termination of the Warrants (hereafter, an Early Termination 
Event). In that case, the Issuer shall terminate its obligations under the Warrants and pay or deliver, as the case 
may be, as soon as possible after the occurrence of the Early Termination Event, (i) in the case of Cash Settled 
Warrants, an amount equal to the Early Termination Settlement Amount on the basis of Market Value as defined 
in Condition [5.5]/[5.5] of the General Terms and Conditions or (ii), in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants, 
subject to payment of the Exercise Price divided, if applicable, by the Parity, the Early Termination Physical 
Delivery Amount determined in accordance w ith Condition [5.5]/[5.5] of the General Terms and Conditions; or 
(z) 
apply Condition [5.8]/[5.8] “Monetisation until the Expiration Date” of the General Terms and Conditions. 
3. 
CHANGE IN LAW, HEDGING DISRUPTION, INCREASED COST OF HEDGING, HOLDING LIMIT EVENT AND 
CONSEQUENCES 
Change in Law, Hedging Disruption, Increased Cost of Hedging and Holding Limit Event have the meanings given 
to them in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants. 
In the case of the occurrence of a Change in Law , a Hedging Disruption, a Holding Limit Event or an Increased Cost of 
Hedging relating to a Foreign Exchange Rate (the Affected Underlying), the Calculation Agent may apply the adjustments 
as specified in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants.

--- Page 543 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked Warrants 
 
543 
 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COMMODITY LINKED WARRANTS 
The provisions of these Additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked Warrants apply if in the applicable Final Terms the 
clause "Type of Structured Warrants" is stated as being "Commodity Linked Warrants". 
1. 
DEFINITIONS 
1.1 
Commodity Reference Prices 
Commodity Reference Price means, unless otherw ise specified in the applicable Final Terms, any of (a) the prices specified for the 
relevant Commodity below , (b) the Closing Price for the relevant Commodity Index specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
AL for a date means the settlement price per tonne of high grade primary aluminium at the end of the second morning ring on the 
LME for cash delivery (unless otherw ise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in USD, as determined and made public 
by the LME for that date (available on the page "LOAHDY Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "RING=" of the Reuters 
Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page). 
AL3 for a date means the official price per tonne of 3 month forw ard high grade primary aluminium on the LME (unless otherw ise 
provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in USD, as determined and made public by the LME for that date (available on the 
page "LOAHDS03 Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "MAL3" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any 
relevant succeeding page). 
BL for a date means the settlement price per barrel of the Brent blend crude oil on the ICE of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract 
subject to Roll Adjustment 1 (unless otherw ise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in USD, as determined and made 
public by the ICE for that date (available on the page "CO1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and on page "CO2 
Comdty" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "SETT" of the Reuters Monitor Money 
Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page). 
CC for a date means the settlement price per metric tonne of Cocoa Bean on the ICE of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract 
subject to Roll Adjustment 2 (unless otherw ise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in USD, as determined and made 
public by the ICE for that date (available on page "CC1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "CC2 Comdty" for a 
Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "CCc1" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract 
and "CCc2" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding 
page). 
CL for a date means the settlement price per barrel of the West Texas Intermediate light sw eet crude oil on the NYMEX of the First 
Nearby Month Futures Contract (unless otherw ise provided for in the applicable Final Terms) stated in USD, as determined and made 
public by the NYMEX for that date (available on page "CL1 Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "SETT" of the Reuters 
Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page). 
CO for a date means the settlement price per bushel of No.2 Yellow  Corn on the CBOT of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract 
subject to Roll Adjustment 2 (unless otherw ise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in U.S cents, as determined and 
made public by the CBOT for that date (available on page "C1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "C2 Comdty " 
for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "Cc1" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract 
and "Cc2" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding 
page). 
CT for a date means the settlement price per pound of Cotton No.2 on the ICE of First Nearby Month Futures Contract subject to Roll 
Adjustment 2 (unless otherw ise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in U.S cents, as determined and made public by 
the ICE for that date (available on page "CT1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "CT2 Comdty" for a Second 
Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page"CTc1" 
for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "CTc2" for as Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Reuters Monitor Money 
Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page).

--- Page 544 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked Warrants 
 
544 
 
CU for a date means the settlement price per tonne of copper Grade A at the end of the second morning ring on the LME for cash 
delivery (unless otherw ise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in USD, as determined and made public by the LME for 
that date (available on page "LOCADY Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "RING=" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates  
Service, or any relevant succeeding page). 
CU3 for a date means the official price per tonne of 3 month forw ard copper Grade A on the LME (unless otherw ise provided for in 
the applicable Final Terms), stated in USD, as determined and made public by the LME for that date (available on page " LOCADS03 
Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "MCU3" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding 
page). 
DA for a date means the settlement price per 100 pounds of Class III Milk on the CME of the First Nearby Month Futures  Contract 
subject to Roll Adjustment 1 (unless otherw ise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in USD, as determined and made 
public by the CME for that date (available on page "DA1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "DA 2 Comdty" for 
a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "DAc1" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract  
and "DAc2" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succ eeding 
page). 
EU2 for a date means the settlement price per emissions allow ance (such emissions allow ance being an entitlement to emit one 
tonne of carbon dioxide equivalent gas) on the ICE of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract(unless otherw ise provided for in the 
applicable Final Terms), stated in EUR, as determined and made public by the ICE for that date (available on page "MO1 Comdty " of 
the Bloomberg terminal and on page "0#CFI:" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page). 
FC for a date means the settlement price per pound of Feeder Cattle on the CME of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract subjec t 
to Roll Adjustment2 (unless otherw ise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in U.S. cents, as determined and made 
public by the CME for that date (available on page "FC1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "FC2 Comdty" for a 
Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "FCc1" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract 
and "FCc2" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding 
page). 
FN for a date means the settlement price per Therm of the UK natural gas on the ICE of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract 
(unless otherw ise provided for in the applicable Final Terms) stated in GBP cents, as determined and made public by ICE for that 
date (available on page "FN1 Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "NGLNc1" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, 
or any relevant succeeding page). 
GI for a date means the settlement price per MWh of the phelix baseload electricity index (Germany/Austria) on the EEX of the Second 
Nearby Month Contract (unless otherw ise provided for in the applicable Final Terms) stated in EUR, as determined and made public 
by the EEX for that date (available on page "GI2 Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "F1BMc1" of the Reuters Monito r 
Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page). 
GL for a date means the settlement price per metric ton of the gas oil on the ICE of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract 
(denominated ICE Gas Oil Futures Contract beyond the January 2015 contract month, and renamed ICE Gas Oil Low  Sulphur Futures  
Contract w ith changes in its specification for February 2015 and later contract month) subject to Roll Adjustment 1 (unless otherw ise 
provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in USD, as determined and made public by the ICE for that date (available on page 
"QS1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "QS2 Comdty" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the 
Bloomberg terminal and on page "SETT" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page). 
GOA for a date, means that day's morning (unless otherw ise provided for in the applicable Final Terms) London Gold price per troy 
ounce of Gold for delivery in London through a member of the LBMA authorized to effect such delivery, stated in USD, as calculated 
and administered by independent service provider(s) pursuant to an agreement w ith the LBMA and published by the LBMA on its 
w ebsite at w ww.lbma.org.uk that displays prices effective on that date (available on the page "GOLDLNAM index" of the Bloombe rg 
terminal and on page "XAUFIXAM=" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page, or any 
replacement page or w ebsite such as recommended by the LBMA). 
GO for a date, means that day's afternoon (unless otherw ise provided for in the applicable Final Terms) London Gold price per troy 
ounce of Gold for delivery in London through a member of the LBMA authorised to effect such delivery, stated in USD, as calculated 
and administered by independent service provider(s) pursuant to an agreement w ith the LBMA and published by the LBMA on its

--- Page 545 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked Warrants 
 
545 
 
w ebsite at w ww.lbma.org.uk that displays prices effective on that date (available on the page "GOLDLNPM index" of the Bloombe rg 
terminal and on page "XAUFIXPM=" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page, or any 
replacement page or w eb site such as recommended by the LBMA). 
GOC for a date, means the settlement price per troy ounce of Gold on the COMEX of the Selected Futures Contract (unless otherw ise 
provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in USD, as determined and made public by the COMEX for that date (available on 
page "GC1 Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "0#GC:" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant 
succeeding page); provided that: 
(a) 
Selected Futures Contract means, for such date, the next expiring Futures Contract among February, April, June, August 
and December Futures Contract; and 
(b) 
if such date falls on or after the first notice date of the Selected Futures Contract, the relevant Futures Contract for s uch date 
w ill be the second next to expire Futures Contract among February, April, June, August and December Futures Contract. 
HO for a date means the settlement price per US Gallon of the New  York Harbor ULSD ("Ultra Low  Sulfur Diesel (ULSD)") on the 
NYMEX of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract (unless otherw ise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in U.S. cents, 
as determined and made public by the NYMEX for that date (available on page "HO1 Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page 
"SETT" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page). 
KC for a date means the settlement price per pound of Arabica Coffee on the ICE of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract subject 
to Roll Adjustment 2 (unless otherw ise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in U.S cents, as determined and made 
public by the ICE for that date (available on page "KC1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "KC2 Comdty" for a 
Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "KCc1" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract 
and "KCc2" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding 
page). 
KW for a date means the settlement price per bushel of Hard Red Winter Wheat on the KBOT of First Nearby Month Futures Contract 
subject to Roll Adjustment 2 (unless otherw ise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in U.S cents, as determined and 
made public by the KBOT for that date (available on page "KW1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "KW2 
Comdty" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on "KWc1" for a First Nearby Month Futures 
Contract and "KWc2" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract page of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant 
succeeding page). 
LC for a date means the settlement price per pound of Live Cattle on the CME of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract subject to 
Roll Adjustment 2 (unless otherw ise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in U.S. cents, as determined and made public 
by the CME for that date (available on page "LC1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "LC2 Comdty" for a Sec ond 
Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "LCc1" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "LCc2" 
for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page). 
LH for a date means the settlement price per pound of Lean Hogs on the CME of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract subject to 
Roll Adjustment 2 (unless otherw ise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in U.S. cents, as determined and made public 
by the CME for that date (available on page "LH1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "LH2 Comdty" for a Second 
Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "LHc1" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "LHc 2" 
for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page). 
MCU for a date means the price per ton of copper Grade A on the LME of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract, subject to Roll 
Adjustment 2 (unless otherw ise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in USD, as determined and made public by the 
LME for that date (available on page "MCU/CLS1" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page, 
and on the relevant page of the Bloomberg terminal). 
 
NG for a date means the settlement price per MMBTU of natural gas on the NYMEX of the Henry Hub Natural Gas of the First Nearby 
Month Futures Contract (unless otherw ise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in USD, as  determined and made public

--- Page 546 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked Warrants 
 
546 
 
by the NYMEX for that date (available on page "NG1 Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "SETNGS" of the Reuters 
Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page). 
NI for a date means the settlement price per tonne of Primary Nickel at the end of the second morning ring on the LME for cash 
delivery (unless otherw ise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in USD, as determined and made public by the LME for 
that date (available on page "LONIDY Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "RING=" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates 
Service, or any relevant succeeding page). 
NI3 for a date means the official price per tonne of 3 month forw ard Primary Nickel on the LME (unless otherw ise provided for in the 
applicable Final Terms), stated in USD, as determined and made public by the LME for that date (available on page "LONIDS0 3 
Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "MNI3" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding 
page). 
OJ for a date means the settlement price per pound of Frozen Concentrated Orange Juice on the ICE of the First Nearby Month 
Futures Contract subject to Roll Adjustment 2 (unless otherw ise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in U.S cents, as 
determined and made public by the ICE for that date (available on page "JO1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and 
"JO2 Comdty" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "OJc1" for a First Nearby Month 
Futures Contract and "OJc2" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any 
relevant succeeding page). 
PB for a date means the settlement price per tonne of the Standard Lead at the end of the second morning ring on the LME for cash 
delivery (unless otherw ise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in USD, as determined and made public by the LME for 
that date (available on page "LOPBDY Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "RING=" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates 
Service, or any relevant succeeding page). 
PB3 for a date means the official price per tonne of 3 month forw ard Standard Lead on the LME (unless otherw ise provided for in the 
applicable Final Terms), stated in USD, as determined and made public by the LME for that date (available on page "LOPBDS0 3 
Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "MPB3" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding 
page). 
PDA for a date means that day's morning (unless otherw ise provided for in the applicable Final Terms) London Palladium Price (w hich 
may also be referred to as the LBMA Palladium Price) per troy ounce gross of Palladium for delivery in London through a member of 
the LPPM authorised to effect such delivery, stated in USD, as calculated and administered by the LME, and published by the LME 
on its w ebsite at w ww.lme.com that displays prices effective on that date (available on page "PLDMLNAM Index" of the Bloomber g 
terminal and on page "XPDFIX=" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page, or any replacement 
page or w ebsite such as recommended by the LME). 
PD for a date means that day's afternoon (unless otherw ise provided for in the applicable Final Terms) London Palladium Price ( w hich 
may also be referred to as the LBMA Palladium Price) per troy ounce gross of Palladium for delivery in London through a member of 
the LPPM authorised to effect such delivery, stated in USD, as calculated and administered by the LME, and published by the LME 
on its w ebsite at w ww.lme.com that displays prices effective on that date (available on page "PLDMLNPM Index" of the Bloomber g 
terminal and on page "XPDFIX=" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page, or any replac ement 
page or w eb site such as recommended by the LME). 
PTA for a date means that day's morning (unless otherw ise provided for in the applicable Final Terms) London Platinum Price (w hich 
may also be referred to as the LBMA Platinum Price) per troy ounce gross of Platinum for delivery in London through a member of 
the LPPM authorised to effect such delivery, stated in USD, as calculated and administered by the LME, and published by the L ME 
on its w ebsite at w ww.lme.com that displays prices effective on that date (available on page "PLTMLNA M Index" of the Bloomberg 
terminal and on the "XPTFIX=" page of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page, or any 
replacement page or w ebsite such as recommended by the LME). 
PT for a date means that day's afternoon (unless otherw ise provided for in the applicable Final Terms) London Platinum Price (w hich 
may also be referred to as the LBMA Platinum Price) per troy ounce gross of Platinum for delivery in London through a member of 
the LPPM authorised to effect such delivery, stated in USD, as calculated and administered by the LME, and published by the LME 
on its w ebsite at w ww.lme.com that displays prices effective on that date (available on page "PLTMLNPM Index" of the Bloomber g

--- Page 547 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked Warrants 
 
547 
 
terminal and on the "XPTFIX=" page of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page, or any 
replacement page or w eb site such as recommended by the LME). 
RB for a date means the settlement price per US Gallon of the reformulated gasoline blendstock for oxygen blending on the NY MEX 
of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract (unless otherw ise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in U.S. cents, as 
determined and made public by the NYMEX for that date (available on page "XB1 Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page 
"SETT" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page). 
SB for a date means the settlement price per pound of Sugar #11 on the ICE of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract subject to  
Roll Adjustment 2 (unless otherw ise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in U.S. cents, as determined and made public 
by the ICE for that date (available on page "SB1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "SB2 Comdty" for a Sec ond 
Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "SBc1" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "SBc 2" 
for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page). 
SI for a date, means that day's LBMA Silver price per troy ounce of Silver for delivery in London through a member of the LBMA  
authorised to effect such delivery, stated in U.S. dollars, as calculated and administered by independent service provider(s)  pursuant 
to an agreement w ith the LBMA, and published by the LBMA on its w ebsite at w ww.lbma.org.uk that displays prices effective on that 
date (as published on page "SLVRLND Index" of the Bloomberg terminal, or any relevant succeeding page, or any replacement page 
or w ebsite such as recommended by the LBMA). 
SIC for a date, means the settlement price per troy ounce of Silver on the COMEX of the Selected Futures Contract (unless otherw ise 
provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in U.S cents, as determined and made public by the COMEX for that date (available 
on page "SI1 Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "0#SI:" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant 
succeeding page); provided that: 
(a) 
Selected Futures Contract means, for such date, the next expiring Futures Contract among March, May, July, September 
and December Futures Contracts; and 
(b) 
if such date falls on or after the first notice date of the Selected Futures Contract, the relevant Futures Contract for such date 
w ill be the second next to expire Futures Contract among March, May, July, September and December Futures Contracts. 
SM for a date means the settlement price per metric ton of Soybean Meal on the CBOT of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract 
subject to Roll Adjustment 2 (unless otherw ise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in USD, as determined and made 
public by the CBOT for that date (available on page "SM1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "SM2 Comdty" f or 
a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "SMc1" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract 
and "SMc2" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding 
page). 
SO for a date means the settlement price per bushel of Soybean on the CBOT of First Nearby Month Futures Contract subject to Roll 
Adjustment 2 (unless otherw ise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in U.S cents, as determined and made public by 
the CBOT for that date (available on page "S 1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "S 2 Comdty" for a Second 
Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "Sc1" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "Sc2"  
for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page). 
WH for a date means the settlement price per bushel of deliverable grade w heat on the CBOT of the First Nearby Month Futures 
Contract subject to Roll Adjustment 2 (unless otherw ise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in U.S. cents, as determined 
and made public by the CBOT for that date (available on page "W 1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "W 2 
Comdty" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "Wc1" for a First Nearby Month Futures 
Contract and "Wc2" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant 
succeeding page). 
XA for a date means the settlement price per metric ton of the Rotterdam monthly coal on the ICE of the Second Nearby Month 
Futures Contract (unless otherw ise provided for in the applicable Final Terms) stated in USD, as determined and made public by the 
ICE for that date (available on page "XA2 Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "ATWMc2" of the Reuters Monitor Money 
Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page).

--- Page 548 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked Warrants 
 
548 
 
ZN for a date means the settlement price per tonne of Special High Grade Zinc at the end of the second morning ring on the LME for 
cash delivery (unless otherw ise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in USD, as determined and made public by the 
LME for that date (available on page "LOZSDY Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "RING=" of the Reuters Monitor 
Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page). 
ZN3 for a date means the official price per tonne of 3 month forw ard Special High Grade Zinc on the LME (unless otherw ise provide d 
for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in USD, as determined and made public by the LME for that date (available on page 
"LOZSDS03 Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "MZN3" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant 
succeeding page). 
1.2 
Price Sources 
Price Source means, w ith respect to a Commodity Reference Price, the Exchange, Index Sponsor or other entity, as specified in the 
definition of that Commodity Reference Price as the entity w hich determines and makes public the relevant price. 
APX means the Amsterdam Pow er Exchange N.V. or its successor. 
CBOT means the Chicago Board of Trade or its successor. 
CME means the Chicago Mercantile Exchange or its successor. 
COMEX means the Commodity Exchange Inc., New  York or its successor. 
EEX means European Energy Exchange or its successor. 
ICE means the Intercontinental Exchange, Inc. or its successor. 
KBOT means the Kansas City Board of Trade or its successor. 
LBMA means the London Bullion Market Association or its successor. 
LME means the London Metal Exchange Limited or its successor. 
London Bullion Market means the market in London on w hich members of the LBMA, amongst other things, quote prices for the 
buying and selling of Gold and Silver. 
LPPM means the London Platinum and Palladium Market or its successor. 
NORDPOOL means the Nord Pool ASA (The Nordic Pow er Exchange) or its successor. 
NYMEX means the New  York Mercantile Exchange or its successor. 
OMLX means the OM London Exchange Ltd. or its successor. 
SIMEX means the Singapore International Monetary Exchange, Inc. or its successor. 
1.3 
Other definitions 
Averaging Date means, in respect of a Valuation Date and an Underlying, each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
for the purpose of determining an average. With respect to a Commodity, Averaging Date is subject to Commodity Business Day 
Adjustment. With respect to a Commodity Index, Averaging Date is subject to Index Business Day Adjustment. Averaging Date is 
considered as a Valuation Date. 
Barrier Date means, a date w ith respect to w hich the Calculation Agent determines w hether a Barrier Level is reached or any other 
condition has occurred, and w hich includes (1) each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or (2) each date w here an 
American Knock-In Event can occurred, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If a date is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as both a Barrier Date and a Valuation Date, it w ill be considered as a Valuation Date. With respect to a Commodity, Barrier Date is

--- Page 549 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked Warrants 
 
549 
 
subject to Commodity Business Day Adjustment. With respect to a Commodity Index, Barrier Date is subject to Index Business Day 
Adjustment. Unless otherw ise specified in the applicable Final Terms, Common Commodity Business Day or Common Index Business 
Day, as relevant, is applicable to Barrier Dates. 
Barrier Level means the level specified as such or as a Knock-In Threshold in the applicable Final Terms. If not specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms, a Barrier Level means a level for w hich an American Knock-In Event is deemed to have occurred. 
Basket means, a basket of Commodities specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Closing Price for a date means, w ith respect to a Commodity Index, the closing level of the Commodity Index determined and made 
public by the Index Sponsor (or, if relevant, Index Calculation Agent) for that date. 
Commodity means, any of the commodities referenced in the relevant Commodity Reference Price, commodities comprised in a 
Commodity Index or any Underlying Index, if applicable or any commodity otherw ise specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Commodity Business Day means: (a) w hen the Commodity Reference Price is a price determined and made public by an Exchange, 
a day that is (or, but for the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event, w ould have been) a scheduled trading day on that Exchange 
and; (b) w hen the Commodity Reference Price is not a price determined and made public by an Exchange, a day w ith respect to 
w hich the relevant Price Source is scheduled to make public a price. 
Commodity Index means the index on commodities specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Commodity Instrument means any Relevant Futures Contract, and as applicable, any commodity comprised in the Commodity 
Index or Underlying Index for w hich there is no Relevant Futures Contract. 
Common Commodity Business Day means, w ith respect to a Barrier Date, a day w hich is a Commodity Business Day w ith respect 
to all Commodity Reference Prices specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Common Index Business Day means, w ith respect to a Barrier Date, a day w hich is an Index Business Day w ith respect to all 
Commodity Indices specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Exchange means the exchange or principal trading market specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that w ith respect to a 
Commodity Index, Exchange means the exchange or quotation system on w hich the Commodities comprised in the Commodity Index 
are traded, or any successor exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system acceptable to the 
Calculation Agent, in particular by reason of comparable liquidity relative to the relevant Commodities. 
Final Valuation Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Futures Contract means, w ith respect to a Commodity Reference Price and a Valuation Date or a Barrier Date, a standardised 
contract, traded on the Exchange referenced in that Commodity Reference Price, for future delivery of a contract size of the 
Commodity referenced in that Commodity Reference Price, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that, (a) if a particular 
date or month is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Futures Contract w ill be the Futures Contract providing for 
delivery on that date or month, (b) if First Nearby Month, Second Nearby Month etc. is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
relevant Futures Contract w ill be respectively the first Futures Contract, the second Futures Contract etc. to expire (meaning, for the 
avoidance of doubt, to cease trading) on or follow ing the relevant Valuation Date or Barrier Date. 
Index Business Day means, w ith respect to a Commodity Index, any day (a) on w hich the Index Sponsor (or, if relevant, the Index 
Calculation Agent) and the Underlying Index Sponsor (if any) (or, if relevant, the Underlying Index Calculation Agent) are scheduled 
to determine and make public the Closing Price of the Commodity Index and Underlying Index (if any), as applicable, and (b) w hich 
is a trading day on the relevant Exchange for all Commodity Instruments. 
Index Disruption Event means, w ith respect to a Commodity Index, any of the follow ing events: 
(A) 
the failure by the Index Sponsor (if any) (or, if relevant, Index Calculation Agent) to determine or make public the Closing 
Price of the Commodity Index (if relevant).

--- Page 550 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked Warrants 
 
550 
 
(B) 
the failure by the Underlying Index Sponsor (or, if relevant, Underlying Index Calculation Agent) to determine or make public 
the Closing Price of the Underlying Index. 
(C) 
the failure by the relevant Exchange to determine or make public the settlement price for a Commodity Instrument. 
(D) 
the material limitation imposed on trading in a Commodity Instrument on the relevant Exchange, provided that a limitation 
imposed on trading shall be deemed to be material only if (x) the relevant Exchange establishes limits on the range w ithin 
w hich the price of the Commodity Instrument may fluctuate and (y) the price of such Commodity Instrument is at the upper 
or low er limit of that range (each a “Limit Price”) (the “Trading Limitation”). 
(E) 
the material suspension of trading in a Commodity Instrument on the relevant Exchange, provided that a suspension of the 
trading shall be deemed to be material only if (x) all trading in the Commodity Instrument is suspended for the entire tradin g 
day on the relevant Exchange or (y) all trading in the Commodity Instrument is suspended during the relevant trading day 
on the relevant Exchange, such suspension is announced less than one hour preceding the commencement of such 
suspension or trading does not recommence prior to the regularly scheduled close of trading in such Commodity Instrument 
(the “Trading Suspension”). 
(F) 
the non-opening of trading in a Commodity Instrument on the relevant Exchange on any scheduled trading day w ith respect 
to such Commodity Instrument on that Exchange (a “Scheduled Trading Day”) provided that (X) the non-opening of trading 
in the Commodity Instrument does not constitute a Trading Suspension and (Y) all trading in the Commodity Instrument is 
closed for the entire Scheduled Trading Day (the “Closed Exchange”). 
The occurrence or existence of any of the above events on a Barrier Dates shall not be considered as an Index Disruption Event w ith 
respect to such Barrier Date (unless such Barrier Date is also a Valuation Date in w hich case it shall be considered as a Valuation 
Date). 
Index Calculation Agent means, the entity in charge of calculating and publishing the Commodity Index, if different from the Index 
Sponsor. 
Index Sponsor means the corporation or other entity as specified in the applicable Final Terms w hich (a) is responsible for 
establishing and review ing the rules, procedures and the methods of calculation and adjustments, if any, related to the relevant 
Commodity Index and/or (b) makes public (directly or through an Index Calculation Agent) the level of the relevant Commodity Index 
on a regular basis. 
Initial Valuation Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Intraday Price means, w ith respect to a Commodity and a day, any price at w hich such Commodity has been traded on the relevant 
Exchange at any time during that day, as determined by the Calculation Agent, such price to include the Commodity Reference Price.  
Unless otherw ise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Intraday Price shall have the follow ing meanings for the follow ing 
commodities: 
Aluminium Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per tonne at w hich the 3 month rolling high grade primary aluminium has 
been traded at any time during that date on the LME (unless otherw ise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in USD, 
available on the page "LMAHDS03 Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "MAL3=LX" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates 
Service (or any relevant succeeding page). 
Arabica Coffee Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per pound at w hich arabica coffee has been traded at any time during 
that date on the ICE of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract subject to Roll Adjustment 2 (unless otherw ise provided for in the 
applicable Final Terms), stated in U.S cents, available on page "KC1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "KC2 
Comdty" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "KCc1" for a First Nearby Month 
Futures Contract and "KCc2" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Serv ice (or any 
relevant succeeding page). 
Brent blend crude oil Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per barrel at w hich the Brent blend crude oil has been traded at 
any time during that date on the ICE of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract subject to Roll Adjustment 1 (unless otherw ise

--- Page 551 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked Warrants 
 
551 
 
provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in USD, available on the page "CO1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futur es 
Contract and on page "CO2 Comdty" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "COc1" 
for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and on page "COc2" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Reuters Monito r 
Money Rates Service (or any relevant succeeding page). 
Cocoa Bean Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per metric tonne at w hich the Cocoa Bean has been traded at any time 
during that date on the ICE of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract subject to Roll Adjustment 2 (unless otherw ise provided for in 
the applicable Final Terms), stated in USD (available on page "CC1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "CC2 
Comdty" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "CCc1" for a First Nearby Month 
Futures Contract and "CCc2" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any 
relevant succeeding page). 
Copper Grade A Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per tonne at w hich 3 month rolling copper Grade A has been traded at 
any time during that date on the LME (unless otherw ise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in USD, available on page 
"LMCADS03 Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "MCU3=LX" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any 
relevant succeeding page). 
Cotton No.2 Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per pound at w hich the Cotton No.2 has been traded at any time during that 
date on the ICE of First Nearby Month Futures Contract subject to Roll Adjustment 2 (unless otherw ise provided for in the applicable 
Final Terms), stated in U.S cents, available on page "CT1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "CT2 Comdty" for 
a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "CTc1" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract 
and "CTc2" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any relevant succeeding 
page). 
Deliverable grade Wheat Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per bushel at w hich deliverable grade w heat has been traded 
at any time during that date on the CBOT of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract subject to Roll Adjustment 2 (unless otherw ise 
provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in U.S. cents, available on page "W 1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures 
Contract and "W 2 Comdty" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "Wc1" for a First 
Nearby Month Futures Contract and "Wc2" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service 
(or any relevant succeeding page). 
Feeder Cattle Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per pound at w hich the Feeder Cattle has been traded at any time during 
that date on the CME of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract subject to Roll Adjustment 2(unless otherw ise provided for in the 
applicable Final Terms), stated in U.S. cents, available on page "FC1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "FC2 
Comdty" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "FCc1" for a First Nearby Month 
Futures Contract and "FCc2" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any 
relevant succeeding page). 
Gas oil Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per metric ton at w hich the gas oil has been traded at any time during that date 
on the ICE of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract (denominated ICE Gas Oil Futures Contract beyond January 2015 contract 
month, and renamed ICE Gas Oil Low  Sulphur Futures Contract w ith changes in its specification for February 2015 and later contract 
month) subject to Roll Adjustment 1 (unless otherw ise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in USD, available on page 
"QS1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "QS2 Comdty" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the 
Bloomberg terminal and on page "LGOc1" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "LGOc2" for a Second Nearby Month 
Futures Contract of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any relevant succeeding page). 
Gold COMEX Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per troy ounce at w hich Gold has been traded at any time during that date 
on the COMEX of the Selected Futures Contract (unless otherw ise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in USD, as 
determined and made public by the COMEX for that date (available on page "GC1 Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page 
"0#GC:" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page); provided that: 
(a) 
Selected Futures Contract means for such date the next expiring Futures Contract among February, April, June, August 
and December Futures Contract; and 
(b) 
If such date falls on or after the first notice date of the Selected Futures Contract, the Relevant Futures Contract for such 
date w ill be the second next to expire Futures Contract among February, April, June, August and December Futures Contract.

--- Page 552 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked Warrants 
 
552 
 
Gold Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per troy ounce at w hich Gold for delivery in London through a member of the LBMA  
authorised to effect such delivery, has been traded at any time during that date (unless otherw ise provided for in the applic able Final 
Terms), stated in USD, available on page "XAU=EBS" (or any succeeding page) of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service or on 
page "XAU EBS Curncy" of the Bloomberg terminal (or any relevant succeeding page). 
Hard Red Winter Wheat Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per bushel at w hich Hard Red Winter Wheat has been traded 
at any time during that date on the KBOT of First Nearby Month Futures Contract subject to Roll Adjustment 2 (unless otherw ise 
provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in U.S cents, available on page "KW1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures 
Contract and "KW2 Comdty" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "KWc1" for a First 
Nearby Month Futures Contract and "KWc2" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates 
Service (or any relevant succeeding page). 
Lean Hogs Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per pound at w hich Lean Hogs has been traded at any time during that date 
on the CME of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract subject to Roll Adjustment 2 (unless otherw ise provided for in the applicable 
Final Terms), stated in U.S. cents, available on page "LH1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "LH2 Comdty" for 
a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "LHc1" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contr act 
and "LHc2" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any relevant succeeding 
page). 
Live Cattle Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per pound at w hich Live Cattle has been traded at any time during that date 
on the CME of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract subject to Roll Adjustment 2 (unless otherw ise provided for in the applicable 
Final Terms), stated in U.S. cents, available on page "LC1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "LC2 Comdty" for 
a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "LCc1" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract  
and "LCc2" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any relevant succeeding 
page). 
Market Disruption Event means, w ith respect to a Commodity, any event that, in the reasonable opinion of the Calculation Agent, 
disrupts or impairs the determination of the price of such Commodity for a Valuation Date, and includes, w ithout limitation: 
A. 
the failure by the relevant Price Source to make public the relevant price for a Valuation Date, or the temporary or permanen t 
discontinuance or unavailability of the Price Source. 
B. 
the Trading Suspension or the Trading Limitation (w hether by reason of movements in price reaching the limits of the Limit 
Price or otherw ise) in the relevant Commodity on the relevant Exchange. 
The occurrence of a Market Disruption Event is determined by the Calculation Agent. 
The occurrence or existence of any of the above events on a Barrier Dates shall not be considered as a Market Disruption Event w ith 
respect to such Barrier Date (unless such Barrier Date is also a Valuation Date in w hich case it shall be considered as a Valuation 
Date). 
MMBTU means, one million British thermal units. 
Natural gas Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per MMBTU at w hich the natural gas has been traded at any time during 
that date on the NYMEX of the Henry Hub Natural Gas of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract (unless otherw ise provided for in 
the applicable Final Terms), stated in USD, available on page "NG1 Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "NGc1" of the 
Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any relevant succeeding page). 
New York Harbor ULSD Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per US Gallon at w hich the New  York Harbor ULSD has been 
traded at any time during that date on the NYMEX of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract (unless otherw ise provided for in the 
applicable Final Terms), stated in U.S. Cents, available on page "HO1 Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "HOc1" of the 
Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any relevant succeeding page). 
No.2 Yellow Corn Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per bushel at w hich the No.2 Yellow  Corn has been traded at any time 
during that date on the CBOT of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract subject to Roll Adjustment 2 (unless otherw ise provided for 
in the applicable Final Terms), stated in U.S cents, available on page "C 1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "C

--- Page 553 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked Warrants 
 
553 
 
2 Comdty" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "Cc1" for a First Nearby Month 
Futures Contract and "Cc2" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any relevant 
succeeding page). 
Observation Barrier Period means, unless otherw ise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the period from and including the first 
Valuation Date to and including the last Valuation Date. 
Observation Business Day means, a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on w hich commercial banks are open for business 
either in London or in New  York. 
Palladium Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per troy ounce gross at w hich Palladium for delivery in London through a 
member of the LPPM authorised to effect such delivery, has been traded at any time during that date (unless otherw ise provided for 
in the applicable Final Terms), stated in USD, available on page "XPD=EBS" (or any succeeding page) of the Reuters Monitor Money 
Rates Service or on page "XPD EBS Curncy" of the Bloomberg terminal (or any relevant succeeding page). 
Platinum Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per troy ounce gross at w hich Platinum for delivery in London through a member 
of the LPPM authorised to effect such delivery, has been traded at any time during that date (unless otherw ise provided for in the 
applicable Final Terms), stated in USD, available on page "XPT=EBS" (or any succeeding page) of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates 
Service or on page "XPT EBS Curncy" of the Bloomberg terminal (or any relevant succeeding page). 
Primary Nickel Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per tonne at w hich 3 month rolling Primary Nickel has been traded at 
any time during that date on the LME (unless otherw ise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in USD, available on page 
"LMNIDS03 Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "MNI3=LX" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any relevant  
succeeding page). 
Reformulated gasoline blendstock Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per US Gallon at w hich the reformulated gasoline 
blendstock for oxygen blending has been traded at any time during that date on the NYMEX of the First Nearby Month Futures 
Contract (unless otherw ise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in U.S. cents, available on page "XB1 Comdty" of the 
Bloomberg terminal and on page "RBc1" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any relevant succeeding page). 
Relevant Futures Contract means, each futures contract comprised in the Commodity Index or in the Underlying Index. 
Roll Adjustment means, unless otherw ise specified in the applicable Final Terms, any of the follow ing roll rules: 
Roll Adjustment 1: For a Commodity Business Day falling on the trade date immediately preceding the last trade date of the First 
Nearby Month Futures Contract, the relevant Futures Contract w ill be: 
(i) 
until and including the publication of the relevant price of the Futures Contract referred to in the relevant Commodity 
Reference Price by the Price Source on that day, the First Nearby Month Futures Contract; and 
(ii) 
immediately after the publication of the price of the Futures Contract referred to in the relevant Commodity Reference Price 
by the Price Source on that day, the Second Nearby Month Futures Contract. 
For a Commodity Business Day falling on the last trade date of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract, the relevant Futures Contract 
w ill be the Second Nearby Month Futures Contract (w hich, f or the avoidance of doubt, is the Futures Contract w hich as of the 
immediately preceding trade date w as the Second Nearby Month Futures Contract). 
Roll Adjustment 2: For a Commodity Business Day falling on the standard (last) expiration date of the First Nearby Month Futures 
option contract, traded on the Exchange referred to in the relevant Commodity Reference Price, the relevant Futures Contract w ill be: 
(i) 
until and including the publication of the relevant price of the Futures Contract referred to in the relevant Commodity 
Reference Price by the Price Source on that day, the First Nearby Month Futures Contract, and 
(ii) 
immediately after the publication of the relevant price of the Futures Contract referred to in the relevant Commodity Reference 
Price by the Price Source on that day, the Second Nearby Month Futures Contract.

--- Page 554 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked Warrants 
 
554 
 
For a Commodity Business Day falling after the standard (last) expiry date of the First Nearby Month Futures option contract, the 
relevant Futures Contract w ill be the Second Nearby Month Futures Contract (w hich, for the avoidance of doubt, is the Futures 
Contract w hich, as of the standard (last) expiration date of the First Nearby Month Futures option contract, w as the Second Nearby 
Month Futures Contract). 
Roll Adjustment 3: For a Commodity Business Day falling on the trade date immediately preceding the first notice date of the First 
Nearby Month Futures Contract traded on the Exchange referred to in the relevant Commodity Reference Price, the relevant Futures 
Contract w ill be: 
(i) 
until and including the publication of the relevant price of the Futures Contract referred to in the relevant Commodity 
Reference Price by the Price Source on that day, the First Nearby Month Futures Contract, and 
(ii) 
immediately after the publication of the price of the Futures Contract referred to in the relevant Commodity Reference Price 
by the Price Source on that day, the Second Nearby Month Futures Contract. 
For a Commodity Business Day falling on or after the first notice date of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract, the relevant Futures 
Contract w ill be the Second Nearby Month Futures Contract (w hich, for the avoidance of doubt, is the Futures Contract w hich as of 
the day immediately preceding that first notice date, w as the Second Nearby Month Futures Contract). 
Silver COMEX Intraday Price: means, for a date, any price per troy ounce at w hich Silver has been traded at any time during that 
date on the COMEX of the Selected Futures Contract (unless otherw ise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in U.S 
cents (available on page "SI1 Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "0#SI:" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Servic e, 
or any relevant succeeding page); provided that: 
(a) 
Selected Futures Contract means for such date, the next expiring Futures Contract among March, May, July, September 
and December Futures Contracts; and 
(b) 
if such date falls on or after the first notice date of the Selected Futures Contract, the relevant Futures Contract for such date 
w ill be the second next to expire Futures Contract among March, May, July, September and December Futures Contracts. 
Silver Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per troy ounce at w hich Silver for delivery in London through a member of the 
LBMA authorised to effect such delivery, has been traded at any time during that date (unless otherw ise provided for in the applicable 
Final Terms), stated in USD, available on page "XAG=EBS" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any succeeding page) 
or on page "XAG EBS Curncy" of the Bloomberg terminal (or any relevant succeeding page). 
Standard Lead Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per tonne at w hich the 3 month rolling Standard Lead has been traded 
at any time during that date on the LME (unless otherw ise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), available on page "LMPBDS0 3 
Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "MPB3=LX" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any relevant succeeding 
page). 
Sugar #11 Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per pound at w hich Sugar #11 has been traded at any time during that date 
on the ICE of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract subject to Roll Adjustment 2 (unless otherw ise provided for in the applicable 
Final Terms), stated in U.S. cents, available on page "SB1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "SB2 Comdty" for 
a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "SBc1" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract  
and "SBc2" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any relevant succeeding 
page). 
Soybean Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per bushel at w hich Soybean has been traded at any time during that date on 
the CBOT of First Nearby Month Futures Contract subject to Roll Adjustment 2 (unless otherw ise provided for in the applicable Final 
Terms), stated in U.S cents, available on page "S 1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "S 2 Comdty" for a Second 
Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "Sc1" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "Sc2" 
for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any relevant succeeding page). 
Soybean Meal Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per metric ton at w hich Soybean Meal has been traded at any time during 
that date on the CBOT of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract subject to Roll Adjustment 2 (unless otherw ise provided for in the 
applicable Final Terms), stated in USD, available on page "SM1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "SM2

--- Page 555 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked Warrants 
 
555 
 
Comdty" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "SMc1" for a First Nearby Month 
Futures Contract and "SMc2" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any 
relevant succeeding page). 
West Texas Intermediate light sweet crude oil Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per barrel at w hich the West Texas 
Intermediate light sw eet crude oil has been traded at any time during that date on the NYMEX of the First Nearby Month Futures 
Contract (unless otherw ise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in USD, available on page "CL1 Comdty" of the 
Bloomberg terminal and on page "CLc1" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any relevant succeeding page). 
Zinc Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per tonne at w hich 3 month rolling Special High Grade Zinc has been traded at any 
time during that date on the LME (unless otherw ise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in USD, available on page 
"LMZSDS03 Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "MZN3=LX" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any 
relevant succeeding page). 
For a Commodity Business Day falling on the last trade date of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract, the relevant Futures Contract 
w ill be the Second Nearby Month Futures Contract (w hich, forthe avoidance of doubt, is the Futures Contract w hich as of the day 
immediately preceding that first notice date, w as the Second Nearby Month Futures Contract). 
Strike Price means, the price specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Underlying Index means, each index comprised in a Commodity Index. 
Underlying Index Calculation Agent means, the entity in charge of calculating and publishing the Underlying Index, if different from 
the Underlying Index Sponsor. 
Underlying Index Sponsor means the corporation or other entity as specified in the applicable Final Terms w hich (a) is responsible 
for establishing and review ing the rules, procedures and the methods of calculation and adjustments, if any, related to the relevant 
Underlying Index and (b) makes public (directly or through an Underlying Index Calculation Agent) the level of the relevant Underlying 
Index on a regular basis. 
Valuation Date means, a date w ith respect to w hich a Commodity Reference Price is determined and includes the Initial Valuation 
Date and the Final Valuation Date, as the case may be, and/or each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. With respect 
to a Commodity, Valuation Date is subject to Commodity Business Day Adjustment. With respect to a Commodity Index, Valuation 
Date is subject to Index Business Day Adjustment. Unless otherw ise specified in the applicable Final Terms, neither Common 
Commodity Business Day nor Common Index Business Day, as relevant, is applicable to Valuation Dates. 
2. 
PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO COMMODITIES OTHER THAN INDICES 
2.1 
Commodity Business Day Adjustment 
2.1.1 
If a Valuation Date is not a Commodity Business Day w ith respect to a Commodity Reference Price, then the Valuation Date 
for such Commodity Reference Price shall be postponed to the next day w hich is a Commodity Business Day w ith respect 
to such Commodity Reference Price, subject to valuation deadline provisions in Condition 2.1.3 below . 
2.1.2 
If a Barrier Date is not a Common Commodity Business Day, then such Barrier Date shall be postponed to the next day 
w hich is a Common Commodity Business Day, subject to determination deadline provisions in Condition 2.1.3 below . 
2.1.3 
Notw ithstanding the foregoing, a Valuation Date or a Barrier Date shall occur not later than the earlier of (i) the Expiratio n 
Date of a Commodity Linked Warrant (ii) the fourth Business Day prior to the date of any payment to be made on the basis 
of determinations made for such Valuation Date or Barrier Date, as the case may be in respect of such Commodity Linked  
Warrant. The earlier of (i) the Expiration Date of a Commodity Linked Warrant and (ii) such fourth Business Day shall be 
deemed to be the Valuation Date or Barrier Date, as relevant, and the Calculation Agent shall determine the fair market

--- Page 556 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked Warrants 
 
556 
 
value of the Commodity or Commodities for w hich the earlier of (i) the Expiration Date of a Commodity Linked Warrant and 
(ii) that fourth Business Day is not a Commodity Business Day. 
2.2 
Consequences of Market Disruption Events 
2.2.1 
If a Market Disruption Event occurs or is continuing w ith respect to a Commodity Reference Price on a Valuation Date, then 
the price of such Commodity w ith respect to such Valuation Date w ill be (subject to the determination deadline provision in 
Condition 2.2.2 below ): 
(a) 
the Commodity Reference Price for such Valuation Date published by the relevant Exchange on the next Commodity 
Business Day on w hich there is no Market Disruption Event (the Determination Day); 
(b) 
if the Commodity Reference Price is not determined as per paragraph (a) above or is a Limit Price, the Commodity Reference 
Price published by the relevant Exchange for such Determination Day. 
For the purposes of paragraph (a) and (b) a Determination Day shall fall w ithin a period of five Commodity Business Days from and 
including the relevant Valuation Date. 
The determination of the Commodity Reference Price in paragraph (a) and (b) above is subject to determination deadline provisions 
in Condition 2.2.2 below . 
(c) 
If there is no Determination Day w ithin a period of five Commodity Business Days follow ing (and including) the Valuation 
Date, then the prices for such Valuation Date shall be determined, by the Calculation Agent on such fifth Commodity Business 
Day, using: 
(i) 
w ith respect to the Commodity or Commodities w hich are not affected by a Market Disruption Event on the fifth 
Commodity Business Day, the relevant Commodity Reference Price for that fifth Commodity Business Day and 
(ii) 
w ith respect to the Commodity or Commodities w hich are affected by a Market Disruption Event on the fifth 
Commodity Business Day, the fair market value of such Commodity or Commodities. 
2.2.2 
Notw ithstanding the foregoing, the prices for a Valuation Date shall be determined by the Calculation Agent at the latest on 
the earlier of (i) the Expiration Date of a Commodity Linked Warrant and (ii) the fourth Business Day prior to the date of any 
payment to be made on the basis of determinations made for such Valuation Date. 
2.3 
Consequences of extraordinary events affecting the Commodities or Commodity Reference Prices  
If, any of the follow ing extraordinary event occurs in respect of a Commodity or a Commodity Reference Price in the determination of 
the Calculation Agent: 
A. 
the relevant Commodity Reference Price disappears or permanently discontinues or otherw ise becomes unavailable; or 
B. 
at any time follow ing the first Valuation Date, a material change in the formula or the calculation method for the relevant 
Commodity Reference Price occurs; or 
C. 
at any time follow ing the first Valuation Date, a material change in the content, the composition or the constitution of the 
relevant Commodity occurs, 
then the Calculation Agent w ill be entitled to either: 
Y. 
determine the fair market value of the relevant Commodity for the relevant Valuation Date or Barrier Date; or 
Z. 
replace, to the extent possible, the affected Commodity Reference Price w ith a similar price.

--- Page 557 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked Warrants 
 
557 
 
If the Calculation Agent does not make a determination in accordance w ith Y above and if in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent, no price meets the criteria to be an appropriate replacement price in accordance w ith Z above, then the Calculation Agent w ill 
decide to either: 
a. consider such event as an event triggering an early termination of the Commodity Linked Warrants (an Early Termination Event). 
In that case, the Issuer shall terminate its obligations under the Warrants and shall pay or cause to be paid (i) in the case of Commodity 
Linked Warrants that are Cash Settled Warrants, an amount equal to the Early Termination Settlement Amount on the basis of Market 
Value as defined in Condition [5.5]/[5.5] of the General Terms and Conditions or (ii) in the case of Commodity Linked Warrants that 
are Physical Delivery Warrants, subject to payment of the Exercise Price divided, if applicable, by the Parity, the Early Termination 
Physical Delivery Amount determined in accordance w ith Condition [5.5]/[5.5] of the General Terms and Conditions; or 
b. apply the Monetisation until the Expiration Date of the Warrants, as defined in Condition [5.8]/[5.8] of the General Terms and 
Conditions. 
Subparagraph (a) shall not apply to Warrants to be listed on the Italian Exchange (Borsa Italiana S.p.A.). 
2.4 
Consequences of adjustment events affecting the Commodity Reference Price  
If a Commodity Reference Price made public on the relevant Price Source's page and utilised in any calculation or determination 
made under the Commodity Linked Warrants is subsequently corrected and the correction is made available to the public on the 
relevant Price Source's page after the original publication but no later than the earlier of (i) the Expiration Date of a Commodity Linked 
Warrant and (ii) four Commodity Business Days or Index Business Days, as applicable, prior to the Settlement Date of a Commodity 
Linked Warrant or any payment date(s) (as set out in the applicable Final Terms), the Calculation Agent w ill determine w hether 
adjustments to the terms of the Commodity Linked Warrants are necessary to account for such correction. 
3. 
PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO INDICES ON COMMODITIES 
3.1 
Index Business Day Adjustment 
3.1.1 
If a Valuation Date is not an Index Business Day w ith respect to a Commodity Index, then the Valuation Date for s uch 
Commodity Index shall be postponed to the next day w hich is an Index Business Day w ith respect to such Commodity Index, 
subject to valuation deadline provisions in Condition 3.1.3 below . 
3.1.2 
If a Barrier Date is not a Common Index Business Day, then such Barrier Date shall be postponed to the next day w hich is 
a Common Index Business Day, subject to determination deadline provisions in Condition 3.1.3 below . 
3.1.3 
Notw ithstanding the foregoing, a Valuation Date or a Barrier Date shall occur not later than the earlier of (i) the Expiration 
Date of a Commodity Linked Warrant and (ii) the fourth Business Day prior to the date of any payment to be made on the 
basis of determinations made for such Valuation Date or Barrier Date; as the case may be. The earlier of (i) the Expiration 
Date of a Commodity Linked Warrant and (ii) such fourth Business Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date or Barrier 
Date, as relevant, and the Calculation Agent shall determine the fair market level of the Commodity Index or Commodity 
Indices for w hich the earlier of (i) the Expiration Date of a Commodity Linked Warrant and (ii) that fourth Business Day is not 
an Index Business Day. 
3.2 
Consequences of Index Disruption Events 
3.2.1 
If a Valuation Date specified in the applicable Final Terms is subject to an Index Disruption Event for a Commodity Index or 
any Underlying Index, as applicable, the level of such Commodity Index or Underlying Index shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance w ith the formula and calculation method for that Commodity Index and Underlying Index, 
as applicable, then in effect (subject to determination deadline provisions in Condition 3.2.2 below ), using: 
(a) 
w ith respect to each commodity comprised in the Commodity Index or any Underlying Index for w hich no Commodity 
Instrument is affected by an Index Disruption Event, its settlement price as determined and made public by the relevant 
Exchange for the Valuation Date; and

--- Page 558 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked Warrants 
 
558 
 
(b) 
w ith respect to each commodity comprised in the Commodity Index or any Underlying Index for w hich one or more 
Commodity Instrument is affected by an Index Disruption Event: 
(i) 
the settlement price of the Commodity Instruments related to such commodity as determined by the relevant 
Exchange for the Valuation Date and made public on the Valuation Date or retrospectively on the next Commodity 
Business Day on w hich there is no Index Disruption Event w ith respect to such Commodity Instruments; 
(ii) 
if the settlement price of one or more Commodity Instruments related to such commodity is not determined as per 
(b)(i) above or is a Limit Price, the settlement price of all Commodity Instruments related to such commodit y 
published by the relevant Exchange for the next Commodity Business Day on w hich the Index Disruption Event 
ceases to exist w ith respect to all such Commodity Instruments; 
(iii) 
the settlement price of such Commodity Instruments shall be determined w ithin five (5) Commodity Business Days 
from and including the relevant Valuation Date for the purposes of paragraph (b)(i) and (b)(ii) above; 
(iv) 
if the settlement price of one or more Commodity Instruments is not determined as per (b)(i) and (b)(ii) above, 
Y. 
for each Commodity Instrument w hich is not affected by an Index Disruption Event on the fifth (5th) Commodity Business 
Day from and including the relevant Valuation Date and for w hich the relevant Exchange determines and makes public the 
settlement price on that day (and that settlement price is not a Limit Price), the settlement price of such Commodity 
Instrument(s) as determined and made public by the relevant Exchange; and 
Z. 
for each other Commodity Instrument the fair market value of all such Commodity Instruments on that fifth Commodity  
Business Day, as determined by the Calculation Agent taking into consideration the latest available settlement price for such 
Commodity Instruments as determined and made public by the relevant Exchange and any other information that the 
Calculation Agent may in good faith deem relevant. 
3.2.2 
Notw ithstanding the foregoing, the date on w hich the value of a Commodity comprised in the Commodity Index and the level 
of Commodity Index are determined shall occur not later than the earlier of (i) the Expiration Date of a Commodity Linked 
Warrant and (ii) the fourth Business Day prior to the date of any payment to be made under the Warrants on the basis of 
determinations made on such date. 
3.3 
Consequences of extraordinary events and adjustments to Indices  
A. 
If a Commodity Index is: 
(a) 
not calculated and made public by the relevant Index Sponsor and/or Index Calculation Agent but is calculated and 
made public by a relevant successor sponsor or calculation agent (the Successor Sponsor or Successor 
Calculation Agent, as the case may be) acceptable to the Calculation Agent, or 
(b) 
replaced by a successor index using, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially 
similar formula for, and method of, calculation as used in the calculation of that Commodity Index (the “Successor 
Index”); 
then the Commodity Index w ill be deemed to be the index so calculated and made public by the relevant Successor Sponsor 
or Successor Calculation Agent or that Successor Index (as the case may be). 
B. 
If, on or prior to a Valuation Date or a Barrier Date, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the relevant Index Sponsor 
or Index Calculation Agent (as applicable) (or if applicable the Successor Sponsor or Successor Calculation Agent, as the 
case may be): 
(a) 
makes a material change in the formula or calculation method of a Commodity Index or in any other w ay materially 
modifies a Commodity Index (other than a modification prescribed in that formula or method to maintain that 
Commodity Index in the event of changes in commodities comprised in the Commodity Index and capitalisation and 
other routine events). For the avoidance of doubt, and w ithout limitation, any sub-division (split) of the Commodity

--- Page 559 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked Warrants 
 
559 
 
Index or any consolidation (reverse split) of the level of the Commodity Index, or any other event linked to the 
performance or the level of the Commodity Index shall not be considered a routine event; or 
(b) 
fails to calculate and publish the level of the Commodity Index for a continuous period of at least four (4) Commodity 
Business Days before and including that Valuation Date; or 
(c) 
permanently ceases to calculate or cancels a Commodity Index and no Successor Index exists; 
(d) 
each of the events described in paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) above, an “Index Adjustment Event”; 
then the Calculation Agent w ill be entitled to either: 
Y. 
determine the level of that Commodity Index for the relevant Valuation Date or Barrier Date in accordance w ith the formula 
and calculation method for that Commodity Index last in effect prior to that Index B. Adjustment Event (provided that the 
Calculation Agent may, if required in the Calculation Agent’s determination, adapt such formula or calculation method to take  
the Index Adjustment Event into account). The Commodity Index so calculated w ill be used in lieu of the Closing Price made 
public by the Index Sponsor or Index Calculation Agent (as applicable) for the determination of an amount to be paid under 
the Commodity Linked Warrants or to determine w hether a condition, if any, has occurred or not, or 
Z. 
replace the Commodity Index w ith a new  index to the extent possible, representative of the similar type of commodities 
comprised in the Commodity Index and traded on one or more Exchanges. If the Calculation Agent does not make a 
determination in accordance w ith Y above and if in the determination of the Calculation Agent, no index meets the criteria to  
be an appropriate replacement index in accordance w ith Z above, then the Calculation Agent w ill decide to either: 
a. consider such event as an event triggering an early termination of the Commodity Linked Warrants (an Early Termination Event). 
In that case, the Issuer shall terminate its obligations under the Warrants and shall pay or cause to be paid (i) in the case of Commodity 
Linked Warrants that are Cash Settled Warrants, an amount equal to the Early Termination Settlement Amount on the basis of Market 
Value as defined in Condition [5.5]/[5.5] of the General Terms and Conditions or (ii) in the case of Commodity Linked Warrants that 
are Physical Delivery Warrants, subject to payment of the Exercise Price divided, if applicable, by the Parity, the Early Ter mination 
Physical Delivery Amount determined in accordance w ith Condition [5.5]/[5.5] of the General Terms and Conditions; or 
b. apply the Monetisation until the Expiration Date of the Commodity Linked Warrants, as defined in Condition [5.8]/[5.8] of the 
General Terms and Conditions. 
4. 
CHANGE IN LAW, HEDGING DISRUPTION, INCREASED COST OF HEDGING AND CONSEQUENCES 
Change in Law means, w ith respect to Commodity Linked Warrants that have one or more Commodity(ies) or one or more Commodity 
Indice(s) as Underlying(s) that, on or after the first to occur of (a) the Issue Date and (b) the first Valuation Date of the Commodity 
Linked Warrants, due to: 
A. 
the adoption of, enactment, promulgation, execution or ratification of, or any change in, any applicable law  or regulation 
(including w ithout limitation, any Commodity Futures Trading Commission or any law  or regulation in respect of tax, solvency 
or capital requirements) or any regulation, rule or procedure of any exchange or principal trading market on w hich a  
Commodity or any component thereof is traded (together the Applicable Regulation); or 
B. 
the promulgation of, or any change in the published interpretation by official practice of any court, tribunal, regulatory or  
similar authority w ith competent jurisdiction or supervisory duty or exchange, of any Applicable Regulation (including w ithout 
limitation any action taken by a taxing authority), 
the Calculation Agent determines that: 
Y. 
it is or w ill become illegal or contrary to any Applicable Regulation for Societe Generale or any of its affiliates to (a) hold, 
acquire or dispose of any Hedge Position (as defined below ) or (b) maintain the agreement entered into w ith the Issuer in 
relation to the Commodity Linked Warrants or the Underlying(s) of the Warrants or to perform its obligations or exercise its 
rights thereunder; or

--- Page 560 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked Warrants 
 
560 
 
Z. 
Societe Generale or any of its affiliates incurs or there is a substantial likelihood that Societe Generale or any of its aff iliates 
w ill incur increased costs, fees or charges in (a) acquiring, establishing, re-establishing, substituting, maintaining, unw inding 
or disposing of any Hedge Position or (b) maintaining any agreement entered into w ith the Issuer in relation to the Commodity 
Linked Warrants or the Underlying(s) of the Commodity Linked Warrants or performing its obligations thereunder. 
Hedging Disruption means, unless it being specified as “Not applicable” in the applicable Final Terms in respect of  Commodity 
Linked Warrants that have one or more Commodity(ies) or one or more Indice(s) as Underlying(s), that, as determined in good faith 
by the Calculation Agent, Societe Generale or any of its affiliates is unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to either: 
A. 
acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unw ind or dispose of any Hedge Position; or 
B. 
freely realize, recover, receive, repatriate, remit or transfer the proceeds of any Hedge Position or any agreement entered 
into w ith the Issuer in relation to the Commodity Linked Warrants or the Underlying(s) of the Commodity Linked Warrants. 
For the purpose hereof, Hedge Position means (i) one or more positions in or contracts related to commodities, over-the-counter or 
exchange-traded commodity derivative transactions, one or more positions or contracts in securities, options, futures, derivatives, 
interest rate transactions or foreign exchange transactions (ii) securities lending/borrow ing transactions, (iii) any cash deposits or cash 
borrow ing and/or (iv) other instruments, arrangements, assets or liabilities (how soever described) necessary to hedge, individually or 
on a portfolio basis or otherw ise, the risks of Societe Generale or any of its affiliates of (a) issuing and performing any of the obligations 
w ith respect to the Commodity Linked Warrants or (b) entering into and performing the obligations under any agreement entered into 
in relation to the Commodity Linked 
 Warrants or the Underlying(s) of the Commodity Linked Warrants. 
Increased Cost of Hedging means, unless it being specified as “Not Applicable” in the applicable Final Terms in respect of 
Commodity Linked Warrants that have one or more Commodity(ies) or one or more Indice(s) as Underlying(s), that as determined by 
the Calculation Agent, Societe Generale or any of its affiliates w ould incur a materially increased (as compared w ith circumstances 
existing on the date (s) on w hich Societe Generale enters into the Hedge Position in respect of the Commodity Linked Warrants  
amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, 
unw ind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the market risk (including, w ithout limitation, price 
risk, foreign exchange risk and interest rate risk) of entering into and performing its obligations w ith respect to the Commodity Linked 
Warrants or any agreement entered into w ith Societe Generale or any of its affiliates by the Issuer in relation to the Warrants, or (b) 
freely realize, recover or remit the proceeds of the proceeds of its Hedge Positions. 
Upon the occurrence of Change in Law , Hedging Disruption or an Increased Cost of Hedging (the relevant Commodity(ies) as 
Underlying being the Affected Underlying), the Calculation Agent may either: 
a. 
consider such event as an event triggering an early termination of the Commodity Linked Warrants (an Early Termination 
Event). In that case, the Issuer shall terminate its obligations under the Warrants and shall pay or cause to be paid (i) in the 
case of Commodity Linked Warrants that are Cash Settled Warrants, an amount equal to the Early Termination Settlement 
Amount on the basis of Market Value as defined in Condition [5.5]/[5.5] of the General Terms and Conditions or (ii) in the 
case of Commodity Linked Warrants that are Physical Delivery Warrants, subject to payment of the Exercise Price divided, 
if applicable, by the Parity, the Early Termination Physical Delivery Amount determined in accordance w ith Condition 
[5.5]/[5.5] of the General Terms and Conditions; or 
b. 
replace, to the extent possible, the Affected Underlying by a new  underlying w hich is representative of the same economic 
or geographic sector; or 
c. 
apply the Monetisation until the Maturity Date (as defined in Condition [5.8]/[5.8] of the General Terms and Conditions); 
or, 
d. 
but only in the case of Increased Cost of Hedging (and provided that the Commodity Linked Warrants are not Commodity 
Linked Warrants listed on the Italian Stock Exchange (Borsa Italiana S.p.A.)), deduct :

--- Page 561 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked Warrants 
 
561 
 
(i) 
in the case of Structured Warrants that are Cash Settled Warrants, deduct (a) from the Optional Early Settlement 
Amount, Event-linked Early Settlement Amount, Early Trigger Level Settlement Amount or the Early Termination 
Settlement Amount (if any) due under the Structured Warrants, as the case may be, on the payment date of the 
Optional Early Settlement Amount, Event-linked Early Settlement Amount, Early Trigger Level Settlement Amount 
or Early Termination Settlement Amount (if any) and (b) in the absence of any Optional Early Settlement Amount, 
Event-linked Early Settlement Amount, Early Trigger Level Settlement Amount or Early Termination Settlement 
Amount in respect of the Structured Warrants, from the Cash Settlement Amount due on the Settlement Date, in 
each case after the occurrence of the Increased Cost of Hedging, the amount of any new , or any increase of, any 
tax, duty, expense or fee, that triggered the occurrence of the Increased Cost of Hedging incurred by Societe 
Generale or any of its affiliates in relation to the Hedge Positions hedging the payment obligations of the Issuer 
under the Structured Warrants, such amount to be apportioned pro rata amongst the outstanding Warrants (such 
reduction being the Reduction Amount and the result of such deduction being floored at zero); or 
(ii) 
in the case of Structured Warrants that are Physical Delivery Warrants, any Physical Delivery Amount, Event-Linked 
Early Settlement Price, Early Termination Physical Delivery Amount or Early Trigger Level Physical Delivery 
Amount w hich is calculated in connection w ith the Structured Warrants shall be reduced by the Reduction Amount 
(subject to a floor of zero).

--- Page 562 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked Warrants 
 
562 
 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED WARRANTS 
The provisions of these Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked Warrants apply if the applicable Final Terms specify that 
the clause "Type of Structured Warrants" is stated as being "Fund Linked Warrants". 
References in these Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked Warrants to a "Condition" or "these Additional Terms and 
Conditions" shall be construed as a reference to the relevant conditions in these Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked 
Warrants unless otherw ise specified herein. 
For the purpose of the Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked Warrants the follow ing terms in Condition 5.8.3 shall be 
amended as follow s: 
 
Hedge Positions as used in Condition 5.8.3 means Hypothetical Hedge Positions; 
 
Optional Hedge Positions as used in Condition 5.8.3 means Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions. 
1. 
GENERAL DEFINITIONS 
Adjusted Calculation Amount means (a) in respect of the first Compounding Period of a Calculation Period, the Calculation 
Amount for that Calculation Period and (b) in respect of any succeeding Compounding Period in that Calculation Period, an 
amount equal to the sum of the Calculation Amount for that Calculation Period and the Compounding Period Amounts for 
each of the previous Compounding Periods in that Calculation Period; 
Adjusted Settlement Date means, the date w hich is the earliest of (a) the 20th Business Day follow ing the occurrence of 
the Full Liquidation Date and (b) the Postponed Settlement Date. 
Adjusted Early Settlement Date means, the date w hich the earlier of (a) the 20th Business Day follow ing the occurrence 
of the Optional Full Liquidation Date and (b) the Settlement Date. 
Applicable Method means, in respect of a Valuation Date, either Calculation Method, Execution Method/Subscription, 
Execution Method/Redemption, Order Method/Subscription or Order Method/Redemption. If in respect of the first Valuation 
Date to occur on or immediately follow ing the Issue Date of the Warrants (the First Valuation Date), no Applicable Method 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms, Order Method/Subscription shall be deemed to be the Applicable Method. If in 
respect of any Valuation Date w hich is not the First Valuation Date, no Applicable Method is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, Order Method/Redemption shall be deemed to be the Applicable Method. 
Associated Costs means an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in its reasonable discretion equal to the sum of 
(w ithout duplication) all costs (including, w ithout limitation, cost of funding), losses, expenses, tax and duties incurred by a 
Hypothetical Investor in connection w ith the termination, liquidation or re-establishment of the Hypothetical Hedge Positions, 
such amount to be apportioned pro rata amongst the outstanding Warrants. 
Basket means, a basket composed of Funds (each an Underlying) in the relative proportions or numbers of Funds specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
Closing Price means, in respect of any Fund (and in each case as determined by the Calculation Agent): 
A. 
Where Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms, in respect of a Valuation Date, the official 
net asset value per Fund Unit determined by the Fund (or the Fund Service Provider that generally determines such 
value) dated as of such Valuation Date; or 
B. 
Where Execution Method/Subscription is specified in the applicable Final Terms, in respect of a Valuation Date, 
the aggregate amount per Fund Unit including all costs or fees (if any) that w ould be paid (either on a single date 
or over a period of time) by a Hypothetical Investor in Fund Units pursuant to a Valid Order for the subscription of 
Fund Unit(s) scheduled to be executed on the official net asset value per Fund Unit determined by the Fund (or the 
Fund Service Provider that generally determines such value) dated as of such Valuation Date; or

--- Page 563 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked Warrants 
 
563 
 
C. 
Where Execution Method/Redemption is specified in the applicable Final Terms, in respect of a Valuation Date, 
the aggregate amount per Fund Unit net of all costs or fees (if any) that w ould be received in cash (either on a 
single date or over a period of time) by a Hypothetical Investor in Fund Units pursuant to a Valid Order for the 
redemption of Fund Unit(s), scheduled to be executed on the official net asset value per Fund Unit determined by 
the Fund (or the Fund Service Provider that generally determines such value) dated as of such Valuation Date; or 
D. 
Where Order Method/Subscription is specified in the applicable Final Terms, in respect of a Valuation Date, the 
aggregate amount per Fund Unit including all costs or fees (if any) that w ould be paid (either on a single date or 
over a period of time) by a Hypothetical Investor in Fund Units pursuant to a Valid Order for the subscription of 
Fund Unit(s) submitted to and accepted by the Fund on such Valuation Date; or 
E. 
Where Order Method/Redemption is specified in the applicable Final Terms, in respect of a Valuation Date, the 
aggregate amount per Fund Unit net of all costs or fees (if any), that w ould be received in cash (either on a single 
date or over a period of time) by a Hypothetical Investor in Fund Units pursuant to a Valid Order for the redemption 
of Fund Unit(s) submitted to and accepted by the Fund on such Valuation Date. 
Compounding Date means, in respect of a Calculation Period, each Business Day of such Calculation Period; 
Compounding Method means that the amount of interest shall be equal to the sum of the Compounding Period Amounts 
for each Compounding Period in the related Calculation Period, Compounding Period means, in respect of a Calculation 
Period, each period from and including a Compounding Date to but excluding the immediately follow ing Compounding Date 
during that Calculation Period; 
Compounding Period Amount means, in respect of a Compounding Period, the product of (a) the Adjusted Calculation 
Amount, (b) the Compounding Rate and (c) the Day Count Fraction; 
Compounding Rate means, in respect of a Compounding Period Amount, the interbank overnight rate in the Settlement 
Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent on the first day of the relevant Compounding Period; the specific 
Compounding Rate used in respect of a Settlement Currency shall be available at the office of the Calculation Agent from 
the first day of a Calculation Period; and Day Count Fraction means, for the purposes of Compounding Method, the exact 
number of days in a Compounding Period (the first included and the last excluded), divided by 360. 
Full Liquidation Date means, in respect of the Expiration Date, the date on w hich the liquidation proceeds of the 
Hypothetical Hedge Positions (including inter alia by satisfying any obligations or liabilities in place w ith respect to or part of 
such Hypothetical Hedge Positions, if any, w ith the liquidation proceeds of the assets of such Hypothetical Hedge Positions) 
are deemed, as determined by the Calculation Agent, to be fully received by the Hypothetical Investor. 
Fund means, the fund or the pooled investment vehicle as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Fund Business Day means, in respect of the Fund (or, in the case of a Basket of Funds, in respect of each Fund observed 
separately), any date on w hich a Valid Order can be submitted by a Hypothetical Investor pursuant to the Fund Documents 
prevailing on the Issue Date of the Warrants. 
Fund Valuation Day means, in respect of the Fund (or, in the case of a Basket of Funds, in respect of each Fund observed 
separately), any date as defined in the Fund Documents prevailing on the Issue Date of the Warrants in respect of w hich the 
official net asset value of such Fund is dated as of such date in accordance w ith its Fund Documents. 
Fund Documents means, in respect of any Fund, the constitutive and governing documents, subscription agreements and 
other agreements of the Fund specifying the terms and conditions relating to such Fund. 
Fund Service Provider means, in respect of any Fund, any person w ho is appointed to provide services, directly or indirectly, 
for that Fund, w hether or not specified in the Fund Documents, including any fund investment adviser, fund administrator, 
manager, any person appointed in the role of discretionary investment manager or non-discretionary investment adviser 
(including a non-discretionary investment adviser to a discretionary manager or another non-discretionary investment 
adviser) for such Fund (the Fund Adviser), trustee or similar person w ith the primary administrative responsibilities for such

--- Page 564 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked Warrants 
 
564 
 
Fund, operator, management company, depository, custodian, sub-custodian, prime broker, registrar and transfer agent or 
domiciliary agent. 
Fund Unit means, in respect of any Fund, a share of such Fund or, if interests in such Fund are not denominated as shares, 
a unit of account of ow nership in such Fund. 
Hedge Positions has the meaning given to it in the General Terms and Conditions. 
Hypothetical Hedge Positions means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance, by a Hypothetical Investor, of one or 
more (a) positions or contracts in Fund Units, options, futures, derivatives, interest rate transactions or foreign exchange 
transactions, (b) securities lending/borrow ing transactions, (c) cash deposits or cash borrow ings and/or (d) other instruments, 
arrangements, assets or liabilities how soever described, in order to hedge individually or on a portfolio basis, the part of the 
Issuer’s obligations under the Warrants linked to or indexed to the relevant Fund Unit due on the Settlement Date apportioned  
pro rata to each outstanding Warrant provided that, if the Intermediate Full Liquidation Date and/or the Optional Full 
Liquidation Date has not occurred on or before the fourth Business Day preceding the Settlement Date, then Hypothetical 
Hedge Positions w ill include the Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions, provided further that, all references to the w ord 
"fourth" above may be deemed to be a reference to another time limit as determined by the Calculation Agent pursuant to 
rules applicable to the relevant Clearing System. 
Hypothetical Investor means, w ith respect to the Hypothetical Hedge Positions, a hypothetical investor in such Hypothetical 
Hedge Positions (including the Fund Units), located in France (w hich for the avoidance of doubt may be Societe Generale 
or any of its affiliates), and deemed, in respect of the Hypothetical Hedge Positions constituted by the Fund Units, to have 
(a) the benefits and obligations, as provided under the Fund Documents, of an investor holding Fund Units; (b) in the case 
of any deemed redemption of such Fund, to have submitted a Valid Order requesting redemption of Fund Units; and (c) in 
the case of any deemed investment in such Fund, to have submitted a Valid Order requesting subscription of Fund Units. 
Optional Early Settlement Amount means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms of the relevant 
Warrants. 
Optional Early Settlement Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms of the relevant Warrants. 
Optional Early Settlement Cut-Off Date means, w ith respect to an Optional Early Settlement Date, the Business Day 
preceding such Optional Early Settlement Date by a number of Business Days or calendar days equal to the number of 
Business Days or calendar days of the notice period (as specified in the applicable Final Terms). 
Optional Full Liquidation Date means, in respect of an Optional Early Settlement Date, the date on w hich the liquidation 
proceeds of the Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions (including inter alia by satisfying any obligations or liabilities in place 
w ith respect to or part of such Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions, if any, w ith the liquidation proceeds of the assets of 
such Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions) are deemed, as determined by the Calculation Agent, to be fully received by 
the Hypothetical Investor. 
Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance, by a Hypothetical Investor, 
of one or more (a) positions or contracts in Fund Units, options, futures, derivatives, interest rate transactions or foreign 
exchange transactions, (b) securities lending/borrow ing transactions, (c) cash deposits or cash borrow ings and/or (d) other 
instruments, arrangements, assets or liabilities how soever described, in order to hedge individually or on a portfolio basis, 
the part of the Issuer’s obligations under the Warrants linked to or indexed to the relevant Fund Unit due on an Optional Early 
Settlement Date, apportioned pro rata to each outstanding Warrant. 
Postponed Settlement Date means, if a Settlement Disruption Event occurs, the date that falls on the second anniversary 
date of the Settlement Date or if such day is not a Business Day, the immediately follow ing Business Day. 
Relevant Spot Exchange Rate means as defined in Condition 5.8.3 of the General Terms and Conditions of the Warrants. 
Settlement Disruption Event means, that an Optional Full Liquidation Date and/or the Full Liquidation Date has not 
occurred on or before the fourth Business Day preceding the Settlement Date, provided however that all references to the

--- Page 565 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked Warrants 
 
565 
 
w ord "fourth" above may be deemed to be a reference to another time limit as determined by the Calculation Agent pursuant 
to rules applicable to the relevant Clearing System. 
Valid Order means, a valid and timely subscription or redemption order sent to the Fund or the Fund Service Provider that 
generally accepts such order, in accordance w ith the subscription or redemption notice period and the relevant cut off time 
as set forth in the Fund Documents. 
Valuation Date means, in respect of the Fund (or, in the case of a Basket of Funds, in respect of each Fund observed 
separately), each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or if, for a Fund, such date is not a Fund Business 
Day or a Fund Valuation Day (as the case may be), the next follow ing Fund Business Day or Fund Valuation Day for such 
Fund (the Scheduled Valuation Date), unless such day is a Disrupted Day in w hich case the Valuation Date shall be 
determined in accordance w ith the provisions of Condition 2.3 below . Any Initial Valuation Date, Final Valuation Date, annual 
Valuation Date, quarterly Valuation Date, monthly Valuation Date or w eekly Valuation Date specified in the applicable Final 
Terms shall be deemed to be a Valuation Date for the purposes of these Additional Terms and Conditions. 
2. 
ADJUSTMENTS, 
EXTRAORDINARY 
EVENTS 
AND 
CONSEQUENCES 
– 
DISRUPTION 
EVENTS 
AND 
CONSEQUENCES – CONSEQUENCES OF A SETTLEMENT DISRUPTION EVENT 
2.1 
Adjustments 
In the case of the occurrence at any time on or after the Issue Date of any event affecting a Fund or the value of the relevant 
Fund Units including, w ithout limitation: 
A. 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of the relevant number of Fund Units, or a free distribution or dividend 
of any such Fund Units to existing holders by w ay of bonus, capitalisation or similar issue; 
B. 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of the relevant Fund Units of (a) an additional quantity of such 
Fund Unit, or (b) other share capital or securities granting the right to payment of dividends and/or the proceeds of 
liquidation of the Fund equally or proportionately w ith such payments to holders of such Fund Units, or (c) share 
capital or other securities of another issuer acquired or ow ned (directly or indirectly) by the Fund as a result of a 
spin-off or other similar transaction, or (d) any other type of securities, rights or w arrants or other assets, in any 
case for payment (cash or other consideration) at less than the prevailing market price as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; 
C. 
an extraordinary dividend; 
D. 
a repurchase by the Fund of relevant Fund Units w hether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, securities 
or otherw ise, other than in respect of a redemption of Fund Units initiated by an investor in such Fund Units that is 
consistent w ith the Fund Documents; or 
E. 
any other event that may have a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant Fund Units 
or quantity of Fund Units; 
the Calculation Agent may adjust any relevant terms of the Warrants to preserve the economic equivalent of the obligations 
of the Issuer under the Warrants. 
2.2 
Extraordinary Events and consequences 
Upon the occurrence or, unless the Applicable Final Terms specify that “Fund Linked Warrant_ Events2” applies, likely 
occurrence, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of any of the follow ing events (each an Extraordinary Event) on or 
after the Issue Date: 
A. 
Change in Law:  
(i) If “Fund Linked Warrants_Events2” is set as applicable in the Applicable Final Terms : means that (a) due to the 
adoption of or any change in any applicable law  or regulation (including, w ithout limitation, any law  or regulation in

--- Page 566 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked Warrants 
 
566 
 
respect of tax, solvency or capital requirements), or (b) due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation 
by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority w ith competent jurisdiction of any applicable law  or regulation (including 
any action taken by a taxing authority), the Calculation Agent determines in good faith that it has become illegal to 
maintain the agreement entered into by Société Générale or any of its affiliates w ith the Fund or a Fund Service 
Provider mentioned in "Breach or Termination of Agreement" in (B) below ;  
(iii) Otherw ise means, that: (a) due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law  or regulation (including 
w ithout limitation, any law  or regulation in respect of tax, solvency or capital requirements), or (b) due to the 
promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority w ith competent 
jurisdiction of any applicable law  or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), the Calculation 
Agent determines in good faith that (x) it has become illegal for a Hypothetical Investor to hold, acquire or dispose 
of the Hypothetical Hedge Positions or Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions (including the relevant Fund Units) 
or it has become illegal to maintain the agreement entered into by Societe Generale or any of its affiliates w ith the 
Fund or a Fund Service Provider mentioned in "Breach or Termination of Agreement" in (B) below , or (y) Societe 
Generale or any of its affiliates w ill incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations under such 
Warrants or the agreement entered into by Societe Generale or any of its affiliates or the Issuer of the Warrants 
w ith the Fund or the Fund Service Provider mentioned in "Breach or Termination of Agreement" in (B) below  
(including, w ithout limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on 
its tax position); 
B. 
Breach or Termination of Agreement means any failure by the Fund or a Fund Service Provider, as the case 
may be, to comply w ith or perform any agreement entered into by the Fund or a Fund Service Provider w ith Societe 
Generale or any of its affiliates, defining the terms and conditions at w hich Societe Generale or any of its affiliates 
may make subscriptions and/or redemptions in the Fund Units (as the case may be, different from the subscriptions 
and redemptions terms then prevailing pursuant to the Fund Documents), including as the case may be the rebates 
of management fees to be paid to Societe Generale or any of its affiliates, the termination of such agreement by 
the Fund or a Fund Service Provider for reasons beyond the control of Societe Generale or its affiliates or the failing 
or ceasing of such agreement to be in full force and effect or the Fund or the Fund Service Provider disaffirms, 
disclaims, repudiates or rejects in w hole or in part or challenges the validity of such agreement; 
C. 
Closure of the Fund means liquidation, w inding up or dissolution of the Fund for any reason other than those 
mentioned in (F) or (K) below ; 
D. 
Fund Adviser Event means, unless the Applicable Final Terms specify that “Fund Linked Warrants_Events2” 
applies (in w hich case Fund Adviser Event is not applicable), that the Calculation Agent determines that over a 
period of tw elve months, the total value of the assets managed by the Fund Adviser (including the Fund) has 
decreased by 50 per cent.(either due to redemptions or decrease in value of such assets); 
E. 
Fund Hedging Disruption means, unless the Applicable Final Terms specify that “Fund Linked Warrants_Events2
” applies (in w hich case Fund Hedging Disruption is not applicable), that a Hypothetical Investor is unable or it is 
impractical for a Hypothetical Investor, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, 
re-establish, substitute, maintain, unw ind or dispose of any Hypothetical Hedge Positions or Optional Hypothetical 
Hedge Positions or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such Hypothetical Hedge Positions, w ithout 
limitation, w here such inability or impracticability has arisen by reason of (i) the transfer of all illiquid assets of the 
Fund being all or part of the Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions to a dedicated fund, account or structure pending 
the liquidation of such assets for the benefit of existing holders of the Fund Units (side pocket), (ii) the restriction on 
the amount or number of redemptions or subscriptions that the Fund (or the Fund Service Provider generally in 
charge of accepting the redemption or subscriptions orders) w ill accept in relation to a single date on w hich the 
Fund normally accepts redemption orders (a gate), (iii) the suspension for any reason of the subscription or 
redemption orders by the Fund (or the Fund Service Provider generally in charge of accepting the subscription and 
redemption orders), or (iv) the postponement of the payment of the balance of redemption proceeds to a date 
occurring after the financial statements of the Fund have been review ed by the Fund's statutory auditors (holdback), 
or increase in charges or fees imposed by the relevant Fund or (v) any mandatory redemption, in w hole or in part, 
of such Fund Unit imposed by the relevant Fund, in each case w hether these events are imposed by the Fund

--- Page 567 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked Warrants 
 
567 
 
w ithout being envisaged in the Fund Documents on the Issue Date of the Warrants or are already envisaged by the 
Fund Documents on the Issue Date of the Warrants and are solely implemented by the Fund after such date; 
F. 
Fund Insolvency Event means, in respect of any Fund Unit, that the related Fund (a) is dissolved or has a 
resolution passed for its dissolution, w inding-up, official liquidation (other than pursuant to a consolidation, 
amalgamation or merger); (b) makes a general assignment or arrangement w ith or for the benefit of its creditors, 
(c) (i) institutes or has instituted against it, by a regulator, supervisor or any similar official w ith primary insolvency, 
rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or the jurisdiction 
of its head or home office, a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under 
any bankruptcy or insolvency law  or other similar law  affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its  
w inding-up or liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official, or (ii) has instituted against it a 
proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency 
law  or other similar law  affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its w inding-up or liquidation, and such 
proceeding or petition is instituted or presented by a person or entity not described in clause (i) above and either 
(x) results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the making of an order for 
its w inding-up or liquidation or (y) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case w ithin fifteen days 
of the institution or presentation thereof; (d) seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, 
provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or substantiall y 
all its assets; (e) has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, execution, 
attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or substantially all of its 
assets and such secured party maintains possession, or any such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or 
restrained, in each case w ithin fifteen days thereafter; or (f) causes or is subject to any event w ith respect to it 
w hich, under the applicable law s of any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in clauses 
(a) through (e) above; 
G. 
Fund Modification means any change or modification of the related Fund Documents prevailing on the Issue Date 
of the Warrants, that could reasonably be expected to affect the value of such Fund Unit or the rights or remedies 
of any holders thereof (including but not limited to an open-ended fund that becomes a closed-end fund), as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; 
H. 
Fund Service Provider Event: 
(i) If “Fund Linked Warrants_Events2” is set as applicable in the Applicable Final Terms, means (a) a change, 
resignation, termination or replacement of any Fund Service Provider, (b) a change of control or indirect control of 
any Fund Service Provider, (c) any of the Fund Service Provider is subject to a Fund Service Provider Insolvency 
Event, w here "Fund Service Provider Insolvency Event" has the same meaning as Fund Insolvency Event 
described in (F) above, except that Fund is replaced by Fund Service Provider or the resignation, termination, 
replacement, or death of any person deemed to be key in the management of the Fund has occurred;  
(ii) Otherw ise means (a) a change, resignation, termination or replacement of any Fund Service Provider, (b) a 
change of control or indirect control of any Fund Service Provider, (c) any of the Fund Service Provider is subject 
to a Fund Service Provider Insolvency Event, w here "Fund Service Provider Insolvency Event" has the same 
meaning as Fund Insolvency Event described in (F) above, except that Fund is replaced by Fund Service Provider 
or (d) in the reasonable opinion of the Calculation Agent, any of the Fund Service Providers is no longer deemed 
able to carry out its business w ith the standard of care w hich w as prevailing on the Issue Date or the resignation, 
termination, replacement, or death of any person deemed to be key in the management of the Fund has occurred; 
I. 
Holding Limit Event has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants. 
J. 
Holding Ratio: 
(i) If “Fund Linked Warrants_Events2” is set as applicable in the Applicable Final Terms, means the reduction of 
the Fund’s aggregate net asset value under an amount that has a significant effect on the management conditions 
of the Fund or its operating expenses or w ould increase the proportion of Fund Units held by a Hypothetical Investor,

--- Page 568 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked Warrants 
 
568 
 
or any funds managed by Societe Generale or any of its affiliates, to such extent that the full redemption in one 
single Valid Order of the Fund Units held by a Hypothetical Investor or funds managed by the same, is impaired; 
(ii) Otherw ise means the reduction of the Fund's aggregate net asset value under an amount that, in the reasonable 
opinion of the Calculation Agent, has, or is likely to have, a significant effect on the management conditions of the 
Fund or its operating expenses or w ould increase the proportion of Fund Units held, or likely to be held, by a 
Hypothetical Investor, or any funds managed by Societe Generale or any of its affiliates, to such extent that the full 
redemption in one single Valid Order of the Fund Units held by a Hypothetical Investor or funds managed by the 
same, is likely to be impaired; 
K. 
Increased Cost of Hedging means, 
unless the Applicable Final 
Terms 
specify that “Fund Linked 
Warrants_Events2” applies (in w hich case Increased Cost of Hedging is not applicable), that a Hypothetical Investor 
w ould incur a materially increased (as compared w ith circumstances existing on the Issue Date of the Warrants) 
amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, 
substitute, maintain, unw ind or dispose of any Hypothetical Hedge Positions or Optional Hypothetical Hedge 
Positions or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such Hypothetical Hedge Positions or Optional 
Hypothetical Hedge Positions, provided that, assuming the Hypothetical Investor is Societe Generale or any of its 
affiliates, any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the 
creditw orthiness of the Societe Generale or any of its affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging;  
L. 
Insolvency means that by reason of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, insolvency, dissolution or 
w inding-up of or any analogous proceeding affecting a Fund, (a) all the Fund Units of that Fund are required to be 
transferred to a trustee, liquidator or other similar official or (b) holders of the Fund Units of that Fund become legally 
prohibited from transferring or redeeming them; 
M. 
Liquidity Modification means that the Fund modifies the terms and conditions at w hich subscription and/or 
redemption orders can be submitted or are settled by the Fund as provided in the Fund Documents as of the Issue 
Date of the Warrants or implements a modification of the conditions at w hich subscription and/or redemption orders 
can be submitted or are settled by the Fund regardless as to w hether the principle of such modification w as already 
envisaged in the Fund Documents as of the Issue Date of the Warrants; 
N. 
Merger Event means the conversion of the Fund Unit into another class of fund units or securities, or the split of 
the Fund, its consolidation or its merger w ith, or its sale or its conveyance of all or substantially all its assets to, a 
third party; 
O. 
Nationalisation means that all the Fund Units or all or substantially all the assets of a Fund are nationalised, 
expropriated or are otherw ise required to be transferred to any governmental agency, authority, entity or 
instrumentality thereof; 
P. 
Regulatory Action: 
(i) If “Fund Linked Warrants_Events2” is set as applicable in the Applicable Final Terms, means w ith respect to any 
Fund Unit, (a) cancellation, suspension or revocation of the registration or approval of such Fund Unit or the related 
Fund by any governmental, legal or regulatory entity w ith authority over such Fund Unit or Fund, (b) any change in 
the legal, tax, accounting, or regulatory treatments of the relevant Fund or its Fund Service Provider that has an 
adverse impact on the value of such Fund Unit or on any investor therein (as determined by the Calculation Agent), 
or (c) the related Fund or any of its Fund Service Provider becoming subject to any investigation, proceeding or 
litigation by any relevant governmental, legal or regulatory authority involving the alleged violation of applicable law  
for any activities relating to or resulting from the operation of such Fund or Fund Service Provider; 
(ii) Otherw ise means, w ith respect to any Fund Unit, (a) cancellation, suspension or revocation of the registration 
or approval of such Fund Unit or the related Fund by any governmental, legal or regulatory entity w ith authority over 
such Fund Unit or Fund, (b) any change in the legal, tax, accounting, or regulatory treatments of the relevant Fund 
or its Fund Service Provider that is reasonably likely to have an adverse impact on the value of such Fund Unit or 
on any investor therein (as determined by the Calculation Agent), or (c) the related Fund or any of its Fund Service

--- Page 569 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked Warrants 
 
569 
 
Provider becoming subject to any investigation, proceeding or litigation by any relevant governmental, legal or 
regulatory authority involving the alleged violation of applicable law  for any activities relating to or resulting from the 
operation of such Fund or Fund Service Provider; 
Q. 
Reporting Disruption means, in respect of any Fund Unit, any failure of the related Fund to deliver, or cause to 
be delivered, (a) information that such Fund has agreed to deliver, or cause to be delivered to a Hypothetical 
Investor or (b) information that has been previously delivered to a Hypothetical Investor in accordance w ith such 
Fund, or its authorised representative's, normal practice and that the Calculation Agent deems necessary to monitor 
such Fund's compliance w ith any investment guidelines, asset allocation methodologies or any other similar policies 
relating to such Fund Units; 
R. 
Strategy Breach: 
(i) If “Fund Linked Warrants_Events2” is set as applicable in the Applicable Final Terms, means a) any breach or 
violation of any strategy or investment guidelines stated in the related Fund Documents, that affects the value of 
the Fund Units or the rights or remedies of any holders thereof, in each case, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent or (b) any material modification, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of the risk profile of the Fund from 
its risk profile prevailing on the Issue Date of the Notes by reason of, but not limited to, the modification of the 
proportions, or reduction of diversification, of the type of assets in w hich the Fund invests or a reduction of the 
average liquidity of the assets of the Fund; 
(ii) Otherw ise means (a) any breach or violation of any strategy or investment guidelines stated in the related Fund 
Documents, that is reasonably likely to affect the value of the Fund Units or the rights or remedies of any holders 
thereof, in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent or (b) any material modification, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent, of the risk profile of the Fund from its risk profile prevailing on the Issue Date of the Warrants 
by reason of, but not limited to, the modification of the proportions, or reduction of diversification, of the type of 
assets in w hich the Fund invests or a reduction of the average liquidity of the assets of the Fund; 
S 
FRTB Event means in respect of any Fund Unit that, from 1 January 2023, the related Fund or the relevant Fun d 
Service Provider (a) does not make publicly available on a voluntary basis or as the case may be, as required by 
applicable law s and regulations, the FRTB Information and (b) in breach of a bilateral agreement w ith Societe 
Generale, if any, does not provide Societe Generale w ith the FRTB Information and as a consequence, Societe 
Generale or any of its affiliates w ould incur materially increased (as compared w ith circumstances existing on the 
issue date of the Warrants) capital requirements pursuant to the Fundamental Review  of the trading Book as 
implemented into French law , in holding the Fund Unit, 
w here FRTB Information means sufficient information, including relevant risk sensitivities data, in a processable format to 
enable Societe Generale, as a holder the Fund Unit, to calculate its market risk in relation thereto as if it w ere holding directly 
the assets of the Fund; "processable format" means that the format of such information can be readily used by Societe 
Generale by using the existing functionality of a softw are or application commonly used by financial institutions to compute 
its market risk as described above, 
then the Calculation Agent may: 
V. 
(i) consider such Extraordinary Event as an event triggering an early termination of the Warrants (hereafter, an 
Early Termination Event). In that case, the Issuer shall terminate its obligations under the Warrants and pay or 
deliver, as the case may be, as soon as possible after the Early Termination Event, (in the case of Cash Settled 
Warrants) an amount equal to the Early Termination Settlement Amount on the basis of Market Value as defined in 
Condition [5.5]/[5.5] of the General Terms and Conditions or (in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants), subject to 
payment of the Exercise Price divided, if applicable, by the Parity, the Early Termination Physical Delivery Amount 
determined in accordance w ith Condition [5.5]/[5.5] of the General Terms and Conditions; or 
 
(ii) only in case of Liquidity Modification, (a) consider such event as an Early Termination Event and may decide to 
pay, in full or in part, the Early Termination Settlement Amount by the delivery of the Fund Units in lieu of its 
obligations to pay the Early Termination Settlement Amount in cash; or (b) if Liquidity Modification is continuing on 
the last Valuation Date and the Calculation Agent did not consider such event as an Early Termination Event may

--- Page 570 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked Warrants 
 
570 
 
decide to pay, in full or in part, the Settlement Amount by the delivery of the Fund Units in lieu of its obligations to 
pay the Settlement Amount in cash; or 
W. 
in the case of (N) above only, replace the Fund Unit by the kind and number of units or other securities and property 
receivable on such conversion, split, consolidation, merger, sale or conveyance by a holder of Fund Units prior to 
such conversion, split, consolidation, merger, sale or conveyance for the purposes of determining the value of the 
Fund Unit and make any adjustment (if necessary) to the value of such Fund Unit; or 
X. 
apply any of the follow ing methods: 
(a) 
Substitution and the Calculation Agent shall (i) identify a fund (the Substitute Fund) having an investment strategy 
similar to the investment strategy of the Fund affected by the Extraordinary Event (the Affected Fund) and (ii) may 
adjust any relevant terms of the Warrants to preserve the economic equivalent of the obligations of the Issuer under 
the Warrants. 
 
For information purposes, it is understood that in all cases described herein w here a Fund is substituted, on any 
date "t", w ith a Substitute Fund, the value of the relevant component in the formula used to determine the amount 
to be paid as described in the applicable Final Terms, shall not be affected by the substitution on such date "t" in 
respect of the Substitute Fund and w ould mean the closing price of such Substitute Fund on the relevant Exchange 
on the date "t" is w eighted by an appropriate linking coefficient so that it is equal to the closing price of the Affected 
ETF on such date "t", or 
(b) 
Postponement to the Adjusted Payment Date (as defined below ), or 
(c) 
Monetisation to the Expiration Date (as defined below ), or 
or, but only in the case of Increased Cost of Hedging (and provided that the Warrants are not listed on the Italian Stock 
Exchange (Borsa Italiana S.p.A.)): 
Y. 
in the case of Cash Settled Warrants, deduct (a) from the Optional Early Settlement Amount, Event-linked Early 
Settlement Amount, Early Trigger Level Settlement Amount or the Early Termination Settlement Amount (if any) 
due under the Warrants, as the case may be, on the payment date of the Optional Early Settlement Amount, 
Event-linked Early Settlement Amount, Early Trigger Level Settlement Amount or Early Termination Settlement  
Amount (if any) and (b) in the absence of any Optional Early Settlement Amount, Event-linked Early Settlement 
Amount, Early Trigger Level Settlement Amount or Early Termination Settlement Amount in respect of the Warrants, 
from the Cash Settlement Amount due on the Settlement Date, in each case after the occurrence of the Increased 
Cost of Hedging, the amount of any new , or any increase of, any tax, duty, expense or fee, that triggered the 
occurrence of the Increased Cost of Hedging incurred by Societe Generale or any of its affiliates in relation to the 
Hypothetical Hedge Positions hedging the payment obligations of the Issuer under the Warrants, such amount to 
be apportioned pro rata amongst the outstanding Warrants (such reduction being the Reduction Amount and the 
result of such deduction being floored at zero); 
Z. 
in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants, any Physical Delivery Amount, Event-Linked Early Settlement Price, 
Early Termination Physical Delivery Amount or Early Trigger Level Physical Delivery Amount w hich is calculated in 
connection w ith the Warrants shall be reduced by the Reduction Amount (subject to a floor of zero); or 
AA. 
only in case of an FRTB Event, substitute the Affected Fund w ith the Substitute Index (an Index Substitution 
Event), w here Substitute Index means an Index determined by the Calculation Agent as being similar to 
thebenchmark of the Affected Fund, or, in the absence of benchmark for the Affected Fund, as having an investment 
strategy similar to the investment strategy of the Affected Fund. Follow ing the occurrence of the Index Substitution 
Event, the Warrants shall be governed by the Additional Terms and Conditions for Index Linked Warrants for any 
aspect in relation w ith the Substitute Index.

--- Page 571 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked Warrants 
 
571 
 
2.3 
Disruption Events and consequences 
Upon the occurrence or unless the Applicable Final Terms specify that “Fund Linked Warrants_Events2” applies, the likely occurrence, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent, of any of the follow ing events (each a Disruption Event) in respect of a Valuation Date or 
an Averaging Date (the Disrupted Day) and a Fund or Fund Unit (the Affected Fund): 
A. 
Calculation and/or Publication Disruption means the occurrence of an event, beyond the control of a 
Hypothetical Investor (including in case of any gate, deferral, suspension or other provisions in the Fund Documents 
permitting the Fund to delay or refuse subscription and/or redemption orders) w hich precludes the calculation and/or 
publication of the official net asset value per Fund Unit by the Fund (or the Fund Service Provider generally in 
charge of calculating such official net asset value); or 
B. 
Fund Settlement Disruption means a failure by the Fund to pay in cash the full amount of the redemption proceeds 
on the date by w hich the Fund w as scheduled to have paid such amount and w hich, in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, makes it impossible or impracticable for the Calculation Agent to determine the Closing Price, 
including w ithout limitation due to (a) the transfer of all illiquid assets of such Fund to a dedicated fund, account or 
structure pending the liquidation of such assets for the benefit of existing holders of the Fund Units (side pocket), 
(b) the restriction on the amount or number of redemptions orders that the Fund (or the Fund Service Provider 
generally in charge of accepting redemption orders) w ill accept in relation to a single date on w hich the Fund 
normally accepts redemption orders (a gate), (c) the suspension for any reason of the subscription or redemption 
orders by the Fund (or the Fund Service Provider generally in charge of accepting subscription and redemption 
orders), or (d) the postponement of the payment of the balance of redemption proceeds to a date occurring after 
the financial statements of the Fund have been review ed by the Fund's statutory auditors (holdback), in each case 
w hether these events are imposed by the Fund w ithout being envisaged in the Fund Documents on the Issue Date 
of the Warrants or are already envisaged by the Fund Documents on the Issue Date of the Warrants and are solely 
implemented by the Fund after such date; or 
C. 
NAV Determination Disruption Event means the occurrence of any event (beyond the control of a Hypothetical 
Investor) other than the events mentioned in "Calculation and/or Publication Disruption " in (A) above or "Fund 
Settlement Disruption " in (B) above affecting such Fund w hich, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, makes 
it impossible or impracticable for the Calculation Agent to determine the Closing Price, 
the Valuation Date or the Averaging Date (the Scheduled Valuation Date and the Scheduled Averaging Date respectively) 
in respect of the Affected Fund, shall be postponed to the immediately follow ing Fund Business Day or Fund Valuation Day 
(as specified in relation to such Valuation Date or Averaging Date in the applicable Final Terms) that is no longer affected 
by a Disruption Event for such Affected Fund. 
If a Disruption Event has occurred or is continuing on each of the five scheduled Fund Business Days or Fund Valuation 
Days, as the case may be, follow ing the Scheduled Valuation Date or the Scheduled Averaging Date or if no Fund Business 
Day or Fund Valuation Day, as the case may be, that is not affected by a Disruption Event has occurred at the latest on the 
thirty-fifth calendar day follow ing the Scheduled Valuation Date or the Scheduled Averaging Date, then the Calculation Agent 
may either: 
X. 
determine its good faith estimate of the net asset value per Fund Unit of such Fund w hich shall be deemed to be 
the Closing Price in respect of such Valuation Date; 
Y. 
(i) consider such Disruption Event as an event triggering an early termination of the Warrants (hereafter, an Early 
Termination Event). In the case w here an Early Termination Event occurs, the Issuer shall terminate its obligations 
under the Warrants and shall pay or cause to be paid, deliver or cause to be delivered, as the case may be, as 
soon as possible after the Early Termination Event (in the case of Cash Settled Warrants) an Early Termination 
Settlement Amount on the basis of Market Value as defined in Condition [5.5]/[5.5] of the General Terms and 
Conditions or (in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants), subject to payment of the Exercise Price divided, if 
applicable, by the Parity, the Early Termination Physical Delivery Amount determined in accordance w ith Condition 
[5.5]/[5.5] of the General Terms and Conditions; or

--- Page 572 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked Warrants 
 
572 
 
 
(ii) only in case of Fund Settlement Disruption, (a) consider such event as an Early Termination Event and may 
decide to pay, in full or in part, the Early Termination Settlement Amount by the delivery of the Fund Units in lieu of 
its obligations to pay the Early Termination Settlement Amount in cash; or (b) if Fund Settlement Disruption is 
continuing on the last Valuation Date and the Calculation Agent did not consider such event as an Early Termination 
Event may decide to pay, in full or in part, the Settlement Amount by the delivery of the Fund Units in lieu of its 
obligations to pay the Settlement Amount in cash; or 
Z. 
apply any of (i) "Monetisation until the Expiration Date", (ii) "Postponement to the Adjusted Settlement Date" or (iii) 
Substitution. 
Provided that, 
(a) 
If "Optional Early Expiration at the option of the Issuer" or "Optional Early Expiration at the option of the 
Warrantholder" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms of the relevant Warrants: 
(i) 
upon the occurrence or likely occurrence of a Disruption Event, the Warrantholder Optional Exercise Notices or the 
exercise by the Issuer of its right of optional settlement relating to an Optional Early Settlement Date w ith an Optional 
Early Settlement Cut-Off Date falling after the date of such occurrence shall be null and void; 
(ii) 
upon the occurrence or likely occurrence of a Disruption Event, w ith respect to Warrantholder Optional Exercise 
Notices or the exercise by the Issuer of its right of optional settlement relating to an Optional Early Settlement Date 
w ith an Optional Early Settlement Cut-Off Date falling on or before the date of such occurrence, the Calculation 
Agent may proceed w ith the determinations and/or adjustments described in (X), (Y) or (Z) above; 
(b) 
if a Scheduled Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day, the Averaging Date shall be postponed pursuant to the provisions 
above to the first succeeding Fund Business Day or Fund Valuation Day, as the case may be, that is not a Disrupted 
Day provided it is not also a Scheduled Averaging Date; if on the earlier of (i) the fifth Fund Business Day or Fund 
Valuation Day, as the case may be, follow ing the Scheduled Averaging Date and (ii) the thirty-fifth calendar day 
follow ing the Scheduled Averaging Date, a Fund Business Day or Fund Valuation Day, as the case may be, that is 
not a Disrupted Day nor another Scheduled Averaging Date has not occurred, then that fifth Fund Business Day or 
Fund Valuation Day, or that thirty-fifth calendar day, as the case may be, shall be deemed the Averaging Date 
(irrespective of w hether that fifth Fund Business Day or Fund Valuation Day, or that thirty-fifth calendar day, as the 
case may be, is also a Scheduled Averaging Date), and the Calculation Agent shall make on that day the 
determinations described in (X) above, and the good faith estimate of the net asset value per Fund Unit of such 
Fund so calculated shall be deemed the Closing Price; and 
(c) 
notw ithstanding the foregoing, a Valuation Date or an Averaging Date (postponed as the case may be pursuant to 
the provisions above) shall occur not later than the fourth Business Day before the date of any payment to be made 
under the Warrants on the basis of determinations made on such Valuation Date or Averaging Date; if a Valuation 
Date (postponed as the case may be pursuant to the provisions above) w ould fall after the fourth Business Day 
prior to the date of any payment to be made under the Warrants on the basis of determinations made on such 
Valuation Date or Averaging Date, then that fourth Business Day shall be deemed the Valuation Date or the 
Averaging Date and the Calculation Agent shall elect to make the determinations and/or adjustments described in 
either (X), (Y) or (Z) above on such fourth Business Day and, in case the Calculation Agent elects to make the 
determinations described in (X) above, the good faith estimate of the net asset value of the Fund so calculated shall 
be deemed the Closing Price, provided however that all references to the w ord "fourth" above may be deemed to 
be a reference to another time limit as determined by the Calculation Agent pursuant to rules applicable to the 
relevant Clearing System. 
2.4 
Consequences of Settlement Disruption Event 
Upon the occurrence or, unless the Applicable Final Terms specify that “Fund Linked Warrants_Events2” applies, the likely 
occurrence, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of a Settlement Disruption Event, then the Calculation Agent may either:

--- Page 573 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked Warrants 
 
573 
 
(i) 
unless the Applicable Final Terms specify that “Fund Linked Warrants_Events2” applies (in w hich case only 
paragraph (ii) below  is applicable), consider such Settlement Disruption Event as an event triggering an early 
termination of the Warrants (hereafter, an Early Termination Event). In that case, the Issuer shall terminate its 
obligations under the Warrants and pay or deliver, as the case may be, as soon as possible after the Early 
Termination Event, (in the case of Cash Settled Warrants) an amount equal to the Early Termination Settlement 
Amount on the basis of Market Value as defined in Condition [5.5]/[5.5] of the General Terms and Conditions or (in 
the case of Physical Delivery Warrants), subject to payment of the Exercise Price divided, if applicable, by the 
Parity, the Early Termination Physical Delivery Amount on the basis of Market Value determined in accordance w ith 
Condition [5.5]/[5.5] of the General Terms and Conditions; or 
(ii) 
apply Postponement to the Adjusted Settlement Date (as described in Condition 3.1.2 below ). 
3. 
POSTPONEMENT TO THE ADJUSTED PAYMENT DATE – SUBSTITUTION 
3.1 
Postponement to the Adjusted Settlement Date 
Cash Settled Warrants 
Follow ing the occurrence of an event giving rise to Postponement to the Adjusted Settlement Date, the Issuer shall no longer 
be liable for the payment of (1) the Optional Early Settlement Amount on the Optional Early Settlement Date and/or (2) the 
Cash Settlement Amount as defined in the applicable Final Terms on the Settlement Date, but instead w ill, in full and final 
satisfaction of its obligations, pay an amount described in Condition 3.1.1 and/or 3.1.2 below . 
Notw ithstanding the above, follow ing the occurrence or likely occurrence of a Settlement Disruption Event, the Issuer shall 
no longer be liable for the payment on the Settlement Date of the Optional Early Settlement Amount and/or the Cash 
Settlement Amount, but instead w ill in full and final satisfaction of its obligations, pay an amount described in Condition 3.1.2 
below . 
Physical Delivery Warrants 
Follow ing the occurrence of an event giving rise to Postponement to the Adjusted Settlement Date, the Issuer shall no longer 
be liable for delivery of (1) the Physical Delivery Amount related to the Optional Early Settlement Date and/or (2) the Physical 
Delivery Amount as defined in the applicable Final Terms on the Settlement Date, but instead w ill, in full and final satisfaction 
of its obligations and subject to payment of the Exercise Price divided, if applicable, by the Parity, deliver Deliverable As sets 
in an amount equal to the sum of (i) the amount described in Conditions 3.1.1 and/or 3.1.2 below  and (ii) the Exercise Price 
divided, if applicable, by the Parity. 
3.1.1 
Postponement to the Adjusted Early Settlement Date 
3.1.1.1 In respect of the termination of Warrants w hose Optional Early Settlement Amount as defined in the applicable Final Terms 
could be as low  as zero 
 
Pursuant to the provisions of Condition 3.1, the Issuer shall pay (i) on the Adjusted Early Settlement Date an amount per 
Warrant, determined by the Calculation Agent, based on (a) the net positive cash amount that a Hypothetical Investor w ould 
be left w ith on the Optional Full Liquidation Date, as a result of liquidating the Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions (inter 
alia by satisfying any obligations or liabilities in place w ith respect to or part of such Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions, 
if any, w ith the liquidation proceeds of the assets of the Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions) minus (b) the Associated 
Costs (the result of w hich, converted if necessary into the Settlement Currency using the Relevant Spot Exchange Rate on 
the Optional Full Liquidation Date, is a Calculation Amount for the purposes of this provision. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the liquidation proceeds of any assets held by a Hypothetical Investor as Optional Hypothetical 
Hedge Positions shall be deemed to be used in priority to extinguish any liability, if any, incurred by such Hypothetical 
Investor under its Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions and the Calculation Amount mentioned above can be as low  as 
zero; or

--- Page 574 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked Warrants 
 
574 
 
3.1.1.2 in respect of the termination of Warrants whose Optional Early Settlement Amount as defined in the applicable Final Terms 
cannot be in any case lower than an amount strictly positive (the Optional M inimum Settlement Amount). 
 
Pursuant to the provisions of Condition 3.1, the Issuer shall pay (1) on the Optional Early Settlement Date an amount per 
Warrant, determined by the Calculation Agent, equal to the Optional Minimum Settlement Amount and (2) on the Adjusted 
Early Settlement Date an amount per Warrant, determined by the Calculation Agent, equal to the positive difference betw een: 
(i) 
(a) the net positive cash amount that a Hypothetical Investor w ould be left w ith on the Optional Full Liquidation 
Date, as a result of liquidating the Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions (inter alia by satisfying any obligations or 
liabilities in place w ith respect to or part of such Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions, if any, w ith the liquidation 
proceeds of the assets of the Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions) minus (b) the Associated Costs (the result of 
w hich, converted if necessary into the Settlement Currency using the Relevant Spot Exchange Rate on the Optional 
Full Liquidation Date, is a Calculation Amount for the purposes of this provision; and 
(ii) 
an amount equal to the Optional Minimum Settlement Amount. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the liquidation proceeds of any assets held by a Hypothetical Investor as Optional Hypothetical 
Hedge Positions shall be deemed to be used in priority to extinguish any liability, if any, incurred by such Hypothetical 
Investor under its Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions and the Calculation Amount mentioned above can be as low  as 
zero. 
3.1.2 
Postponement to the Adjusted Settlement Date 
3.1.2.1 In respect of the termination of Warrants whose Optional Early Settlement Amount or Settlement Amount as defined in the 
applicable Final Terms could be as low as zero 
Pursuant to the provisions of Condition 3.1, the Issuer shall pay in respect of the Adjusted Settlement Date an amount per 
Warrant, determined by the Calculation Agent, based on (a) the net positive cash amount that a Hypothetical Investor w ould 
be left w ith on the Optional Full Liquidation Date and/or Full Liquidation Date, as a result of liquidating the Hedge Positio ns 
and/or the Hypothetical Hedge Positions (inter alia by satisfying any obligations or liabilities in place w ith respect to or part 
of such Hypothetical Hedge Positions and/or Hedge Positions, if any, w ith the liquidation proceeds of the assets of the 
Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions and/or the Hedge Positions (as the case may be) minus (b) the Associated Costs 
(the result of w hich converted if necessary into the Settlement Currency using the Relevant Spot Exchange Rate on the 
Optional Full Liquidation Date and/or the Full Liquidation Date, is a Calculation Amount for the purposes of this provision 
and of the Compounding Method) together w ith (c) interest that w ould have accrued on such Calculation Amount pursuant 
to the Compounding Method, during the period, if any, (w hich for the purposes of this provision and of the Compounding 
Method shall be a Calculation Period) betw een (x) the Optional Full Liquidation Date and/or the Full Liquidation Date 
(included) and (y) the fourth Business Day preceding the Adjusted Settlement Date (excluded), provided however that all 
references to the w ord "fourth" above may be deemed to be a reference to another time limit as determined by the Calculation 
Agent pursuant to rules applicable to the relevant Clearing System. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the liquidation proceeds of any assets held by a Hypothetical Investor as Optional Hypothetical 
Hedge Positions and/or Hedge Positions shall be deemed to be used in priority to extinguish any liability, if any, incurred by 
such Hypothetical Investor under its Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions and/or Hedge Positions and the Calculation 
Amount mentioned above can be as low  as zero; or 
3.1.2.2 in respect of the termination of Warrants whose Optional Early Settlement Amount or Settlement Amount as defined in the 
applicable Final Terms cannot be in any case lower than an amount strictly positive (the M inimum Settlement Amount) 
Pursuant to the provisions of Condition 3.1, the Issuer shall pay (1) on the Settlement Date an amount per Warrant, 
determined by the Calculation Agent, equal to the Minimum Settlement Amount and (2) on the Adjusted Settlement Date an 
amount per Warrant, determined by the Calculation Agent, equal to the positive difference betw een: 
(i) 
(a) the net positive cash amount that a Hypothetical Investor w ould be left w ith on the Optional Full Liquidation Date and/or 
the Full Liquidation Date, as a result of liquidating (a) the Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions and/or the Hypothetical 
Hedge Positions (inter alia by satisfying any obligations or liabilities in place w ith respect to or part of such Optional

--- Page 575 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked Warrants 
 
575 
 
Hypothetical Hedge Positions and/or Hypothetical Hedge Positions, if any, w ith the liquidation proceeds of the assets of the 
Optional Hedge Positions and/or the Hypothetical Hedge Positions (as the case may be) minus (b) the Associated Costs 
(the result of w hich converted if necessary into the Settlement Currency using the Relevant Spot Exchange Rate on the 
Optional Full Liquidation Date and/or the Full Liquidation Date, is a Calculation Amount for the purposes of this provision 
and of the Compounding Method) together w ith (c) interest that w ould have accrued on such Calculation Amount pursuant 
to the Compounding Method, during the period, if any, (w hich for the purposes of this provision and of the Compounding 
Method shall be a Calculation Period) betw een (x) the Optional Full Liquidation Date and/or the Full Liquidation Date 
(included) and (y) the fourth Business Day preceding the Adjusted Settlement Date (excluded), provided however that all 
references to the w ord "fourth" above may be deemed to be a reference to another time limit as determined by the Calculation 
Agent pursuant to rules applicable to the relevant Clearing System. 
(ii) 
an amount equal to the Minimum Settlement Amount. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the liquidation proceeds of any assets held by a Hypothetical Investor as Optional Hypothetical 
Hedge Positions and/or Hypothetical Hedge Positions shall be deemed to be used in priority to extinguish any liability, if any, 
incurred by such Hypothetical Investor under its Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions and/or Hypothetical Hedge Positions 
and the Calculation Amount mentioned above can be as low  as zero. 
3.1.2.3 Notw ithstanding the above, if the Full Liquidation Date has not occurred, at the latest on the fourth Business Day preceding 
the Postponed Settlement Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent, the amount paid by the Issuer on the Postponed 
Settlement Date pursuant to Conditions 3.1.2.1 and 3.1.2.2 above, shall be determined by the Calculation Agent on the basis 
of (a) the net positive cash amount that a Hypothetical Investor w ould be left w ith on such fourth Business Day preceding 
the Postponed Settlement Date as a result of liquidating (pursuant to the provisions above) the Hypothetical Hedge Positions 
(inter alia by satisfying any obligations or liabilities in place w ith respect to or part of such the Hypothetical Hedge Positions, 
if any, w ith the liquidation proceeds of the assets of the Hypothetical Hedge Positions) minus (b) the Ass ociated Costs (the 
result of w hich, converted if necessary into the Settlement Currency using the Relevant Spot Exchange Rate on the fourth 
Business Day preceding the Postponed Settlement Date, is a Calculation Amount for the purposes of this provision), provided 
however all references to the w ord "fourth" above may be deemed to be a reference to another time limit as determined by 
the Calculation Agent pursuant to rules applicable to the relevant Clearing System. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the liquidation proceeds of any assets held by the Hypothetical Investor under its Hypothetical 
Hedge Positions shall be deemed to be used in priority to extinguish any liability, if any, incurred by the Hypothetical Investor 
under its Hypothetical Hedge Positions and the Calculation Amount mentioned above can be as low  as zero. 
3.2 
Substitution 
The Calculation Agent shall (i) identify a fund (the New Fund) having an investment strategy similar to the investment 
strategy of the Fund affected by the event giving rise to the Substitution and (ii) may adjust any relevant terms of the Warrants 
to preserve the economic equivalent of the obligations of the Issuer under the Warrants.

--- Page 576 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
576 
 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED WARRANTS 
The provisions of these Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants apply if the applicable Final Terms specify that 
(i) the clause "Type of Structured Warrants" is "Credit Linked Warrants" and (ii) the clause "Credit Linked Warrants Provisions" is 
"Applicable". If relevant, the applicable Final Terms w ill also specify w hether Additional Provisions related to CDS Spread" of Condition 
3 apply. 
The 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions may be obtained from the relevant Issuer upon request at the address and contact  
details specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Capitalised terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the General Terms and Conditions of the 
Warrants. 
"*" means that the section so indicated will be deemed not to apply if the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Settlement 
Method" is "Physical Settlement". 
"**" means that the section so indicated will be deemed not to apply if the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Settlement 
Method" is "Cash Settlement". 
1. 
CREDIT EVENT PROVISIONS 
1.1 
Settlement Method 
1.1.1 
Physical Settlement 
If the Warrants are Single Name Warrants or First-to-Default Warrants and if the applicable Final Terms specify that the 
clause "Settlement Method" is "Physical Settlement": 
1.1.1.1 If a Credit Event has occurred, as determined by the Calculation Agent, in the period from and including the First Credit 
Event Occurrence Date to and including the Last Credit Event Occurrence Date and a Credit Event Notice and, unless 
specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, a Notice of Publicly Available Information, are delivered during 
the Notice Delivery Period by or on behalf of the Issuer to the relevant Clearing System for the Warrantholders' information,  
then (i) the Issuer w ill no longer be liable for the payment of the Cash Settlement Amount on the relevant Settlement Date 
or, as the case may be, to transfer the Physical Delivery Amount to the Warrantholder against payment of the Exercise Price 
divided, if applicable, by the Parity, (ii) each Warrant shall continue to be exercisable during the Exercise Period or on the 
Expiration Date, as the case may be and (iii) follow ing exercise of any Credit Linked Warrant, the Issuer w ill in full and final 
satisfaction of its obligations hereunder in respect of payments due under the Credit Linked Warrants, Deliver or procure 
Delivery of the Credit Linked Physical Delivery Amount to the Warrantholders during the Physical Settlement Period, subject 
to the next follow ing paragraphs and the cash settlement provisions hereafter. 
If the Credit Linked Physical Delivery Amount is not equal to an authorised denomination (or integral multiple thereof) of the 
Specified Deliverable Obligations then (i) the Credit Linked Physical Delivery Amount of Specified Deliverable Obligations to  
be Delivered w ill be rounded dow n to the nearest authorised denomination or integral multiple thereof, or, if none, to zero, 
and (ii) in addition to the Delivery of the Credit Linked Physical Delivery Amount, the Issuer w ill pay or procure payment of  a 
cash amount determined by the Calculation Agent as the market value of the Specified Deliverable Obligations that w ere not 
capable of being Delivered due to such rounding. 
The Delivery of the Specified Deliverable Obligations or payment of the Credit Event Payment Amount is  subject to the prior 
delivery by or on behalf of the Issuer to the relevant Clearing System for the Warrantholders' information, of a Notice of 
Physical Settlement betw een the Credit Event Determination Date and the Latest Notification Date (both dates inclusive). 
1.1.1.2 Following the occurrence of a Credit Event with respect to a Reference Entity, the Issuer will select the Specified 
Deliverable Obligations.

--- Page 577 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
577 
 
1.1.1.3 The Issuer w ill not necessarily Deliver all the Specified Deliverable Obligations on the same date and may Deliver Specified 
Deliverable Obligations to different Warrantholders on different dates or to the same Warrantholder on different dates. 
1.1.1.4 The Issuer is not obliged to Deliver the same type and proportion of Deliverable Obligations to each Warrantholder and a 
Warrantholder may receive various types of Deliverable Obligations. 
1.1.1.5 If any or all of the Specified Deliverable Obligations are not eligible for clearance by the relevant Clearing System, then the 
Issuer may, upon prior notice to the Warrantholders, arrange: 
(A) 
Delivery of those Specified Deliverable Obligations (if any) that are eligible for clearance by the relevant Clearing 
System in the relevant Clearing System and Delivery of those Specified Deliverable Obligations that are not eligible 
for clearance by the relevant Clearing System outside the relevant Clearing System; or 
(B) 
Delivery of all the Specified Deliverable Obligations (w hether or not those Specified Deliverable Obligations are 
eligible for clearance) outside the relevant Clearing System. 
The relevant Clearing System w ill then be instructed to block and, upon confirmation by the Issuer that delivery has taken 
place, cancel the Warrantholders' positions in its books and the Fiscal Agent in turn w ill cancel the outstanding Warrants. If  
Delivery is to take place outside the relevant Clearing System, the Issuer shall have to receive the relevant Warrantholders' 
transfer instructions, in terms that are satisfactory to the Issuer, sufficiently before the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement 
Date to allow  for physical settlement, otherw ise the cash settlement provisions set out below  w ill apply. 
1.1.2 
Fallback to Cash Settlement 
1.1.2.1 If the Warrants are Single Name Warrants or First-to-Default Warrants and if the applicable Final Terms specify that the 
clause "Settlement Method" is "Physical Settlement" but, on the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date, the Calculation 
Agent (acting on behalf of the Issuer) determines that it is Illegal or Impossible for the Issuer to Deliver all or part of the 
Specified Deliverable Obligations to all or some of the Warrantholders or if the Issuer does not receive transfer instructions 
as described in the last sentence of Condition 1.1.1.5 above, then the Calculation Agent w ill calculate a Credit Event Payment 
Amount, in respect of such part of the Specified Deliverable Obligations w hich are Undeliverable Obligations, and the Issuer 
w ill, on the Settlement Date, pay or procure payment of a Credit Event Payment Amount to the relevant Warrantholders in 
full and final satisfaction of its obligations in respect of the Undeliverable Obligations. 
1.1.2.2 The Issuer must notify the relevant Warrantholders through the relevant Clearing System that there are Undeliverable 
Obligations and the reasons w hy it is Illegal or Impossible to Deliver such Specified Deliverable Obligations. 
1.1.2.3 If, before the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date, the Calculation Agent determines that the Delivery of all of the 
Specified Deliverable Obligations is Illegal or Impossible, and it deems in good faith that such Delivery is to remain Illegal or 
Impossible until the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date, then the Calculation Agent may give notice thereof to the 
relevant Clearing System for the attention of the Warrantholders. The Credit Valuation Date w ill then be the date that is two 
Business Days after the date on w hich the Calculation Agent delivers such notice to the relevant Clearing System, and the 
Issuer w ill pay the Warrantholders a Credit Event Payment Amount on the Settlement Date in full and final satisfaction of its  
obligations in respect of the Undeliverable Obligations. 
1.1.2.4 If Delivery is partially Illegal or Impossible, the Issuer may, for each Warrantholder, Deliver the Specified Deliverable 
Obligations and pay a Credit Event Payment Amount. The Issuer shall not be obliged to ensure that each Warrantholder 
receives the same type and proportion of Deliverable Obligations and the same proportion of Deliverable Obligations and 
Credit Event Payment Amount as each other Warrantholder. 
1.1.2.5 If Condition 1.1.2.1 or Condition 1.1.2.3 above applies, the Issuer may arrange that all settlements hereunder be made 
outside the relevant Clearing System in the manner described in Condition 1.1.1.5 above provided that the Issuer receives 
transfer instructions in terms that are satisfactory to the Issuer to allow  for such settlements. 
1.1.2.6 The Calculation Agent w ill inform the Warrantholders via the relevant Clearing System of the Credit Event Payment Amount 
by sending a Final Valuation Notice.

--- Page 578 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
578 
 
1.1.3 
Cash Settlement 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Settlement Method" is "Cash Settlement": 
1.1.3.1 If a Credit Event has occurred, as determined by the Calculation Agent, in the period from and including the First Credit 
Event Occurrence Date to and including the Last Credit Event Occurrence Date and if a Credit Event Notice and, unless 
specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, a Notice of Publicly Available Information, are delivered during 
the Notice Delivery Period by or on behalf of the Issuer to the Warrantholders, then: 
(i) 
the Issuer w ill no longer be liable for the payment of the Cash Settlement Amount on the relevant Settlement Date 
or, as the case may be, to transfer the Physical Delivery Amount to the Warrantholder against payment of the 
Exercise Price divided, if applicable, by the Parity; 
(ii) 
each Warrant shall continue to be exercisable during the Exercise Period or on the Expiration Date, as the case 
may be; and 
(iii) 
follow ing exercise of any Warrant, the Issuer w ill pay or procure payment of the Credit Event Payment Amount (or 
a formula based on the Credit Event Payment Amount, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) on the Settlement 
Date, in full and final satisfaction of its obligations hereunder in respect of  the exercise of each Warrant. 
The Selected Obligations, the Credit Event Payment Amount and the Settlement Date shall be notified to the Warrantholders 
in the Final Valuation Notice on the Final Valuation Notice Receipt Date. 
1.1.3.2 For the avoidance of doubt, under no circumstances w ill the Final Value be determined later than the 180th Business Day 
follow ing the corresponding Credit Event Determination Date. 
1.1.3.3 Notw ithstanding any other provision to the contrary, w here "Alternative Physical Settlement" is specified as “Applicable” in 
the applicable Final Terms and the Issuer w ould, but for this Condition 1.1.3.3, be required to pay the Credit Event Payment 
Amount on the Settlement Date in accordance w ith Condition 1.1.3.1 above, it shall, in place of such payment, deliver to the 
Warrantholders the Alternative Physical Delivery Amount in accordance w ith and subject to the provisions of Condition 
[5.2]/[5.2] of the General Terms and Conditions in full and final settlement of its obligations hereunder as if the applicable 
Warrant w as a Physical Delivery Warrant, provided that for such purposes references to the relevant Physical Delivery 
Amount shall be deemed to be references to the Alternative Physical Delivery Amount. Delivery of the Alternative Physical 
Delivery Amount shall be made in accordance w ith Condition [4.12]/[4.12] of the General Terms and Conditions and subject 
to Condition [4.12.5]/[4.12.5] of the General Terms and Conditions as if references in those Conditions to the Physical 
Delivery Amount w ere references to the Alternative Physical Delivery Amount. 
1.2 
Credit Event Notice after Restructuring 
Upon the occurrence of a Restructuring in the period from and including the First Credit Event Occurrence Date to and 
including the Last Credit Event Occurrence Date, if M(M)R Restructuring is applicable, the follow ing provisions apply: 
1.2.1 
Single Name Warrants and First-to-Default Warrants 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Settlement Type" is "American Settlement": 
1.2.1.1 the Calculation Agent may deliver multiple Credit Event Notices w ith respect to such Restructuring, each such Credit Event 
Notice setting forth an amount (the Partial Cancellation Amount) that is less than the Nominal Amount outstanding of each 
Warrant immediately prior to the delivery of such Credit Event Notice. In such circumstances the provisions of Condition 1.1 
shall be deemed to apply to the Partial Cancellation Amount only and each such Warrant shall be exercised in part (such 
exercised part being equal to the Partial Cancellation Amount) (and for the avoidance of doubt, w ithout prejudice to the effect 
of the Principal Credit Factor on the settlement amount); 
1.2.1.2 for the avoidance of doubt (i) the Nominal Amount of each such Warrant not so exercised in part shall remain outstanding 
and (ii) the provisions of Condition 1.1 shall apply to such Nominal Amount outstanding of such Warrant in the event that 
subsequent Credit Event Notices are delivered in respect of a Reference Entity; and

--- Page 579 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
579 
 
1.2.1.3 on exercise of part of each Credit Linked Warrant, the relevant Warrant or, if the Warrants are represented by a Global 
Warrant, such Global Warrant, shall be endorsed to reflect such partial exercise. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the outstanding Nominal Amount of each Warrant in respect of w hich no Credit Event Notice 
has been delivered during the Notice Delivery Period (and, if applicable, no Potential Repudiation/Moratorium or Potential 
Failure to Pay has occurred on or prior to the Scheduled Last Credit Event Occurrence Date), w ill be exercised on the 
Scheduled Expiration Date. 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Settlement Type" is "European Settlement": 
1.2.1.4 the Calculation Agent may deliver multiple Credit Event Notices w ith respect to such Restructuring, each such Credit Event 
Notice setting forth an amount (the Partial Cancellation Amount) that is less than the Nominal Amount outstanding of each 
Warrant immediately prior to the delivery of such Credit Event Notice. In such circumstances the provisions of Condition 1.1 
shall apply to the Partial Cancellation Amount; and 
1.2.1.5 for the avoidance of doubt the provisions of Condition 1.1 shall apply to the Nominal Amount of each Warrant outstanding 
after reduction by such Partial Cancellation Amount in the event that subsequent Credit Event Notices are delivered in 
respect of a Reference Entity. 
1.2.2 
Basket Warrants and Tranche Warrants 
(a) 
The Calculation Agent may deliver multiple Credit Event Notices w ith respect to such Restructuring, each such 
Credit Event Notice setting forth an amount (the Partial Restructuring Notional Amount) that is less than the 
Reference Entity Notional Amount of the relevant Reference Entity immediately prior to the delivery of such Credit 
Event Notice. In such circumstances the provisions of Condition 1.1.3 shall apply to the Partial Restructuring 
Notional Amount instead of the Reference Entity Notional Amount; and 
(b) 
For the avoidance of doubt, follow ing such Restructuring, the provisions of these Additional Terms and Conditions 
for Credit Linked Warrants shall apply in respect of the relevant Reference Entity w ith such Reference Entity's 
Reference Entity Weighting being reduced by the ratio of the Partial Restructuring Notional Amount divided by the 
Reference Portfolio Notional Amount. In the event of the occurrence of further Restructurings w ith respect to such 
Reference Entity, the relevant Reference Entity Notional Amount w ill be further reduced by the relevant Partial 
Restructuring Notional Amount. 
1.3 
Multiple Successors 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Type of Credit Linked Warrants" is "Single Name Warrants" and if 
"Multiple Successor(s)" is "Applicable" the follow ing provisions shall apply: 
Where, pursuant to the definition of Successor (see Condition 2 below ), more than one Successor has been identified, each 
such Successor (a Multiple Successor) shall be a Reference Entity for the purposes of these Conditions, but only in respect 
of an amount of each Warrant equal to the Nominal Amount divided by the number of Multiple Successors to such Reference 
Entity (the Multiple Successor Notional Amount) as determined by the Calculation Agent (for the avoidance of doubt, 
w ithout prejudice to the effect of the Principal Credit Factor on the settlement amount). Where Multiple Successors to such 
Reference Entity (each, a Sub-Multiple Successor) have been identified in respect of a Reference Entity (an Original 
Multiple Successor) that is itself a Multiple Successor, each such Sub-Multiple Successor shall be a Reference Entity for 
the purposes of these Conditions, but the Multiple Successor Notional Amount in respect of a Sub-Multiple Successor shall 
be equal to the Multiple Successor Notional Amount in respect of such Original Multiple Successor divided by the number of 
Sub-Multiple Successors to such Original Multiple Successor. Follow ing the delivery of a Credit Event Notice and, unless 
specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, a Notice of Publicly Available Information, in respect of a Multiple 
Successor, the Credit Linked Warrants, follow ing a valid exercise of such Warrants in accordance w ith Condition [3]/[3] of 
the General Terms and Conditions, w ill not be cancelled in w hole but an amount shall be deliverable or, as the case may be, 
payable in respect of each Warrant that has been so exercised (an Instalment Amount) w hich amount shall be determined 
in the same manner, mutatis mutandis, as the Credit Linked Physical Delivery Amount or Credit Event Payment Amount or 
Alternative Physical Delivery Amount, as the case may be, that w ould otherw ise have been determined in respect of such a 
Credit Event in relation to the original Reference Entity, except that it shall be in respect of a part of the Nominal Amount of

--- Page 580 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
580 
 
each Warrant equal to the relevant Multiple Successor Notional Amount only. The date of delivery or payment, as the case 
may be, of any such Instalment Amount (an Instalment Date) shall be determined in the same manner, mutatis mutandis, 
as the Physical Settlement Date or Settlement Date that w ould otherw ise have been determined in respect of such a Credit 
Event in relation to the original Reference Entity. 
More than one Instalment Amount may be delivered or payable on the same day in respect of different Multiple Successors, 
but not more than one Credit Event Notice may be delivered in relation to a single Multiple Successor unless  a Restructuring 
occurs in relation to a Multiple Successor, in w hich case the provisions of Condition 1.2 w ill apply in respect of each such 
Multiple Successor. Upon the determination by the Calculation Agent of the identity of  Multiple Successors, the Calculation 
Agent shall determine the modifications required to be made to these Conditions and any other related documents, to 
preserve substantially the economic effect for a Warrantholder of a holding of the Credit Linked Warrants and the Issuer 
shall use its reasonable endeavours to effect such modifications. 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Settlement Type" is "American Settlement": 
Follow ing delivery or payment of an Instalment Amount in respect of a Credit Event relating to a Multiple Successor, the 
outstanding Nominal Amount of each Credit Linked Warrant shall be correspondingly reduced by the proportion of the 
Nominal Amount used to determine such Instalment Amount. 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Settlement Type" is "European Settlement": 
Follow ing the occurrence of a Credit Event relating to a Multiple Successor, the outstanding Nominal Amount of each Credit 
Linked Warrant shall be correspondingly reduced by the proportion of the Nominal Amount used to determine the 
corresponding Instalment Amount. 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Type of Credit Linked Warrants" is "Single Name Warrants" and if the 
clause "Multiple Successor(s)" is "Not Applicable" the follow ing provisions shall apply: 
Should more than one Successor succeed to the Reference Entity and a Credit Event occurs in respect of any one of them, 
payment or delivery of the Credit Event Payment Amount or Credit Linked Physical Delivery Amount or Alternative Physical 
Delivery Amount, as the case may be, shall occur in w hole in accordance w ith the Settlement Method specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, as if the Type of Credit Linked Warrants w as specified as "First-to-Default Warrants" in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 1.3 w ill not apply to First-to-Default Warrants, Basket Warrants and Tranche 
Warrants. 
1.4 
Notification of Potential Failure to Pay 
In the case of the occurrence of a Potential Failure to Pay, as determined by the Calculation Agent, the Issuer, or any entity 
acting on its behalf, shall use its reasonable endeavours to notify the Warrantholders as soon as reasonably practical of 
such occurrence, pursuant to Condition [12]/[12] of the General Terms and Conditions. 
1.5 
Partial Expiration and Further Issues 
Follow ing any partial expiration of any Credit Linked Warrants pursuant to Condition [5]/[5] of the General Terms and 
Conditions or any further issue (pursuant Condition [12]/[12] of the General Terms and Conditions), each of the follow ing 
amounts w ill be multiplied by the ratio of (i) the number of Credit Linked Warrants in circulation after such partial expiration 
or further issue divided by (ii) the number of Credit Linked Warrants in circulation just before such partial expiration or further 
issue: 
(A) 
for Single Name Warrants and First-to-Default Warrants, the Aggregate Warrant Notional Amount; 
(B) 
for Basket Warrants w hich are not Tranche Warrants, (i) the Aggregate Warrant Notional Amount, (ii) the Reference 
Portfolio Notional Amount and (iii) the Aggregate Loss Amount; and

--- Page 581 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
581 
 
(C) 
for Tranche Warrants, (i) the Aggregate Warrant Notional Amount, (ii) the Reference Portfolio Notional Amount, (iii) 
the Aggregate Loss Amount, (iv) the Tranche Notional Amount and (v) the Tranche Subordination Amount. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any other amount the calculation of w hich depends on the above amounts w ill be re-calculated 
accordingly. 
1.6 
Hedging Disruption, Increased Cost of Hedging, Change in Law, Merger of a Reference Entity and Societe Generale 
or any of its Affiliates, Consequences and Monetisation until the Expiration Date  
1.6.1 
Hedging Disruption and Increased Cost of Hedging 
Hedging Disruption and Increased Cost of Hedging have the meanings given to them in the Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Structured Warrants. 
1.6.2 
Change in Law 
Change in Law  has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants. 
1.6.3 
M erger of a Reference Entity and Societe Generale or any of its Affiliates 
Merger of a Reference Entity and Societe Generale or any of its Affiliates  means, in respect of Single Name Warrants 
or First-to-Default Warrants or Basket Warrants, that (i) Societe Generale or any of its Affiliates consolidates or amalgamates 
w ith, or merges into, or transfers all or substantially all its assets to, a Reference Entity or (ii) a Reference Entity cons olidates 
or amalgamates w ith, or merges into, or transfers all or substantially all its assets to Societe Generale or any of its Affiliates, 
or (iii) Societe Generale or any of its Affiliates and a Reference Entity become Affiliates. 
1.6.4 
Consequences 
Upon the occurrence, as determined by the Calculation Agent, on or prior to the fourth Business Day (or in respect of 
Uncertificated Sw edish Warrants, Uncertificated Norw egian Warrants or Uncertificated Finnish Warrants, the tw elfth 
Business Day) before the Expiration Date of a Hedging Disruption, an Increased Cost of Hedging, Change in Law , or a 
Merger of a Reference Entity and Societe Generale or any of its Affiliates, then the Calculation Agent may decide, to either: 
(A) 
consider such event as an event triggering an early termination of the Credit Linked Warrants (hereafter, an Early 
Termination Event). In the case w here an Early Termination Event occurs, the Issuer shall terminate its obligations 
under the Credit Linked Warrants and pay or deliver, as the case may be, as soon as possible after the Early 
Termination Event, (in the case of Cash Settled Warrants) an amount equal to the Early Termination Settlement 
Amount on the basis of Market Value as defined in Condition [5.5]/[5.5] of the General Terms and Conditions or (in 
the case of Physical Delivery Warrants), subject to payment of the Exercise Price divided, if applicable, by the 
Parity, the Early Termination Physical Delivery Amount determined in accordance w ith Condition [5.5]/[5.5] of the 
General Terms and Conditions; or 
(B) 
if the Hedging Disruption, Increased Cost of Hedging, Change in Law  and/or Merger of a Reference Entity and 
Societe Generale or any of its Affiliates is applicable to one or several affected Reference Entities (the Affected 
Reference Entity(ies)), replace the Affected Reference Entity(ies) by a new  reference entity (or new  reference 
entities, as relevant) w hich is (respectively are each) a Similar Reference Entity; or 
(C) 
apply the Monetisation until the Expiration Date as defined in Condition 5.8 of the General Terms and Conditions; 
or, but only in the case of Increased Cost of Hedging: 
(D) 
in the case of Cash Settled Warrants, deduct (a) from the Optional Early Settlement Amount, Event-linked Early 
Settlement Amount, Early Trigger Level Settlement Amount or the Early Termination Settlement Amount (if any) 
due under the Credit Linked Warrants, as the case may be, on the payment date of the Optional Early Settlement 
Amount, Event-linked Early Settlement Amount, Early Trigger Level Settlement Amount or Early Termination 
Settlement Amount (if any) and (b) in the absence of any Optional Early Settlement Amount, Event-linked Early

--- Page 582 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
582 
 
Settlement Amount, Early Trigger Level Settlement Amount or Early Termination Settlement Amount in respect of 
the Credit Linked Warrants, from the Cash Settlement Amount due on the Settlement Date, in each case after the 
occurrence of the Increased Cost of Hedging, the amount of any new , or any increase of, any tax, duty, expense or 
fee, that triggered the occurrence of the Increased Cost of Hedging incurred by Societe Generale or any of its 
Affiliates in relation to the Hedge Positions hedging the payment obligations of the Issuer under the Credit Linked 
Warrants, such amount to be apportioned pro rata amongst the outstanding Warrants (such reduction being the 
Reduction Amount and the result of such deduction being floored at zero); or 
(E) 
in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants, deduct the Reduction Amount (subject to a floor of zero) from any 
Physical Delivery Amount, Event-Linked Early Settlement Price, Early Termination Physical Delivery Amount or 
Early Trigger Level Physical Delivery Amount w hich is calculated in connection w ith the Credit Linked Warrants. 
Follow ing the occurrence of a Hedging Disruption, an Increased Cost of Hedging, a Change in Law  or a Merger of a 
Reference Entity and Societe Generale or any of its Affiliates, the Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer, w hich shall in its 
turn notify the Warrantholders pursuant to the provisions of Condition [12]/[12] of the General Terms and Conditions of the 
relevant adjustment made or decision taken by the Calculation Agent. Details of any adjustment made or decision taken may 
be obtained by the Warrantholders upon request at the Calculation Agent’s specified address. 
Definitions applicable to this Condition: 
Similar Reference Entity means a reference entity w ith an equivalent Rating (as defined below ) or an equivalent credit risk 
(if no Rating is available), and to the extent possible as secondary criteria geographic and Transaction Type proximity. 
For the purposes of this definition Rating means the senior unsecured debt rating assigned by the three rating agencies 
Moody’s France S.A.S., S&P Global RatingsEurope Limited, and Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited or any of them, it being 
understood that if the ratings assigned in respect of an entity are not equivalent, only the highest one(s) w ill be taken into 
consideration. 
1.7 
Additional provisions relating to certain specific Reference Entities  
1.7.1 
Additional provisions applicable if a Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms is "Argentine Republic" 
If "Argentine Republic" is specified as a Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms, the follow ing provisions w ill apply  
w ith respect to this Reference Entity: 
Notw ithstanding the definition of "Obligation" in Condition 2 below , any obligation that is a Bond that w as issued on or prior 
to June 1, 2005 (other than any Bond constituting a New  Security (as defined in the Prospectus Supplement of the 
Republic of Argentina dated January 10, 200512, as the same may be amended or supplemented)) shall not be considered 
as an Obligation. 
Notw ithstanding the definition of ["Deliverable Obligation"]** ["Selected Obligation"]* in Condition 2 below , any obligation that 
is a Bond that w as issued on or prior to June 1, 2005 (other than any Bond constituting a New  Security (as defined in the 
Prospectus Supplement of the Republic of Argentina dated January 10, 200513, as the same may be amended or 
supplemented)) shall not be considered as a [Deliverable Obligation]** [Selected Obligation]*. 
1.7.2 
Additional provisions applicable if a Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms is "Hellenic Republic" 
If "Hellenic Republic" is specified as a Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms, the follow ing provisions w ill apply w ith 
respect to this Reference Entity: 
Notw ithstanding the definition of "Obligation" in Condition 2 below , any obligation that is of a type included in Borrow ed 
Money obligation Category and that w as issued or incurred, as the case may be, on or prior to 1 February 2012 shall not be 
considered as an Obligation. 
                                              
 
12 
Av ailable on the website : http://www.mecon.gov.ar/finanzas/download/us_prospectus_and_prospectus_supplement.pdf 
13 
Av ailable on the website : http://www.mecon.gov.ar/finanzas/download/us_prospectus_and_prospectus_supplement.pdf

--- Page 583 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
583 
 
Notw ithstanding the definition of ["Deliverable Obligation"]** ["Selected Obligation"]* in Condition 2 below , any obligation that 
is a Bond or a Loan that w as issued or incurred, as the case may be, on or prior to 1 February 2012 shall not be an considered 
as a [Deliverable Obligation]** [Selected Obligation]*. 
1.7.3 
Additional provisions applicable if a Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms is "Republic of Hungary" 
If "Republic of Hungary" is specified as a Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms, the follow ing provisions w ill apply 
w ith respect to this Reference Entity: 
Notw ithstanding the definition of "Obligation" in Condition 2 below , "Obligation" shall also include any National Bank of 
Hungary Obligation for the purposes of the applicable Final Terms w here: 
National Bank of Hungary Obligation means any obligation of the National Bank of Hungary (either directly or as provider 
of a Relevant Guarantee) and any Successor, 
(i) 
w hich has the Obligation Characteristic "Not Subordinated", w here solely for such purpose the definition of "Not 
Subordinated" shall be construed as if the National Bank of Hungary w ere the Reference Entity and no Reference 
Obligation has been specified 
(ii) 
w hich is described by the Obligation Category specified in respect of the Republic of Hungary; 
(iii) 
w hich has each of the Obligation Characteristics specified in respect of the Republic of  Hungary; and 
(iv) 
in relation to w hich the occurrence or existence of an Event of Default (as defined below ) w ill cause any obligation 
of the Republic of Hungary in respect of the Obligation Category Borrow ed Money to become, w ith the lapse of any 
grace period and subject to any other requirements under the terms of such Borrow ed Money obligation (including 
requirements as to the amounts of such default), immediately due and payable pursuant to the terms of such 
Borrow ed Money obligation. 
Notw ithstanding the definition of ["Deliverable Obligation"]** ["Selected Obligation"]* in Condition 2 below , ["Deliverable 
Obligation"]** ["Selected Obligation"]* shall also include any [National Bank of Hungary Deliverable Obligation]** [Nation al 
Bank of Hungary Selected Obligation]* for the purposes of the applicable Final Terms w here: 
[National Bank of Hungary Deliverable Obligation]** [National Bank of Hungary Selected Obligation]* means any 
obligation of the National Bank of Hungary (either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee) and any Successor, 
(i) 
w hich has the [Deliverable Obligation Characteristic]** [Selected Obligation Characteristic]* "Not Subordinated", 
w here solely for such purpose the definition of "Not Subordinated" shall be construed as if the National Bank of 
Hungary w ere the Reference Entity and no Reference Obligation has been specified; 
(ii) 
w hich is described by the [Deliverable Obligation Category]** [Selected Obligation Category]* specified in respect 
of the Republic of Hungary; 
(iii) 
w hich has each of the [Deliverable Obligation Characteristics]** [Selected Obligation Characteristics]* specified in 
respect of the Republic of Hungary; and 
(iv) 
in relation to w hich the occurrence or existence of an Event of Default (as defined below ) w ill cause any obligation(s) 
of the Republic of Hungary in respect of the Obligation Category Borrow ed Money, to become, w ith the lapse of 
any grace period and subject to any other requirements under the terms of such Borrow ed Money obligation 
(including requirements as to the amounts of such default), immediately due and payable, pursuant to the terms of 
such Borrow ed Money obligation. 
Event of Default means any failure by the National Bank of Hungary as issuer or obligor or guarantor of the relevant 
obligation, to make, w hen due any payment of principal or premium or prepayment charge or interest, if any, on such 
obligation.

--- Page 584 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
584 
 
For the purposes only of construing the terms "National Bank of Hungary Obligation", "National Bank of Hungary Deliverable 
Obligation" and "National Bank of Hungary Selected Obligation", the National Bank of Hungary (either directly or as provider 
or a Relevant Guarantee) shall be deemed to be a Reference Entity. 
1.7.4 
Additional provisions applicable if a Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms is "Russian Federation" 
If "Russian Federation" is specified as a Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms, the follow ing provisions w ill apply  
w ith respect to this Reference Entity: 
Notw ithstanding the definition of "Obligation" in Condition 2 below , any obligation that is, in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, "IANs", "MinFins" or "PRINs" shall not be an "Obligation". 
Notw ithstanding the definition of ["Deliverable Obligation"]** ["Selected Obligation"]* in Condition 2 below , any obligation that 
is, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, "IANs", MinFins" or "PRINs" shall not be a ["Deliverable Obligation" ]** 
["Selected Obligation"]*. 
IANs means floating rate interest notes due 2002 and 2015 issued by Vnesheconombank of the USSR pursuant to the 
Restructuring Agreement and an Exchange Agreement, dated as of 6 October 1997, among Vnesheconombank of the 
USSR, the Closing Agent and the Participating Creditors named therein. 
MinFins (also know n as "OVVZs" or "Taiga" bonds) means Internal Government Hard Currency Bonds issued by the Ministry 
of Finance of the Russian Federation representing (i) restructured debt of the former USSR (Series II, III, IV, V and VIII) or 
(ii) debt of the Russian Federation issued in 1996 (Series VI and VII). 
PRINs means Vnesheconombank’s loans arising under a Restructuring Agreement and an Exchange Agreement dated as 
of 6 October 1997, among Vnesheconombank of the USSR, the Closing Agent and the Participating Creditors named therein.  
1.7.5 
Additional provisions applicable if a Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms is "STM icroelectronics N.V." 
If "STMicroelectronics N.V." is specified as a Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms, the follow ing provisions w ill 
apply w ith respect to this Reference Entity: 
1.7.5.1 If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Settlement Method" is "Cash Settlement": 
With respect to the Reference Entity "STMicroelectronics N.V.", if the USD 1,217,000,000 Zero Coupon Senior Convertible 
Bond due 2013 issued by STMicroelectronics N.V. is a Selected Obligation; and such Selected Obligation is not immediately 
due and payable as of the relevant Credit Valuation Date, for the purpose of determining the Quotation Amount of such 
Selected Obligation, 
the Outstanding Principal Balance of such Selected Obligation shall be deemed to be the amount payable on the scheduled 
maturity date of such Selected Obligation. 
1.7.5.2 If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Settlement Method" is "Physical Settlement": 
With respect to the Reference Entity "STMicroelectronics N.V.", if the USD 1,217,000,000 Zero Coupon Senior Convertible 
Bond due 2013 issued by STMicroelectronics N.V. is a Specified Deliverable Obligation; and suc h Specified Deliverable 
Obligation is not immediately due and payable as of the date w here such Specified Deliverable Obligation is Delivered, the 
Outstanding Principal Balance of such Specified Deliverable Obligation shall be deemed to be the amount payable on the 
scheduled maturity date of such Specified Deliverable Obligation. 
1.7.6 
Additional Provisions applicable if a Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms is “Republic of Ukraine”  
If "Republic of Ukraine" is specified as a Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms, the follow ing provisions w ill apply 
w ith respect to this Reference Entity:

--- Page 585 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
585 
 
Notw ithstanding the definition of "Obligation" in Condition 2 below , any obligation that is a Bond that w as issued on or prior 
to 1 November 2015 shall be an "Excluded Obligation". 
Notw ithstanding the definition of ["Deliverable Obligation"]** ["Selected Obligation"]* in Condition 2 below , any obligation that 
is a Bond that w as issued on or prior to 1 November 2015 shall be an ["Excluded Deliverable Obligation"]** ["Excluded 
Selected Obligation"]*. 
1.7.7 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan Entities 
If a Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms or an Underlying Obligor is a "Covered Reference Entity" (as defined 
below ), the follow ing provisions w ill apply: 
1.7.7.1 Covered Reference Entity means: 
(a) 
República Bolivariana de Venezuela (Venezuela); 
(b) 
Petroleos de Venezuela, S.A. (PdVSA); 
(c) 
any political subdivision, agency, or instrumentality of Venezuela, including the Central Bank of Venezuela and 
PdVSA; and 
(d) 
any person ow ned or controlled by, or acting for or on behalf of, any entity referred to in Condition 1.1.8.7.1(a) to 
(c) above. 
1.7.7.2 Order means the Executive Order 13808 of 24 August 2017 “Imposing Additional Sanctions With Respect to the Situation 
in Venezuela” or subsequent executive order, legislation, regulation or similar action implemented by the United States Offic e 
of Foreign Asset Control (OFAC) imposing a sanction on debt of a Covered Reference Entity (an Order). 
1.7.7.3 Subject to Condition 1.7.7.4 below , Restricted Debt means: 
(a) 
debt issued or incurred on or after 25 August 2017 w ith a maturity of greater than 90 days of PdVSA; 
(b) 
debt issued or incurred on or after 25 August 2017 w ith a maturity of greater than 30 days of a Covered Reference 
Entity, other than debt of PdVSA covered by Condition 1.7.7.3(a) herein; 
(c) 
bonds issued by a Covered Reference Entity prior to 25 August 2017; and 
(d) 
any other debt that is covered by an Order. 
1.7.7.4 Any debt that w ould be Restricted Debt pursuant to Condition 1.7.7.3 above shall not be Restricted Debt if it is: 
(a) 
subject to an exception to an Order, by licence, FAQ or other interpretive statement by OFAC; or 
(b) 
specified in OFAC’s General Licence 3 to the Order (Authorizing Transactions Related to, Provision of Financing 
for, and Other Dealings in Certain Bonds). 
1.7.7.5 Unless and until all sanctions imposed by any and all Orders are lifted on a Covered Reference Entity, notw ithstanding the 
definition of “Obligation” in Condition 2 below , any obligation that is Restricted Debt shall be an "Excluded Obligation". 
1.7.7.6 Unless and until all sanctions imposed by any and all Orders are lifted on a Covered Reference Entity, notw ithstanding the 
definition of ["Deliverable Obligation"]** ["Selected Obligation"]*, any obligation that is Restricted Debt shall be an ["Exclud ed 
Deliverable Obligation"]** ["Excluded Selected Obligation"]*. 
1.7.7.7 A Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee may determine w hether any debt is subject to an exception to the definition 
of Restricted Debt pursuant to Condition 1.7.7.4(a) above or w hether all sanctions have been lifted pursuant to Conditions 
1.7.7.5 and 1.7.7.6 above.

--- Page 586 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
586 
 
1.7.8 
Additional provisions applicable if a Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms is a "M onoline Insurer" 
If a Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms is a "Monoline Insurer" (as defined below ), then the follow ing provisions 
w ill apply w ith respect to this Reference Entity: 
1.7.8.1 Specific Definitions 
Monoline Insurer means the entities (i) listed in the Monoline Insurer Reference Entities document published by ISDA on 
31 August 2010 w hich Current Reference Entity Name (as such term is defined in this document) is ACA Financial Guaranty 
Corporation, Ambac Assurance Corporation, Assured Guaranty Corp., CDC IXIS Financial Guaranty North America, Inc, 
Financial Guaranty Insurance Company (FGIC), Assured Guaranty Municipal Corp., MBIA Insurance Corporation, Radian 
Asset Assurance Inc., Syncora Guarantee Inc or any Successor of the aforementioned or (ii) added to the list in (i) above by 
any document published by ISDA w hich w ould modify and/or cancel and replace the Monoline Insurer Reference Entities 
document. 
Qualifying Policy means a financial guaranty insurance policy or similar financial guarantee pursuant to w hich a Reference 
Entity irrevocably guarantees or insures all Instrument Payments (as defined below ) of an instrument that constitutes 
Borrow ed Money (modified as set forth below ) (the Insured Instrument) for which another party (including a special purpose 
entity or trust) is the obligor (the Insured Obligor). Qualifying Policies shall exclude any arrangement (i) structured as a 
surety bond, letter of credit or equivalent legal arrangement or (ii) pursuant to the express contractual terms of w hich the 
payment obligations of the Reference Entity can be discharged or reduced as a result of the occurrence or non-occurrence 
of an event or circumstance (other than the payment of Instrument Payments). Whether Cash Settlement or Physical 
Settlement is applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in particular for the purpose of the determination of Obligation and 
[Deliverable Obligation]** [Selected Obligation]* in Condition 1.7.8.2 below , the benefit of a Qualifying Policy must be capable 
of being Delivered together w ith the Delivery of the Insured Instrument. 
Instrument Payments means (A) in the case of any Insured Instrument that is in the form of a pass-through certificate or 
similar funded beneficial interest, (x) the specified periodic distributions in respect of interest or other return on the Certificate 
Balance on or prior to the ultimate distribution of the Certificate Balance and (y) the ultimate distribution of the Certific ate 
Balance on or prior to a specified date and (B) in the case of any other Insured Instrument, the scheduled payments of 
principal and interest, in the case of both (A) and (B) (1) determined w ithout regard to limited recourse or reduction provis ions 
of the type described in Condition 1.7.8.4 below  and (2) excluding sums in respect of default interest, indemnities, tax 
gross-ups, make-w hole amounts, early redemption premiums and other similar amounts (w hether or not guaranteed or 
insured by the Qualifying Policy). 
Certificate Balance means, in the case of an Insured Instrument that is in the form of a pass-through certificate or similar 
funded beneficial interest, the unit principal balance, certificate balance or similar measure of unreimbursed principal 
investment. 
1.7.8.2 Obligation and [Deliverable Obligation]** [Selected Obligation]* 
For the purposes of subparagraph (A) of the definition of "Obligation" in Condition 2 below  and subparagraph (B) of the 
definition of "[Deliverable Obligation]** [Selected Obligation]*" in Condition 2 below , the definition of Relevant Guarantee is 
amended by adding "or Qualifying Policy" after "a Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee". 
1.7.8.3 Interpretation of Provisions 
In the event that an Obligation or a [Deliverable Obligation]** [Selected Obligation]* is a Qualifying Policy, the terms of the 
second part of the definition of "Qualifying Guarantee" in Condition 2 below , starting w ith "If an Obligation", w ill apply, w ith 
references to the Relevant Guarantee, the Underlying Obligation and the Underlying Obligor deemed to include the 
Qualifying Policy, the Insured Instrument and the Insured Obligor, respectively, except that: 
(i) 
the Obligation Category Borrow ed Money and the Obligation Category and [Deliverable Obligation]** [Selected 
Obligation]* Category Bond shall be deemed to include distributions payable under an Insured Instrument in the 
form of a pass-through certificate or similar funded beneficial interest, the [Deliverable Obligation]** [Selected 
Obligation]* Category Bond shall be deemed to include such an Insured Instrument, and the terms "obligation" and

--- Page 587 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
587 
 
"obligor" as used in these Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants in respect of such an Insured 
Instrument shall be construed accordingly; 
(ii) 
references in the definitions of "Assignable Loan" and "Consent Required Loan" in Condition 2 below  to the 
guarantor and guaranteeing shall be deemed to include the insurer and insuring, respectively; 
(iii) 
neither the Qualifying Policy nor the Insured Instrument must satisfy on the relevant date the [Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic]** [Selected Obligation Characteristic]* of Accelerated or Matured, w hether or not that characteristic 
is otherw ise specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms; 
(iv) 
if the Assignable Loan, Consent Required Loan or Transferable [Deliverable Obligation Characteristics]** [Selected 
Obligation Characteristics]* are specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms and if the benefit of the 
Qualifying Policy is not transferred as part of any transfer of the Insured Instrument, the Qualifying Policy must be 
transferable at least to the same extent as the Insured Instrument; 
(v) 
w ith respect to an Insured Instrument in the form of a pass-through certificate or similar funded beneficial interest, 
the term "maturity", as such term is used in the Maximum Maturity [Deliverable Obligation Characteristic]** [Selected 
Obligation Characteristic]*, shall mean the specified date by w hich the Qualifying Policy guarantees or insures, as 
applicable, that the ultimate distribution of the Certificate Balance w ill occur; and 
(vi) 
w ith respect to a Qualifying Policy and an Insured Instrument, only the Qualifying Policy must satisfy on the relevant 
date or dates the "Not Subordinated" Obligation Characteristic or [Deliverable Obligation Characteristic]** [Selected 
Obligation Characteristic]*, if applicable. 
1.7.8.4 Outstanding Principal Balance 
References in the definition of "Outstanding Principal Balance" in Condition 2 below  to a Guarantee, the Underlying 
Obligation and the Underlying Obligor shall be deemed to include a Qualifying Policy, the Insured Instrument and the Insured 
Obligor respectively. Any provisions of an Insured Instrument limiting recourse in respect of such Insured Instrument to the 
proceeds of specified assets (including proceeds subject to a priority of payments) or reducing the amount of any Instrument 
Payments ow ing under such Insured Instrument shall be disregarded for the purpose of paragraph (ii)(B) of the definition of 
"Outstanding Principal Balance" in Condition 2 below , provided that such provisions are not applicable to the Qualifying 
Policy by the terms thereof and the Qualifying Policy continues to guarantee or insure, as applicable, the Instrument 
Payments that w ould have been required to be made absent any such limitation or reduction. 
1.7.8.5 Deliver 
For purposes of the definition of "Deliver" in Condition 2 below , "Deliver" w ith respect to an obligation that is a Qualifying 
Policy means to Deliver both the Insured Instrument and the benefit of the Qualifying Policy (or a custodial receipt issued by 
an internationally recognised custodian representing an interest in such an Insured Instrument and the related Qualifying 
Policy), and "Delivery" and "Delivered" w ill be construed accordingly. 
1.7.8.6 Provisions for Determining a Successor 
Sub-sections (A), (D) and (F) of the definition of "Successor" in Condition 2 below  are hereby amended by adding "or 
Qualifying Policy" after each occurrence of "a Relevant Guarantee". Sub-section (F) of the definition of "Successor" in 
Condition 2 below  is amended by adding "or provider of a Qualifying Policy" after "as guarantor or guarantors". 
1.7.8.7 Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation, Substitute Reference Obligation and Substitution Event 
The definitions of "Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation", "Substitute Reference Obligation(s)" and "Substitution 
Event" in Condition 2 below  are hereby amended by adding "or Qualifying Policy" after "a guarantee". 
1.7.8.8 Restructuring

--- Page 588 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
588 
 
(a) 
With respect to an Insured Instrument that is in the form of a pass-through certificate or similar funded beneficial 
interest or a Qualifying Policy w ith respect thereto, part (A)(1) to (5) in the definition of "Restructuring" of Condition 
2 below  is amended to read as follow s: 
(1) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of the Instrument Payments described in clause (A)(x) of the definition of 
"Instrument Payments" that are guaranteed or insured by the Qualifying Policy (including by w ay of 
redenomination); 
(2) 
a reduction in the amount of the Instrument Payments described in clause (A)(y) of the definition of 
"Instrument Payments" that are guaranteed or insured by the Qualifying Policy (including by w ay of 
redenomination); 
(3) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (A) the payment or accrual of the Instrument 
Payments described in clause (A)(x) of the definition of "Instrument Payments" or (B) the payment of the 
Instrument Payments described in clause (A)(y) of the definition of "Instrument Payments", in each case 
that are guaranteed or insured by the Qualifying Policy; 
(4) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of (A) any Obligation under a Qualifying Policy in respect of 
Instrument Payments, causing the Subordination of such Obligation to any other Obligation or (B) any 
Instrument Payments, causing the Subordination of such Insured Instrument to any other instrument in the 
form of a pass-through certificate or similar funded beneficial interest issued by the Insured Obligor, it 
being understood that, for this purpose, Subordination w ill be deemed to include any such change that 
results in a low er ranking under a priority of payments provision applicable to the relevant Instrument 
Payments; or 
(5) 
any change in the currency of any payment of Instrument Payments that are guaranteed or insured by the 
Qualifying Policy to any currency other than the law ful currency of Canada, Japan, Sw itzerland, the United 
Kingdom and the United States and the euro and any successor currency to any of the aforementioned 
currencies (w hich, in the case of the euro, shall mean the currency w hich succeeds to and replaces the 
euro in w hole). 
(b) 
Subparagraph (B)(4) of the definition of "Restructuring" in Condition 2 below  is deleted in its entirety and replaced 
by the follow ing: 
"the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in paragraphs (A)(1) to (A)(5) 
above in circumstances w here such event does not directly or indirectly result from a deterioration in the 
creditw orthiness or financial condition of the Reference Entity, provided that in respect of paragraph (A)(5) above 
only, no such deterioration in the creditw orthiness or financial condition of the Reference Entity is required w here 
the redenomination is from euros into another currency and occurs as a result of action taken by a Governmental 
Authority or a Member State of the European Union w hich is of general application in the jurisdiction of such 
Governmental Authority or, in the case of Qualifying Policy and an Insured Instrument, w here (A) the Qualifying 
Policy continues to guarantee or insure, as applicable, that the same Instrument Payments w ill be made on the 
same dates on w hich the Qualifying Policy guaranteed or insured that such Instrument Payments w ould be made 
prior to such event and (B) such event is not a change in the ranking in the priority of payment of the Qualifying 
Policy". 
(c) 
Paragraphs (C), (D) and (E) of the definition of "Restructuring" in Condition 2 below  are deleted in their entirety and 
replaced by the follow ing: 
"(C) 
For the purposes of paragraphs (A) and (B) above and, unless Multiple Holder Obligation is specified as 
"Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, paragraph (F) below  and the definition of Multiple Holder 
Obligation, the term Obligation shall be deemed to include Underlying Obligations for w hich the Reference 
Entity is acting as provider of a Guarantee. In the case of a Guarantee and an Underlying Obligation, 
references to the Reference Entity in paragraph (A) above shall be deemed to refer to the Underlying 
Obligor and the reference to the Reference Entity in paragraph (B) above shall continue to refer to the 
Reference Entity.

--- Page 589 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
589 
 
(D) 
If an exchange has occurred, the determination as to w hether one of the events described under 
paragraphs (A)(1) to (A)(5) above has occurred w ill be based on a comparison of the terms of the Bond 
immediately prior to such exchange and the terms of the resulting obligations immediately follow ing such 
exchange. 
(E) 
For the purposes of paragraphs (A) and (B) above and, unless Multiple Holder Obligation is specified as 
"Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, paragraph (F) below  and the definition of Multiple Holder 
Obligation, the term Obligation shall be deemed to include Insured Instruments for w hich the Reference 
Entity is acting as provider of a Qualifying Policy. In the case of a Qualifying Policy and an Insured 
Instrument, references to the Reference Entity in paragraph (A) above shall be deemed to refer to the 
Insured Obligor and the reference to the Reference Entity in paragraph (B) above shall continue to refer 
to the Reference Entity. 
(F) 
Unless Multiple Holder Obligation is specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, then, 
notw ithstanding anything to the contrary in paragraphs (A), (B), (C) and (E) above, the occurrence of, 
agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in paragraphs (A)(1) to (A)(5) above shall 
not be a Restructuring unless the Obligation in respect of any such events is a Multiple Holder Obligation."  
1.7.8.9 Fully Transferable Obligation and Conditionally Transferable Obligation 
In the event that a Fully Transferable Obligation or Conditionally Transferable Obligation is a Qualifying Policy, the Insure d 
Instrument must meet the requirements of the relevant definition and, if the benefit of the Qualifying Policy is not transferred 
as part of any transfer of the Insured Instrument, the Qualifying Policy must be transferable at least to the same extent as 
the Insured Instrument. References in the definition of "Conditionally Transferable Obligation" to the guarantor and 
guaranteeing shall be deemed to include the insurer and insuring, respectively. With respect to an Insured Instrument in the 
form of a pass-through certificate or similar funded beneficial interest, the term "final maturity date", as such term is used in 
the definitions of "Mod R", "Mod Mod R" and "Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date" in Condition 2 below , shall mean the 
specified date by w hich the Qualifying Policy guarantees or insures, as applicable, that the ultimate distribution of the 
Certificate Balance w ill occur. 
1.7.8.10 Other Provisions 
For purposes of the definitions of "Prohibited Action", "Credit Event" and "Deliver" in Condition 2 below , references to the 
Underlying Obligation and the Underlying Obligor shall be deemed to include Insured Instruments and the Insured Obligor, 
respectively. Any transfer or similar fee reasonably incurred by the Issuer or Societe Generale in connection w ith the Delivery 
of a Qualifying Policy and payable to the Reference Entity in respect thereof shall be deducted from the [Credit Linked 
Physical Delivery Amount]** [Credit Event Payment Amount]* equally on the [Physical Settlement Date]** [Settlement Date]*. 
1.7.9 
Additional provisions applicable for a Reference Entity in respect of which the applicable Final Terms specify that 
the "2014 CoCo Supplement " is applicable 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the "2014 CoCo Supplement" is applicable to the Transaction Type w ith respect to 
a Reference Entity, then the follow ing provisions w ill apply w ith respect to such Reference Entity: 
1.7.9.1 Additional definitions 
Condition 2.3 is hereby amended by the addition of the follow ing new  definitions: 
CoCo Provision means, w ith respect to an Obligation, a provision w hich requires (i) a permanent or temporary reduction of 
the amount of principal payable at redemption or (ii) a conversion of principal into shares or another instrument, in each 
case, if the Capital Ratio is at or below  the Trigger Percentage. 
Trigger Percentage means the trigger percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms (or if no such trigger percentage 
is specified, 5.25 per cent.).

--- Page 590 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
590 
 
Capital Ratio means the ratio of capital to risk w eighted assets applicable to the Obligation, as described in the terms thereof 
in effect from time to time. 
1.7.9.2 Other Provisions 
A CoCo Provision shall be deemed to be a provision w hich permits a Governmental Intervention for all purposes under these 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants. 
If, w ith respect to one or more Obligations and in relation to an aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement, 
the operation of one or more CoCo Provisions results in (i) a permanent or temporary reduction of the amount of principal 
payable at redemption or (ii) a conversion of principal into shares or another instrument, such event shall be deemed to 
constitute a Governmental Intervention w ithin the meaning of Condition 2 below . 
1.7.10 
Additional provisions applicable for a Reference Entity in respect of which the applicable Final Terms specify that 
"No Asset Package Delivery" is applicable 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "No Asset Package Delivery" is applicable to the Transaction Type w ith respect to 
a Reference Entity, then the follow ing provisions w ill apply w ith respect to such Reference Entity: 
it shall be deemed that no Package Observable Bond nor Prior Deliverable Obligation, as applicable, exists w ith respect to 
such Reference Entity (even if such a Package Observable Bond or Prior Deliverable Obligation, as per Condition 2 below , 
has been published by ISDA or specified by the Calculation Agent), and, Asset Package Delivery shall not apply thereto. 
1.7.11 
Additional provisions applicable for a Reference Entity in respect of which the applicable Final Terms specify that 
the "Senior Non-Preferred Supplement" is applicable 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the "Senior Non-Preferred Supplement" is applicable to the Transaction Type w ith 
respect to a Reference Entity, then the follow ing provisions w ill apply w ith respect to such Reference Entity: 
1.7.11.1 Additional definitions 
Condition 2 below  is hereby amended by the addition of the follow ing new  definitions: 
Senior Non-Preferred Transaction means, in respect of a Reference Entity, that the applicable Final Terms specify that 
the "Senior Non-Preferred Supplement" is applicable to the Transaction Type w ith respect to such Reference Entity. A Senior 
Non-Preferred Transaction shall constitute a Subordinated Transaction as defined in Condition 2 below . 
Senior Non-Preferred Obligation means any obligation of the Reference Entity w hich is Subordinated (as defined in 
Condition 2 below ) only to any unsubordinated Borrow ed Money obligations of the Reference Entity but not further or 
otherw ise, or w hich w ould be so Subordinated if any unsubordinated Borrow ed Money obligations of the Reference Entity 
existed, and w hich ranks above Traditional Subordinated Obligations of the Reference Entity or w hich w ould so rank if any 
Traditional Subordinated Obligations of the Reference Entity existed. A Senior Non-Preferred Obligation shall constitute a 
Subordinated Obligation as defined in Condition 2 below . 
Traditional Subordinated Obligation means (w ithout limitation), in respect of a Senior Non-Preferred Obligation, (i) Tier 2 
Subordinated Obligations of the Reference Entity; (ii) any obligations of the Reference Entity w hich rank or are expressed to  
rank pari passu w ith any Tier 2 Subordinated Obligations of the Reference Entity; and (iii) any obligations of the Reference 
Entity w hich are Subordinated to the obligations thereto described in (i) and (ii) above. A Traditional Subordinated Obligati on 
shall constitute a Further Subordinated Obligation for the purposes of Condition 2 below . 
Tier 2 Subordinated Obligation means any obligation of the Reference Entity w hich meets the conditions set out in Article 
63 of Regulation 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013, as such Article may be amended 
or replaced from time to time (the CRR) or w hich are (or w ere at any time) otherw ise eligible as a Tier 2 item in accordance 
w ith the CRR.

--- Page 591 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
591 
 
Subordination means as defined in Condition 2 below  and such term shall be applied in the assessment of any Obligation 
w ithout regard to how  the Obligation is described by the law s of any relevant jurisdiction, including any characterisation of  
the Obligation as senior or unsubordinated by the law s of any relevant jurisdiction. 
1.7.11.2 Other provisions 
Paragraph (a) of the definition "Reference Obligation" in Condition 2 below  is amended by adding “provided that, irrespective 
of any Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation specified in the applicable Final Terms, if (i) a Senior Non-Preferred 
Level Standard Reference Obligation of the Reference Entity is specified on the SRO List, such Standard Reference 
Obligation shall be deemed to constitute the Reference Obligation, or (ii) no such Senior Non-Preferred Level Standard 
Reference Obligation of the Reference Entity is specified on the SRO List but such Standard Reference Obligation has 
previously been specified on the SRO List, there shall be deemed to be no Reference Obligation applicable to the Reference 
Entity and such previously specified Senior Non-Preferred Level Standard Reference Obligation of the Reference Entity shall 
be deemed to constitute the Prior Reference Obligation” after “if any”. 
The definition "Seniority Level" in Condition 2 below  is deleted and replaced w ith the follow ing w ording: “Seniority Level” 
means Senior Non-Preferred Level. 
1.8 
No Frustration 
In the absence of other reasons, performance of the Issuer’s obligations under the Credit Linked Warrants w ill not be 
considered frustrated, or otherw ise void or voidable (w hether for mistake or otherw ise) solely because: 
(a) 
a Reference Entity does not exist on, or ceases to exist on or follow ing, the Issue Date; and/or 
(b) 
Obligations, [Selected]* [Deliverable]** Obligations, Specified Deliverable Obligations or Reference Obligations do 
not exist on, or cease to exist on or follow ing, the Issue Date. 
1.9 
Timing 
Subject to the paragraph below  and the provisions relating to Notices set out herein, in order to determine the day on w hich 
an event occurs, the demarcation of days shall be made by reference to Greenw ich Mean Time (or, if the Transaction Type 
(as specified in the applicable Final Terms) of the Reference Entity relates to Japan, Tokyo time), irrespective of the time 
zone in w hich such event occurred. Any event occurring at midnight shall be deemed to have occurred immediately prior to 
midnight. 
If a payment is not made by the Reference Entity on its due date or, as the case may be, on the final day of the relevant 
Grace Period, then such failure to make a payment shall be deemed to have occurred on such day prior to midnight 
Greenw ich Mean Time (or, if the Transaction Type (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) of the Reference Entity relates 
to Japan, Tokyo time), irrespective of the time zone of its place of payment. 
1.10 
Reference Entities Switch and/or Settlement Date Extension at the option of the Issuer 
1.10.1 
Specific Definitions 
Reference Entities Switch means, w ith respect to the Reference Portfolio comprising a given Markit index components as 
Reference Entity(ies) as described in “Annex for Credit Linked Warrants" of the applicable Final Terms (the initial Reference 
Portfolio), the replacement of any components of the initial Reference Portfolio by the components of the Amended 
Reference Portfolio, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Amended Reference Portfolio means the portfolio comprising the Reference Entities, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent follow ing the occurrence of the Reference Entities Sw itch, provided that the Amended Reference Portfolio shall alw ays 
refer to the same Markit index family (but a different Series) than the initial Reference Portfolio, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms.

--- Page 592 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
592 
 
Settlement Date Extension means the extension, if any, of the Settlement Date or Scheduled Settlement Date, as the case 
may be, specified in the applicable Final terms (respectively the initial Settlement Date or the initial Scheduled Settlement 
Date) by up to 7 calendar months (respectively the Amended Settlement Date or the Amended Scheduled Settlement 
Date), as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
1.10.2 
Reference Entities Switch and/or Settlement Date Extension 
With respect to Tranche Warrants and if the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause “Reference Entities Sw itch and/or 
Settlement Date Extension at the option of the Issuer” is “Applicable,” the Credit Linked Warrants are subject to, from and 
including the Issue Date to and including the day falling 1 calendar year after the Issue Date, (i) Reference Entities Sw itch 
and/or (ii) Settlement Date Extension, at the option of the Issuer, upon giving notice to the Warrantholders, in accordance 
w ith Condition [12] (Notices)[12] (Notices) of the General Terms and Conditions pursuant to a notice period (the Notice  
Period) specified in the applicable Final Terms (w hich notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date for the 
Reference Entities Sw itch and Settlement Date Extension). 
If a Notice of Pending Credit Event or a Credit Event Notice, in respect of the initial Reference Portfolio, has been delivered 
prior to, or is delivered to the Warrantholders on the same day as, or after, any such notice of Reference Entities Sw itch and 
Settlement Date Extension, the latter w ill prevail and any previously delivered such Notice of Pending Credit Event or Credit 
Event Notice shall be deemed to be void and of no effect. 
A revised Reference Entity, Amended Reference Portfolio, Amended Settlement Date or A mended Scheduled Settlement 
Date (as the case may be) w ill be deemed a Reference Entity, Reference Portfolio, Settlement Date or Scheduled Settlement 
Date respectively. 
1.11 
Amendments to these Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants  
The Calculation Agent may, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, from time to time amend any 
provision of these Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants and/or the applicable Final Terms (i) to 
incorporate and/or reflect and/or take account of (x) further or alternative documents or protocols from time to time published 
by ISDA w ith respect to credit derivative transactions w hich may, w ithout limitation, relate to one or more Reference Entitie s 
or Reference Entity types and/or the settlement of credit derivative transactions and/or (y) the operation or application of 
determinations by any Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee and/or (ii) in any manner w hich the Calculation Agent, 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines is necessary or desirable (including from the 
perspective of Societe Generale or any of its Affiliates) to reflect or account for market practice for credit derivatives 
transactions and/or to eliminate or account for any provisions of the Hedge Positions w ith the aim of ensuring no mismatch 
or discrepancy betw een rights and obligations under the Hedge Positions and under the Credit Linked Warrants. Such 
amendments may include, w ithout limitation, varying any date or timing or procedures provided for in these Additional Terms 
and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants and/or the applicable Final Terms. PROVIDED THAT, subject as set out in the 
next paragraph of this Condition 1.11, such amendments may not include changes to the currency of the Credit Linked 
Warrants, the Cash Settlement Amount or Physical Delivery Amount, as the case may be, payable or deliverable in respect 
of the Credit Linked Warrants on the Expiration Date of the Credit Linked Warrants. 
In the event that such amendments lead to a revised Reference Entity then a Credit Event may be triggered on such revised 
Reference Entity and the consequential provisions of these Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants w ill 
apply in the usual manner. 
Any amendment made pursuant to this paragraph w ill be notified to Warrantholders pursuant to the provisions of Condition 
[12]/[12] of the General Terms and Conditions. 
2. 
DEFINITIONS 
Accelerated or Matured means an obligation under w hich the principal amount ow ed, w hether by reason of maturity, 
acceleration, termination or otherw ise is due and payable in full in accordance w ith the terms of such obligation, or w ould 
have been but for, and w ithout regard to, any limitation imposed under any applicable insolvency law s.

--- Page 593 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
593 
 
Additional LPN means any bond issued in the form of a loan participation note (an LPN) by an entity (the LPN Issuer) for 
the sole purpose of providing funds for the LPN Issuer to (A) finance a loan to the Reference Entity (the Underlying Loan); 
or (B) provide finance to the Reference Entity by w ay of a deposit, loan or other Borrow ed Money instrument (the Underlying 
Finance Instrument); provided that, (i) either (a) in the event that there is an Underlying Loan w ith respect to such LPN the 
Underlying Loan satisfies the Obligation Characteristics specified in respect of the Reference Entity; or (b) in the event that 
there is an Underlying Finance Instrument w ith respect to such LPN the Underlying Finance Instrument satisfies the Not 
Subordinated, Not Domestic Law  and Not Domestic Currency Obligation Characteristics; (ii) the LPN satisfies the follow ing 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics or Selected Obligation Characteristics (as applicable): Transferable, Not Bearer, 
Specified Currency- Standard Specified Currencies, Not Domestic Law , Not Domestic Issuance; and (iii) the LPN Issuer has, 
as of the issue date of such obligation, granted a First Ranking Interest over or in respect of certain of its rights in relation to 
the relevant Underlying Loan or Underlying Finance Instrument (as applicable) for the benefit of the holders of the LPNs. 
Additional Obligation means each of the obligations listed as an Additional Obligation of the Reference Entity in the 
applicable Final Terms or set forth on the relevant LPN Reference Obligations List, as published by Markit Group Limited, or 
any successor thereto, as of the Issue Date, w hich list is currently available at http://w ww.markit.com (or any successor 
w ebsite thereto) or as stipulated in the applicable Final Terms. 
Affiliate means, in relation to any person, any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, by the person, any entity that controls, 
directly or indirectly, the person or any entity directly or indirectly under common control w ith the person. For this purpose, 
control of any entity or person means ow nership of a majority of the voting pow er of the entity or person concerned. 
Aggregate Loss Amount means at any time: 
(A) 
for a Basket Warrant that is not a Tranche Warrant, the aggregate of the Loss Amount in respect of all Reference 
Entities in respect of w hich a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred; or 
(B) 
for a Tranche Warrant, the low est of: 
(i) 
the Tranche Notional Amount; and 
(ii) 
the highest of (x) zero and (y) the difference betw een (xx) the aggregate of the Loss Amount for all 
Reference Entities in respect of w hich a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred and (xy) the 
Tranche Subordination Amount. 
Aggregate Warrant Notional Amount means, as of the Issue Date, in respect of an Issue of Warrants, the product of the 
Notional Amount per Warrant multiplied by the number of Warrants in respect of such Issue of Warrants. 
Alternative Physical Delivery Amount means, for each Warrant, an amount of Deliverable Assets w ith a market value 
equal to (i) w here one or more Credit Events has occurred, the relevant Credit Event Payment Amount as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance w ith the provisions set out in the applicable Final Terms if Condition 1.1.3.3 above apply or 
(ii) w here a Credit Event has not occurred, the Physical Delivery Amount. 
American Settlement means in respect of Credit Linked Warrants that the Settlement Type specified in the applicable Final 
Terms is "American Settlement". 
Asset means each obligation, equity, amount of cash, security, fee (including any "early-bird" or other consent fee), right 
and/or other asset, w hether tangible or otherw ise and w hether issued, incurred, paid or provided by the relevant Reference 
Entity or a third party (or any value w hich w as realised or capable of being realised in circumstances w here the right and/or  
asset no longer exists). 
Asset Market Value means the market value of an Asset, as the Calculation Agent shall determine by reference to an 
appropriate specialist valuation or in accordance w ith the methodology determined by the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee. 
Asset Package means, in respect of an Asset Package Credit Event, all of the Assets in the proportion received or retained 
by a Relevant Holder in connection w ith such relevant Asset Package Credit Event (w hich may include the Prior Deliverable

--- Page 594 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
594 
 
Obligation or Package Observable Bond, as the case may be). If the Relevant Holder is offered a choice of Assets or a 
choice of combinations of Assets, the Asset Package w ill be the Largest Asset Package. If the Relevant Holder is offered, 
receives and retains nothing, the Asset Package shall be deemed to be zero. 
Asset Package Credit Event means: 
(a) 
(i) if Financial Reference Entity Terms and Governmental Intervention is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable 
Final Terms, a Governmental Intervention; or (ii) if Restructuring is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final 
Terms and such Restructuring does not constitute a Governmental Intervention, a Restructuring in respect of the 
Reference Obligation; and 
(b) 
if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign and Restructuring is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, 
a Restructuring, 
in each case, w hether or not such event is specified as the applicable Credit Event in the Credit Event Notice. 
Asset Package Delivery w ill apply if an Asset Package Credit Event occurs unless (i) such Asset Package Credit Event 
occurs prior to the First Credit Event Occurrence Date or such later date determined by the Calculation Agent as appropriate 
by reference to any Hedge Position, or (ii) if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign, no Package Observable Bond exists 
immediately prior to such Asset Package Credit Event. 
Assignable Loan means a Loan that is capable of being assigned or novated to, at a minimum, commercial banks or 
financial institutions (irrespective of their jurisdiction of organisation) that are not then a lender or a member of the relevant 
lending syndicate, w ithout the consent of the relevant Reference Entity or the guarantor, if any, of such Loan (or the consent 
of the applicable borrow er if such Reference Entity is guaranteeing such Loan) or any agent. If the [Deliverable]**[Selected] * 
Obligation Characteristic Assignable Loan is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, such Final Terms shall 
be construed as though 
such [Deliverable]**[Selected]* 
Obligation 
Characteristic 
had been 
specified as a 
[Deliverable]**[Selected]* Obligation Characteristic only w ith respect to Loans and shall only be relevant if Loans are covered 
by the specified [Deliverable]**[Selected]* Obligation Category. 
Attachment Point means in respect of Tranche Warrants, the number (expressed as a percentage) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Auction has the meaning set forth in the relevant Transaction Auction Settlement Terms. 
Auction Cancellation Date has the meaning set forth in the relevant Transaction Auction Settlement Terms. 
Auction Method means that, in respect of a Reference Entity in respect of w hich a Credit Event Determination Date has 
occurred, the Final Value w ill be determined by reference to the relevant Transaction Auction Settlement Terms. 
Bankruptcy means a Reference Entity: 
(A) 
is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
(B) 
becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts or fails or admits in w riting in a judicial, regulatory or administrative 
proceeding or filing its inability generally to pay its debts as they become due; 
(C) 
makes a general assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition w ith or for the benefit of its creditors generally, 
or such a general assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition becomes effective; 
(D) 
institutes or has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other 
similar relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law  or other law  affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented 
for its w inding up or liquidation, and, in the case of any such proceeding or petition instituted or presented against 
it, such proceeding or petition (i) results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief  
or the making of an order for its w inding up or liquidation or (ii) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained 
in each case w ithin thirty calendar days of the institution or presentation thereof;

--- Page 595 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
595 
 
(E) 
has a resolution passed for its w inding up or liquidation (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or 
merger); 
(F) 
seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, 
trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or substantially all its assets; 
(G) 
has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, execution, attachment, 
sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or substantially all its assets and 
such secured party maintains possession, or any such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, 
in each case w ithin thirty calendar days thereafter; or 
(H) 
causes or is subject to any event w ith respect to it w hich, under the applicable law s of any jurisdiction, has an 
analogous effect to any of the events specified in paragraphs (A) to (G) (inclusive) of this definition of Bankruptcy. 
Basket Warrant means a Credit Linked Warrant indexed on several Reference Entities for w hich the applicable Final Terms 
specify that the clause "Type of Credit Linked Warrants" is "Basket Warrants". 
Bond means any obligation of a type included in the Borrow ed Money obligation Category that is in the form of, or 
represented by, a bond, note (other than notes delivered pursuant to Loans), certificated debt security or other debt security 
and shall not include any other type of Borrow ed Money. 
Bond or Loan means any obligation that is either a Bond or a Loan. 
Borrowed Money means any obligation (excluding an obligation under a revolving credit arrangement for w hich there are 
no outstanding, unpaid draw ings in respect of principal) for the payment or repayment of borrow ed money (w hich term shall 
include, w ithout limitation, deposits and reimbursement obligations arising from draw ings pursuant to letters of credit). 
Business Day means, the days specified in the applicable Final Terms [and solely for the purposes of physical settlement, 
if applicable, a day in any other jurisdiction in w hich a bank must be open in order to effect settlement of any Deliverable 
Obligations being Delivered]**. 
Cash Settlement means in respect of Credit Linked Warrants that the Settlement Method specified in the applicable Final 
Terms is "Cash Settlement". 
Conditionally Transferable Obligation means: 
(A) 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Settlement Method" is "Physical Settlement": 
A Deliverable Obligation that is either Transferable, in the case of Bonds, or capable of being assigned or novated 
to all Modified Eligible Transferees w ithout the consent of any person being required, in the case of any Deliverable 
Obligation other than Bonds and in each case, as of the date(s) determined by the Calculation Agent by reference 
to any Hedge Positions, provided, how ever, that a Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds w ill be a Conditionally 
Transferable Obligation notw ithstanding that consent of the Reference Entity or the guarantor, if any, of a 
Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds (or the consent of the relevant obligor if a Reference Entity is guaranteeing 
such Deliverable Obligation) or any agent is required for such novation, assignment or transfer so long as the terms 
of such Deliverable Obligation provide that such consent may not be unreasonably w ithheld or delayed. Any 
requirement that notification of novation, assignment or transfer of a Deliverable Obligation be provided to a trustee, 
fiscal agent, administrative agent, clearing agent or paying agent for a Deliverable Obligation shall not be considered 
to be a requirement for consent for purposes of the definition of Conditionally Transferable Obligation. 
Where Mod Mod R applies and a Deliverable Obligation specified in a Notice of Physical Settlement is a 
Conditionally Transferable Obligation w ith respect to w hich consent is required to novate, assign or transfer, and 
the requisite consent is refused (w hether or not a reason is given for such refusal and, w here a reason is given for 
such refusal, regardless of that reason), or is not received by the Physical Settlement Date (in w hich case it shall 
be deemed to have been refused), the cash settlement provisions described in Condition 1 above shall apply.

--- Page 596 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
596 
 
(B) 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Settlement Method" is "Cash Settlement": 
A Selected Obligation that is either Transferable, in the case of Bonds, or capable of being assigned or novated to 
all Modified Eligible Transferees w ithout the consent of any person being required, in the case of any Selected 
Obligation other than Bonds and in each case, as of the date(s) determined by the Calculation Agent by reference 
to any Hedge Positions, provided, how ever, that a Selected Obligation other than Bonds w ill be a Conditionally 
Transferable Obligation notw ithstanding that consent of the Reference Entity or the guarantor, if any, of a Selected 
Obligation other than Bonds (or the consent of the relevant obligor if a Reference Entity is guaranteeing such 
Selected Obligation) or any agent is required for such novation, assignment or transfer so long as the terms  of such 
Selected Obligation provide that such consent may not be unreasonably w ithheld or delayed. Any requirement that 
notification of novation, assignment or transfer of a Selected Obligation be provided to a trustee, fiscal agent, 
administrative agent, clearing agent or paying agent for a Selected Obligation shall not be considered to be a 
requirement for consent for purposes of the definition of Conditionally Transferable Obligation. 
Conforming Reference Obligation means a Reference Obligation w hich is a [Selected]* [Deliverable]** Obligation 
determined in accordance w ith paragraph (B) of the definition of [Selected]* [Deliverable]** Obligation [or, w here Selected 
Obligation is specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, any relevant obligation determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to any Hedge Positions]*. 
Consent Required Loan means a Loan that is capable of being assigned or novated w ith the consent of the relevant 
Reference Entity or the guarantor, if any, of such Loan (or the consent of the relevant borrow er if the relevant Reference 
Entity is guaranteeing such Loan) or any agent. If the [Deliverable]**[Selected]* Obligation Characteristic Consent Required 
Loan is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, such Final Terms shall be construed as though such 
[Deliverable]**[Selected]* 
Obligation 
Characteristic had been specified as a [Deliverable]**[Selected]* 
Obligation 
Characteristic only w ith respect to Loans (and shall only be relevant if Loans are covered by the specified 
[Deliverable]**[Selected]* Obligation Category). 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee means each committee established by ISDA pursuant to the DC Rules for 
purposes of reaching certain DC Resolutions (including, but not limited to, the determination of the occurrence of a Credit 
Event and the establishment of the Transaction Auction Settlement Terms) in connection w ith "Credit Derivative 
Transactions" as more fully described in the DC Rules. 
Credit Event means, w ith respect to a Reference Entity as determined by the Calculation Agent, the occurrence during the 
period from and including the First Credit Event Occurrence Date to and including the Last Credit Event Occurrence Date of 
one or more of: 
Bankruptcy, Failure to Pay, Obligation Acceleration, Obligation Default, Repudiation/Moratorium, Restructuring or 
Governmental Intervention, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If an occurrence w ould otherw ise constitute a Credit Event, such occurrence w ill constitute a Credit Event w hether or not 
such occurrence arises directly or indirectly from, or is subject to a defence based upon: 
(A) 
any lack or alleged lack of authority or capacity of a Reference Entity to enter into any Obligation or, as applicable, 
an Underlying Obligor to enter into any Underlying Obligation; 
(B) 
any actual or alleged unenforceability, illegality, impossibility or invalidity w ith respect to any Obligation or, as 
applicable, any Underlying Obligation, how ever described; 
(C) 
any applicable law , order, regulation, decree or notice, how ever described, or the promulgation of, or any change 
in, the interpretation by any court, tribunal, regulatory authority or similar administrative or judicial body w ith 
competent or apparent jurisdiction of any applicable law , order, regulation, decree or notice, how ever described; or 
(D) 
the imposition of, or any change in, any exchange controls, capital restrictions or any other similar restrictions 
imposed by any monetary or other authority, how ever described.

--- Page 597 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
597 
 
A Credit Event need not be continuing on the Credit Event Determination Date. 
Credit Event Determination Date means, in relation to a Credit Event, the date specified in the related Credit Event Notice, 
w hich date w ill be, in the determination of the Calculation Agent (a) the Credit Event Resolution Request Date in respect of 
such Credit Event; (b) such other date as determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to such sources as it deems 
appropriate, including w ithout limitation, by reference to Hedge Positions; or (c) if no such date is specified, the date the 
Credit Event Notice is delivered. 
In respect of Short Warrants, a Credit Event Determination Date w ill be deemed to have occurred each time a DC Credit 
Event Announcement has occurred in respect of a Reference Entity, and a Credit Event Notice shall be delivered accordingly. 
Credit Event Notice means an irrevocable notice that is effective during the Notice Delivery Period delivered by or on behalf  
of the Issuer to the Warrantholders that describes a Credit Event that occurred on or prior to the Last Credit Event Occurrence 
Date. A Credit Event Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the determination that a  
Credit Event has occurred. The Credit Event that is the subject of a Credit Event Notice need not be continuing on the Credit 
Event Determination Date. Unless Notice of Publicly Available Information is specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable 
Final Terms, if a Credit Event Notice contains Publicly Available Information, such Credit Event Notice w ill also be deemed 
to be a Notice of Publicly Available Information. 
Credit Event Payment Amount means: 
(a) 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Settlement Method" is "Physical Settlement": 
In respect of each Credit Linked Warrant for w hich physical settlement is partially or totally Illegal or Impossible, an 
amount equal to the sum of each Credit Event Payment Amount per Undeliverable Obligation; or 
(b) 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Settlement Method" is "Cash Settlement": 
(i) 
in respect of Single Name Warrants and First-to-Default Warrants that are Long Warrants w here the 
Principal Credit Factor and the Principal Loss Factor are both equal to 100%, an amount, subject to a 
minimum of zero, equal to the product of the Final Value multiplied by the Nominal Amount of each Warrant 
minus the Unw ind Costs in respect of the Credit Event Determination Date; or 
(ii) 
in respect of Single Name Warrants and First-to-Default Warrants that are Long Warrants w here the 
Principal Credit Factor and/or the Principal Loss Factor is different from 100%, an amount, subject to a 
minimum of zero, equal to the product of (1) the Principal Credit Factor and (2) the Nominal Amount of 
each Warrant minus the product of (a) the Nominal Amount of each Warrant, (b) the Principal Loss Factor 
and (c) the difference betw een the Reference Price and the Final Value, minus the Unw ind Costs in respect 
of the Credit Event Determination Date; or 
(iii) 
in respect of Single Name Warrants and First-to-Default Warrants that are Short Warrants w here the 
Principal Credit Factor and the Principal Loss Factor are both equal to 100%, an amount, subject to a 
minimum of zero, equal to the difference betw een (1) the product of (x) the positive difference betw een 
the Reference Price and the Final Value (expressed as a percentage) and (y) the Nominal Amount of each 
Warrant and (2) the Unw ind Costs in respect of the Credit Event Determination Date; or 
(iv) 
in respect of Single Name Warrants and First-to-Default Warrants that are Short Warrants w here the 
Principal Credit Factor and/or the Principal Loss Factor is different from 100%, an amount, subject to a 
minimum of zero, equal to the product of (1) the Principal Credit Factor and (2) the difference betw een (a) 
the product of (x) the Principal Loss Factor, (y) the positive difference betw een the Reference Price and 
the Final Value (expressed as a percentage) and (z) the Nominal Amount of each Warrant and (b) the 
Unw ind Costs in respect of the Credit Event Determination Date; or 
(v) 
in respect of Basket Warrants and Tranche Warrants that are Long Warrants w here the Principal Credit 
Factor and/or the Principal Loss Factor are both equal to 100%, an amount, subject to a minimum of zero, 
equal for each Warrant to (i) the Relevant Proportion of the difference betw een the Aggregate Warrant

--- Page 598 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
598 
 
Notional Amount and the Aggregate Loss Amount as at the applicable Exercise Date minus (ii) the 
aggregate of the Unw ind Costs calculated in respect of all Credit Event Determination Dates, as at the 
Expiration Date; or 
(vi) 
in respect of Basket Warrants and Tranche Warrants that are Long Warrants w here the Principal Credit 
Factor and/or the Principal Loss Factor is different from 100%, an amount, subject to a minimum of zero, 
equal for each Warrant to the product of (i) the Principal Credit Factor and (ii) the difference betw een (x) 
the Relevant Proportion of the difference betw een the Aggregate Warrant Notional Amount and the product 
of the Principal Loss Factor and the Aggregate Loss Amount as at the applicable Exercise Date and (y) 
the aggregate of the Unw ind Costs calculated in respect of all Credit Event Determination Dates, as at the 
Expiration Date; or 
(vii) 
in respect of Basket Warrants and Tranche Warrants that are Short Warrants, an amount, subject to a 
minimum of zero, equal for each Warrant to (i) the Relevant Proportion of the Aggregate Loss Amount as 
at the applicable Exercise Date minus (ii) the aggregate of the Unw ind Costs calculated in respect of all 
Credit Event Determination Dates, as at the Expiration Date. 
Credit Event Payment Amount per Undeliverable Obligation means, in respect of one Credit Linked Warrant and an 
Undeliverable Obligation, the product of (i) the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, of 
such Undeliverable Obligation and (ii) the final price of such Undeliverable Obligation determined in accordance w ith 
Quotation Dealers Method (save as provided below ), divided by the number of Warrants in respect of w hich there are such 
Undeliverable Obligations. 
For the avoidance of doubt, w here Illegal or Impossible is due to the inability to purchase the Specified Deliverable 
Obligations despite the Issuer's reasonable efforts, the final price of the Undeliverable Obligation w ill be determined in 
accordance w ith Auction Method. If no Transaction Auction Settlement Terms are published on or prior to the Credit Valuation 
Date, such final price w ill be deemed to be zero. 
Credit Event Payment Date means: 
(a) 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Settlement Type" is "American Settlement": 
The day that is four Payment Business Days (or in respect of Uncertificated Sw edish Warrants, Uncertificated 
Norw egian Warrants or Uncertificated Finnish Warrants, tw elve Payment Business Days) follow ing the Final 
Valuation Notice Receipt Date or, in relation to Basket Warrants and to Tranche Warrants, follow ing the last Final 
Valuation Notice Receipt Date, 
(b) 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Settlement Type" is "European Settlement": 
The later of (x) the Scheduled Expiration Date and (y) the date determined in accordance w ith (a) above. 
Credit Event Resolution Request Date means, w ith respect to a DC Credit Event Question, the date, as publicly announced 
by the DC Secretary, that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves to be the date on w hich the  
DC Credit Event Question w as effective and on w hich the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee w as in 
possession of Publicly Available Information w ith respect to such DC Credit Event Question. 
Credit Linked Physical Delivery Amount means, for each Warrant: 
Specified Deliverable Obligations w ith (a) an Outstanding Principal Balance (w here such Specified Deliverable 
Obligations are Borrow ed Money) or (b) a Due and Payable Amount (w here such Specified Deliverable Obligations 
are not Borrow ed Money), 
in each case determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance w ith the follow ing formula, subject to a minimum of zero: 
A x (B– C)

--- Page 599 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
599 
 
Where: 
A means the Principal Credit Factor; 
B means either (i) the Nominal Amount or (ii) the Partial Cancellation Amount (in the event of a Restructuring as contemplated 
in Condition 1.2 above) or (iii) the Multiple Successor Notional Amount (in the circumstances contemplated in Condition 1.3 
above); and 
C means an equivalent number of Specified Deliverable Obligations w ith a market value equal to the amount of the Unw ind 
Costs. 
Credit Linked Warrant means a Warrant in respect of w hich these Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked 
Warrants and the Credit Linked Warrants Provisions in the applicable Final Terms apply. 
Credit Valuation Date means: 
(A) 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Settlement Method" is "Cash Settlement" and the clause "Final Value" is 
"Fixed Recovery": 
The date on w hich the Credit Event Notice is delivered to the relevant Clearing System for the information of the 
Warrantholders. 
(B) 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Settlement Method" is "Physical Settlement": 
The date that is tw o Business Days after the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date, subject, as the case may 
be, to Condition 1.1.2.3. PROVIDED THAT if the Calculation Agent is unable to determine the final price of the 
Undeliverable Obligation on the Credit Valuation Date (the Original Credit Valuation Date), the Credit Valuation 
Date w ill be such later date, w ithin the fifteen (15) Business Days' period follow ing the Original Credit Valuation 
Date, on w hich the Calculation Agent is able to determine such final price. 
(C) 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Settlement Method" is "Cash Settlement" and the clause "Final Value" is 
"Floating Recovery": 
(1) 
If the Final Value is to be determined pursuant to Auction Method, the auction date or any other date 
specified by the relevant Transaction Auction Settlement Terms; or 
(2) 
If the Final Value is to be determined pursuant to Quotation Dealers Method, the Calculation Agent w ill 
select a date that is on or before the 160th Business Day follow ing the Credit Event Determination Date 
(the Original Credit Valuation Date), 
PROVIDED THAT if the Calculation Agent is unable to determine the Final Value at the latest on the Original Credit Valuation 
Date, the Credit Valuation Date w ill be such later date, w ithin the fifteen Business Day period follow ing the Original Credit 
Valuation Date, on w hich the Calculation Agent is able to determine the Final Value, 
PROVIDED FURTHER THAT, under no circumstances w ill the Final Value be determined later than the 180th Business Day 
follow ing the corresponding Credit Event Determination Date. 
DC Credit Event Announcement means, w ith respect to a Reference Entity, a public announcement by the DC Secretary 
that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that an event that constitutes a Credit Event 
w ith respect to such Reference Entity has occurred on or after the First Credit Event Occurrence Date and on or prior to the 
Last Credit Event Occurrence Date, provided that if the Credit Event occurred after the Scheduled Last Credit Event 
Occurrence Date, the DC Credit Event Announcement must relate to the relevant Potential Failure to Pay, in the case of a 
Grace Period Extension Date, or the relevant Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, in the case of a Repudiation/Moratoriu m 
Evaluation Date.

--- Page 600 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
600 
 
DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement means, w ith respect to a Reference Entity, a public announcement by the DC 
Secretary that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee w ill be convened to Resolve the matters described in a DC 
Credit Event Question. 
DC Credit Event Question means, w ith respect to a Reference Entity, a notice to the DC Secretary requesting that a Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee be convened to Resolve w hether an event that constitutes a Credit Event has 
occurred w ith respect to such Reference Entity (or one or more Obligations thereof). 
DC Credit Event Question Dismissal means, w ith respect to a Reference Entity, a public announcement by the DC 
Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved not to determine the matters 
described in a DC Credit Event Question. 
DC No Credit Event Announcement means w ith respect to a Reference Entity, a public announcement by the DC Secretary 
that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that an event that is the subject of a DC Credit 
Event Question does not constitute a Credit Event w ith respect to such Reference Entity (or one or more Obligations thereof). 
DC Resolution has the meaning given to that term in the DC Rules. 
DC Rules means the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Rules, as published by ISDA on its w ebsite at 
w ww.isda.org (or any successor w ebsite thereto) from time to time and as amended from time to time in accordance w ith 
the terms thereof. 
DC Secretary has the meaning given to it in the DC Rules. 
Default Requirement means USD 10,000,000 or the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms (or in each case its 
equivalent in the Obligation Currency as of the occurrence of the relevant Credit Event). 
Deliver means to deliver, novate, transfer (including in the case of a Guarantee, transfer of the benefit of the Guarantee), 
assign or sell, as appropriate, in the manner customary for the settlement of the applicable Specified Deliverable Obligation s 
(w hich shall include executing all necessary documentation and taking any other necessary actions), in order to convey all 
right, title (or, w ith respect to Specified Deliverable Obligations w here only equitable title is customarily conveyed, all 
equitable title) and interest in the Specified Deliverable Obligations to the relevant Warrantholder or Warrantholders free and 
clear of any and all liens, charges, claims or encumbrances (excluding any liens routinely imposed on all securities in a 
relevant clearance system, but including, w ithout limitation, any counterclaim, defence (other than a counterclaim or defence 
based on the factors set out in paragraphs (A) to (D) of the definition of Credit Event above) or right of set-off by or of the 
Reference Entity or, as applicable any Underlying Obligor) provided that if a Specified Deliverable Obligation is a Guarantee , 
Deliver means to Deliver both the Underlying Obligation and the Guarantee, provided further that if the Guarantee has a  
Fixed Cap, Deliver means to deliver the Underlying Obligation, the Guarantee and all claims to any amounts w hich are 
subject to such Fixed Cap. Delivery and Delivered w ill be construed accordingly. In the case of a Loan, Delivery shall be 
effected using documentation substantially in the form of the documentation customarily used in the relevant market for 
Delivery of such Loan at that time. 
If Asset Package Delivery applies, (i) Delivery of a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package Observable Bond may be 
satisfied by Delivery of the related Asset Package, and such Asset Package shall be treated as having the same currency, 
Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, as the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package 
Observable Bond to w hich it corresponds had immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event, (ii) the above paragraph 
of this definition of Deliver shall be deemed to apply to each Asset in the Asset Package provided that if any such Asset is 
not a Bond, it shall be treated as if it w ere a Loan for these purposes, (iii) if the Asset Package is zero, the Outstanding 
Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable (or equivalent amount in the Settlement Currency of the Credit 
Linked Warrants) of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond otherw ise due shall be deemed to have 
been Delivered in full three Business Days follow ing the date on w hich the Notice of Physical Settlement is delivered to 
Warrantholders, (iv) the Issuer may satisfy its obligation to make Delivery of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package 
Observable Bond in part by Delivery of each Asset in the Asset Package in the correct proportion, and (v) if the relevant 
Asset is a Non-Transferable Instrument or Non-Financial Instrument, the Asset shall be deemed to be an amount of cash 
equal to the Asset Market Value.

--- Page 601 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
601 
 
Deliverable Obligation means any of: 
(A) 
the Reference Obligation(s) (if any); 
(B) 
any obligation of a Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee), described by the 
Deliverable Obligation Category specified in the applicable Final Terms and having each of the Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified in the applicable Final Terms (as of the date on w hich the Calculation 
Agent determines that such obligations are Deliverable Obligations); 
(C) 
solely in relation to a Restructuring Credit Event applicable to a Reference Entity w hich is a Sovereign, and unless 
Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any Sovereign Restructured Deliverable Obligation: and 
(D) 
if Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any Prior Deliverable Obligation (if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is 
specified as "Applicable" in respect of the Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms) or any Package 
Observable Bond (if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign), 
in each case, (i) unless it is an Excluded Deliverable Obligation; and (ii) provided that the obligation has an Outstanding 
Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount w hich is greater than zero (determined for the purposes of paragraph (D) 
above of this definition, immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event). 
For purposes of assessing the applicability of Deliverable Obligation Characteristics and the requirements specified in the 
definition of Mod R and Mod Mod R to a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package Observable Bond, any such assessment 
shall be made by reference to the terms of the relevant Obligation in effect immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit 
Event. 
If "Subordinated European Insurance Terms" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, if a Deliverable 
Obligation w ould otherw ise satisfy the Maximum Maturity Deliverable Obligation Characteristic, the existence of any 
Solvency Capital Provisions in the relevant Deliverable Obligation shall not cause such Deliverable Obligation to fail to satisfy 
such Deliverable Obligation Characteristic. 
Where a Specified Deliverable Obligation is denominated in a currency other than the Settlement Currency of the Credit 
Linked Warrants, the Calculation Agent w ill determine the Settlement Currency equivalent of Outstanding Principal Balance 
or Due and Payable Amount, as the case may be, in respect of that Specified Deliverable Obligation for the purpose of 
calculating the Credit Linked Physical Delivery Amount determined by reference to the mid-point rate of conversion published 
by WM/Reuters at 4:00 pm (London time), or any successor rate source selected by the Calculation Agent on the date on 
w hich the Notice of Physical Settlement is effective (or, if the Notice of Physical Settlement is changed on or prior to the 
Physical Settlement Date, the date on w hich notice of the last such change is effective) or, if the cash settlement provisions 
apply, on the Credit Valuation Date, or on such other date as determined by the Calculation Agent as appropriate by 
reference to any Hedge Positions and, if such rate is not available at such time, the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it deems appropriate. 
Deliverable Obligation Category means any one of Payment, Borrow ed Money, Reference Obligation Only, Bond, Loan, 
or Bond or Loan, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. In case of Reference Obligation Only, no Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics shall be applicable. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics means any one or more of Not Subordinated, Specified Currency, Not Sovereign 
Lender, Not Domestic Currency, Not Domestic Law , Listed, Assignable Loan, Consent Required Loan, Transferable, Not 
Bearer, Maximum Maturity, Not Domestic Issuance and Accelerated or Matured as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If more than one of Assignable Loan and Consent Required Loan are specified as Deliverable Obligation Characteristics in 
the applicable Final Terms, the Deliverable Obligation may include any Loan that satisfies any one of such Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics specified and need not satisfy all such Deliverable Obligation Characteristics. 
If "Financial Reference Entity Terms" and "Governmental Intervention" are specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, if an obligation w ould otherw ise satisfy a particular Deliverable Obligation Characteristic, the existence of any terms 
in the relevant obligation in effect at the time of making the determination w hich permit the Reference Entity's obligations to

--- Page 602 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
602 
 
be altered, discharged, released or suspended in circumstances w hich w ould constitute a Governmental Intervention, shall 
not cause such obligation to fail to satisfy such Deliverable Obligation Characteristic. 
Deliverable/Selected Obligation Accrued Interest means: 
(a) 
if the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Settlement Method" is "Physical Settlement": 
the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Deliverable Obligations being Delivered w ill exclude accrued but unpaid 
interest, unless "Include Deliverable/Selected Obligation Accrued Interest" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, in w hich case, the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Deliverable Obligations being Delivered w ill include 
accrued but unpaid interest (as the Calculation Agent shall determine); or 
(b) 
if the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Settlement Method" is "Cash Settlement": 
and: 
(i) 
"Include Deliverable/Selected Obligation Accrued Interest" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the relevant Selected Obligation shall include accrued but unpaid 
interest; 
(ii) 
"Exclude Deliverable/Selected Obligation Accrued Interest" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the relevant Selected Obligation shall not include accrued but unpaid 
interest; or 
(iii) 
neither "Include Deliverable/Selected Obligation Accrued Interest" nor "Exclude Deliverable/Selected 
Obligation Accrued Interest" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall 
determine based on the then current market practice in the market of the relevant Selected Obligation 
w hether the Outstanding Principal Balance of the relevant Selected Obligation shall include or exclude 
accrued but unpa0id interest and, if applicable, the amount thereof. 
Detachment Point means in respect of Tranche Warrants the number (expressed as a percentage) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Domestic Currency means the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and any successor currency thereto 
(or if no such currency is specified, the law ful currency and any successor currency of (a) the relevant Reference Entity, if  
the Reference Entity is a Sovereign, or (b) the jurisdiction in w hich the relevant Reference Entity is organised, if the Reference 
Entity is not a Sovereign). 
Domestic Law means each of the law s of (a) the relevant Reference Entity, if such Reference Entity is a Sovereign, or (b) 
the jurisdiction in w hich the relevant Reference Entity is organised, if such Reference Entity is not a Sovereign. 
Downstream Affiliate means an entity, w hose outstanding Voting Shares w ere, at the date of issuance of the Qualifying 
Guarantee, more than 50 per cent. ow ned, directly or indirectly, by the Reference Entity. 
Due and Payable Amount means the amount that is due and payable by the relevant Reference Entity under the obligation 
w hether by reason of maturity, acceleration, termination or otherw ise (excluding sums in respect of default interest, 
indemnities, tax gross-ups and other similar amounts) less all or any portion of such amount w hich, pursuant to the terms of 
the obligation (a) is subject to any Prohibited Action, or (b) may otherw ise be reduced as a result of the effluxion of time or 
the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance (other than by w ay of (i) payment or (ii) a Permitted 
Contingency), in each case, determined in accordance w ith the terms of the obligation in effect on the date selected by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to any Hedge Positions. 
Eligible Information means information w hich is publicly available or w hich can be made public w ithout violating any law, 
agreement, understanding or other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such information. 
Eligible Transferee means:

--- Page 603 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
603 
 
(A) 
any (i) bank or other financial institution; (ii) insurance or reinsurance company; (iii) mutual fund, unit trust or similar 
collective investment vehicle (other than an entity specified in subparagraph (C)(i) below ); and (iv) registered or 
licensed broker or dealer (other than a natural person or proprietorship); provided, how ever, in each case that such 
entity has total assets of at least USD 500,000,000; 
(B) 
an Affiliate of an entity specified in the preceding paragraph (A); 
(C) 
each of a corporation, partnership, proprietorship, organisation, trust or other entity: (i) that is an investment vehicle 
(including, w ithout limitation, any hedge fund, issuer of collateralised debt obligations, commercial paper conduit or 
other special purpose vehicle) that (1) has total assets of at least USD 100,000,000 or (2) is one of a group of 
investment vehicles under common control or management having, in the aggregate, total assets of at least 
USD 100,000,000; (ii) that has total assets of at least USD 500,000,000; or (iii) the obligations of w hich under an 
agreement, contract or transaction are guaranteed or otherw ise supported by a letter of credit or keepw ell, support 
or other agreement by an entity described in paragraphs (A), (B), (C)(ii) or (D) of this definition; and 
(D) 
 
(1) any Sovereign; (2) any entity or organisation established by treaty or other arrangement betw een tw o or more 
Sovereigns including, w ithout limiting the foregoing, the International Monetary Fund, European Central Bank, 
International Bank for Reconstruction and Development and European Bank for Reconstruction and Development.  
All references in this definition of Eligible Transferee to USD include equivalent amounts in other currencies, as determined  
by the Calculation Agent. 
European Settlement means in respect of Credit Linked Warrants that the Settlement Type specified in the applicable Final 
Terms is "European Settlement". 
Event-linked Early Expiration Date means a date that is a Payment Business Day and that is the later of: 
(1) 
the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (the Scheduled Event-linked Early Expiration Date); or 
(2) 
the day that is four Payment Business Days (or in respect of Uncertificated Sw edish Warrants, Uncertificate d 
Norw egian Warrants or Uncertificated Finnish Warrants, tw elve Payment Business Days) follow ing the Final 
Valuation Notice Receipt Date, or in relation to Basket Warrants and to Tranche Warrants, follow ing the last Final 
Valuation Notice Receipt Date if a Credit Event Notice is delivered on or before the relevant Scheduled Event-linked 
Early Expiration Date; or 
(3) 
w here applicable, the later of the tw o follow ing dates: 
(a) 
if the applicable Final Terms specify that "Repudiation/Moratorium" is "Applicable" to the relevant Reference Entity: 
the day that is four Payment Business Days (or in respect of Uncertificated Sw edish Warrants, Uncertificated Norw egian 
Warrants or Uncertificated Finnish Warrants, tw elve Payment Business Days) follow ing the Repudiation/Moratoriu m 
Evaluation Date, or in the case of First-to-Default Warrants, Basket Warrants and Tranche Warrants, follow ing the last 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date, if: 
(i) 
a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium occurs on or prior to the relevant Scheduled Event-linked Early Expiration Date; 
(ii) 
the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition is satisfied; 
(iii) 
such Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date falls after the relevant Scheduled Event-linked Early Expiration Date; 
and 
(iv) 
no Credit Event Notice in respect of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium is delivered on or prior to such fourth 
(or in respect of Uncertificated Sw edish Warrants, Uncertificated Norw egian Warrants or Uncertificated Finnish 
Warrants, tw elfth) Payment Business Day; and

--- Page 604 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
604 
 
(b) 
if the applicable Final Terms specify that "Grace Period Extension" is stated as being "Applicable" to the relevant 
Reference Entity: 
the day that is four Payment Business Days (or in respect of Uncertificated Sw edish Warrants, Uncertificated Norw egian 
Warrants or Uncertificated Finnish Warrants, tw elve Payment Business Days) follow ing the Grace Period Extension Date, 
or, in the case of First-to-Default Warrants, Basket Warrants and Tranche Warrants, follow ing the last Grace Period 
Extension Date if 
(i) 
a Potential Failure to Pay occurs on or prior to the relevant Scheduled Event-linked Early Expiration Date; 
(ii) 
such Grace Period Extension Date falls after the relevant Scheduled Event-linked Early Expiration Date; and 
(iii) 
no Credit Event Notice in respect of such Potential Failure to Pay is delivered on or prior to such fourth (or in respect 
of Uncertificated Sw edish Warrants, Uncertificated Norw egian Warrants or Uncertificated Finnish Warrants, tw elfth) 
Payment Business Day; or 
(4) 
w here applicable, the later of the tw o follow ing dates: 
(a) 
if the applicable Final Terms specify that "Repudiation/Moratorium" is "Applicable" to the relevant Reference Entity:  
the day that is four Payment Business Days (or in respect of Uncertificated Sw edish Warrants, Uncertificated Norw egian 
Warrants or Uncertificated Finnish Warrants, tw elve Payment Business Days) follow ing the Final Valuation Notice Receipt 
Date, or in the case of First-to-Default Warrants, Basket Warrants and Tranche Warrants, follow ing the last Final Valuation 
Notice Receipt Date, if: 
(i) 
a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium occurs on or prior to the relevant Scheduled Event-linked Early Expiration Date; 
(ii) 
the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition is satisfied; 
(iii) 
the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date relating to the Potential Repudiation/Moratorium falls after the relevant 
Scheduled Event-linked Early Expiration Date; and 
(iv) 
a Credit Event Notice in respect of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium is delivered on or prior to the day that is 
four Payment Business Days (or in respect of Uncertificated Sw edish Warrants, Uncertificated Norw egian Warrants 
or Uncertificated Finnish Warrants, tw elve Payment Business Days) follow ing such Repudiation/Moratoriu m 
Evaluation Date; and 
(b) 
if the applicable Final Terms specify that "Grace Period Extension" is "Applicable" to the relevant Reference Entity: 
the day that is four Payment Business Days (or in respect of Uncertificated Sw edish Warrants, Uncertificated Norw egian 
Warrants or Uncertificated Finnish Warrants, tw elve Payment Business Days) follow ing the Final Valuation Notice Rec eipt 
Date, or in the case of First-to-Default Warrants, Basket Warrants and Tranche Warrants, follow ing the last Final Valuation 
Notice Receipt Date if: 
(i) 
a Potential Failure to Pay occurs on or prior to the relevant Scheduled Event-linked Early Expiration Date; 
(ii) 
the Grace Period Extension Date relating to the Potential Failure to Pay falls after the relevant Scheduled 
Event-linked Early Expiration Date; and 
(iii) 
a Credit Event Notice in respect of such Potential Failure to Pay is delivered on or prior to the day that is four 
Payment Business Days (or in respect of Uncertificated Sw edish Warrants, Uncertificated Norw egian Warrants or 
Uncertificated Finnish Warrants, tw elve Payment Business Days) follow ing such Grace Period Extension Date. 
PROVIDED that, in all cases, if a Notice of Pending Credit Event in relation to a Reference Entity is delivered prior to the 
Scheduled Event-linked Early Expiration Date (or, w here applicable, prior to the day that is four Payment Business Days (or 
in respect of Uncertificated Sw edish Warrants, Uncertificated Norw egian Warrants or Uncertificated Finnish Warrants, tw elve

--- Page 605 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
605 
 
Payment Business Days) follow ing (a) the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date relating to the relevant Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium or (b) the Grace Period Extension Date relating to the relevant Potential Failure to Pay) and is still 
effective on the Scheduled Event-linked Early Expiration Date (or, w here applicable, prior to the day that is four Payment 
Business Days (or in respect of Uncertificated Sw edish Warrants, Uncertificated Norw egian Warrants or Uncertificated 
Finnish Warrants, tw elve Payment Business Days) follow ing (a) the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date relating to the 
relevant Potential Repudiation/Moratorium or (b) the Grace Period Extension Date relating to the relevant Potential Failure 
to Pay), the Event-linked Early Expiration Date w ill be either the date that falls five Payment Business Days before the day 
on w hich the Suspended Amounts are paid or delivered, as the case may be, to the Warrantholders or, if a Credit Event 
Notice relating to the event in the Notice of Pending Credit Event is delivered, the day that is four Payment Business Days 
(or in respect of Uncertificated Sw edish Warrants, Uncertificated Norw egian Warrants or Uncertificated Finnish Warrants, 
tw elve Payment Business Days) follow ing the related Final Valuation Notice Receipt Date. 
Excluded Deliverable Obligation means, in respect of a Reference Entity and unless provided otherw ise in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
(a) 
any obligation of the Reference Entity specified as such or of a type described in the applicable Final Terms; 
(b) 
any principal only component of a Bond from w hich some or all of the interest components have been stripped; and  
(c) 
if Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any obligation issued or incurred on or after the date of the relevant Asset 
Package Credit Event. 
Excluded Obligation means, in respect of a Reference Entity and unless provided otherw ise in the applicable Final Terms:  
(a) 
any obligation of the Reference Entity specified as such or of a type described in the applicable Final Terms; 
(b) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and the Credit Linked 
Warrants constitute a “Senior Transaction” in respect of the Reference Entity, then for purposes of determining 
w hether a Governmental Intervention or Restructuring has occurred, any Subordinated Obligation; and 
(c) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and the Credit Linked 
Warrants constitute a “Subordinated Transaction” in respect of the Reference Entity, then for purposes of 
determining w hether a Governmental Intervention or Restructuring has occurred, any Further Subordinated 
Obligation. 
Excluded Selected Obligation means, in respect of a Reference Entity and unless provided otherw ise in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
(a) 
any obligation of the Reference Entity specified as such or of a type described in the applicable Final Terms; 
(b) 
any principal only component of a Bond from w hich some or all of the interest components have been stripped; and  
(c) 
if Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any obligation issued or incurred on or after the date of the relevant Asset 
Package Credit Event. 
Exercise Cut-off Date means, w ith respect to a Credit Event: 
(A) 
if such Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring, either: 
(1) 
the Relevant City Business Day (as defined in the DC Rules) prior to the Auction Final Price Determination 
Date (as specified in the relevant Transaction Auction Settlement Terms), if any; or 
(2) 
the Relevant City Business Day prior to the Auction Cancellation Date, if any; or 
(3) 
the date that is 14 calendar days follow ing the No Auction Announcement Date, if any; or

--- Page 606 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
606 
 
(4) 
in case sub-sections (A)(1) to (A)(3) above do not apply, the date that is 150 Business Days after the 
Credit Event Determination Date; or 
(5) 
such other date as determined by the Calculation Agent as appropriate by reference to any Hedge 
Positions. 
(B) 
if such Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring, and: 
(1) 
the DC Secretary publishes a Final List applicable to the Transaction Auction Settlement Terms and/or 
Parallel Auction Settlement Terms, the date that is five Relevant City Business Days follow ing the date on 
w hich such Final List is published; or 
(2) 
a No Auction Announcement Date occurs, the date that is 14 calendar days follow ing such No Auction 
Announcement Date; or 
(3) 
in case sub-sections (B)(1) and (B)(2) above do not apply, the date that is 150 Business Days after the 
Credit Event Determination Date; or 
(4) 
such other date as determined by the Calculation Agent as appropriate by reference to any Hedge 
Positions. 
 Expiration Date means: 
(A) 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Settlement Type" is "American Settlement": 
(1) 
the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (the Scheduled Expiration Date); or 
(2) 
the [Physical Settlement Date (or the later of the Physical Settlement Date and the Credit Event Payment 
Date if the provisions of Condition 1.1.3 above apply)]** [Credit Event Payment Date]* if a Credit Event 
Notice is delivered during the Notice Delivery Period; or 
(3) 
the later of the tw o follow ing dates: 
(a) 
if the applicable Final Terms specify that "Repudiation/Moratorium" is "Applicable" to the relevant 
Reference Entity: 
the day that is four Payment Business Days (or in respect of Uncertificated Sw edish Warrants, 
Uncertificated Norw egian Warrants or Uncertificated Finnish Warrants, tw elve Payment Business 
Days) follow ing the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date, or in the case of First-to-Default 
Warrants, Basket Warrants and Tranche Warrants, follow ing the last Repudiation/Moratoriu m 
Evaluation Date, if: 
(1) 
a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium occurs on or prior to the Scheduled Last Credit 
Event Occurrence Date; 
(2) 
the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition is satisfied; 
(3) 
such Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date falls after the Scheduled Expiration Date; 
and 
(4) 
no Credit Event Notice in respect of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium is delivered 
during the Notice Delivery Period; and 
(b) 
if the applicable Final Terms specify that "Grace Period Extension" is "Applicable" to the relevant 
Reference Entity:

--- Page 607 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
607 
 
the day that is four Payment Business Days (or in respect of Uncertificated Sw edish Warrants, 
Uncertificated Norw egian Warrants or Uncertificated Finnish Warrants, tw elve Payment Business 
Days) follow ing the Grace Period Extension Date, or, in the case of First-to-Default Warrants, 
Basket Warrants and Tranche Warrants, follow ing the last Grace Period Extension Date if: 
(1) 
a Potential Failure to Pay occurs on or prior to the Scheduled Last Credit Event 
Occurrence Date; 
(2) 
such Grace Period Extension Date falls after the Scheduled Expiration Date; and 
(3) 
no Credit Event Notice in respect of such Potential Failure to Pay is delivered during the 
Notice Delivery Period. 
(B) 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Settlement Type" is "European Settlement": the later 
of the dates set out in subparagraphs (A)(1), (A)(2) and (A)(3) above. 
PROVIDED that, in all cases, if a Notice of Pending Credit Event in relation to a Reference Entity is delivered prior to the 
Scheduled Expiration Date and is still effective on the Scheduled Expiration Date, the Expiration Date w ill be either the date 
that falls five Payment Business Days before the day on w hich the Suspended Amounts are paid or delivered, as the case 
may be, to the Warrantholders or, if a Credit Event Notice relating to the event in the Notice of Pending Credit Event is 
delivered, the [Physical Settlement Date]** [Credit Event Payment Date]*. 
Extension Date means the later of (i) the Scheduled Expiration Date and (ii) the fourth Business Day (or in respect of 
Uncertificated Sw edish Warrants, Uncertificated Norw egian Warrants or Uncertificated Finnish Warrants, the tw elfth 
Business Day) follow ing the Last Credit Event Occurrence Date, or, in the event of delivery of  a Notice of Pending Credit 
Event, the date that is 110 Business Days follow ing the DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement. 
Failure to Pay means, after the expiration of any applicable Grace Period (after the satisfaction of any conditions precedent 
to the commencement of such Grace Period), the failure by a Reference Entity to make, w hen and w here due, any payments 
in an aggregate amount of not less than the Payment Requirement under one or more Obligations, in accordance w ith the 
terms of such Obligations at the time of such failure. 
If "Credit Deterioration Requirement" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then, notw ithstanding the 
foregoing, it shall not constitute a Failure to Pay if such failure does not directly or indirectly either result from, or result in, a 
deterioration in the creditw orthiness or financial condition of the Reference Entity. 
If an occurrence that w ould constitute a Failure to Pay (a) is a result of a redenomination that occurs as a result of action  
taken by a Governmental Authority w hich is of general application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority and (b) 
a freely available market rate of conversion existed at the time of the redenomination, then such occurrence w ill be deemed 
not to constitute a Failure to Pay unless the redenomination itself constituted a reduction in the rate or amount of interest, 
principal or premium payable (as determined by reference to such freely available market rate of conversion) at the time of 
such redenomination. 
Fallback Settlement Event means: 
(a) 
a No Auction Announcement Date occurs pursuant to paragraph (a) or (c)(i) of the definition thereof; 
(b) 
an Auction Cancellation Date occurs; or 
(c) 
a DC Credit Event Question Dismissal occurs. 
A Fallback Settlement Event may occur on any date from and including the Credit Event Determination Date to and including 
the 160th Business Day follow ing the Credit Event Determination Date. 
Final List has the meaning given to that term in the DC Rules.

--- Page 608 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
608 
 
Final Price means in respect of a [Selected]* [Undeliverable]** Obligation: 
a quotation (expressed as a percentage) of the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, 
of such [Selected]* [Undeliverable]** Obligation, obtained from Quotation Dealers in the manner provided below . 
The Calculation Agent w ill require each Quotation Dealer to provide quotations to the extent reasonably practicable at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal trading market of the relevant [Selected]* [Undeliverable]** Obligation or such other 
location as selected by the Calculation Agent. 
To such end: 
(A) 
If the Calculation Agent obtains more than three Full Quotations on the Credit Valuation Date, the Final Price w ill 
be the arithmetic mean of such Full Quotations, disregarding the Full Quotations w ith the highest and low est values 
(and, if more than one such Full Quotations have the same highest value or low est value, then one of such highest 
or low est Full Quotations w ill be disregarded). 
(B) 
If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain more than three Full Quotations, but obtains exactly three Full Quotations 
on the Credit Valuation Date, the Final Price w ill be the Full Quotation remaining after disregarding the highest and 
low est Full Quotations (and, if more than one such Full Quotations have the same highest value or low est value, 
then one of such highest or low est Full Quotations w ill be disregarded). 
(C) 
If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain three Full Quotations, but obtains exactly tw o Full Quotations on the 
Credit Valuation Date, the Final Price w ill be the arithmetic mean of such Full Quotations. 
(D) 
If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain tw o Full Quotations, but obtains a Weighted Average Quotation on the 
Credit Valuation Date, the Final Price w ill be such Weighted Average Quotation. 
(E) 
If the Calculation Agent obtains few er than tw o Full Quotations and no Weighted Average Quotation on the Credit 
Valuation Date, then the Final Price w ill be an amount that the Calculation Agent shall determine on the next 
Business Day on w hich the Calculation Agent obtains tw o or more Full Quotations or a Weighted Average 
Quotation. If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain tw o or more Full Quotations or a Weighted Average Quotation 
on the same Business Day on or prior to the fifteenth Business Day follow ing the Credit Valuation Date, the Final 
Price w ill be deemed to be (i) in respect of Long Warrants, zero, or (ii) in respect of Short Warrants, the w eighted 
average of any firm quotations for the [Selected]* [Undeliverable]** Obligation obtained from Quotation Dealers w ith 
respect to the aggregate portion of the Quotation Amount for w hich such quotations w ere obtained and a quotation 
deemed to be zero for the balance of the Quotation Amount for w hich firm quotations w ere not obtained. 
Final Valuation Notice means the notice delivered on the Final Valuation Notice Receipt Date, specifying: 
(A) 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Settlement Method" is "Cash Settlement": 
(1) 
except if the Final Value is specified as Fixed Recovery in the applicable Final Terms or (assuming 
Transaction Auction Settlement Terms are published on or before 140 Business Days follow ing the Credit 
Event Determination Date and there is no occurrence of a Fallback Settlement Event) if the Final Value is 
specified as Floating Recovery and Auction Method is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Selected Obligations (w ith an aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable 
Amount, as applicable, equal to the [Aggregate] Exercise Amount); 
(2) 
the Credit Event Payment Amount; and 
(3) 
the Credit Event Payment Date. 
(B) 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Settlement Method" is "Physical Settlement" and the provisions 
of Condition 1.1.2 apply: 
The Credit Event Payment Amount per Undeliverable Obligation (if any).

--- Page 609 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
609 
 
Final Valuation Notice Receipt Date means the day (such day being expected to be no later than the 7th Business Day 
follow ing the Credit Valuation Date) on w hich the Calculation Agent delivers the Final Valuation Notice on behalf of the Issuer 
to the relevant Clearing Systems, for the information of the Warrantholders. 
Final Value means, in respect of a Reference Entity in respect of w hich a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred, 
either: 
(A) 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Final Value" is "Fixed Recovery": 
The percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(B) 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Final Value" is "Floating Recovery": 
(1) 
If Auction Method is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and therefore the Final Value is 
to be determined pursuant to a Transaction Auction Settlement Terms and if a Transaction Auction 
Settlement Terms is published on or before 140 Business Days follow ing the Credit Event Determination 
Date, that provides for the valuation of obligations of a Reference Entity in respect of w hich a Credit Event 
has occurred, subject to the occurrence of a Fallback Settlement Event, the Auction Final Price (as 
specified in the relevant Transaction Auction Settlement Terms and expressed as a percentage) 
determined, if any, under such Transaction Auction Settlement Terms and applicable to the seniority of 
the Reference Obligation; or 
(2) 
If (i) Auction Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) a Fallback Settlement Event occurs 
or (y) no Transaction Auction Settlement Terms is published on or before 140 Business Days follow ing the 
Credit Event Determination Date, or (ii) Quotation Dealers Method is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the amount determined by the Calculation Agent on the Credit Valuation Date as follow s: 
(a) 
the Final Price if there is only one Selected Obligation; or 
(b) 
the w eighted average of the Final Prices of the Selected Obligations if the latter are a portfolio, 
in each case, minus the Valuation Hedging Cost for such Selected Obligation(s). 
First Credit Event Occurrence Date is the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
First Ranking Interest means a charge, security interest (or other type of interest having similar effect) (an LPN Interest), 
w hich is expressed as being "first ranking", "first priority", or similar (First Ranking) in the document creating such LPN 
Interest (notw ithstanding that such LPN Interest may not be First Ranking under any insolvency law s of any relevant 
insolvency jurisdiction of the LPN Issuer). 
First-to-Default Warrant means a Credit Linked Warrant indexed on tw o or more Reference Entities, in respect of w hich 
the First-to-Default Reference Entity w ill be treated as if it w ere the sole Reference Entity and for w hich the Type of Credit 
Linked Warrants is specified as "First-to-Default Warrants" in the applicable Final Terms. 
First-to-Default Reference Entity means the first Reference Entity in respect of w hich a Credit Event occurs and a Credit 
Event Notice and, if applicable a Notice of Publicly Available Information, have been sent in accordance w ith the provisions 
of Condition 1. If the Type of Credit Linked Warrants is specified as "First-to-Default Warrants" in the applicable Final Terms, 
the definitions of Obligation or [Deliverable Obligation]** [Selected Obligation]* shall be construed as though such definitions 
had been specified only w ith respect to the First-to-Default Reference Entity. 
Fixed Cap means, w ith respect to a Guarantee, a specified numerical limit or cap on the liability of the Reference Entity in 
respect of some or all payments due under the Underlying Obligation, provided that a Fixed Cap shall exclude a limit or cap 
determined by reference to a formula w ith one or more variable inputs (and for these purposes, the outstanding principal or 
other amounts payable pursuant to the Underlying Obligation shall not be considered to be variable inputs).

--- Page 610 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
610 
 
Fixed Recovery means in respect of Credit Linked Warrants that the Final Value specified in the applicable Final Terms is 
specified as "Fixed Recovery: [●] per cent.". 
Floating Recovery means in respect of Credit Linked Warrants that the Final Value specified in the applicable Final Terms 
is specified either as "Floating Recovery w ith Auction Method" or "Floating Recovery w ith Quotation Dealers Method". 
Full Quotation means w ith respect to Long Warrants each firm bid quotation and w ith respect to Short Warrants each firm 
offer quotation, in both cases, obtained from a Quotation Dealer for an amount equal to the Quotation Amount. 
Fully Transferable Obligation means a [Deliverable]** [Selected]* Obligation that is either Transferable, in the case of 
Bonds, or capable of being assigned or novated to all Eligible Transferees w ithout the consent of any person being required, 
in the case of any [Deliverable]** [Selected]* Obligation other than Bonds and in each case, as of the date(s) determined by 
the Calculation Agent by reference to Hedge Positions. Any requirement that notification of novation, assignment or transfer 
of a [Deliverable]** [Selected]* Obligation be provided to a trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, clearing agent or paying 
agent for a [Deliverable]** [Selected]* Obligation shall not be considered to be a requirement for consent for purposes of this 
definition. 
Further Subordinated Obligation means, if the Reference Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, is a 
Subordinated Obligation, any obligation w hich is Subordinated thereto. 
Governmental Authority means: 
(i) 
any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, instrumentality, ministry or department thereof); 
(ii) 
any court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental, inter-governmental or supranational body; 
(iii) 
any authority or any other entity (private or public) either designated as a resolution authority or charged w ith the 
regulation or supervision of the financial markets (including a central bank) of a Reference Entity or some or all of 
its obligations; or 
(iv) 
any other authority w hich is analogous to any of the entities specified in paragraphs (i) to (iii) above. 
Governmental Intervention means that, w ith respect to one or more Obligations and in relation to an aggregate amount of 
not less than the Default Requirement, any one or more of the follow ing events occurs as a result of action taken or an 
announcement made, by a Governmental Authority pursuant to, or by means of, a restructuring and resolution law  or 
regulation (or any other similar law  or regulation), in each case, applicable to a Reference Entity in a form w hich is binding, 
irrespective of w hether such event is expressly provided for under the terms of such Obligation: 
(i) 
any event w hich w ould affect creditors’ rights so as to cause: 
(A) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled interest accruals (including 
by w ay of redenomination); 
(B) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption (including by w ay of 
redenomination); 
(C) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (A) the payment or accrual of interest or (B) 
the payment of principal or premium; or 
(D) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Obligation, causing the Subordination of such 
Obligation to any other Obligation; 
(ii) 
an expropriation, transfer or other event w hich mandatorily changes the beneficial holder of the Obligation; 
(iii) 
a mandatory cancellation, conversion or exchange; or

--- Page 611 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
611 
 
(iv) 
any event w hich has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in paragraphs (i) to (iii) of this definition. 
For purposes of this definition, the term Obligation shall be deemed to include Underlying Obligations for w hich the Referenc e 
Entity is acting as provider of a Guarantee. 
Grace Period means: 
(A) 
subject to paragraphs (B) and (C) below , the applicable grace period w ith respect to payments under and in 
accordance w ith the terms of such Obligation in effect as of the date as of w hich such Obligation is issued or 
incurred; 
(B) 
if Grace Period Extension is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, a Potential Failure to Pay has 
occurred on or prior to the Scheduled Last Credit Event Occurrence Date, and the applicable grace period cannot, 
by its terms, expire on or prior to the Scheduled Last Credit Event Occurrence Date, the Grace Period w ill be 
deemed to be the lesser of such grace period and thirty calendar days or such other period specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; and 
(C) 
if, as of the date as of w hich an Obligation is issued or incurred, no grace period w ith respect to payments or a 
grace period w ith respect to payments of less than three Grace Period Business Days is applicable under the terms 
of such Obligation, a Grace Period of three Grace Period Business Days shall be deemed to apply to such 
Obligation; provided that; unless Grace Period Extension is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, 
such deemed Grace Period shall expire no later than the Scheduled Last Credit Event Occurrence Date. 
Grace Period Business Day means a day on w hich commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are generally open 
to settle payments in the place or places and on the days specified for that purpose in the relevant Obligation and if a plac e 
or places are not so specified, (a) if the Obligation Currency is the euro, a TARGET2 Business Day, or (b) otherw ise, a day 
on w hich commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are generally open to settle payments in the principal financial 
city in the jurisdiction of the Obligation Currency. 
Grace Period Extension Date means, if (a) Grace Period Extension is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final 
Terms and (b) a Potential Failure to Pay occurs on or prior to the Scheduled Last Credit Event Occurrence Date, the date 
that is the number of days in the Grace Period after the date of such Potential Failure to Pay. 
If Grace Period Extension is specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, Grace Period Extension shall not 
apply to the Credit Linked Warrants. 
Greenwich Mean Time (GMT) means the mean solar time at the Greenw ich meridian, in Greenw ich, London. 
Guarantee means a Relevant Guarantee or a guarantee w hich is the Reference Obligation. 
Hedge Positions means as defined in Condition [5.8.3]/[5.8.3] of the General Terms and Conditions, provided that for the 
purposes of these Additional Terms and Conditions, Hedge Positions w ill be deemed to include the Optional Hedge Positions 
(if any). 
Illegal or Impossible means, in respect of the Delivery of any Specified Deliverable Obligations, that it is illegal or impossible 
for the Issuer to Deliver or for a Warrantholder to take Delivery of all or part of such Specified Deliverable Obligations because 
of: 
(A) 
any legal, contractual or other restrictions or constraints affecting the Delivery of the Specified Deliverable 
Obligations (including, w ithout limitation, any law s, regulations, court orders, other governmental or regulatory 
constraints, the specific terms or conditions of the Specified Deliverable Obligations or failure to obtain the relevant 
consents, including but not limited to the consent of the Reference Entity and the guarantor (if any) of the Reference 
Entity or the consent of the applicable borrow er in the case of a Specified Deliverable Obligation guaranteed by the 
Reference Entity); or

--- Page 612 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
612 
 
(B) 
any event w hich is beyond the control of the Issuer (including, w ithout limitation, failure of the relevant Clearing 
System, the refusal by a Warrantholder to take Delivery of any of the Specified Deliverable Obligations, or the 
inability to purchase the Deliverable Obligations despite the Issuer's reasonable efforts); or 
(C) 
any event w hich is beyond the control of a Warrantholder due to its specific situation. 
Largest Asset Package means, in respect of a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package Observable Bond, as the case 
may be, the package of assets for w hich the greatest amount of principal has been or w ill be exchanged or converted 
(including by w ay of amendment), as determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to Eligible Information. If this cannot 
be determined, the Largest Asset Package w ill be the package of assets w ith the highest immediately realisable value, 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to such sources as it deems appropriate, including (w ithout limitation) any 
Hedge Positions and the methodology, if any, determined by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee. 
Last Credit Event Occurrence Date means the latest of: 
(A) 
the Scheduled Last Credit Event Occurrence Date; 
(B) 
if the applicable Final Terms specify that "Repudiation/Moratorium" is "Applicable" to the relevant Reference Entity : 
the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date (if any), or, in the case of First-to-Default Warrants, Basket Warrants 
and Tranche Warrants, the last Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date (if any); and 
(C) 
if the applicable Final Terms specify that "Failure to Pay" and "Grace Period Extension" are "Applicable" to the 
relevant Reference Entity: 
the Grace Period Extension Date, or, in the case of First-to-Default Warrants, Basket Warrants and Tranche Warrants, the 
last Grace Period Extension Date, if the Potential Failure to Pay w ith respect to the relevant Failure to Pay has occurred on  
or prior to the Scheduled Last Credit Event Occurrence Date. 
Latest Notification Date means the 30th Business Day follow ing the Exercise Cut-off Date provided that it w ill be no later 
than the 180th Business Day after the Credit Event Determination Date. 
Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date means the day that is 60 Business Days after the date on w hich a Notice of 
Physical Settlement is delivered to the relevant Clearing System. 
Limitation Date means the first of 20 March, 20 June, 20 September or 20 December in any year to occur on or immediately 
follow ing the date that is one of the follow ing numbers of years after the Restructuring Date: tw o and a half years (the 2.5-year 
Limitation Date), five years, seven and a half years, ten years (the 10-year Limitation Date), tw elve and a half years, fifteen 
years, or tw enty years as applicable. Limitation Dates shall not be subject to adjustment in accordance w ith any Business 
Day Convention. 
Listed means an obligation that is quoted, listed or ordinarily purchased and sold on an exchange: 
(A) 
if the Obligation Characteristic Listed is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, such Final Terms 
shall be construed as though Listed had been specified as an Obligation Characteristic only w ith respect to Bonds; 
and 
(B) 
if the [Deliverable]**[Selected]* Obligation Characteristic Listed is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final 
Terms, such Final Terms shall be construed as though such [Deliverable]**[Selected]* Obligation Characteristic 
had been specified as a [Deliverable]**[Selected]* Obligation Characteristic only w ith respect to Bonds. 
Loan means any obligation of a type included in the Borrow ed Money obligation Category that is documented by a term loan 
agreement, revolving loan agreement or other similar credit agreement and shall not include any other type of Borrow ed 
Money. 
Long Warrants means Credit Linked Warrants in respect of w hich "Long Warrants" is specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 613 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
613 
 
Loss Amount means: 
(A) 
In respect of Basket Warrants and Tranche Warrants if the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause 
"N-to-M-to-Default" is "Not Applicable" 
In relation to each Reference Entity in respect of w hich a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred, an amount 
equal to the product of (i) the Reference Entity Notional Amount and (ii) the difference betw een the Reference Price 
and the Final Value, subject to a minimum of zero. 
(B) 
In respect of Tranche Warrants if the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "N-to-M-to-Default" is 
"Applicable": 
In relation to each Reference Entity in respect of w hich a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred: 
(1) 
w hich has a Ranking strictly low er than N: an amount equal to the product of (i) the Reference Entity 
Notional Amount and (ii) the Reference Price. 
(2) 
w hich has a Ranking higher than or equal to N and low er than or equal to M: an amount equal to the 
product of (i) the Reference Entity Notional Amount and (ii) the difference betw een the Reference Price 
and the Final Value, subject to a minimum of zero. 
(3) 
w hich has a Ranking strictly higher than M: an amount equal to zero. 
LPN Reference Obligation means each Reference Obligation other than any Additional Obligation. For the avoidance of 
doubt, any change to the issuer of an LPN Reference Obligation in accordance w ith its terms shall not prevent such LPN 
Reference Obligation from constituting a Reference Obligation. Each LPN Reference Obligation is issued for the sole 
purpose of providing funds for the LPN Issuer to finance a loan to the Reference Entity. For the purposes of the Credit Linked 
Warrants each such loan shall be an Underlying Loan. For the avoidance of doubt w ith respect to any LPN Reference 
Obligation that specifies an Underlying Loan or an Underlying Finance Instrument, the Outstanding Principal Balance, shall 
be determined by reference to the Underlying Loan or Underlying Finance Instrument (as applicable) relating to such LPN 
Reference Obligation. The definitions of "Substitute Reference Obligation(s)" and "Substitution Event" shall not be applicable 
to LPN Reference Obligations. 
M means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms corresponding to the Ranking above w hich the 
Aggregate Loss Amount ceases to increase. 
M(M)R Restructuring means a Restructuring Credit Event in respect of w hich either "Mod R" or "Mod Mod R" is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Final Terms. 
Maximum Maturity means an obligation that has a remaining maturity of not greater than the period specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (or if no such period is specified, thirty years). 
For purposes of the application of the [Deliverable]** [Selected]* Obligation Characteristic Maximum Maturity, remaining 
maturity shall be determined on the basis of the terms of the [Deliverable]** [Selected]* Obligation in effect at the time of 
making such determination, and in the case of a [Deliverable]** [Selected]* Obligation that is due and payable, the remaining  
maturity shall be zero. 
Modified Eligible Transferee means any bank, financial institution or other entity w hich is regularly engaged in or 
established for the purpose of making, purchasing or investing in loans, securities and other financial assets. 
Mod R means, if specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms and if Restructuring is the only Credit Event specified 
in a Credit Event Notice delivered by or on behalf of the Issuer, then unless the [Deliverable]** [Selected]* Obligation is a  
Prior Deliverable Obligation and Asset Package Delivery applies due to a Governmental Intervention, that a [Deliverable]** 
[Selected]* Obligation may only be specified in the [Notice of Physical Settlement]** [Final Valuation Notice]* if it (i) is a Fully 
Transferable Obligation and (ii) has a final maturity date not later than the applicable Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date, 
in each case, as of the date(s) determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to any applicable Hedge Positions.

--- Page 614 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
614 
 
For the purposes of making a determination pursuant to the above, final maturity date shall be determined on the basis of 
the terms of the [Deliverable]** [Selected]* Obligation in effect at the time of making such determination and, in the case of 
a [Deliverable]** [Selected]* Obligation that is due and payable, the final maturity date shall be deemed to be the date on 
w hich such determination is made. 
PROVIDED that if a No Auction Announcement Date has occurred pursuant to (b) of the definition thereof w ith respect to 
Credit Derivatives Transactions (as defined in the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions) relating to the relevant Reference 
Entity and having a Scheduled Termination Date (as defined in the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions) comparable to 
the Scheduled Expiration Date of the Credit Linked Warrants, the condition set out in (ii) above shall not be applicable. 
PROVIDED FURTHER that, w hether or not Transaction Auction Settlement Terms are published, the Calculation Agent 
may, by reference to Hedge Positions, deem the condition set out in (ii) above to be not applicable. 
Mod Mod R means, if specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms and if Restructuring is the only Credit Event 
specified in a Credit Event Notice delivered by or on behalf of the Issuer, then unless the [Deliverable]** [Selected]* Obligation 
is a Prior Deliverable Obligation and Asset Package Delivery applies due to a Governmental Intervention, that a 
[Deliverable]** [Selected]* Obligation may only be specified in the [Notice of Physical Settlement]** [Final Valuation Notice]* 
if it (i) is a Conditionally Transferable Obligation and (ii) has a final maturity date not later than the applicable Modifie d 
Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date, in each case, as of the date(s) determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to 
Hedge Positions. 
Notw ithstanding the foregoing, for purposes of the paragraph above in this definition of Mod Mod R, in the case of a 
Restructured Bond or Loan w ith a final maturity date on or prior to the 10-year Limitation Date, the final maturity date of such 
Bond or Loan shall be deemed to be the earlier of such final maturity date or the final maturity date of such Bond or Loan 
immediately prior to the relevant Restructuring. 
For the purposes of making a determination pursuant to the above, final maturity date shall, subject as set out above, be 
determined on the basis of the terms of the [Deliverable]** [Selected]* Obligation in effect at the time of making such 
determination and, in the case of a [Deliverable]** [Selected]* Obligation that is due and payable, the final maturity date shall 
be deemed to be the date on w hich such determination is made. 
PROVIDED that if a No Auction Announcement Date has occurred pursuant to (b) of the definition thereof w ith respect to 
Credit Derivatives Transactions (as defined in the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions) relating to the relevant Reference 
Entity and having a Scheduled Termination Date (as defined in the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions) comparable to 
the Scheduled Expiration Date of the Credit Linked Warrants, the condition set out in (ii) above shall not be applicable. 
PROVIDED FURTHER that, w hether or not Transaction Auction Settlement Terms are published, the Calculation Agent 
may, by reference to Hedge Positions, deem the condition set out in (ii) above to be not applicable. 
Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date means, w ith respect to a [Deliverable]** [Selected]* Obligation, the 
Limitation Date occurring on or immediately follow ing the Scheduled Expiration Date. 
Subject to the foregoing, if the Scheduled Expiration Date is later than the 10-year Limitation Date, the Modified Restructuring 
Maturity Limitation Date w ill be the Scheduled Expiration Date. 
Multiple Holder Obligation means an Obligation that (i) at the time of the event w hich constitutes a Restructuring Credit 
Event is held by more than three holders that are not Affiliates of each other and (ii) w ith respect to w hich a percentage of 
holders (determined pursuant to the terms of the Obligation as in effect on the date of such event) at least equal to 
sixty-six-and tw o-thirds is required to consent to the event w hich constitutes a Restructuring Credit Event provided that any 
Obligation that is a Bond shall be deemed to satisfy the requirement in this part (ii) of this definition of Multiple Holder 
Obligation; PROVIDED THAT in relation to a Reference Entity w hich has a Transaction Type being spec ified in the applicable 
Final Terms as "Standard Emerging European Corporate LPN" or "Emerging European Corporate LPN", Multiple Holder 
Obligation shall be deemed as "Not Applicable" w ith respect to any Reference Obligation (and any Underlying Loan). 
N means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms corresponding to the Ranking starting at w hich the 
Aggregate Loss Amount w ill be an amount greater than zero.

--- Page 615 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
615 
 
No Auction Announcement Date means w ith respect to a Credit Event, the date on w hich the DC Secretary first publicly 
announces that (a) no Transaction Auction Settlement Terms, and if applicable, no Parallel Auction Settlement Terms w ill 
be published, (b) follow ing the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring w ith respect to a Reference Entity, no Transaction 
Auction Settlement Terms w ill be published, but Parallel Auction Settlement Terms w ill be published or (c) the relevant Credi t 
Derivatives Determinations Committee had Resolved that no Auction w ill be held follow ing a prior public announc ement by 
the DC Secretary to the contrary, in circumstances w here either (i) no Parallel Auction w ill be held or (ii) one or more Parallel 
Auctions w ill be held. 
No Standard Reference Obligation means if the Standard Reference Obligation is removed from the SRO List and not 
immediately replaced, such obligation shall cease to be a Reference Obligation (other than for the purpose of the "Not 
Subordinated" Obligation Characteristic or "Not Subordinated" [Selected]* [Deliverable]** Obligation Characteristic) and 
there shall be no Reference Obligation unless and until such obligation is subsequently replaced on the SRO List, in w hich 
case, the new  Standard Reference Obligation in respect of the relevant Reference Entity shall constitute the Reference 
Obligation for it. 
Nominal Amount means in respect of Single Name Warrants or First-to-Default Warrants, the Notional Amount per Warrant, 
subject to reduction in accordance w ith the provisions of these Additional Terms and Conditions (the Nominal Amount so 
reduced, the outstanding Nominal Amount). 
Non-Conforming Reference Obligation means a Reference Obligation w hich is not a Conforming Reference Obligation. 
Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation means an obligation w hich w ould be a [Selected]* [Deliverable]** 
Obligation determined in accordance w ith paragraph (B) of the definition of [Selected]* [Deliverable]** Obligation on the 
Substitution Date but for one or more of the same reasons w hich resulted in the Reference Obligation constituting a 
Non-Conforming Reference Obligation on the date it w as issued or incurred and/or immediately prior to the Substitution 
Event Date (as applicable) [or, w here Selected Obligation is specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, any 
relevant obligation determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to any Hedge Positions]*. 
Non-Transferable Instrument means any Asset w hich is not capable of being transferred to institutional investors, excluding 
due to market conditions. 
Non-Financial Instrument means any Asset w hich is not of the type typically traded in, or suitable for being traded in, 
financial markets. 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation means the Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation (if any) or, if a Substitute 
Reference Obligation has been determined, the Substitute Reference Obligation. 
Not Bearer means any obligation that is not a bearer instrument unless interests w ith respect to such bearer instrument are 
cleared via Clearstream, Euroclear or any other internationally recognised clearing system. If the [Deliverable]**[Selected] * 
Obligation Characteristic Not Bearer is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, such Final Terms shall be 
construed 
as 
though 
such 
[Deliverable]**[Selected]* 
Obligation 
Characteristic 
had 
been 
specified 
as 
a 
[Deliverable]**[Selected]* Obligation Characteristic only w ith respect to Bonds. 
Not Domestic Currency means any obligation that is payable in any currency other than the applicable Domestic Currency, 
provided that a Standard Specified Currency shall not constitute a Domestic Currency. 
Not Domestic Issuance means any obligation other than an obligation that w as, at the time the relevant obligation was 
issued (or reissued, as the case may be), or, intended to be offered for sale primarily in the domestic market of the relevant 
Reference Entity. Any obligation that is registered or, as a result of some other action having been taken for such purpose, 
is qualified for sale outside the domestic market of the relevant Reference Entity (regardless of w hether such obligation is 
also registered or qualified for sale w ithin the domestic market of the relevant Reference Entity) shall be deemed not to be 
issued (or reissued, as the case may be) or intended to be offered for sale primarily in the domestic market of the Reference 
Entity.

--- Page 616 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
616 
 
If the Obligation Characteristic "Not Domestic Issuance" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, such Final 
Terms shall be construed as though Not Domestic Issuance had been specified as an Obligation Characteristic only w ith 
respect to Bonds. 
If the [Deliverable]**[Selected]* Obligation Characteristic "Not Domestic Issuance" is specified as "Applicable" in the 
applicable Final Terms, such Final Terms shall be construed as though such [Deliverable]**[Selected]* 
Obligation 
Characteristic had been specified as a [Deliverable]**[Selected]* Obligation Characteristic only w ith respect to Bonds. 
Not Domestic Law means any obligation that is not governed by the applicable Domestic Law , provided that the law s of 
England and the law s of the State of New  York shall not constitute a Domestic Law . 
Not Sovereign Lender means any obligation that is not primarily ow ed to (a) a Sovereign or (b) any entity or organisation 
established by treaty or other arrangement betw een tw o or more Sovereigns including, w ithout limiting the foregoing, the 
International Monetary Fund, European Central Bank, International Bank for Reconstruction and Development and European 
Bank for Reconstruction and Development, w hich shall include, w ithout limitation, obligations generally referred to as "Paris 
Club debt". 
Not Subordinated means, in respect of a Reference Entity, an obligation of the Reference Entity that is not Subordinated 
to (a) the Reference Obligation or (b) the Prior Reference Obligation, if applicable; PROVIDED THAT in relation to a 
Reference Entity w hich has a Transaction Type being specified in the applicable Final Terms as "Standard Emerging 
European Corporate LPN" or "Emerging European Corporate LPN" this definition shall be construed as if no Reference 
Obligation w as specified in respect of the Reference Entity. 
Notice Delivery Period means the period from and including the Issue Date to and including the Extension Date. 
Notice of Pending Credit Event means a notice delivered, on a date w hich is expected to be no later than 10 Business 
Days follow ing the relevant DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement, by or on behalf of the Issuer that (a) informs the 
Warrantholders of the occurrence of a DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement, and (b) states that payment of amounts due 
and payable, or deliverable, as the case may be, under the Credit Linked Warrants, in connection w ith amounts due in 
respect of the Credit Linked Warrants (including the obligation to deliver the Deliverable Assets) shall be suspended (the 
Suspended Amounts) pending the publication of a DC Resolution or as the case may be, a DC No Credit Event 
Announcement. 
PROVIDED THAT: 
(A) 
if a DC Resolution confirming the existence of a Credit Event in relation to the relevant Reference Entity in the 
period from and including the First Credit Event Occurrence Date to and including the Last Credit Event Occurrence 
Date, is published w ithin 100 Business Days follow ing the Credit Event Resolution Request Date or DC Credit Event 
Meeting Announcement, as applicable, the Issuer w ill deliver or arrange delivery of a Credit Event Notice w ithin 10 
Business Days of such publication; 
(B) 
if a DC No Credit Event Announcement in relation to the relevant Reference Entity is published w ithin 100 Business 
Days follow ing the Credit Event Resolution Request Date or DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement, as 
applicable, the Suspended Amounts under the Credit Linked Warrants shall be paid or delivered, as the case may 
be, to the Warrantholders w ithin 10 Payment Business Days (or in respect of Uncertificated Sw edish Warrants, 
Uncertificated Norw egian Warrants or Uncertificated Finnish Warrants, 18 Payment Business Days) of such 
publication; and 
(C) 
if no DC Resolution or DC No Credit Event Announcement is published after 100 Business Days follow ing the DC 
Credit Event Meeting Announcement, the Notice of Pending Credit Event shall be deemed cancelled and either (i) 
the Suspended Amounts due under the Credit Linked Warrants shall be paid or delivered, as the case may be, to 
the Warrantholders w ithin 10 Payment Business Days (or in respect of Uncertificated Sw edish Warrants, 
Uncertificated Norw egian Warrants or Uncertificated Finnish Warrants, 18 Payment Business Days); or (ii) the 
Issuer may decide to deliver a Credit Event Notice together w ith a Notice of Publicly Available Information (if 
applicable) w ithin 10 Business Days.

--- Page 617 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
617 
 
Notice of Physical Settlement means a notice that is effective no later than the Latest Notification Date (included) from or 
on behalf of the Issuer to the Warrantholders specifying the Specified Deliverable Obligations the Issuer reasonably expects 
to Deliver or procure the Delivery of to the Warrantholders. The Issuer is not bound to Deliver the Specified Deliverable 
Obligations referred to in the Notice of Physical Settlement. How ever, it w ill: (i) to the extent possible, give the Warrantholders 
notice of any subsequent change in the Specified Deliverable Obligations referred to in the Notice of Physical Settlement or 
of any errors or inconsistencies contained therein (the term Specified Deliverable Obligation is deemed to include such 
change); and (ii) w here Asset Package Delivery is applicable and the detailed description of the Asset Package is not 
included in the Notice of Physical Settlement, give the Warrantholders notice of such detailed description of the Asset 
Package (if any) that it intends to Deliver to the Warrantholders in lieu of any Specified Deliverable Obligations referred to in 
the Notice of Physical Settlement. 
Notice of Publicly Available Information means, in relation to a Credit Event Notice or a Repudiation/Moratorium Extension 
Notice, a notice delivered by or on behalf of the Issuer that cites Publicly Available Information confirming the occurrence of 
the Credit Event or Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium, 
as applicable, described in the Credit Event Notice or 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice. The notice given must contain a copy, or a description in reasonable detail, of the 
relevant Publicly Available Information. Unless "Notice of Publicly Available Information" is specified as "Not Applicable" in 
the applicable Final Terms, if a Credit Event Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice, as applicable, contains 
Publicly Available Information, such Credit Event Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice w ill also be deemed to 
be a Notice of Publicly Available Information. 
Obligation means: 
(A) 
any obligation of a Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee) described by the 
Obligation Category specified in the applicable Final Terms and having each of the Obligation Characteristics, if 
any, specified in the applicable Final Terms, in each case, immediately prior to the Credit Event w hich is the subject 
of the Credit Event Notice or as otherw ise determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to any Hedge Positions; 
and 
(B) 
the Reference Obligation(s) (if any), 
in each case, unless it is an Excluded Obligation. 
Obligation Acceleration means one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement 
have become due and payable before they w ould otherw ise have been due and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, 
the occurrence of a default, event of default or other similar condition or event (how ever described), other than a failure to 
make any required payment, in respect of the Reference Entity under one or more Obligations. 
Obligation Category means any one of Payment, Borrow ed Money, Reference Obligation Only, Bond, Loan, or Bond or 
Loan, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Obligation Characteristics means any one or more of Not Subordinated, Specified Currency, Not Sovereign Lender, Not 
Domestic Currency, Not Domestic Law , Listed and Not Domestic Issuance, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If "Financial Reference Entity Terms" and "Governmental Intervention" are specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, if an obligation w ould otherw ise satisfy a particular Obligation Characteristic, the existence of any terms in the relevant 
obligation in effect at the time of making the determination w hich permit the Reference Entity's obligations to be altered, 
discharged, released or suspended in circumstances w hich w ould constitute a Governmental Intervention, shall not cause 
such obligation to fail to satisfy such Obligation Characteristic. 
Obligation Currency means the currency or currencies in w hich an Obligation is denominated. 
Obligation Default means one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement have 
become capable of being declared due and payable before they w ould otherw ise have been due and payable as a result of, 
or on the basis of, the occurrence of a default, event of default or other similar condition or event (how ever described), other 
than a failure to make any required payment, in respect of a Reference Entity under one or more Obligations.

--- Page 618 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
618 
 
Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation means the obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly or as provider 
of a guarantee and w hich may be, for the avoidance of doubt, the Standard Reference Obligation) w hich is specified as the 
Reference Obligation in the applicable Final Terms (if any is so specified) provided that if an obligation is not an obligation 
of the relevant Reference Entity, such obligation w ill not constitute a valid Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation for 
purposes of the Credit Linked Warrants (other than for the purposes of determining the Seniority Level and for the "Not 
Subordinated" Obligation Characteristics or "Not Subordinated" [Selected]* [Deliverable]** Obligation Characteristics) unless 
(a) Non-Reference Entity Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms; or (b) the Credit Linked Warrants are Reference Obligation Only Warrants. 
Outstanding Principal Balance means the "Outstanding Principal Balance" of an obligation calculated as follow s: 
(i) 
first, by determining, in respect of the obligation, the amount of the Reference Entity’s principal payment obligations 
and, w here applicable in accordance w ith the definition of Deliverable/Selected Obligation Accrued Interest, the 
Reference Entity’s accrued but unpaid interest payment obligations w hich, in the case of a Guarantee w ill be the 
low er of (A) the Outstanding Principal Balance (including accrued but unpaid interest, w here applicable) of the 
Underlying Obligation (determined as if references to the Reference Entity w ere references to the Underlying 
Obligor) and (B) the amount of the Fixed Cap, if any; 
(ii) 
second, by subtracting all or any portion of such amount w hich, pursuant to the terms of the obligation (A) is subject 
to any Prohibited Action or (B) may otherw ise be reduced as a result of the effluxion of time or the occurrence or 
non-occurrence of an event or circumstance (other than by w ay of (I) payment or (II) a Permitted Contingency) (the 
amount determined in (i) less any amounts subtracted in accordance w ith (ii), the "Non-Contingent Amount"); and 
(iii) 
third, by determining the Quantum of the Claim, w hich shall then constitute the Outstanding Principal Balance. 
in each case, determined; 
(A) 
unless otherw ise specified, in accordance w ith the terms of the obligation in effect on the date selected by 
the Calculation Agent by reference to any Hedge Positions; and 
(B) 
w ith respect to the Quantum of the Claim only, in accordance w ith any applicable law s (insofar as such 
law s reduce or discount the size of the claim to reflect the original issue price or accrued value of the 
obligation). 
Where "applicable law s" shall include any bankruptcy or insolvency law  or other law  af fecting creditors’ 
rights to w hich the relevant obligation is, or may become, subject 
Where: 
Quantum of the Claim means the low est amount of the claim w hich could be validly asserted against the Reference 
Entity in respect of the Non-Contingent Amount if the obligation had become redeemable, been accelerated, 
terminated or had otherw ise become due and payable at the time of the relevant determination, provided that the 
Quantum of the Claim cannot exceed the Non-Contingent Amount. 
If "Fallback Discounting" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then notw ithstanding the above, if (i) the 
Outstanding Principal Balance of an obligation is not reduced or discounted under (iii)(B) above, (ii) that obligation is either 
a Bond that has an issue price less than ninety-five per cent of the principal redemption amount or a Loan w here the amount 
advanced is less than ninety-five per cent of the principal repayment amount, and (iii) such Bond or Loan does not include 
provisions relating to the accretion over time of the amount w hich w ould be payable on an early redemption or repayment of 
such Bond or Loan that are customary for the applicable type of Bond or Loan as the case may be, then the Outs tanding 
Principal Balance of such Bond or Loan shall be the lesser of (a) the Non-Contingent Amount; and (b) an amount determined 
by straight line interpolation betw een the issue price of the Bond or the amount advanced under the Loan and the principal 
redemption amount or principal repayment amount, as applicable.

--- Page 619 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
619 
 
For the purposes of determining w hether the issue price of a Bond or the amount advanced under a Loan is less than 
ninety-five per cent of the principal redemption amount or principal repayment amount (as applicable) or, w here applicable, 
for applying straight line interpolation: 
(x) 
w here such Bond or Loan w as issued as a result of an exchange offer, the issue price or amount advanced of the 
new  Bond or Loan resulting from the exchange shall be deemed to be equal to the aggregate Outstanding Principal 
Balance of the original obligation(s) that w ere tendered or exchanged (the "Original Obligation(s)") at the time of 
such exchange (determined w ithout regard to market or trading value of the Original Obligation(s)); and 
(y) 
in the case of a Bond or Loan that is fungible w ith a prior debt obligation previously issued by the Reference Entity, 
such Bond or Loan shall be treated as having the same issue price or amount advanced as the prior debt obligatio n. 
In circumstances w here a Warrantholder w ould have received more than one obligation in exchange for the Original 
Obligation(s), the Calculation Agent w ill determine the allocation of the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the 
Original Obligation(s) amongst each of the resulting obligations for the purpose of determining the issue price or amount 
advanced of the relevant Bond or Loan. Such allocation w ill take into account the interest rate, maturity, level of subordination 
and other terms of the obligations that resulted from the exchange and shall be made by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
w ith the methodology (if any) determined by the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee. 
P means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms corresponding to the number of Reference Entities 
w ithin the Reference Portfolio. 
Package Observable Bond means in respect of a Reference Entity w hich is a Sovereign, any obligation (a) w hich is 
identified as such and published by ISDA on its w ebsite at w ww.isda.org from time to time (or any successor w ebsite thereto) 
or by a third party designated by ISDA on its w ebsite from time to time and (b) w hich fell w ithin the definition of [Selected ]* 
[Deliverable]** Obligation set out in paragraph (A) or (B) of the definition of [Selected]* [Deliverable]** Obligation, in each 
case, immediately preceding the date on w hich the relevant Asset Package Credit Event w as legally effective. 
Parallel Auction means "Auction" as defined in the relevant Parallel Auction Settlement Terms. 
Parallel Auction Settlement Terms means, follow ing the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring w ith respect to a Reference 
Entity, any Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms published by ISDA w ith respect to such M(M)R Restructuring, and 
for w hich the Deliverable Obligation Terms (as defined in the relevant Transaction Auction Settlement Terms) are the same 
as the Deliverable Obligation Provisions (as defined in the relevant Transaction Auction Settlement Terms) applicable to the  
relevant Reference Entity and for w hich such Reference Entity w ould not be an Auction Covered Transaction (as defined in 
the relevant Transaction Auction Settlement Terms). 
Payment means any obligation (w hether present or future, contingent or otherw ise) for the payment or repayment of money, 
including, w ithout limitation, Borrow ed Money. 
Payment Requirement means USD 1,000,000 or the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms (or in each case, its 
equivalent in the Obligation Currency as of the occurrence of the relevant Failure to Pay or Potential Failure to Pay, as 
applicable). 
Permitted Contingency means, w ith respect to an obligation, any reduction to a Reference Entity’s payment obligations: 
(a) 
as a result of the application of: 
(i) 
any provisions allow ing a transfer, pursuant to w hich another party may assume all of the payment 
obligations of the Reference Entity; 
(ii) 
provisions implementing the Subordination of the obligation; 
(iii) 
provisions allow ing for a Permitted Transfer in the case of a Qualifying Guarantee (or provisions allow ing 
for the release of the Reference Entity from its payment obligations in the case of any other Guarantee);

--- Page 620 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
620 
 
(iv) 
any Solvency Capital Provisions, if "Subordinated European Insurance Terms" is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(v) 
provisions w hich permit the Reference Entity's obligations to be altered, discharged, released or 
suspended in circumstances w hich w ould constitute a Governmental Intervention, if "Financial Reference 
Entity Terms" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(vi) 
provisions w hich (A) limit recourse in respect of the obligation to the proceeds of specified assets or the 
proceeds resulting from the enforcement of security or collateral arrangements and/or (B) extinguish any 
obligation that remains outstanding follow ing the disposal of specified assets and/or the enforcement of 
the security or collateral arrangements and in each case the application of the resulting proceeds (any 
such provisions, "Limited Recourse Provisions") if "Limited Recourse Provisions" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms; 
(b) 
w hich is w ithin the control of the holders of the obligation or a third party acting on their behalf (such as an agent or 
trustee) in exercising their rights under or in respect of such obligation. 
Permitted Transfer means, w ith respect to a Qualifying Guarantee, a transfer to and the assumption by any single transferee 
of such Qualifying Guarantee (including by w ay of cancellation and execution of a new  guarantee) on the same or 
substantially the same terms, in circumstances w here there is also a transfer of all (or substantially all) of the assets of the 
Reference Entity to the same single transferee. 
Physical Settlement means, in respect of Credit Linked Warrants, that the Settlement Method specified in the applicable 
Final Terms is "Physical Settlement". 
Physical Settlement Date means the date on w hich the Issuer Delivers the Credit Linked Physical Delivery Amount to the 
Warrantholders, or, if the Issuer does not Deliver on the same date all the portfolio of Deliverable Obligations comprised in 
the Credit Linked Physical Delivery Amount, the date on w hich the Issuer has completed the Delivery thereof for all the 
Warrants to all the Warrantholders. 
Physical Settlement Period means the period from and including the date on w hich a Notice of Physical Settlement is 
delivered to the relevant Clearing System to and including the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date. 
Potential Failure to Pay means the failure by a Reference Entity to make, w hen and w here due, any payments in an 
aggregate amount of not less than the Payment Requirement under one or more Obligations in accordance w ith the terms 
of such Obligations at the time of such failure, w ithout regard to any grace period or any conditions precedent to the 
commencement of any grace period applicable to such Obligations. 
Potential Repudiation/Moratorium means 
the occurrence of an event described in (i) of the definition of 
Repudiation/Moratorium. 
Principal Credit Factor means 100 per cent. or the percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Principal Loss Factor means 100 per cent. or the percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Prior Deliverable Obligation means: 
(a) 
if a Governmental Intervention has occurred (w hether or not such event is specified as the applicable Credit Event 
in the Credit Event Notice) any obligation of the Reference Entity w hich (i) existed immediately prior to such 
Governmental Intervention (ii)) w as the subject of such Governmental Intervention and (iii) fell w ithin the definition 
of [Selected]* [Deliverable]** Obligation set out in paragraph (A) or (B) of the definition of [Selected]* [Deliverable]** 
Obligation, in each case, immediately preceding the date on w hich such Governmental Intervention w as legally 
effective or

--- Page 621 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
621 
 
(b) 
if a Restructuring w hich does not constitute a Governmental Intervention has occurred in respect of the Reference 
Obligation (w hether or not such event is specified as the applicable Credit Event in the Credit Event Notice), such 
Reference Obligation, if any. 
Prior Reference Obligation means, in respect of a Reference Entity and in circumstances w here there is no Reference 
Obligation applicable thereto for the purposes of the Credit Linked Warrants, (a) the Reference Obligation most recently 
applicable thereto, if any, and otherw ise (b) the obligation specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Reference Obligation, 
if any, if such Reference Obligation w as redeemed on or prior to the Issue Date and otherw ise, (c) any unsubordinated 
Borrow ed Money obligation of such Reference Entity. 
Private-side Loan means a Loan in respect of w hich the documentation governing its terms is not publicly available or 
capable of being made public w ithout violating a law , agreement, understanding or other restriction regarding the 
confidentiality of such information. 
Prohibited Action means any counterclaim, defence (other than a counterclaim or defence based on the factors set forth 
in sub-sections (A) to (D) of the definition of Credit Event) or right of set-off by or of the relevant Reference Entity or any 
applicable Underlying Obligor. 
Publicly Available Information means information that reasonably confirms any of the facts relevant to the determination 
that the Credit Event or Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, 
as applicable, described in the Credit Event Notice or 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice, has occurred and w hich: 
(A) 
has been published in or on not less than the Specified Number of Public Sources (regardless of w hether the reader  
or user thereof pays a fee to obtain such information); or 
(B) 
is information received from or published by: 
(1) 
the relevant Reference Entity (or, if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign, any agency, instrumentality, 
ministry, department or other authority thereof acting in a governmental capacity (including, w ithout limiting 
the foregoing, the central bank) of such Sovereign); 
(2) 
a trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, clearing agent, paying agent, facility agent or agent bank for 
an Obligation, 
(C) 
is information contained in any order, decree, notice, petition or filing, how ever described, of or filed w ith a court, 
tribunal, exchange, regulatory authority or similar administrative, regulatory or judicial body, or 
(D) 
is information contained in a public announcement by ISDA, 
Provided that w here any information of the type described in paragraph (B) or (C) of this definition is not publicly available, 
it can only constitute Publicly Available Information if it can be made public w ithout violating any law , agreement, 
understanding or other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such information. 
In relation to any information of the type described in paragraphs (B) or (C) of this definition, the party receiving such 
information may assume that such information has been disclosed to it w ithout violating any law , agreement, understanding 
or other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such information and that the party delivering such information has not 
taken any action or entered into any agreement or understanding w ith the Reference Entity or any Affiliate of the Reference 
Entity that w ould be breached by, or w ould prevent, the disclosure of such information to the party receiving such information. 
Without limitation, Publicly Available Information need not state (i) in relation to a Dow nstream Affiliate, the percentage of 
Voting Shares ow ned by the Reference Entity and (ii) that the relevant occurrence (a) has met the Payment Requirement or 
Default Requirement, (b) is the result of exceeding any applicable Grace Period, or (c) has met the subjective criteria 
specified in certain Credit Events. 
In relation to a Repudiation/Moratorium Credit Event, Publicly Available Information must relate to the events described in 
both (i) and (ii) of the definition thereof.

--- Page 622 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
622 
 
Public Source means each source of Publicly Available Information specified in the applicable Final Terms (or if no such 
source is specified, each of Bloomberg, Reuters, Dow  Jones, New sw ires, The Wall Street Journal, The New  York Times, 
Nihon Keizai Shimbun, Asahi Shimbun, Yomiuri Shimbun, Financial Times, La Tribune, Les Echos, The Australian Financial 
Review  and Debtw ire (and successor publications), as w ell as the main source(s) of business new s in the country in w hich 
the Reference Entity is organised and any other internationally recognised published or electronically displayed news 
sources). 
Qualifying Guarantee means a guarantee evidenced by a w ritten instrument (w hich may include a statute or regulation), 
pursuant to w hich a Reference Entity irrevocably agrees, undertakes, or is otherw ise obliged to pay all amounts of principal 
and interest (except for amounts w hich are not covered due to the existence of a Fixed Cap) due under an Underlying 
Obligation for w hich the Underlying Obligor is the obligor, by guarantee of payment and not by guarantee of collection (or, in 
either case, any legal arrangement w hich is equivalent thereto in form under the relevant governing law ). A Qualifying 
Guarantee shall not include any guarantee: 
(i) 
w hich is structured as a surety bond, financial guarantee insurance policy or letter of credit (or legal arrangement 
w hich is equivalent thereto in form); or 
(ii) 
pursuant to the terms applicable thereto, the principal payment obligations of the Reference Entity can be 
discharged, released, reduced, assigned or otherw ise altered as a result of the occurrence or non-occurrence of 
an event or circumstance, in each case other than: 
(a) 
by payment; 
(b) 
by w ay of Permitted Transfer; 
(c) 
by operation of law ; 
(d) 
due to the existence of a Fixed Cap; or 
(e) 
due to: 
(A) 
provisions permitting or anticipating a Governmental Intervention, if "Financial Reference Entity 
Terms" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(B) 
any Solvency Capital Provisions, if "Subordinated European Insurance Terms" is specified as 
"Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms. 
If the guarantee or Underlying Obligation contains provisions relating to the discharge, releas e, reduction, 
assignment or other alteration of the principal payment obligations of a Reference Entity and such provisions have 
ceased to apply or are suspended at the time of the relevant determination, in accordance w ith the terms of such 
guarantee or Underlying Obligation, due to or follow ing the occurrence of (I) a non-payment in respect of the 
guarantee or the Underlying Obligation, or (II) an event of the type described in the definition of Bankruptcy in 
respect of such Reference Entity or the Underlying Obligor, then it shall be deemed for these purposes that such 
cessation or suspension is permanent, notw ithstanding the terms of the guarantee or Underlying Obligation. 
In order for a guarantee to constitute a Qualifying Guarantee: 
(i) 
the benefit of such guarantee must be capable of being Delivered together w ith the Delivery of the 
Underlying Obligation; and 
(ii) 
if a guarantee contains a Fixed Cap, all claims to any amounts w hich are subject to such Fixed Cap must 
be capable of being Delivered together w ith the Delivery of such guarantee. 
If an Obligation or [Deliverable]** [Selected]* Obligation is a Relevant Guarantee, the follow ing w ill apply:

--- Page 623 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
623 
 
(A) 
For purposes of the application of the Obligation Category or [Deliverable]** [Selected]* Obligation 
Category, the Relevant Guarantee shall be deemed to satisfy the same category or categories as those 
that describe the Underlying Obligation. 
(B) 
For purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or [Deliverable]** [Selected]* Obligation 
Characteristics, both the Relevant Guarantee and the Underlying Obligation must satisfy on the relevant 
date or dates each of the applicable Obligation Characteristics or [Deliverable]** [Selected]* Obligation 
Characteristics, if any, specified in the applicable Final Terms f rom the follow ing list: Not Subordinated, 
Specified Currency, Not Sovereign Lender, Not Domestic Currency, and Not Domestic Law . 
(C) 
For purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or [Deliverable]** [Selected]* Obligation 
Characteristics, only the Underlying Obligation must satisfy on the relevant date or dates each of the 
applicable Obligation Characteristics or [Deliverable]** [Selected]* Obligation Characteristics, if any, 
specified in the applicable Final Terms from the follow ing list: Listed, Not Domestic Issuance, Assignable 
Loan, Consent Required Loan, Transferable, Maximum Maturity, Accelerated or Matured and Not Bearer.  
(D) 
For the purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or [Deliverable]** [Selected]* 
Obligation Characteristics to an Underlying Obligation, references to the Reference Entity shall be deemed 
to refer to the Underlying Obligor. 
Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee means a Qualifying Guarantee provided by a Reference Entity in respect of an Underlying 
Obligation of a Dow nstream Affiliate of that Reference Entity. 
Quotation Amount means: 
(A) 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Settlement Method" is "Physical Settlement": 
an amount equal to the Outstanding Principal Balance, or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, of the 
Undeliverable Obligation. For w hich purpose, the Calculation Agent shall determine based on the then current 
market practice in the market of the Undeliverable Obligation if quotations obtained in respect thereof shall include 
or exclude accrued but unpaid interest. 
(B) 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Settlement Method" is "Cash Settlement": 
(i) 
in respect of Single Name Warrants and First-to-Default Warrants, an amount selected by the Calculation 
Agent, subject to a cap equal to the aggregate of the Notional Amount (or the Partial Cancellation Amount 
or the Multiple Successor Notional Amount, as applicable) (such aggregate amount, the Aggregate 
Exercise Amount) for all outstanding Credit Linked Warrants, if there is only one Selected Obligation; 
otherw ise (if there is a portfolio of Selected Obligations), the Quotation Amount shall be an amount 
selected by the Calculation Agent in respect of each Selected Obligation such that the sum of all such 
Quotation Amounts be subject to a cap equal to the Aggregate Exercise Amount; or 
(ii) 
in respect of Basket Warrants and Tranche Warrants, an amount selected by the Calculation Agent, 
subject to a cap equal to the Reference Entity Notional Amount (or the Partial Restructuring Notional 
Amount, as applicable) (such amount, the Aggregate Exercise Amount), if there is only one Selected 
Obligation; otherw ise (if there is a portfolio of Selected Obligations), the Quotation Amount shall be an 
amount selected by the Calculation Agent in respect of each Selected Obligation such that the sum of all 
such Quotation Amounts be subject to a cap equal to the Aggregate Exercise Amount; 
Provided that in respect of paragraph (B) above the Quotation Amount (or the sum of the Quotation Amounts as the case 
may be) shall be no less than EUR 1 million (or its equivalent in the relevant currency). 
Quotation Dealers means at least five leading dealers in obligations of the type of the Undeliverable Obligation(s) or as the 
case may be Selected Obligation(s), w hich may include Societe Generale, as selected by the Calculation Agent acting in a 
commercially reasonable manner.

--- Page 624 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
624 
 
Quotation Dealers Method means that, in respect of a Reference Entity in respect of w hich a Credit Event Determination 
Date has occurred, the Final Value w ill be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance w ith the provisions of the 
definition of Final Price. 
Quotation Dealers Method shall apply if “Quotation Dealers Method” is specified in the applicable Final Terms or a Fallback 
Settlement Event occurs or no Transaction Auction Settlement Terms is published on or before 140 Business Days follow ing 
the Credit Event Determination Date. 
Ranking means, for Tranche Warrants w here N-to-M-to-Default is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, 
in relation to each Reference Entity in respect of w hich a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred, the ranking in time 
of occurrence of such Credit Event Determination Date amongst all Credit Event Determination Dates, provided that if several 
Credit Event Determination Dates are identical in respect of several Reference Entities comprised w ithin the Reference 
Portfolio, the date on w hich the relevant Credit Event Notices have been sent shall be used to determine the Ranking of 
those Reference Entities and if the Credit Event Notices have been sent on the same date, the time on w hich the relevant 
Credit Event Notices have been sent shall be used to determine the Ranking of those Reference Entities. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the first Reference Entity in respect of w hich a Credit Event Determination Date occurs w ill have 
a Ranking of 1. 
Reference Entity means, subject to the below , any entity specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or any Successor 
thereto, w hich may be any firm, company, corporation, any unincorporated association, establishment or other entity, or any 
equivalent entity, a government, state or local authority or agency of a state or of a local authority, or any state-ow ned or 
state-controlled entity, any partnership, limited or otherw ise, any special purpose vehicle (incorporated or otherw ise), any 
category or type of fund (including, w ithout limitation, open-end funds, closed-end funds, hedge funds, mutual funds, 
managed funds or any other collective investment scheme, vehicle or organisation), any securitisation company and any 
broadly equivalent entity of any of the aforementioned entities. 
In the case of a Single Name Warrant or in the case or in the case of a First-to-Default Note a Basket Warrants or a Tranche 
Warrant w here the Reference Entity Weighting of any Reference Entity represents 20% or more of all Reference Entities in 
the Reference Portfolio, then, such Reference Entity shall have its securities already admitted to trading on a regulated 
market, equivalent third country market or SME Grow th Market. 
Reference Entity Notional Amount means, unless specified otherw ise in the applicable Final Terms, for each Reference 
Entity, the amount equal to the product of the Reference Entity Weighting and the Reference Portfolio Notional Amount. 
Reference Entity Weighting means the proportion specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, w hich w ill be adjusted 
in accordance w ith the provisions of (i) the definition of Successor upon the occurrence of a Succession Date or (ii) Condition 
1.2.2(b), if applicable. 
Reference Obligation(s) means, in respect of a Reference Entity, the Standard Reference Obligation, if any, unless: 
(a) 
"Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, in w hich case the 
Reference Obligation(s) w ill be the Non-Standard Reference Obligation(s), if any; or 
(b) 
"Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms (or there is no election 
specified in the applicable Final Terms), there is no Standard Reference Obligation and a Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation is specified in the applicable Final Terms, in w hich case the Reference Obligation w ill be the 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation to but excluding the first date of publication of the Standard Reference 
Obligation and the Standard Reference Obligation from such date onw ards, provided that the Standard Reference 
Obligation that is published w ould have been eligible to be selected as a Substitute Reference Obligation. 
provided that, in respect of a Reference Entity w hich has a Transaction Type being specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as being "Standard Emerging European Corporate LPN" or "Emerging European Corporate LPN", Reference Obligation(s) 
means, as of the Issue Date, each of the obligations listed as a Reference Obligation of the Reference Entity in the applicable 
Final Terms or set forth on the relevant LPN Reference Obligations List (each, a "Markit Published LPN Reference 
Obligation"), as published by Markit Group Limited, or any successor thereto, w hich list is currently available at

--- Page 625 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
625 
 
http://w w w.markit.com (or any successor w ebsite thereto) or as stipulated in the applicable Final Terms, any Additional LPN, 
determined in accordance w ith the Additional LPN definition, and each Additional Obligation. For the avoidance of doubt, in 
respect of a Reference Entity w hich has a Transaction Type being specified in the applicable Final Terms as "Standard 
Emerging European Corporate LPN" or "Emerging European Corporate LPN", (i) notw ithstanding anything to the contrary in 
these Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants (in particular, notw ithstanding that the obligation is not an 
obligation of the Reference Entity), each Reference Obligation w ill be an Obligation and a Deliverable Obligation or a 
Selected Obligation, (as applicable); (ii) "Standard Reference Obligation" shall be deemed specified as "Not Applicable"; and 
(iii) the provisions in the definition of "Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation" shall not apply. 
Reference Obligation Only means any obligation that is a Reference Obligation and no Obligation Characteristics shall be 
applicable to Reference Obligation Only. 
Reference Obligation Only Warrants means that (a) "Reference Obligation Only" is specified as the Obligation Category 
and [Selected]* [Deliverable]** Obligation Category, if applicable, in the applicable Final Terms and (b) Standard Reference 
Obligation is specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms. 
Reference Portfolio means, in respect of First-to-Default Warrants, Basket Warrants and Tranche Warrants, a portfolio 
comprising all the Reference Entities. 
Reference Portfolio Notional Amount means, unless specified otherw ise in the applicable Final Terms, (i) in respect of 
Tranche Warrants, an amount equal to the Aggregate Warrant Notional Amount divided by the difference betw een the 
Detachment Point and the Attachment Point; and (ii) in respect of Basket Warrants w hich are not Tranche Warrants, an 
amount equal to the Aggregate Warrant Notional Amount. 
Reference Price means the percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, if not specified, 100%). 
Relevant Guarantee means a Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee or, if All Guarantees is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, a Qualifying Guarantee. 
Relevant Holder means a holder of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, as the case may be, w ith 
an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, immediately prior to the relevant Asset 
Package Credit Event, equal to the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, determined 
in respect of such Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond by the Calculation Agent. 
Relevant Obligations means, in respect of a Reference Entity, the Obligations of such Reference Entity w hich fall w ithin 
the Obligation Category "Bond or Loan" and w hich are outstanding immediately prior to the Succession Date (or, if there is 
a Steps Plan, immediately prior to the legally effective date of the first succession), provided that: 
(i) 
any Bonds or Loans outstanding betw een the Reference Entity and any of its Affiliates, or held by the Reference 
Entity, shall be excluded; 
(ii) 
if there is a Steps Plan, the Calculation Agent shall, for purposes of the determination required to be made under 
paragraph (A) of the definition of Successor make the appropriate adjustments required to take account of any 
Obligations of the Reference Entity w hich fall w ithin the Obligation Category "Bond or Loan" that are issued, 
incurred, redeemed, repurchased or cancelled from and including the legally effective date of the first succession 
to and including the Succession Date; 
(iii) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms and the Credit Linked 
Warrants are a “Senior Transaction”, the Relevant Obligations shall only include the Senior Obligations of the 
Reference Entity w hich fall w ithin the Obligation Category "Bond or Loan"; and 
(iv) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, and the Credit 
Linked Warrants are a “Subordinated Transaction”, Relevant Obligations shall exclude Senior Obligations and any 
Further Subordinated Obligations of the Reference Entity w hich fall w ithin the Obligation Category "Bond or Loan", 
provided that if no such Relevant Obligations exist, "Relevant Obligations" shall have the same meaning as it w ould 
if the Credit Linked Warrants w ere a Senior Transaction.

--- Page 626 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
626 
 
Relevant Proportion means the proportion w hich one Credit Linked Warrant bears to the total number of Warrants 
outstanding. 
Repudiation/Moratorium means the occurrence of both of the follow ing events: (i) an authorised officer of a Reference 
Entity or a Governmental Authority (a) disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates or rejects, in w hole or in part, or challenges the 
validity of, one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement or (b) declares or 
imposes a moratorium, standstill, roll over or deferral, w hether de facto or de jure, w ith respect to one or more Obligations 
in an aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement and (ii) a Failure to Pay, determined w ithout regard to the 
Payment Requirement, or a Restructuring, determined w ithout regard to the Default Requirement, w ith respect to any such 
Obligation occurs on or prior to the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date. 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date means, if a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium 
occurs on or prior to the 
Scheduled Last Credit Event Occurrence Date, (i) if the Obligations to w hich such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium relates 
include Bonds, the date that is the later of (A) the date that is 60 days after the date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratoriu m 
and (B) the first payment date under any such Bond after the date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium (or, if later, the  
expiration date of any applicable Grace Period in respect of such payment date) and (ii) if the Obligations to w hich such 
Potential Repudiation/Moratorium relates do not include Bonds, the date that is 60 days after the date of such Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium; provided that, in either case, the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date shall occur no later than 
the Scheduled Expiration Date unless the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition is satisfied. 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition means a condition that is satisfied: 
(A) 
if the DC Secretary publicly announces, pursuant to a valid request that w as delivered and effectively received on 
or prior to the Scheduled Expiration Date, that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has 
Resolved that an event that constitutes a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred w ith respect to an 
Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity and that such event occurred on or prior to the Scheduled Last Credit 
Event Occurrence Date, or 
(B) 
otherw ise, by the delivery of a Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice and unless Notice of Publicly Available 
Information is specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, a Notice of Publicly Available Information 
by or on behalf of the Issuer to the Warrantholders that is effective on or prior to the Scheduled Expiration Date. 
In all cases, the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition w ill be deemed not to have been satisfied, or not capable of 
being satisfied, if, or to the extent that, the DC Secretary publicly announces that the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has Resolved that either (i) an event does not constitute a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium w ith 
respect to an Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity or (ii) an event that constitutes a Potential Repudiation/Moratoriu m 
has occurred w ith respect to an Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity but that such event occurred after the Scheduled 
Last Credit Event Occurrence Date. 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice means an irrevocable notice delivered by or on behalf of the Issuer to the 
Warrantholders that describes a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium that occurred on or prior to the Scheduled Last Credit 
Event Occurrence Date. A Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail of the 
facts relevant to the determination that a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred and indicate the date of the 
occurrence. The Potential Repudiation/Moratorium that is the subject of the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice need 
not be continuing on the date the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice is effective. Unless Notice of Publicly Available 
Information is specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, if a Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice  
contains Publicly Available Information, such Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice w ill also be deemed to be a Notice 
of Publicly Available Information. 
Resolve has the meaning given to it in the DC Rules, and "Resolved" and "Resolves" shall be construed accordingly. 
Restructured Bond or Loan means an Obligation w hich is a Bond or Loan and in respect of w hich the relevant Restructuring 
has occurred. 
Restructuring means that:

--- Page 627 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
627 
 
(A) 
w ith respect to one or more Obligations and in relation to an aggregate amount of not less than the Default 
Requirement, any one or more of the follow ing events occurs in a form that binds all holders of such Obligation, is 
agreed betw een a Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority and a sufficient number of holders of such 
Obligation to bind all holders of the Obligation or is announced (or otherw ise decreed) by a Reference Entity or a 
Governmental Authority in a form that binds all holders of such Obligation (including, in each case, in respect of 
Bonds only, by w ay of an exchange) and such event is not expressly provided for under the terms of such Obligation 
in effect as of the later of the First Credit Event Occurrence Date (or such other date determined by the Calculation 
Agent by reference to any Hedge Position) and the date as of w hich such Obligation is issued or incurred: 
(1) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled interest accruals (including 
by w ay of redenomination); 
(2) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption (including by w ay of 
redenomination); 
(3) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (a) the payment or accrual of interest, or (b) 
the payment of principal or premium; 
(4) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Obligation, causing the Subordination of such 
Obligation to any other Obligation; or 
(5) 
any change in the currency of any payment of interest, principal or premium to any currency other than 
the law ful currency of Canada, Japan, Sw itzerland, the United Kingdom and the United States and the 
euro and any successor currency to any of the aforementioned currencies (w hich in the case of the euro, 
shall mean the currency w hich succeeds to and replaces the euro in w hole). 
(B) 
Notw ithstanding the provisions of paragraph (A) above, none of the follow ing w ill constitute a Restructuring: 
(1) 
the payment in euros of interest, principal or premium in relation to an Obligation denominated in a 
currency of a Member State of the European Union that adopts or has adopted the single currency in 
accordance w ith the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended by the Treaty on 
European Union; 
(2) 
the redenomination from euros into another currency, if (A) the redenomination occurs as a result of action 
taken by a Governmental Authority of a Member State of the European Union w hich is of general 
application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority and (B) a freely available market rate of 
conversion betw een euros and such other currency existed at the time of such redenomination and there 
is no reduction in the rate or amount of interest, principal or premium payable, as determined by reference 
to such freely available market rate of conversion; 
(3) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in paragraphs (A)(1) to 
(A)(5) above, due to an administrative adjustment, accounting adjustment or tax adjustment or other 
technical adjustment occurring in the ordinary course of business; and 
(4) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in paragraphs (A)(1) to 
(A)(5) above in circumstances w here such event does not directly or indirectly result from a deterioration 
in the creditw orthiness or financial condition of the Reference Entity, provided that in respect of paragraph 
(A)(5) above only, no such deterioration in the creditw orthiness or financial condition of the Reference 
Entity is required w here the redenomination is from euros into another currency and occurs as a result of 
action taken by a Governmental Authority of a Member State of the European Union w hich is of general 
application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority. 
(C) 
For the purposes of paragraphs (A) and (B) above and, unless Multiple Holder Obligation is specified as "Not 
Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, paragraph (E) below  and the definition of Multiple Holder Obligation, the 
term Obligation shall be deemed to include Underlying Obligations for w hich the Reference Entity is acting as 
provider of a Guarantee. In the case of a Guarantee and an Underlying Obligation, references to the Reference

--- Page 628 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
628 
 
Entity in paragraph (A) above shall be deemed to refer to the Underlying Obligor and the reference to the Reference 
Entity in paragraph (B) above shall continue to refer to the Reference Entity. 
(D) 
If an exchange has occurred, the determination as to w hether one of the events described under paragraphs (A)(1) 
to (A)(5) above has occurred w ill be based on a comparison of the terms of the Bond immediately prior to such 
exchange and the terms of the resulting obligations immediately follow ing such exchange. 
(E) 
Unless Multiple 
Holder Obligation is specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, then, 
notw ithstanding anything to the contrary in paragraphs (A), (B) and (C) above, the occurrence of, agreement to or 
announcement of any of the events described in paragraphs (A)(1) to (A)(5) above shall not be a Restructuring 
unless the Obligation in respect of any such events is a Multiple Holder Obligation. 
Restructuring Date means the date on w hich a Restructuring is legally effective in accordance w ith the terms of the 
documentation governing such Restructuring. 
Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date means, w ith respect to a [Deliverable]** [Selected]* Obligation, the Limitation Date 
occurring on or immediately follow ing the Scheduled Expiration Date. Notw ithstanding the foregoing, if the final maturity date 
of the Restructured Bond or Loan w ith the latest final maturity date of any Restructured Bond or Loan, occurs prior to the 
2.5-year Limitation Date (such Restructured Bond or Loan a Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan) and the 
Scheduled Expiration Date occurs prior to the final maturity date of such Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan, then 
the Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date w ill be the final maturity date of such Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan. 
Scheduled Last Credit Event Occurrence Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Selected Obligation(s) means, for the purpose of determining the Final Price, as specified in the Final Valuation Notice, 
any of: 
(A) 
the Reference Obligation(s) (if any); 
(B) 
any obligation of a Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee, described by the 
Selected Obligation Category specified in the applicable Final Terms and having each of the Selected Obligation 
Characteristics, if any, specified in the applicable Final Terms (as of the date on w hich the Calculation Agent 
determines that such obligations are Selected Obligations)); 
(C) 
solely in relation to a Restructuring Credit Event applicable to a Reference Entity w hich is a Sovereign, and unless 
Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any Sovereign Restructured Selected Obligation; and 
(D) 
if Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any Prior Deliverable Obligation (if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is 
specified as "Applicable" in respect of the Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms) or any Package 
Observable Bond (if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign), PROVIDED THAT such Prior Deliverable Obligation or 
Package Observable Bond, as applicable, may be replaced by the related Asset Package, and (i) such Asset 
Package shall be treated as having the same currency, Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, 
as applicable, as the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond to w hich it corresponds had 
immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event, and (ii) if the Asset Package is zero, the Final Price of such 
Asset Package shall be deemed to be zero, 
in each case, (i) unless it is an Excluded Selected Obligation; and (ii) provided that the obligation has an Outstanding Principal 
Balance or Due and Payable Amount w hich is greater than zero (determined for the purposes of paragraph (D) above of this 
definition, immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event). 
For purposes of assessing the applicability of Selected Obligation Characteristics and the requirements specified in the 
definition of Mod R and Mod Mod R to a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package Observable Bond, any such assessment 
shall be made by reference to the terms of the relevant Obligation in effect immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit 
Event.

--- Page 629 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
629 
 
If "Subordinated European Insurance Terms" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, if a Selected 
Obligation w ould otherw ise satisfy the Maximum Maturity Selected Obligation Characteristic, the existence of any Solvency 
Capital Provisions in the relevant Selected Obligation shall not cause such Selected Obligation to fail to satisfy such Selected 
Obligation Characteristic. 
Where a Selected Obligation is denominated in a currency other than the Settlement Currency of the Credit Linked Warrants, 
the Calculation Agent w ill, w here required, determine the Settlement Currency equivalent of the Outstanding Principal 
Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as the case may be, in respect of that Selected Obligation by reference to the mid-point 
rate of conversion published by WM/Reuters at 4:00 pm (London time), or any successor rate source selected by the 
Calculation Agent on the Credit Valuation Date, or on such other date as determined by the Calculation Agent as appropriate 
by reference to any Hedge Positions and, if such rate is not available at such time, the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it deems appropriate. 
Selected Obligation Category means any one of Payment, Borrow ed Money, Reference Obligation Only, Bond, Loan, or 
Bond or Loan, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. In case of Reference Obligation Only, no Selected Obligation 
Characteristics shall be applicable. 
Selected Obligation Characteristics means any one or more of Not Subordinated, Specified Currency, Not Sovereign 
Lender, Not Domestic Currency, Not Domestic Law , Listed, Assignable Loan, Consent Required Loan, Transferable, Not 
Bearer, Maximum Maturity, Not Domestic Issuance and Accelerated or Matured as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If more than one of Assignable Loan and Consent Required Loan are specified as Selected Obligation Characteristics in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Selected Obligation may include any Loan that satisfies any one of such Selected Obligation 
Characteristics specified and need not satisfy all such Selected Obligation Characteristics. 
If "Financial Reference Entity Terms" and "Governmental Intervention" are specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, if an obligation w ould otherw ise satisfy a particular Selected Obligation Characteristic, the existence of any terms in 
the relevant obligation in effect at the time of making the determination w hich permit the Reference Entity's obligations to be 
altered, discharged, released or suspended in circumstances w hich w ould constitute a Governmental Intervention, shall not 
cause such obligation to fail to satisfy such Selected Obligation Characteristic. 
Senior Obligation means any obligation w hich is not Subordinated to any unsubordinated Borrow ed Money obligation of 
the Reference Entity. 
Senior Transaction means, in respect of a Reference Entity, that (a) the Reference Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, 
as applicable, is a Senior Obligation, or (b) there is no Reference Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation. 
Seniority Level means, w ith respect to an obligation of a Reference Entity (a) "Senior Level" or "Subordinated Level" as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, or (b) if no such seniority level is specified in the applicable Final Terms, "Senior 
Level" if the Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation is a Senior Obligation or "Subordinated Level" if the Original 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation is a Subordinated Obligation, failing w hich (c) "Senior Level". 
Settlement Date means, for the purposes of these Additional Terms and Conditions only, the date determined by the 
Calculation Agent w hich is no later than six Payment Business Days follow ing the Expiration Date or such other date as is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Settlement Method means either Physical Settlement (see Condition 1.1) or Cash Settlement (see Condition 1.1.3) as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Settlement Type means American Settlement or European Settlement as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Short Warrants means Credit Linked Warrants in respect of w hich "Short Warrants" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Single Name Warrant means a Credit Linked Warrant indexed on one Reference Entity for w hich the applicable Final Terms 
specify that the clause "Type of Credit Linked Warrants" is stated as being "Single Name Warrants".

--- Page 630 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
630 
 
SME Growth Market means a multilateral trading facility that is registered as an SME grow th market in accordance w ith 
Article 33 of MiFID II. 
Solvency Capital Provisions means any terms in an obligation w hich permit the Reference Entity’s payment obligations 
thereunder to be deferred, suspended, cancelled, converted, reduced or otherw ise varied and w hich are necessary in order 
for the obligation to constitute capital resources of a particular tier. 
Sovereign means any state, political subdivision or government, or any agency, instrumentality, ministry, department or  
other authority acting in a governmental capacity, (including, w ithout limiting the foregoing, the central bank) thereof. 
Sovereign Restructured Deliverable Obligation means an Obligation of a Reference Entity w hich is a Sovereign (either 
directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee) (a) in respect of w hich a Restructuring that is the subject of the relevant 
Credit Event Notice has occurred and (b) w hich fell w ithin the definition of a Deliverable Obligation immediately preceding 
the date on w hich such Restructuring is legally effective in accordance w ith the terms of the documentation governing such 
Restructuring. 
Sovereign Restructured Selected Obligation means an Obligation of a Reference Entity w hich is a Sovereign (either 
directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee) (a) in respect of w hich a Restructuring that is the subject of the relevant 
Credit Event Notice has occurred and (b) w hich fell w ithin the definition of a Selected Obligation immediately preceding the 
date on w hich such Restructuring is legally effective in accordance w ith the terms of the documentation governing such 
Restructuring. 
Sovereign Succession Event means, w ith respect to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, an annexation, unification, 
secession, partition, dissolution, consolidation, reconstitution or other similar event. 
Specified Currency means for the purposes of these Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants, an 
obligation that is payable in the currency or currencies specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (or, if Specified 
Currency is specified in the applicable Final Terms and no currency is so specified, Standard Specified Currency), provided 
that if the euro is a Specified Currency, "Specified Currency" shall also include an obligation that w as previously payable in 
the euro, regardless of any redenomination thereafter if such redenomination occurred as a result of action taken by a 
Governmental Authority of a Member State of the European Union w hich is of general application in the jurisdiction of such 
Governmental Authority. 
Specified Deliverable Obligation(s) means Deliverable Obligations of the Reference Entity or First-to-Default Reference 
Entity as specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement (subject to the definition of such term) w hich, for the avoidance of 
doubt, may w here Asset Package Delivery is applicable, include any Prior Deliverable Obligation, Package Observable Bond 
or Asset Package. 
Specified Number means the number of Public Sources specified in the applicable Final Terms (or if a number is not 
specified, tw o). 
SRO List means the list of Standard Reference Obligations as published by ISDA on its w ebsite at w ww.isda.org from time 
to time (or any successor w ebsite thereto) or by a third party designated by ISDA on its w ebsite from time to time. 
Standard Reference Obligation means the obligation of the Reference Entity w ith the relevant Seniority Level w hich is 
specified from time to time on the SRO List. 
Standard Specified Currency means each of the law ful currencies of Canada, Japan, Sw itzerland, France, Germany, the 
United Kingdom and the United States and the euro and any successor currency to any of the aforementioned currencies 
(w hich in the case of the euro, shall mean the currency w hich succeeds to and replaces the euro in w hole). 
Standard Unwind Costs means in respect of each Credit Linked Warrant, an amount, subject to a minimum of zero, 
determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of (w ithout duplication) all costs, expenses (including break funding 
charges and loss of funding, w hich, for the avoidance of doubt, represents the loss of future interest amounts to be received 
under the funding arrangement(s) entered into in relation to the Credit Linked Warrants), tax and duties incurred directly or  
indirectly by Societe Generale or any of its Affiliates in relation to the occurrence of a Credit Event Determination Date and

--- Page 631 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
631 
 
the related partial or total termination, settlement or re-establishment of any Hedge Position, such amount to be apportioned 
pro rata amongst the outstanding Credit Linked Warrants. 
Steps Plan means a plan evidenced by Eligible Information contemplating that there w ill be a series of successions to some 
or all of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, by one or more entities. 
Subordinated Obligation means any obligation w hich is Subordinated to any unsubordinated Borrow ed Money obligation 
of the Reference Entity or w hich w ould be so Subordinated if any unsubordinated Borrow ed Money obligation of the 
Reference Entity existed. 
Subordinated Transaction means, in respect of a Reference Entity, that the Reference Obligation or Prior Reference 
Obligation, as applicable, is a Subordinated Obligation. 
Subordination means, w ith respect to an obligation (the Second Obligation) and another obligation of the Reference Entity 
to w hich such obligation is being compared (the First Obligation), a contractual, trust or similar arrangement providing that 
(i) upon the liquidation, dissolution, reorganisation or w inding-up of the Reference Entity, claims of the holders of the First 
Obligation are required to be satisfied prior to the claims of the holders of the Second Obligation or (ii) the holders of the 
Second Obligation w ill not be entitled to receive or retain payments in respect of their claims against the Reference Entity at 
any time that the Reference Entity is in payment arrears or is otherw ise in default under the First Obligation. Subordinated 
w ill be construed accordingly. For the purposes of determining w hether Subordination exists or w hether an obligation is 
Subordinated w ith respect to another obligation to w hich it is being compared, (x) the existence of preferred creditors arising 
by operation of law  or of collateral, credit support or other credit enhancement or security arrangements shall not be taken 
into account, except that, notw ithstanding the foregoing, priorities arising by operation of law  shall be taken into account 
w here the Reference Entity is a Sovereign and (y) in the case of the Reference Obligation or the Prior Reference Obligation, 
as applicable, the ranking in priority of payment shall be determined as of the date as of w hich it w as issued or incurred (or 
in circumstances w here the Reference Obligation or a Prior Reference Obligation is the Standard Reference Obligation and 
"Standard Reference Obligation" is applicable, then the priority of payment of the Reference Obligation or the Prior Reference 
Obligation, as applicable, shall be determined as of the date of selection) and, in each case, shall not reflect any change to 
such ranking in priority of payment after such date. 
Substitute Reference Obligation(s) means, w ith respect to a Non-Standard Reference Obligation to w hich a Substitution 
Event has occurred, the obligation that w ill replace the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, determined by the Calculation 
Agent as follow s: 
(a) 
The Calculation Agent shall identify the Substitute Reference Obligation in accordance w ith paragraph (c), (d) and 
(e) below  to replace the Non-Standard Reference Obligation; provided that the Calculation Agent w ill not identify 
an obligation as the Substitute Reference Obligation if, at the time of determination, such obligation has already 
been rejected as the Substitute Reference Obligation by the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committe e 
and such obligation has not changed materially since the date of the relevant DC Resolution. 
(b) 
If any of the events set forth under paragraph (i) or (iii) of the definition of Substitution Event have occurred w ith 
respect to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, the Non-Standard Reference Obligation w ill cease to be the 
Reference Obligation (other than for purposes of the "Not Subordinated" Obligation Characteristic or "Not 
Subordinated" [Selected]* [Deliverable]** Obligation Characteristic and paragraph (c)(ii) below ). If the event set forth 
in paragraph (ii) of the definition of Substitution Event has occurred w ith respect to the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation and no Substitute Reference Obligation is available, the Non-Standard Reference Obligation w ill 
continue to be the Reference Obligation until the Substitute Reference Obligation is identified or, if earlier, until any 
of the events set forth under paragraphs (i) or (iii) of the definition of Substitution Event occur w ith respect to such 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation. 
(c) 
The Substitute Reference Obligation shall be an obligation that on the Substitution Date: 
(i) 
is a Borrow ed Money obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a guarantee);

--- Page 632 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
632 
 
(ii) 
satisfies the Not Subordinated [Selected]* [Deliverable]** Obligation Characteristic as of the date it was 
issued or incurred (w ithout reflecting any change to the priority of payment after such date) and on the 
Substitution Date; and 
(iii) 
(A) 
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation w as a Conforming Reference Obligation w hen issued 
or incurred and immediately prior to the Substitution Event Date: 
(I) 
is a [Selected]* [Deliverable]** Obligation (other than a Loan) determined in accordance 
w ith paragraph (B) of the definition of [Selected]* [Deliverable]** Obligation [or, w here 
Selected Obligation is specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, any 
relevant obligation determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to any Hedge 
Positions]*; or if no such obligation is available, 
(II) 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) w hich constitutes a [Selected]* [Deliverable]** 
Obligation determined in accordance w ith paragraph (B) of the definition of [Selected]* 
[Deliverable]** Obligation [or, w here Selected Obligation is specified as "Not Applicable" 
in the applicable Final Terms, any relevant obligation determined by the Calculation 
Agent by reference to any Hedge Positions]*; 
(B) 
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation w as a Bond (or any other Borrow ed Money obligation 
other than a Loan) w hich w as a Non-Conforming Reference Obligation w hen issued or incurred 
and/or immediately prior to the Substitution Event Date: 
(I) 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation (other than a Loan); or if no such 
obligation is available, 
(II) 
is a [Selected]* [Deliverable]** Obligation (other than a Loan) determined in accordance 
w ith paragraph (B) of the definition of [Selected]* [Deliverable]** Obligation [or, w here 
Selected Obligation is specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, any 
relevant obligation determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to any Hedge 
Positions]*; or if no such obligation is available, or 
(III) 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation w hich is a Loan (other than a 
Private-side Loan) or, if no such obligation is available, 
(IV) 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) w hich constitutes a [Selected]* [Deliverable]** 
Obligation determined in accordance w ith paragraph (B) of the definition of [Selected]* 
[Deliverable]** Obligation [or, w here Selected Obligation is specified as "Not Applicable" 
in the applicable Final Terms, any relevant obligation determined by the Calculation 
Agent by reference to any Hedge Positions]*; or 
(C) 
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation w as a Loan w hich w as a Non-Conforming Reference 
Obligation w hen incurred and/or immediately prior to the Substitution Event Date: 
(I) 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation w hich is a Loan (other than a 
Private-side Loan); or if no such obligation is available, 
(II) 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation (other than a Loan) or if no such 
obligation is available, 
(III) 
is a [Selected]* [Deliverable]** Obligation (other than a Loan) determined in accordance 
w ith paragraph (B) of the definition of [Selected]* [Deliverable]** Obligation [or, w here 
Selected Obligation is specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, any 
relevant obligation determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to any Hedge 
Positions]*; or if no such obligation is available,

--- Page 633 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
633 
 
(IV) 
 is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) w hich constitutes a [Selected]* [Deliverable]** 
Obligation determined in accordance w ith paragraph (B) of the definition of [Selected]* 
[Deliverable]** Obligation [or, w here Selected Obligation is specified as "Not Applicable" 
in the applicable Final Terms, any relevant obligation determined by the Calculation 
Agent by reference to any Hedge Positions]*. 
(d) 
If more than one potential Substitute Reference Obligation is identified pursuant to the process described in 
paragraph (c) above, the Substitute Reference Obligation w ill be the potential Substitute Reference Obligation that 
most closely preserves the economic equivalent of the delivery and payment obligations of the Issuer under the 
Credit Linked Warrants, as determined by the Calculation Agent. The Substitute Reference Obligation w ill replace 
the Non-Standard Reference Obligation on such date as determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to any 
Hedge Positions, w hich is expected to be as soon as reasonably practicable after it has been identified in 
accordance w ith paragraph (c) above. Information about the occurrence of a Substitute Reference Obligation w ith 
a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the determination of the Substitute Reference Obligation, 
including the identity thereof and the date of substitution, may be requested at any time by the Warrantholders at 
the specified office of the Calculation Agent (subject to proof of ow nership of such Credit Linked Warrants in a form 
acceptable to the Calculation Agent). 
(e) 
If a Substitution Event has occurred w ith respect to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation and the Calculation 
Agent determines that no Substitute Reference Obligation is available for the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, 
then, subject to paragraph (a) above and notw ithstanding the fact that the Non-Standard Reference Obligation may 
have ceased to be the Reference Obligation in accordance w ith paragraph (b) above, the Calculation Agent shall 
continue to attempt to identify the Substitute Reference Obligation. 
Substitution Date means, w ith respect to a Substitute Reference Obligation, the date, selected by the Calculation Agent by 
reference to any Hedge Positions, that the Calculation Agent has determined in accordance w ith the definition of Substitute 
Reference Obligation. 
Substitution Event means, w ith respect to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation: 
(i) 
the Non-Standard Reference Obligation is redeemed in w hole; 
(ii) 
the aggregate amounts due under the Non-Standard Reference Obligation have been reduced by redemption or 
otherw ise below  USD 10,000,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent); or 
(iii) 
for any reason, other than due to the existence or occurrence of a Credit Event, the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation is no longer an obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a guarantee). 
For purposes of identification of a Non-Standard Reference Obligation, any change in the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation's CUSIP or ISIN number or other similar identifier w ill not, in and of itself, constitute a Substitution Event. 
If an event described in paragraph (i) or (ii) above has occurred on or prior to the Issue Date, then a Substitution Event shall 
be deemed to have occurred pursuant to paragraph (i) or (ii), as the case may be, on the Issue Date. 
If a Substitution Event occurs in respect of the Reference Obligation in Reference Obligation Only Warrants and unless 
"Substitution Event Early Termination" is specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent 
shall consider such event as an event triggering the early termination of the Credit Linked Warrants and the Issuer shall 
terminate its obligations under the Credit Linked Warrants and shall pay or deliver or cause to be paid or delivered the Early 
Termination Settlement Amount on the basis of the Market Value as defined in Condition [5.5]/[5.5] of the General Terms 
and Conditions or, in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants, subject to payment of the Exercise Price divided, if applicable 
by the Parity, the Early Termination Physical Delivery Amount determined in accordance w ith Condition [5.5]/[5.5] of the 
General Terms and Conditions. Notice shall be given by or on behalf of the Issuer to the Warrantholders informing them of 
the Substitution Event and the date scheduled for early termination.

--- Page 634 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
634 
 
Substitution Event Date means, w ith respect to a Reference Obligation, the date of the occurrence of the relevant 
Substitution Event. 
Succession Date means the legally effective date of an event in w hich one or more entities succeed to some or all of the 
Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity; provided that if at such time, there is a Steps Plan, the Succession Date w ill 
be the legally effective date of the final succession in respect of such Steps Plan, or if earlier (i) the date on w hich a 
determination pursuant to paragraph (A) of the definition of Successor w ould not be affected by any further related 
successions in respect of such Steps Plan, or (ii) the occurrence of a Credit Event Determination Date in respect of the 
Reference Entity or any entity w hich w ould constitute a Successor. 
Successor means, in respect of a Reference Entity, the entity or entities, if any, determined as follow s: 
(A) 
subject to paragraph (C) below  of this definition, the entity or entities, if any determined as follow s: 
(1) 
subject to paragraph (A)(7) below , if one entity succeeds, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee, to seventy-five per cent. or more of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, that entity 
w ill be the sole Successor and, in the case of Basket Warrants and Tranche Warrants, the Reference 
Entity Weighting of such sole Successor w ill be the Reference Entity Weighting of the Reference Entity 
before the succession. 
(2) 
If only one entity succeeds, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee, to more than 
tw enty-five per cent. (but less than seventy five per cent.) of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference 
Entity, and not more than tw enty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity remain 
w ith the Reference Entity, the entity that succeeds to more than tw enty-five per cent. of the Relevant 
Obligations w ill be the sole Successor and, in the case of Basket Warrants and Tranche Warrants, the 
Reference Entity Weighting of such sole Successor w ill be the Reference Entity Weighting of the 
Reference Entity before the succession. 
(3) 
If more than one entity each succeeds, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee to more 
than tw enty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, and not more than 
tw enty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity remain w ith the Reference Entity, 
the entities that succeed to more than tw enty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations w ill each be a 
Successor and the terms of the Credit Linked Warrants w ill be amended in accordance w ith the provisions 
set out in the definition of Multiple Successor in Condition 1.3 above. In the case of Basket Warrants and 
Tranche Warrants, the Reference Entity Weighting of each Successor w ill be the Reference Entity 
Weighting of the Reference Entity before the succession, divided by the number of Successors. 
(4) 
If one or more entities each succeeds, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee, to more 
than tw enty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, and more than tw enty-five 
per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity remain w ith the Reference Entity, each such 
entity and the Reference Entity w ill each be a Successor and the terms of the Credit Linked Warrants w ill 
be amended in accordance w ith the provisions set out in the definition of Multiple Successor in Condition 
1.3 above. In the case of Basket Warrants and Tranche Warrants, the Reference Entity Weighting of each 
Successor w ill be the Reference Entity Weighting of the Reference Entity before the succession, divided 
by the number of Successors. 
(5) 
If one or more entities succeed, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee, to a portion of the 
Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, but no entity succeeds to more than tw enty-five per cent. of 
the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity and the Reference Entity continues to exist, there w ill be 
no Successor and the terms of the Credit Linked Warrants w ill not be changed in any w ay as a result of 
such succession. 
(6) 
If one or more entities succeed, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee, to a portion of the 
Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, but no entity succeeds to more than tw enty-five per cent. of 
the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity and the Reference Entity ceases to exist, the entity w hich 
succeeds to the greatest percentage of Relevant Obligations w ill be the Successor (provided that if tw o or

--- Page 635 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
635 
 
more entities succeed to an equal percentage of Relevant Obligations, each such entity w ill be a 
Successor) and, in the case of Basket Warrants and Tranche Warrants, the Reference Entity Weighting 
of such Successor(s) w ill be the Reference Entity Weighting of the Reference Entity before the succession, 
divided by the number of Successor(s). 
(7) 
in respect of a Reference Entity w hich is not a Sovereign, if one entity assumes all of the obligations 
(including at least one Relevant Obligation) of the Reference Entity, and either (A) the Reference Entity 
has ceased to exist or (B) the Reference Entity is in the process of being dissolved (how soever described) 
and the Reference Entity has not issued or incurred any Borrow ed Money obligation at any time since the 
legally effective date of the assumption, that entity (the "Universal Successor") will be the sole Successor 
and, in the case of Basket Warrants and Tranche Warrants, the Reference Entity Weighting of such sole 
Successor w ill be the Reference Entity Weighting of the Reference Entity before the succession or as 
otherw ise determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to Hedge Positions. 
PROVIDED THAT, in the case of Basket Warrants and Tranche Warrants, if the resulting Successor of  a Reference 
Entity affected by a succession, or as the case may be, one or more of the several resulting Successors of such 
Reference Entity is(are) another Reference Entity comprised in the Reference Portfolio at the legally effective date 
of the succession, the Reference Entity Weighting of the Successor w ill be the sum of the Reference Entity 
Weighting of such Successor after the succession as determined in accordance w ith paragraphs (A)(1), (A)(2), 
(A)(3), (A)(4), (A)(6) or (A)(7) above and the Reference Entity Weighting of such Successor in effect prior to the 
succession. 
PROVIDED FURTHER THAT, in the case of Basket Warrants and Tranche Warrants, if tw o or more Reference  
Entities are affected by a succession resulting in at least one common Successor, the Reference Entity Weighting 
of the Successor w ill be the sum of the Reference Entity Weighting of such Successor after the succession as 
determined in accordance w ith paragraphs (A)(1), (A)(2), (A)(3), (A)(4), (A)(6) or (A)(7) above w ith respect to each 
Reference Entity in respect of w hich it is a Successor. 
PROVIDED FURTHER THAT (for paragraph (A) above), if the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause 
"N-to-M-to-Default" is stated as being "Applicable" or in respect of First-to-Default Warrants, the Calculation Agent 
w ill adjust the effect of any succession as necessary so that in all cases the number of Reference Entities in the 
Reference Portfolio w ill remain unchanged and if the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause 
"N-to-M-to-Default" is stated as being "Applicable", so that the Reference Entity Weighting w ill remain the same for 
all Reference Entities comprised in the Reference Portfolio, in particular: 
(1) 
if the resulting Successor of a Reference Entity (the Legacy Reference Entity) affected by a succession 
is another Reference Entity comprised in the Reference Portfolio (the Surviving Reference Entity) at the 
legally effective date of the succession, the Calculation Agent acting in good faith shall select a new  entity 
having an equivalent Rating (as defined below ) or an equivalent credit risk (if no Rating is available) to the 
Legacy Reference Entity immediately prior to the occurrence of the succession; such new  entity shall be 
deemed to have replaced the Legacy Reference Entity as Reference Entity effective on and from the date 
of the succession and if the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "N-to-M-to-Default" is 
"Applicable", the Reference Entity Weighting of the Surviving Reference Entity shall remain the Reference 
Entity Weighting of the Surviving Reference Entity in effect prior to the succession and the Reference 
Entity Weighting of the entity having replaced the Legacy Reference Entity shall be equal to the Reference 
Entity Weighting of the Legacy Reference Entity prior to the succession; and 
(2) 
if a succession w ould result in more than one Successor (the Potential Successors) to a Reference Entity 
either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee, the Calculation Agent shall select only one entity 
(the Chosen Successor) among the Potential Successors to replace the Reference Entity; the Chosen 
Successor shall be deemed to have replaced the Reference Entity and if the applicable Final Terms specify 
that the clause "N-to-M-to-Default" is "Applicable", its Reference Entity Weighting shall be equal to the 
Reference Entity Weighting of the Reference Entity prior to the succession.

--- Page 636 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
636 
 
For the purposes of this definition Rating means the senior unsecured debt rating assigned by the three rating 
agencies Moody’s France S.A.S., S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited and Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited or any of 
them, being understood that if the ratings assigned in respect of an entity are not equivalent, only the highest one(s) 
w ill be taken into consideration. 
(B) 
The Calculation Agent w ill be responsible for determining w ith effect from the Succession Date any Successor or 
Successors under paragraph (A) above; provided that the Calculation Agent w ill not make such determination if, at 
the time of determination, the DC Secretary has publicly announced that the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has Resolved that there is no Successor based on the relevant succession to Relevant 
Obligations. Information about the occurrence of a succession (or, in relation to a Reference Entity that is a 
Sovereign, a Sovereign Succession Event) pursuant to w hich one or more Successors to a Reference Entity can 
be determined, w ith reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the determination, pursuant to paragraph (A) of the 
definition of Successor, of the identity of any Successor(s), may be requested at any time by the Warrantholders at 
the specified office of the Calculation Agent (subject to proof of ow nership of such Warrants in a form acceptable 
to the Calculation Agent), and w ill be notified as part of a notice of Potential 
Failure to Pay or a 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice or a Credit Event Notice (as the case may be) in respect of the relevant 
Reference Entity. 
The Calculation Agent w ill make all calculations and determinations required to be made under this definition on 
the basis of Eligible Information. 
In calculating the percentages used to determine w hether an entity qualifies as a Successor under paragraph (A)(1) 
to (7) (inclusive) above, if there is a Steps Plan, the Calculation Agent shall consider all related successions 
contemplated by such Steps Plan in aggregate as if forming part of a single succession. 
(C) 
An entity may only be a Successor if: 
(i) 
either (A) the related Succession Date occurs on or after the Successor Backstop Date or (B) such entity 
is a Universal Successor in respect of w hich the Succession Date occurred on or after 1 January 2014 
(ii) 
the Reference Entity had at least one Relevant Obligation outstanding immediately prior to the Succession 
Date and such entity succeeds to all or part of at least one Relevant Obligation of the Reference Entity; 
and 
(iii) 
w here the Reference Entity is a Sovereign, such entity succeeded to the Relevant Obligations by w ay of 
a Sovereign Succession Event. 
(D) 
For the purposes of this definition, "succeed" means, w ith respect to a Reference Entity and its Relevant 
Obligations, that an entity other than the Reference Entity (i) assumes or becomes liable for such Relevant 
Obligations w hether by operation of law  or pursuant to any agreement (including, w ith respect to a Reference Entity 
that is a Sovereign, any protocol, treaty, convention, accord, concord, entente, pact or other agreement) or (ii) 
issues Bonds or incurs Loans (the Exchange Bonds or Loans) that are exchanged for Relevant Obligations, and 
in either case the Reference Entity is not thereafter a direct obligor or a provider of a Relevant Guarantee w ith 
respect to such Relevant Obligations or such Exchange Bonds or Loans, as applicable. For the purposes of this 
definition, succeeded and succession shall be construed accordingly. 
(E) 
In the case of an exchange offer, the determination required pursuant to paragraph (A) above shall be made on the 
basis of the outstanding principal balance of Relevant Obligations exchanged and not on the basis of the 
outstanding principal balance of the Exchange Bonds or Loans. 
(F) 
If tw o or more entities (each, a Joint Potential Successor) jointly succeed to one or more Relevant Obligations 
(collectively, the Joint Relevant Obligations) either directly or as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee, then (i) if 
the Joint Relevant Obligation w as a direct obligation of the relevant Reference Entity, it shall be treated as having 
been succeeded to by the Joint Potential Successor (or Joint Potential Successors, in equal parts) w hich succeeded 
to such Joint Relevant Obligation as direct obligor or obligors, or (ii) if the Joint Relevant Obligation w as a Relevant 
Guarantee, it shall be treated as having been succeeded to by the Joint Potential Successor (or Joint Potential

--- Page 637 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
637 
 
Successors, in equal parts) w hich succeeded to such Joint Relevant Obligation as guarantor or guarantors, if any, 
or otherw ise by each Joint Potential Successor in equal parts. 
Successor Backstop Date means for purposes of any Successor determination determined by DC Resolution the date that 
is ninety calendar days prior to the Successor Resolution Request Date otherw ise, the date that is ninety calendar days prior 
to the earlier of (i) the date on w hich the Calculation Agent determines that the succession is effective w hich date may be 
determined, w ithout limitation, by reference to any Hedge Positions and (ii) in circumstances w here (A) a Successor 
Resolution Request Date has occurred, (B) the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved not to 
make a Successor determination and (C) the Calculation Agent determines that the date on w hich the succession is effective 
(determined, w ithout limitation, by reference to any Hedge Positions) is not more than fourteen calendar days after the day 
on w hich the DC Secretary publicly announces that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved 
not to make a Successor determination, the Successor Resolution Request Date. The Successor Backstop Date shall not 
be subject to adjustment in accordance w ith any Business Day Convention. 
Successor Resolution Request Date means, w ith respect to a notice to the DC Secretary, requesting that a Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee be convened to Resolve one or more Successors to a Reference Entity, the date, as 
publicly announced by the DC Secretary, that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves to be the  
date on w hich such notice is effective. 
Tranche Notional Amount means, in respect of Tranche Warrants, the Aggregate Warrant Notional Amount of the Credit 
Linked Warrants or such other amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Tranche Subordination Amount means, unless specified otherw ise in the applicable Final Terms, w ith respect to Tranche 
Warrants, the Reference Portfolio Notional Amount multiplied by the Attachment Point. 
Tranche Warrant means a Basket Warrant for w hich the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Type of Credit 
Linked Warrants" is stated as being "Tranche Warrants". 
Transaction Auction Settlement Terms means in respect of a Reference Entity and the related Credit Event, the Credit 
Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms published by ISDA, in accordance w ith the DC Rules or any other recognised 
association or organisation selected by the Calculation Agent (including for the avoidance of doubt any Auction Settlement), 
w hich provides for the valuation of obligations of a Reference Entity in respect of w hich a Credit Event has occurred and 
w hich shall be used to determine the amounts payable betw een the parties to a credit derivatives transaction referencing 
such Reference Entity for w hich Auction Covered Transactions (as defined in the DC Rules) w ould be credit derivatives 
transactions w ith a scheduled termination date comparable to or later than the Scheduled Expiration Date of the Credit 
Linked Warrants. 
Transaction Type means, in respect of a Reference Entity, the transaction type specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Transferable means an obligation that is transferable to institutional investors w ithout any contractual, statutory or regulatory 
restriction, provided that none of the follow ing w ill be considered contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions: 
(A) 
contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions that provide for eligibility for resale pursuant to Rule 144A or 
Regulation S promulgated under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (and any contractual, 
statutory or regulatory restrictions promulgated under the law s of any jurisdiction having a similar effect in relation 
to the eligibility for resale of an obligation); 
(B) 
restrictions on permitted investments such as statutory or regulatory investment restrictions on insurance 
companies and pension funds; or 
(C) 
restrictions in respect of blocked periods on or around payment dates or voting periods. 
If the [Deliverable]**[Selected]* Obligation Characteristic Transferable is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final 
Terms, such Final Terms shall be construed as though such [Deliverable]**[Selected]* Obligation Characteristic had been 
specified as a [Deliverable]**[Selected]* Obligation Characteristic only w ith respect to [Deliverable]**[Selected]* Obligations

--- Page 638 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
638 
 
that are not Loans (and shall only be relevant to the extent that obligations other than Loans are covered by the specified 
[Deliverable]**[Selected]* Obligation Category). 
Undeliverable Obligation(s) means that part of the Specified Deliverable Obligations for w hich Delivery is Illegal or 
Impossible. 
Underlying Obligation means, w ith respect to a guarantee, the obligation w hich is the subject of the guarantee. 
Underlying Obligor means w ith respect to an Underlying Obligation, the issuer in the case of a Bond, the borrow er in the 
case of a Loan, or the principal obligor in the case of any other Underlying Obligation. 
Unsettled Credit Event means, w ith respect to a Reference Entity, that: 
(A) 
a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred prior to the Scheduled Expiration Date and the Exercise Date, as 
applicable, but the corresponding Final Valuation Notice Receipt Date has not occurred immediately prior to the 
Scheduled Expiration Date or relevant Exercise Date; or 
(B) 
a Notice of Pending Credit Event is delivered less than 100 Business Days prior to the Scheduled Expiration Date 
and the Exercise Date, as applicable, and (i) a DC No Credit Event Announcement has not been published prior to 
the Scheduled Expiration Date or the Exercise Date, as applicable and (ii) if a Credit Event Notice has subsequently 
been delivered in relation to the relevant Credit Event, the corresponding Final Valuation Notice Receipt Date has 
not occurred immediately prior to the Scheduled Expiration Date or Exercise Date, as applicable; or 
(C) 
a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred and is continuing at earlier of the Scheduled Expiration Date and 
the Exercise Date, as applicable; or 
(D) 
a Potential Failure to Pay has occurred and is continuing at earlier of the Scheduled Expiration Date and the 
Exercise Date, as applicable. 
Unwind Costs means, in respect of each Credit Linked Warrant (i) Standard Unw ind Costs if specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms or (ii) the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms or (iii) zero if specified as being "Not 
Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms. 
Valuation Hedging Cost means, in relation to a Selected Obligation, the direct and duly documented cost, if any, borne by 
the Issuer, the Issuer's hedging counterparty, the Calculation Agent or an agent on their behalf in relation to the determina tion 
of the Final Price. 
Voting Shares means the shares or other interests that have the pow er to elect the board of directors or similar governing 
body of an entity. 
Weighted Average Quotation means, if there are no Full Quotations available, the w eighted average of respectively firm 
bid quotations (w ith respect to Long Warrants) or firm offer quotations (w ith respect to Short Warrants), in both cases 
obtained from the Quotation Dealers, to the extent reasonably practicable, each for an amount as large a size as available, 
that in aggregate are approximately equal to or greater than the Quotation Amount. 
3. 
ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS RELATED TO CDS SPREAD 
The provisions of this "Additional Provisions related to CDS Spread" shall be applicable for Single Name Warrants or Basket Warrants 
w here the applicable Final Terms specify that "Additional Provisions related to CDS Spread" is "Applicable". 
In the event of any inconsistency betw een Conditions 1 and 2 of these Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
and this Condition 3, the definitions and provisions of Condition 3 shall prevail.

--- Page 639 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
639 
 
3.1 
General definitions 
Adjustment Spread means (i) the adjustment spread specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, if applicable or (ii) 
(only if Dealer Poll Method is specified as applicable on the Issue Date in the applicable Final Terms), the adjustment spread 
specified in the notice to the Warrantholders in accordance w ith the definition “Sw itch Option” below  (if applicable). 
Aggregate Basket Loss means, as of any Valuation Date, an amount expressed in percentage and equal to (i) the 
Aggregate Loss Amount divided by (ii) the Reference Portfolio Notional Amount. For the avoidance of doubt, Aggregate 
Basket Loss shall take into account only the Credit Event Determination Date(s) (if any) for w hich the Final Value has been 
determined. 
Averaging Date means, in respect of a Valuation Date and a CDS Spread, each date specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms for the purpose of determining an average (or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for such CDS Spread, 
the next follow ing Scheduled Trading Day). 
CDS Spread means the Reference Entity Spread. 
CDS Dealer means any dealer (other than Societe Generale) determined by the Calculation Agent as being a dealer in 
respect of providing quotations in respect of credit default sw ap transactions. 
Dealer Poll Method means that, on any Valuation Date w here it is applicable, the Reference Entity Spread w ill be determined 
by the Calculation Agent as follow s: 
(A) 
the Calculation Agent w ill attempt to obtain quotations in accordance w ith the Quotation Method from five CDS 
Dealers, w hereby: 
(a) 
If three or more such quotations are obtained prior to the Quotation Deadline Time on such day, the 
Reference Entity Spread w ill be the arithmetic mean of such quotations w ithout regard to the quotation 
having the highest value (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) 
and the quotation having the low est value (or, if there is more than one such low est quotation, one only of 
such quotations)); or 
(b) 
If tw o such quotations are obtained prior to the Quotation Deadline Time, the Reference Entity Spread w ill 
be the arithmetic mean of such quotations; or 
(c) 
If one such quotation is obtained prior to the Quotation Deadline Time, the Reference Entity Spread w ill 
be such quotation; or 
(B) 
If it is not possible to obtain any quotations prior to the Quotation Deadline Time, the Reference Entity Spread w ill 
be a rate determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith, having regard to the conditions prevailing in the 
market, such as, but not limited to, the liquidity and trading conditions relating to the Reference CDS at the time of 
calculation. 
Effective Credit Index means the Initial Credit Index or, if subsequent versions of this Index are published after the Initial 
Credit Index, the latest version of the Initial Credit Index, published by the Credit Index Publisher and effective as of the 
relevant date. For the avoidance of doubt, it is expected that the Credit Index Publisher publishes a new  version each time 
a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred in respect of one Reference Entity composing the Effective Credit Index, 
and the Final Value has been determined pursuant to relevant Transaction Auction Settlement Terms. 
Effective Credit Index Spread means the offer rate, expressed as a quoted spread, for a credit default sw ap on the Effective 
Credit Index in the Credit Index Currency and w ith a maturity equal to the Credit Index Maturity, determined by the Calculati on 
Agent in accordance w ith the Dealer Poll Method. 
External Provider means (i) the external provider (or any successor) for the Reference Entity Spread specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or (ii) (only if Dealer Poll Method is specified as applicable on the Issue Date in the applicable Fin al

--- Page 640 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
640 
 
Terms), the external provider (or any successor) for the Reference Entity Spread specified in the notice to the Warrantholders 
in accordance w ith the definition “Sw itch Option” below  (if applicable). 
External Provider Method means that, on any Valuation Date w here it is applicable, the Reference Entity Spread w ill be 
determined by the Calculation Agent as follow s: 
(A) 
The sum of (i) the mid-market spread quotation published by the External Provider around the External Provider 
Time on such day (the External Provider Spread) and (ii) the Adjustment Spread; or 
(B) 
If the Reference Entity Spread cannot be obtained pursuant to (A) above or if there are less than 3 contributors to 
the External Provider on such day, the Calculation Agent w ill determine the Reference Entity Spread in accordance 
w ith the Dealer Poll Method. 
External Provider Time means 15.00 London time, unless otherw ise specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Effective Credit Index Upfront means the amount determined by the Calculation Agent on any Valuation Date(i), by 
converting the Effective Credit Index Spread into an upfront value, using the Bloomberg function “CDSW”, as further specified  
below , or any other calculation as the Calculation Agent may deem appropriate in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner. When using the Bloomberg function “CDSW”, the Calculation Agent shall determine the Effective Credit 
Index Upfront using the follow ing Bloomberg parameters w ith the resulting “Points Upfront” expressed as a percentage: 
Bloomberg requested CDS Spread: Effective Credit Index Spread 
Bloomberg requested Index Coupon: Credit Index Coupon 
Bloomberg requested Currency: Credit Index Currency 
Bloomberg requested Maturity Date: Credit Index Maturity 
Bloomberg requested Recovery Rate: Credit Index Recovery Rate 
Bloomberg requested Curve Date: Valuation Date(i) 
provided alw ays that if such page or any relevant details as noted above become unavailable, the Calculation Agent shall, 
in its sole discretion, effect the Effective Credit Index Upfront determination w ith substitute details w hich are market 
equivalent. 
Credit Index Coupon means a rate expressed in percentage as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Credit Index Currency means a currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
Credit Index Maturity means 5-year unless otherw ise specified in the applicable Final Terms 
Credit Index Publisher means the corporation or other entity (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that is responsible 
for setting and review ing the rules and procedures and the methods of calculation and adjustments, if any, related to the 
Initial Credit Index. 
Credit Index Recovery Rate means a rate expressed in percentage as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Initial Credit Index Means the credit index specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Quotation Deadline Time means 17.00 London time, unless otherw ise specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Quotation Method means the quotation method specified in the applicable Final Terms, w hich may be (i) Bid if the 
Reference Entity Spread is a bid rate, (ii) Offer if the Reference Entity Spread is an offer rate, or (iii) Mid-market if the 
Reference Entity Spread is a mid-market rate; or if no Quotation Method is so specified, Offer shall apply.

--- Page 641 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
641 
 
Rebased Index Spread means the spread, expressed as a percentage, and determined by the Calculation Agent on any 
Valuation Date(i) by converting the Rebased Index Upfront into a quoted spread,using the function “CDSW” in Bloomberg, 
as further specified below , or any other calculation as the Calculation Agent may deem appropriate, acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner. When using the Bloomberg function “CDSW”, the Calculation Agent w ill determine 
the Rebased Index Spread using the follow ing Bloomberg parameters: 
Bloomberg requested Points Upfront: Rebased Index Upfront 
Bloomberg requested Index Coupon: Credit Index Coupon  
Bloomberg requested Currency: Credit Index Currency 
Bloomberg requested Maturity Date: Credit Index Maturity 
Bloomberg requested Recovery Rate: Credit Index Recovery Rate 
Bloomberg requested Curve Date: Valuation Date(i) 
provided that if such page or any relevant details as described above become unavailable, the Calculation Agent shall, in its 
sole discretion, determine the Rebased Index Spread w ith substitute details w hich are market equivalent. 
 
Rebased Index Upfront means the sum of (i) the Effective Credit Index Upfront multiplied by the Remaining Basket Notional 
and (ii) the Aggregate Basket Loss. 
Reference CDS means a single-name credit default sw ap on the Reference Entity governed by the ISDA credit derivatives 
definitions in the Reference CDS Currency, and w ith a maturity equal to the Reference CDS Maturity (or the nearest standard 
maturity that is higher than such Reference CDS Maturity if such maturity is not available). 
Reference CDS Currency means the main trading currency for the relevant Reference Entity, unless otherw ise specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
Reference CDS Maturity means 5-year, unless otherw ise specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Reference Entity means the entity specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or any Successor thereto in accordance 
w ith the provisions of “Condition 2 "Definitions", subject alw ays to the provisions of Section 3.2 (Adjustments and 
Extraordinary Events) below . 
Reference Entity Spread means, in accordance w ith the Quotation Method, the rate, expressed as a quoted spread, for the 
Reference CDS, determined by the Calculation Agent initially in accordance w ith the Reference Entity Spread Method 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, subject to the Sw itch Option. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the Calculation Agent observes or receives a quotation expressed w ith an upfront amount (the 
Upfront Quotation), it w ill convert such Upfront Quotation into a quoted spread by using the function QCDS in Bloomberg 
or any other calculation as the Calculation Agent may deem appropriate, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner. 
Reference Entity Spread Method means either Dealer Poll Method or External Provider Method as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Remaining Basket Notional means, as of any Valuation Date, an amount expressed in percentage and equal to 100% 
minus the sum, for each Reference Entity in respect of w hich a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred and the Final 
Value has been determined, of the Reference Entity Weighting for such Reference Entity.

--- Page 642 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
642 
 
Scheduled Trading Day means, in respect of a CDS Spread, a Business Day for the purposes of these Additional Terms 
and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants. 
Switch Option means, unless Sw itch Option is specified as “Not Applicable” in the applicable Final Terms, that (i) on any 
day w here the applicable Reference Entity Spread Method is the Dealer Poll Method, the Issuer may, acting in a commercially 
reasonable manner, change the determination of the Reference Entity Spread to the External Provider Method, or (ii) on any 
day w here the applicable Reference Entity Spread Method is the External Provider Method, the Issuer may, acting in a 
commercially reasonable manner, change the determination of the Reference Entity Spread to the Dealer Poll Method, 
subject in the case of both (i) and (ii) to giving to the Warrantholders, in accordance w ith Condition [12]/[12] of the General 
Terms and Conditions, not less than 5 Business Days nor more than 10 Business Days' notice prior to the date of effect of 
the Sw itch Option specified in such notice, and the Sw itch Option shall take effect on the date of effect specified in such 
notice; 
Valuation Date means, in respect of a CDS Spread, each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (or, if such 
date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for such CDS Spread, the next follow ing Scheduled Trading Day). 
3.2 
ADJUSTMENTS AND EXTRAORDINARY EVENTS 
3.2.1 
Succession event 
If a succession event occurs in respect of the Reference Entity, the Calculation Agent may – in addition to the provisions of 
Condition 2 "Definitions" and acting in good faith – decide to either: 
(A) 
replace the Reference Entity (i) by the Successor or (ii) in case of several Successors, by one, some or all of the 
Successors resulting from the succession event; 
(B) 
substitute the Successor or Successors by one or several Similar Reference Entity(ies) (as defined in Condition 
1.6.4; 
(C) 
apply Monetisation until Expiration Date as per Condition [5.8]/[5.8] of the General Terms and Conditions; or 
(D) 
consider such succession event as an Early Termination Event as defined in Condition 1.6.4 paragraph (A) above, 
in w hich case the Issuer shall terminate its obligations under the Credit Linked Warrants and pay or deliver, as the 
case may be, as soon as possible after the Early Termination Event, (in the case of Cash Settled Warrants) an 
amount equal to the Early Termination Settlement Amount on the basis of Market Value as defined in Condition 
[5.5]/[5.5] of the General Terms and Conditions or (in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants), subject to the 
payment of the Exercise Price divided, if applicable, by the Parity, the Early Termination Physical Delivery Amount 
in accordance w ith Condition [5.5]/[5.5] of the General Terms and Conditions; 
in any case, it being understood that, in case of (A) or (B) above: 
(a) 
such replacement or substitution shall affect only the provisions related to Reference Entity Spread; and 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent w ill (x) calculate the corresponding adjustment, if any, to be made to the elements relating to 
a credit default sw ap on the relevant Reference Entity used to determine the Reference Entity Spread and any 
settlement or payment terms under the Credit Linked Warrants, and/or adjust any other terms of the Credit Linked 
Warrants as it determines appropriate to preserve the economic equivalent of the obligations of the Iss uer under 
the Credit Linked Warrants and (y) determine the effective date of that adjustment. 
3.2.2 
External Provider Event 
On any day w here the applicable Reference Entity Spread Method is the External Provider Method, upon the Issuer 
becoming aw are that the External Provider Spread is no longer available or it is illegal or impossible (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) for the Calculation Agent to use the External Provider Method, the Issuer w ill change the determination 
of the Reference Entity Spread to the Dealer Poll Method w ith immediate effect, and give notice of the same to the Calculation

--- Page 643 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
643 
 
Agent and, in accordance w ith Condition [12]/[12] of the General Terms and Conditions, to the Warrantholders as soon as 
reasonably practicable. 
3.2.3 
Credit Index Event 
If the Effective Credit Index Spread is no longer available or it is impossible (as determined by the Calculation Agent) for the 
Calculation Agent to use the Effective Credit Index Spread, the Issuer w ill replace the determination of the Effective Credit 
Index Spread by the w eighted average of the Reference Entity Spread for all Reference Entities in the relevant Reference 
Portfolio w ith immediate effect, and give notice of the same to the Calculation Agent and, in accordance w ith Condition 12 
(Notices), to the Warrantholders as soon as reasonably practicable.

--- Page 644 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Inflation Linked Warrants 
 
644 
 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INFLATION LINKED WARRANTS 
The provisions of these Additional Terms and Conditions for Inflation Linked Warrants apply if the applicable Final Terms specify that 
the clause "Type of Structured Warrants" is "Inflation Linked Warrants". 
References in these Additional Terms and Conditions for Inflation Linked Warrants to a "Condition" or "these Additional Terms and 
Conditions" shall be construed as a reference to the relevant conditions in these Additional Terms and Conditions for Inflation Linked 
Warrants unless otherw ise specified herein. 
1. 
DEFINITIONS 
Closing Price means the level of the Inflation Index for a Reference Period w hich is relevant to the calculation of a payment under 
the Warrants. 
Fallback Bond means a bond, if any, selected by the Calculation Agent and issued by the government of the country to w hose level 
of inflation the Inflation Index relates and w hich pays an interest or redemption amount w hich is calculated by reference to the Inflation 
Index, w ith a maturity date w hich falls on (a) the same day as the Expiration Date, (b) the next longest maturity after the Expiration 
Date, if there is no such bond maturing on the Expiration Date, or (c) the next shortest maturity before the Expiration Date, if no bond 
defined in (a) or (b) is selected by the Calculation Agent. If the Inflation Index relates to the level of inflation across the European 
Monetary Union, the Calculation Agent w ill select an inflation-linked bond that is a debt obligation of one of the governments (but not 
any government agency) of France, Italy, Germany or Spain and w hich pays an interest or redemption amount w hich is calculated by 
reference to the level of inflation in the European Monetary Union. In each case, the Calculation Agent w ill select the Fallback Bond 
from those inflation-linked bonds issued on or before the Issue Date and, if there is more than one inflation-linked bond maturing on 
the same date, the Fallback Bond shall be selected by the Calculation Agent from those bonds. If the Fallback Bond redeems the 
Calculation Agent w ill select a new  Fallback Bond on the same basis, but selected from all eligible bonds in issue at the time the 
original Fallback Bond redeems (including any bond for w hich the redeemed bond is exchanged). For the avoidance of doubt, if no 
bond defined in (a), (b) or (c) above is selected by the Calculation Agent, there w ill be no Fallback Bond. 
Hedge Positions means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance, by Societe Generale or any of its affiliates, of one or more 
(a) positions or contracts in securities, options, futures, derivatives, interest rate transactions or foreign exchange transactions, (b) 
securities lending/borrow ing transactions, (c) any cash deposits or cash borrow ing and/or (d) other instruments, arrangements , assets 
or liabilities how soever described in order to hedge, individually or on a portfolio basis, the part of Societe Generale or any of its 
affiliates’ obligations under the Warrants. 
Index Sponsor means the entity that publishes or announces (directly or through an agent) the level of the relevant Inflation Index 
on a regular basis. 
Inflation Index means any inflation index specified as Underlying in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment pursuant to 
the provisions of Condition 2.1 below . 
Payment Date means any date on w hich a payment is due and payable pursuant to the terms of the Warrants. 
Reference Period means the time period for w hich the level of the Inflation Index w as calculated and to w hich, as a result, such level 
of Inflation Index refers, regardless of w hen this level is published or announced. The time period may be, but is not limited to, a 
calendar year, a semester, a quarter or a month. 
Substitute Index Level means an index level, determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance w ith Condition 2.1(a) below . 
Successor Index has the meaning given to it in Condition 2.2 below .

--- Page 645 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Inflation Linked Warrants 
 
645 
 
2. 
ADJUSTMENTS AND EVENTS 
2.1 
Delay of Publication 
(a) 
If the Closing Price is not published or announced by the day that is five Business Days prior to the next follow ing Payment 
Date under the Warrants, the Calculation Agent w ill determine a Substitute Index Level (in place of such Closing Price) by 
using the follow ing methodology: 
(i) 
if applicable, the Calculation Agent shall take the same action to determine the Substitute Index Level for such 
Payment Date as that taken by the relevant calculation agent pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Fallback 
Bond; 
(ii) 
if (i) above does not result in a Substitute Index Level for such Payment Date for any reason, then the Calculation 
Agent shall determine the Substitute Index Level as follow s: 
Substitute Index Level = Base Level × (Latest Level / Reference  Level) 
Where: 
Base Level means the level of the Inflation Index (excluding any "flash" estimates) published or announced by the Index 
Sponsor in respect of the time period w hich is 12 calendar months prior to the time period for w hich the Substitute Index 
Level is being determined; 
Latest Level means the latest level of the Inflation Index (excluding any "flash" estimates) published or announced by the 
Index Sponsor prior to the time period in respect of w hich the Substitute Index Level is being calculated; and 
Reference Level means the level of the Inflation Index (excluding any "flash" estimates) published or announced by the 
Index Sponsor prior to the time period that is 12 calendar months prior to the time period referred to in "Latest Level" above. 
(b) 
If a Closing Price is published or announced at any time after the day that is five Business Days prior to the next follow ing 
Payment Date under the Warrants, such Closing Price w ill not be used in any calculations. The Substitute Index Level so 
determined pursuant to this paragraph (b) w ill be the definitive level for that Reference Period. 
If the Calculation Agent determines a Substitute Index Level in accordance w ith this Condition 2.1, the Calculation Agent may make 
any adjustment or adjustments (w ithout limitation) to (x) the Substitute Index Level determined in accordance w ith this Condition 2.1 
and/or (y) any amount payable under the Warrants and/or any other relevant term of the Warrants, in each case, as the Calculation 
Agent deems necessary. 
Provided however that: 
- all references to the w ord "five" in (a) and (b) above shall be deemed to be a reference to another time limit as determined by the 
Calculation Agent pursuant to rules applicable to the relevant Clearing System. 
For the purposes of this Condition 2.1, Clearing System means the clearing system through w hich the Warrants are cleared and 
settled, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
2.2 
Cessation of Publication 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the level of an Inflation Index is not calculated and announced by the Index Sponsor  for two 
consecutive months and/or the Index Sponsor announces that it w ill no longer continue to publish or announce the Inflation Index 
and/or the Index Sponsor cancels the Inflation Index, then the Calculation Agent shall determine a successor index (a Successor 
Index) (in lieu of any previously applicable Inflation Index) for the purposes of the Warrants as follow s: 
(i) 
if at any time, a successor index has been designated by the relevant calculation agent pursuant to the terms and conditions 
of the Fallback Bond, such successor index shall be designated a Successor Index for the purposes of all subsequent

--- Page 646 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Inflation Linked Warrants 
 
646 
 
Payment Dates in relation to the Warrants, notw ithstanding that any other Successor Index may previously have been 
determined under paragraphs (ii), (iii) or (iv) below ; 
(ii) 
if a Successor Index has not been determined under paragraph (i) above, and a notice has been given or an announcement 
has been made by the Index Sponsor, specifying that the Inflation Index w ill be superseded by a replacement index specified 
by the Index Sponsor, and the Calculation Agent determines that such replacement index is calculated using the same or 
substantially similar formula or method of calculation as used in the calculation of the previously applicable Inflation Index, 
such replacement index shall be the Inflation Index for purposes of the Warrants from the date that such replacement index 
comes into effect; 
(iii) 
if a Successor Index has not been determined under paragraphs (i) or (ii) above, the Calculation Agent shall ask five leading 
independent dealers to state w hat the replacement index for the Inflation Index should be. If at least four responses are 
received, and of those responses, three or more leading independent dealers state the same index, such index w ill be 
deemed the "Successor Index". If three responses are received, and tw o or more leading independent dealers state the 
same index, such index w ill be deemed the "Successor Index". If few er than three responses are received, the Calculation 
Agent w ill proceed to paragraph (iv) hereof; 
(iv) 
if no Successor Index has been determined under paragraphs (i), (ii) and (iii) above by the fifth Business Day prior to the 
next follow ing Payment Date under the Warrants, the Calculation Agent w ill determine an appropriate alternative index for 
such date, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, and such index w ill be deemed the "Successor 
Index"; 
Provided how ever that: 
 
all references to the w ord "fifth" above may be deemed to be a reference to another time limit as determined by the 
Calculation Agent pursuant to rules applicable to the relevant Clearing System; and 
(v) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that no alternative index is appropriate, the Calculation Agent shall: 
(i) 
consider such event as an event triggering an early termination of the Warrants (hereafter an Early Termination 
Event). Where an Early Termination Event occurs, the Issuer shall terminate its obligations under the Warrants and 
pay or deliver, as the case may be, as soon as possible after the occurrence of such event, (i) in case of Cash 
Settled Warrants, an amount equal to the Early Termination Settlement Amount on the basis of Market Value as 
defined in Condition [5.5]/[5.5] of the General Terms and Conditions of the Warrants or (ii) in the case of Physical 
Delivery Warrants, subject to payment of the Exercise Price divided, if applicable, by the Parity, the Early 
Termination Physical Delivery Amount determined in accordance w ith Condition [5.5]/[5.5] of the General Terms 
and Conditions; or 
(ii) 
apply Monetisation until the Expiration Date (as defined in Condition [5.8]/[5.8] of the General Terms and 
Conditions). 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Calculation Agent shall determine the date on w hich the Successor Index shall be deemed to replace 
the Inflation Index for the purposes of the Warrants. 
If a Successor Index is determined in accordance w ith this Condition 2.2, the Calculation Agent may make any adjustment or 
adjustments (w ithout limitation) to any amount payable under the Warrants and/or any other relevant term of the Warrants as the 
Calculation Agent deems necessary. 
2.3 
Rebasing of the Inflation Index 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the Inflation Index has been or w ill be rebased at any time, the Inflation Index as so rebased 
(the "Rebased Index") w ill be used for purposes of determining the Closing Price from the date of such rebasing; provided, how ever, 
that the Calculation Agent shall make such adjustments as are made by the calculation agent pursuant to the terms and conditions 
of the Fallback Bond, if any, to the level of the Rebased Index so that the Rebased Index levels reflect the same rate of inflation as 
the Inflation Index before it w as rebased. If there is no Fallback Bond, the Calculation Agent shall make adjustments to the levels of

--- Page 647 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Inflation Linked Warrants 
 
647 
 
the Rebased Index so that the Rebased Index levels reflect the same rate of inflation as the Inflation Index before it w as rebased. Any 
such rebasing shall not affect any prior payments made under the Warrants. 
2.4 
Material Modification Prior to Payment Date 
If, on or prior to the day that is five Business Days prior to the Expiration Date under the Warrants, the Index Sponsor announces that 
it w ill make a material change to the Inflation Index, then the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially  reasonable 
manner, shall make any such adjustments to the Inflation Index consistent w ith adjustments made to the Fallback Bond, or, if there is 
no Fallback Bond, only those adjustments necessary for the modified Inflation Index to continue as the Inflation Index. 
Provided however that: 
 
all references to the w ord "five" above may be deemed to be a reference to another time limit as determined by the 
Calculation Agent pursuant to rules applicable to the relevant Clearing System. 
2.5 
Manifest Error in Publication 
If, w ithin the earlier of (i) 30 days of publication, and (ii) the day that is five Business Days prior to the next follow ing Payment Date 
under the Warrants, the Calculation Agent determines that the Index Sponsor has corrected the level of the Inflation Index to remedy 
a manifest error in its original publication, the Calculation Agent may make any adjustment to any amount payable under the Warrants 
and/or any other relevant term of the Warrants as the Calculation Agent deems appropriate as a result of such correction and/or 
determine the amount (if any) that is payable as a result of that correction. 
Provided however that: 
 
all references to the w ord "five" above may be deemed to be a reference to another time limit as determined by the 
Calculation Agent pursuant to rules applicable to the relevant Clearing System. 
3. 
CHANGE 
IN LAW, HEDGING 
DISRUPTION, 
INCREASED 
COST OF HEDGING, 
HOLDING 
LIMIT EVENT AND 
CONSEQUENCES 
Change in Law, Hedging Disruption, Increased Cost of Hedging and Holding Limit Event have the meanings given to them in 
the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants. 
In case of the occurrence of a Change in Law , a Hedging Disruption, a Holding Limit Event or an Increased Cost of Hedging relating 
to an Inflation Index (the Affected Underlying), the Calculation Agent may apply the adjustments as specified in the Additional Terms 
and Conditions for Structured Warrants.

--- Page 648 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Bond Linked Warrants 
 
648 
 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR BOND LINKED WARRANTS 
The provisions of these Additional Terms and Conditions for Bond Linked Warrants apply if the applicable Final Terms specify that (i) 
the clause "Type of Structured Warrants" is "Bond Linked Warrants" and (ii) "Bond Linked Warrants Provisions" is "Applicable". 
References in these Additional Terms and Conditions for Bond Linked Warrants to a "Condition" or "these Additional Terms and 
Conditions" shall be construed as a reference to the relevant conditions in these Additional Terms and Conditions for Bond Linked 
Warrants unless otherw ise specified herein. 
Capitalised terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the General Terms and Conditions or in the 
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Secured Warrants, as the case may be. 
Capitalised terms used but not defined in Condition 1 below  shall have the meanings given to them in Condition 3 below , save to the 
extent it is completed in the applicable Final Terms. 
Capitalised terms used in the definition of "Bond Issuer ISDA Event" below  shall have the meanings given to them in Condition 3 
below . 
If any Bond is guaranteed, the applicable Final Terms w ill specify the “Bond Guarantor” in respect of such Bond and, as they apply 
to such Bond, any reference in these Additional Terms and Conditions for Bond Linked Warrants to “Bond Issuer” and “Bond” shall 
be replaced by, respectively, “Bond Issuer and/or Bond Guarantor” and “Bond and/or Bond Guarantee”, w here, for these purposes, 
Bond Guarantor means the entity specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (or its successor in accordance w ith the Bond  
Guarantee), and Bond Guarantee means the guarantee provided by the Bond Guarantor in respect of the obligations of the Bond 
Issuer under such Bond. 
If any Bond is a loan participation note, the applicable Final Terms w ill specify the “Underlying Borrower” in respect of such Bond 
and, as they apply to such Bond, any reference in these Additional Terms and Conditions for Bond Linked Warrants to “Bond Issuer” 
and “Bond” shall be replaced by, respectively, “Bond Issuer and/or Underlying Borrow er” and “Bond and/or Underlying Loan”, w here, 
for these purposes, Underlying Borrower means the entity specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (or its successor in 
accordance w ith the Underlying Loan), and Underlying Loan means the loan provided by the Bond Issuer to the Underlying Borrow er 
w ith the proceeds of issuance of such Bonds. 
1. 
BOND LINKED WARRANTS PROVISIONS 
1.1 
Settlement Method – Cash Settlement 
1.1.1 
If a Bond Event has occurred, as determined by the Calculation Agent, in the period from and including the First Bond Event 
Occurrence Date to and including the Last Bond Event Occurrence Date and a Bond Event Notice and, if specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, a Notice of Publicly Available Information, are delivered during the Notice Deliver y 
Period by or on behalf of the Issuer to the Warrantholders, then the Issuer w ill no longer be liable for the payment of the 
Cash Settlement Amount on the Settlement Date or, as the case may be, transfer of the Physical Delivery Amount to the 
Warrantholder on the Settlement Date, and w ill, in full and final satisfaction of its obligations hereunder in respect of the 
settlement of each Warrant, pay or procure payment of the Bond Event Amount (or a formula based on the Bond Event 
Amount, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) on the Settlement Date. The Bond Notional Amount of each Bond in 
respect of w hich a Bond Event Determination Date has occurred and the Bond Final Value of each Bond in respect of w hich 
a Bond Event Determination Date has occurred, the Bond Event Amount and the Bond Event Date shall be notified to the 
Warrantholders in the Bond Final Valuation Notice on the Bond Final Valuation Notice Receipt Date. 
1.2 
Partial Expiration and further issues 
Follow ing any partial expiration of the Warrants (pursuant to Condition [5]/[5] of the General Terms and Conditions) or any 
further issue (pursuant to Condition [13]/[13] of the General Terms and Conditions), each of the follow ing amounts w ill be 
multiplied by the ratio of (i) the number of Warrants outstanding after such partial expiration or further issue divided by (ii) 
the number of Warrants outstanding just before such partial expiration or further issue: 
(a) 
for Single Bond Linked Warrants, the Aggregate Warrant Notional Amount;

--- Page 649 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Bond Linked Warrants 
 
649 
 
(b) 
for Basket Bond Linked Warrants, (i) the Aggregate Warrant Notional Amount, (ii) the Reference Portfolio Notional 
Amount and (iii) the Aggregate Loss Amount. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any other amount calculation of w hich depends on the above amounts w ill be re-calculated 
accordingly. 
1.3 
Hedging Disruption – Increased Cost of Hedging – Change in Law  – Merger of a Bond Issuer and Societe Generale 
or any of its Affiliates – Holding Limit Event – Consequences – Monetisation until the Expiration Date 
1.3.1 
Hedging Disruption and Increased Cost of Hedging 
Hedging Disruption and Increased Cost of Hedging have the meanings given to them in the Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Structured Warrants. 
1.3.2 
Change in Law  
Change in Law  has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants. 
1.3.3 
Merger of a Bond Issuer and Societe Generale or any of its Affiliates  
Merger of a Bond Issuer and Societe Generale or any of its Affiliates  means, in respect of Single Bond Linked Warrants 
or Basket Bond Linked Warrants, that (i) Societe Generale or any of its Affiliates consolidates or amalgamates w ith, or 
merges into, or transfers all or substantially all its assets to, a Bond Issuer or (ii) a Bond Issuer consolidates or amalgamates 
w ith, or merges into, or transfers all or substantially all its assets to Societe Generale or any of its Affiliates, or (iii) Societe 
Generale or any of its Affiliates and a Bond Issuer become Affiliates. 
1.3.4 
Holding Limit Event 
Holding Limit Event means that Societe Generale and any of its affiliates, in aggregate hold, an interest in any one restricted 
Bond or issuance of Bonds, constituting or likely to constitute (directly or indirectly) ow nership, control or the pow er to v ote 
25% or more of any class of voting securities, of the issuer of such Bond as determined by Societe Generale. A “restricted 
Bond” for the purpose of this definition, means those assets subject to internal monitoring by Societe Generale for purposes 
of its compliance w ith restrictions imposed by the Volcker Rule. As used herein, the “Volcker Rule” means the amendments 
to the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 made by Section 619 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer 
Protection Act, including any requests, regulations, rules, guidelines or directives made by the relevant governmental 
authority under, or issued by the relevant governmental authority in connection w ith, such rule. 
1.3.5 
Consequences 
Upon the occurrence of an Exceptional Event Date (as defined below ), the Calculation A gent may decide to either: 
(A) 
designate such event as an event triggering an early termination of the Warrants (hereafter, an Early Termination 
Event). In the case w here an Early Termination Event occurs, the Issuer shall terminate its obligations under the 
Warrants and pay or deliver, as the case may be, (x) in the case of Cash Settled Warrants, an amount equal to the 
Early Termination Settlement Amount on the basis of Market Value as defined in Condition [5.5]/[5.5] of the General 
Terms and Conditions or, (y) in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants, subject to payment of the Exercise Price 
divided, if applicable, by the Parity, the Early Termination Physical Delivery Amount determined in accordance w ith 
Condition [5.5]/[5.5] of the General Terms and Conditions; or 
(B) 
if the relevant Exceptional Event (as defined below ) is related to one or several affected Bonds or issuance of Bonds 
as applicable, (the Affected Bond(s)), replace the Affected Bond(s) by a new  bond (or new  bonds, as relevant) 
w hich is (respectively are each) a Similar Bond; or 
(C) 
apply the Monetisation until the Expiration Date; 
or, only in the case of Increased Cost of Hedging

--- Page 650 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Bond Linked Warrants 
 
650 
 
(D) 
in the case of Cash Settled Warrants, deduct (a) from the Optional Early Settlement Amount, Event-linked Early 
Settlement Amount, Early Trigger Level Settlement Amount or the Early Termination Settlement Amount (if any) 
due under the Warrants, as the case may be, on the payment date of the Optional Early Settlement Amount, 
Event-linked Early Settlement Amount, Early Trigger Level Settlement Amount or Early Termination Settlement 
Amount (if any) and (b) in the absence of any Optional Early Settlement Amount, Event-linked Early Settlement 
Amount, Early Trigger Level Settlement Amount or Early Termination Settlement Amount in respect of the Warrants, 
from the Cash Settlement Amount due on the Settlement Date, in each case after the occurrence of the Increased 
Cost of Hedging, the amount of any new , or any increase of, any tax, duty, expense or fee, that triggered the 
occurrence of the Increased Cost of Hedging incurred by Societe Generale or any of its Affiliates in relation to the 
Hedge Positions hedging the payment obligations of the Issuer under the Warrants, such amount to be apportioned 
pro rata amongst the outstanding Warrants (such reduction being the Reduction Amount and the result of such 
deduction being floored at zero); or 
(E) 
in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants, the Issuer shall no longer be liable for delivery of (1) the Physical Delivery 
Amount related to the Optional Early Settlement Date or Event-linked Early Settlement Date or Early Termination 
Physical Delivery Amount or Early Trigger Level Physical Delivery Amount on the delivery date thereof and/or (2) 
the Physical Delivery Amount as defined in the applicable Final Terms on the Settlement Date, but instead w ill, in 
full and final satisfaction of its obligations, and subject to payment of the Exercise Price divided, if applicable, by 
the Parity, deliver Deliverable Assets in an amount equal to the sum of (i) the Physical Delivery Amount, Early 
Termination Physical Delivery Amount or Early Trigger Level Physical Delivery Amount, as the case may be, less 
the Reduction Amount (subject to a floor of zero) and (ii) the Exercise Price divided, if applicable, by the Parity. 
Follow ing the occurrence of an Exceptional Event Date, the Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer, w hich shall in its turn 
notify the Warrantholders pursuant to the provisions of Condition [12]/[12] of the General Terms and Conditions of the 
relevant adjustment made or decision taken by the Calculation Agent. Details of any adjustment made or decision taken may 
be obtained by the Warrantholders upon request at the Calculation Agent's specified address. 
Definitions applicable to this Condition: 
Exceptional Event means, as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith, the occurrence during the period 
from and including the Issue Date to and including the Last Exceptional Event Occurrence Date of one or more of Hedging 
Disruption, an Increased Cost of Hedging, a Change in Law , Merger of a Bond Issuer and Societe Generale or any of its 
Affiliates or a Holding Limit Event. 
Exceptional Event Date means in respect of an Exceptional Event, the date, from and including the Issue Date to and 
including the Last Exceptional Event Occurrence Date, on w hich the Calculation Agent determines in good faith that an 
Exceptional Event has occurred. An Exceptional Event Date may not occur after a Bond Event Determination Date. 
Last Exceptional Event Occurrence Date means the fourth (4th) Business Day (or in respect of Uncertificated Sw edish 
Warrants or Uncertificated Finnish Warrants, the tw elfth Business Day) immediately preceding the Settlement Date. 
Similar Bond means a bond w ith an equivalent residual maturity, and (i) an equivalent Rating if available (as defined below ) 
or (ii) an equivalent credit risk (if no Rating is available) and to the extent possible as secondary criteria, geographic and 
industry proximity. For the purposes of this definition Rating means the senior unsecured debt rating assigned by the three 
rating agencies Moody’s France S.A.S., S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited and Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited or any of 
them, it being understood that if the ratings assigned in respect of an entity are not equivalent, only the highest one(s) w ill 
be taken into consideration. 
2. 
DEFINITIONS 
Affiliate means, in relation to any person, any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, by the person, any entity that controls, 
directly or indirectly, the person or any entity directly or indirectly under common control w ith the person. For this purpos e, 
control of any entity or person means ow nership of a majority of the voting pow er of the entity or person conc erned. 
Aggregate Loss Amount means, in respect of Basket Bond Linked Warrants, the aggregate of the Loss Amounts in respect 
of the Bond(s) in respect of w hich a Bond Event Determination Date has occurred.

--- Page 651 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Bond Linked Warrants 
 
651 
 
Aggregate Warrant Notional Amount means, as of the Issue Date, in respect of an Issue of Warrants, the product of the 
Notional Amount per Warrant multiplied by the number of Warrants in respect of such Issue of Warrants. 
American Settlement means, in respect of Bond Linked Warrants that the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause 
"Settlement Type" is "American Settlement". 
Auction Period means, the number of days as specified in the applicable Final Terms (each being a Quotation Day) 
immediately follow ing and excluding the Third Quotation Day as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Basket Bond Linked Warrant means, a Bond Linked Warrant indexed on several Bonds for w hich the applicable Final 
Terms specify that the clause "Type of Bond Linked Warrants" is "Basket Bond Linked Warrants". 
Bond means each Bond specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Bond Acceleration means, in respect of a Bond, a Bond has become due and payable before it w ould otherw ise have been 
due and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a default, event of default, early redemption or other 
similar condition or event (how ever described in the terms and conditions governing such Bond as of the First Bond Event 
Occurrence Date). 
Bond Change in Law Event means, as of the First Bond Event Occurrence Date (i) the adoption of any change in any 
applicable law  or regulation (including w ithout limitation, any law  or regulation in respect of tax, solvency or capital 
requirements) or (ii) the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority w ith 
competent jurisdiction of any applicable law  or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority or brought in a 
court of competent jurisdiction). 
Bond Currency means, the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms being the currency in w hich the Bond 
is denominated. 
Bond Default means, in respect of a Bond, a Bond has become capable of being declared due and payable before it w ould 
otherw ise have been due and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a default, event of default, or other 
similar condition or event (how ever described in the terms and conditions governing such Bond as of the First Bond Event 
Occurrence Date), notw ithstanding any grace period set forth in the terms and conditions governing such Bond. 
Bond Early Redemption means, in respect of a Bond (i) an early repayment at par of the Bond other than in accordance 
w ith its terms and conditions, (ii) an early redemption of the Bond for tax reasons in accordance w ith its terms and conditions, 
(iii) an early redemption of the Bond at, below  or above par in accordance w ith its terms and conditions or (iv) any other early 
redemption and/or early repayment of the Bond in accordance w ith its terms and conditions, including, w ithout limitation, any 
partial or total call of the Bonds by the Bond Issuer. 
Bond Event means, in respect of a Bond, as determined by the Calculation Agent and described in the Bond Event Notice, 
the occurrence during the period from and including the First Bond Event Occurrence Date to and including the Last Bond 
Event Occurrence Date of one or more of Bond Acceleration, Bond Default, Bond Early Redemption, Bond Failure to Pay, 
Bond Governmental Intervention, Bond Issuer ISDA Event or Bond Restructuring, including if such Bond Event is the result 
of a Bond Change in Law  Event, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If an occurrence w ould otherw ise constitute a Bond Event, such occurrence w ill constitute a Bond Event w hether or not such 
occurrence arises directly or indirectly from, or is subject to a defence based upon: 
(a) 
any lack or alleged lack of authority or capacity of a Bond Issuer to enter into any Bond; 
(b) 
any actual or alleged unenforceability, illegality, impossibility or invalidity w ith respect to any Bond; 
(c) 
any applicable law , order, regulation, decree or notice, how ever described, or the promulgation of, or any change 
in, the interpretation by any court, tribunal, regulatory authority or similar administrative or judicial body w ith 
competent or apparent jurisdiction of any applicable law , order, regulation, decree or notice, how ever described; or

--- Page 652 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Bond Linked Warrants 
 
652 
 
(d) 
the imposition of, or any change in, any exchange controls, capital restrictions or any other similar restrictions 
imposed by any monetary or other authority, how ever described. 
A Bond Event need not be continuing on the Bond Event Determination Date. 
Bond Event Amount means, the maximum of zero and: 
(a) 
In respect of Single Bond Linked Warrants w here the Bond Currency is the same as the Settlement Currency of  the 
Warrants, an amount equal for each Warrant to the sum of (i) the product of the Bond Final Value and the Notional 
Amount per Warrant and (ii) the product of the Relevant Proportion and the Breakage Cost Amount of the Bond (in 
the case of (ii) w hich may be a negative amount) if this option is specified as Applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms or zero if this option is specified as "Not applicable" in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(b) 
In respect of Single Bond Linked Warrants w here the Bond Currency is different from the Settlement Currency of 
the Warrants an amount equal for each Warrant to the sum of (i) the product of the Bond Final Value and the 
Relevant Proportion of the Bond Notional Amount (expressed in the Settlement Currency of the Warrants using the 
Relevant Spot Exchange Rate on or around the Bond Final Value Determination Date) and (ii) the product of the 
Relevant Proportion and the Breakage Cost Amount of the Bond (in the case of (ii) w hich may be a negative amount) 
if this option is specified as “Applicable” in the applicable Final Terms or zero if this option is specified as “Not 
Applicable” in the applicable Final Terms. 
(c) 
In respect of Basket Bond Linked Warrants, an amount equal for each Warrant to the sum of (i) the product of the 
Relevant Proportion and the difference betw een the Aggregate Warrant Notional Amount and the Aggregate Loss 
Amount as at the Expiration Date and (ii) the product of the Relevant Proportion and the aggregate Breakage Cost 
Amount of each of the relevant Bonds if this option is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms or zero 
if this option is specified as "Not applicable" in the applicable Final Terms. 
Bond Event Date means, a date that is a Payment Business Day: 
(a) 
If American Settlement is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
The day that is four Payment Business Days (or in respect of Uncertificated Sw edish Warrants, Uncertificated 
Norw egian Warrants or Uncertificated Finnish Warrants, tw elve Payment Business Days) follow ing the Bond Final 
Valuation Notice Receipt Date. 
(b) 
If European Settlement is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
The later of (a) the Expiration Date and (b) the day that is four Payment Business Days (or in respect of Uncertificated 
Sw edish Warrants, Uncertificated Norw egian Warrants or Uncertificated Finnish Warrants, tw elve Payment Business Days) 
follow ing the Bond Final Valuation Notice Receipt Date, or in the case of Basket Bond Linked Warrants, follow ing the last 
Bond Final Valuation Notice Receipt Date. 
Bond Event Determination Date means, in respect of a Bond Event, the day during the Notice Delivery Period on w hich a 
Bond Event Notice is delivered to the relevant Clearing System for the information of the Warrantholders. 
Bond Event Notice means, an irrevocable notice (including Succession Event Information, if any) that is effective during 
the Notice Delivery Period delivered by or on behalf of the Issuer to the Warrantholders that describes a Bond Event that 
occurred on or prior to the Last Bond Event Occurrence Date. A Bond Event Notice must contain a description in reasonable 
detail of the facts relevant to the determination that a Bond Event has occurred (subject to the description therein being 
limited by any confidentiality restrictions, applicable law s, rules or regulations binding on the Issuer and/or the Calculation 
Agent). The Bond Event that is the subject of a Bond Event Notice need not be continuing on the Bond Event Determination 
Date. If a Bond Event Notice contains Publicly Available Information, such Bond Event Notice w ill also be deemed to be a 
Notice of Publicly Available Information. 
Bond Failure to Pay means, in respect of a Bond, the failure by a Bond Issuer to make, w hen and w here due, any payment 
under a Bond, provided that such failure is not remedied on or before the third Business Day (included) immediately follow ing

--- Page 653 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Bond Linked Warrants 
 
653 
 
the relevant scheduled payment date, notw ithstanding any grace period set forth in the terms and conditions governing such 
Bond at the time of such failure. 
Bond Final Price means, in respect of a Bond, a quotation (expressed as a percentage of the Bond Notional Amount) 
obtained from Quotation Dealers in the manner provided below . The Calculation Agent w ill determine, based on the then 
current market practice, w hether such quotations w ill include or exclude accrued but unpaid interest and all quotations w ill 
be obtained in accordance w ith this determination. The Calculation Agent w ill determine the Bond Final Price from the Full 
Quotations, the Weighted Average Quotation, the Partial Weighted Average Quotation or the Residual Quotation Amount 
(each as defined below ). For the avoidance of doubt, the Bond Final Price, as determined by the Calculation Agent, is based 
on obtained Quotations, w ithout any obligation by the Calculation Agent to actually realise any sale transaction in relation to 
such Quotations. 
The Calculation Agent w ill require each Quotation Dealer to provide quotations to the extent reasonably practicable on the 
relevant day at approximately 11.00 a.m. London time or 11.00 a.m. New  York time or 11.00 a.m. in any other leading market 
w here the liquidity of such Bond may be better, as determined by the Calculation Agent, as the case may be. The Calculation 
Agent, may on the First Quotation Day and if applicable, on the Second Quotation Day, acting in a commercially reasonable 
manner, determine w hether to request (i) at least one Full Quotation and/or (ii) several firm bid quotations from Quotation 
Dealers in order to establish a Weighted Average Quotation. 
To such end: 
(a) 
if the Calculation Agent obtains at least one Full Quotation and/or one Weighted Average Quotation on the First 
Quotation Day, the Bond Final Price w ill be the highest Quotation of the Full Quotation(s) or Weighted Average 
Quotation(s) obtained (if any) by the Calculation Agent; 
(b) 
if the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain at least one Full Quotation or to determine a Weighted Average Quotation 
on the First Quotation Day, the Calculation Agent w ill attempt to obtain at least one Full Quotation and/or one 
Weighted Average Quotation on the Second Quotation Day, and the Bond Final Price w ill be the highest Quotation 
of the Full Quotation(s) or Weighted Average Quotation(s) obtained (if any) by the Calculation Agent; 
(c) 
if the Calculation Agent obtains quotations for an aggregate amount low er than the Quotation Amount on the Second 
Quotation Day, then on the Third Quotation Day, it w ill attempt to obtain several firm bid quotations from Quotation 
Dealers in order to establish a Partial Weighted Average Quotation in respect of an amount equal to the Residual 
Quotation Amount. If the Calculation Agent is unable to establish on the Third Quotation Day a Partial Weighted 
Average Quotation in respect of an amount equal to the Residual Quotation Amount, it w ill, until obtaining a Parti al 
Weighted Average Quotation in respect of an amount equal to the Residual Quotation Amount, on each Quotation 
Day during the Auction Period, attempt to obtain several firm bid quotations from Quotation Dealers in order to 
establish a Partial Weighted Average Quotation in respect of an amount equal to the Residual Quotation Amount.  
For the avoidance of doubt, once a Partial Weighted Average Quotation is obtained on either the Third Quotation 
Day or on any Quotation Day in the Auction Period there w ill be no obligation on the Calculation Agent to seek a 
further Partial Weighted Average Quotation. The Bond Final Price w ill then be the w eighted average of (i) the firm 
bid quotations obtained on the Second Quotation Day (if any) and (ii) the Partial Weighted Average Quotation (if 
any) for the portion equal to the Residual Quotation Amount and (iii) the value determined by the Calculation Agent 
acting in a commercially reasonable manner and for the avoidance of doubt this value can be zero for any remaining 
amount for w hich no quotation w as obtained. 
Bond Final Price Accrued Interest means, in respect of a Quotation: 
(a) 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Bond Final Price Accrued Interest" is "Excluding Accrued 
Interest": 
Taking into account w hether Quotations obtained by the Calculation Agent include or exclude accrued but unpaid 
interest, the Bond Final Price w ill be determined by the Calculation Agent as being the equivalent price to the Bond 
Final Price otherw ise calculated so that it is a 'clean" price, excluding accrued but unpaid interest.

--- Page 654 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Bond Linked Warrants 
 
654 
 
(b) 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Bond Final Price Accrued Interest" is "Including Accrued 
Interest": 
Taking into account w hether Quotations obtained by the Calculation Agent include or exclude accrued but unpaid interest, 
the Bond Final Price w ill be determined by the Calculation Agent as being the equivalent price to the Bond Final Price 
otherw ise calculated so that it is a "dirty" or "all in" price, including accrued but unpaid interest. 
Bond Final Valuation Notice means, the notice delivered on the Bond Final Valuation Notice Receipt Date, specifying: 
(i) 
The Bond Notional Amount of each Bond in respect of w hich a Bond Event Determination Date has occurred and 
the Bond Final Value of each Bond in respect of w hich a Bond Event Determination Date has occurred each as of 
the Bond Final Value Determination Date; 
(ii) 
the Bond Event Amount; and 
(iii) 
the Bond Event Date. 
Bond Final Valuation Notice Receipt Date means, the day (such day being expected to be no later than the 10th Business 
Day follow ing the Bond Final Value Determination Date) on w hich the Calculation Agent delivers the Bond Final Valuation 
Notice on behalf of the Issuer to the relevant Clearing Systems, for the information of the Warrantholders. 
Bond Final Value means, in respect of a Bond in respect of w hich a Bond Event Determination Date has occurred, either: 
(a) 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Bond Final Value" is stated as being "Fixed Recovery": 
The percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(b) 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Bond Final Value" is stated as being "Floating Recovery": 
The percentage determined by the Calculation Agent as follow s: 
(i) 
the Bond Final Price; 
(ii) 
plus, if any, any partial or total repayment in cash of the Bond w hich w ould have been paid to the holders 
of the Bond under the Bond as of the Bond Final Value Determination Date as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, expressed as a percentage of the Bond Notional Amount; 
(iii) 
plus, if any, the price (expressed as a percentage of the Bond Notional Amount), calculated using a method 
similar to that used to determine the Bond Final Price, of any securities w hich w ould have been delivered 
to the holders of the Bond under the Bond as of the Bond Final Value Determination Date as determined 
by the Calculation Agent; 
(iv) 
minus the Valuation Hedging Cost; 
(v) 
minus any amount due and payable under the Bond in accordance w ith the terms and conditions of the 
Bond as in force and effect as of the Issue Date (expressed as a percentage of the Bond Notional Amount) 
w hich is still unpaid at the Bond Final Value Determination Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
The Bond Final Value is subject to a minimum of zero per cent and to a maximum of 100 per cent of the Bond Notional 
Amount unless otherw ise specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Bond Final Value Determination Date means: 
(a) 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Bond Final Value" is stated as being "Fixed Recovery":

--- Page 655 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Bond Linked Warrants 
 
655 
 
The date on w hich the Bond Event Notice is delivered to the relevant Clearing System for the information of the 
Warrantholders. 
(b) 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Bond Final Value" is stated as being "Floating Recovery": 
The date on w hich the Bond Final Price is calculated by the Calculation Agent. 
Bond Governmental Intervention means, w ith respect to one or more Bonds that any one or more of the follow ing events 
occurs as a result of action taken or an announcement made, by a Governmental Authority pursuant to, or by means of, a 
restructuring and resolution law  or regulation (or any other similar law  or regulation), in each case, applicable to the Bond  
Issuer in a form w hich is binding, irrespective of w hether such event is expressly provided for under the terms of the Bond: 
(i) 
any event w hich w ould affect creditors' rights so as to cause: 
(A) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled interest accruals (including 
by w ay of redenomination); 
(B) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption (including by w ay of 
redenomination); 
(C) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (i) the payment or accrual of interest or (ii) 
the payment of principal or premium; or 
(D) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any obligation under the Bond, causing the Subordination 
of such obligation to any other obligation of the Bond Issuer; 
(ii) 
an expropriation, transfer or other event w hich mandatorily changes the beneficial holder of the Bond; 
(iii) 
a mandatory cancellation, conversion or exchange; or 
(iv) 
any event w hich has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in paragraphs (i) to (iii) of this definition. 
Bond Issuer ISDA Event means that there is a public announcement by ISDA of the occurrence of a Credit Event (as 
defined in Condition 3) in relation to the Bond Issuer. 
Bond Issuer means, in respect of Single Bond Linked Warrants, the Bond Issuer (or its Successor) or, in respect of Basket 
Bond Linked Warrants, each Bond Issuer (or its Successor) comprised in the Reference Portfolio, specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
In the case of a Single Bond Linked Warrant or in the case of a Basket Bond Linked Warrants w here any Bond Issuer 
represents 20% or more of all Bond Issuers in the Reference Portfolio, then, the Bond Issuer shall have its securities already 
admitted to trading on a regulated market, equivalent third country market or SME Grow th Market. 
Bond Linked Warrant means, a Warrant in respect of w hich (i) the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Bond 
Linked Warrants Provisions" is "Applicable" and (ii) these Additional Terms and Conditions apply. 
Bond Notional Amount means, (a) in respect of Single Bond Linked Warrants, on the Issue Date the amount as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms and thereafter as such amount is adjusted pro rata the outstanding Aggregate Warrant Notional 
Amount of the Warrants or (b) in respect of Basket Bond Linked Warrants, on the Issue Date, in respect of each Bond, the 
amount as specified in the applicable Final Terms (being in respect of each Bond the product of the Bond Weighting and the 
Reference Portfolio Notional Amount) and thereafter as such amount is adjusted pro rata the outstanding Aggregate Warrant 
Notional Amount of the Warrants. 
Bond Restructuring means that:

--- Page 656 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Bond Linked Warrants 
 
656 
 
(a) 
w ith respect to each Bond, any one or more of the follow ing events occurs in a form that binds any holders of such 
Bond (including, in each case, by w ay of an exchange), w hether or not such event is expressly provided for or not 
under the terms of such Bond in effect as of the later of the First Bond Event Occurrence Date and the date as of 
w hich such Bond is issued or incurred: 
(i) 
any amount to be received by any holder of the Bond under the Bond w ould be reduced or paid in or 
exchanged into another form due to any Bond Change in Law  Event; 
(ii) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled interest accruals initially 
provided for; 
(iii) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at maturity or at scheduled redemption dates 
initially provided for; 
(iv) 
a postponement, suspension or other deferral of a date or dates for either (A) the payment or accrual of 
interest or (B) the payment of principal or premium; 
(v) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any obligation under the Bond, causing the Subordination 
of such obligation to any other obligation of the Bond Issuer; 
(vi) 
any change in the currency or composition of any payment of interest or principal to any other currency; 
or 
(vii) 
any variation of the terms of the Bond. 
(b) 
Notw ithstanding the provisions of (a) above, the follow ing w ill not constitute a Bond Restructuring: the payment in 
euro of interest or principal in relation to a Bond denominated in a currency of a Member State of the European 
Union that adopts or has adopted the single currency in accordance w ith the Treaty establishing the European 
Community, as amended by the Treaty on European Union. 
Bond Weighting means, the proportion specified as such for each Bond in the applicable Final Terms. 
Breakage Cost Amount means, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent, expressed in the Settlement Currency of 
the Warrants using the Relevant Spot Exchange Rate on the relevant calculation date(s) as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, equal to the fees, costs and expenses arising directly or indirectly, in connection w ith (i) terminating, unw inding, 
realizing or enforcing any repurchase transaction (if any) w ith the Bond as underlying asset, the purpose of w hich is to 
refinance the relevant Bond and (ii) entering into, trading or increasing any repurchase transaction (or any transaction w ith 
similar purposes) w ith the Collateral Assets (if any) as underlying asset, the purpose of w hich is to refinance the Collateral 
Assets (if any). For the avoidance of doubt, the Breakage Cost Amount may be a positive amount (if to be received by 
Societe Generale or any of its Affiliates) or a negative amount (if to be paid by Societe Generale or any of its Affiliates). 
Business Days means the days specified in the applicable Final Terms. For the avoidance of doubt, it means, in respect of 
any city, any day on w hich commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in that city. 
European Settlement means, in respect of Bond Linked Warrants that the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause 
"Settlement Type" is stated as being "European Settlement". 
Excluding Accrued Interest means, that the Bond Final Price Accrued Interest w ill be calculated according to paragraph 
(a) of the definition of Bond Final Price Accrued Interest. 
Expiration Date means, a day that is a Payment Business Day: 
(a) 
If American Settlement is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; or

--- Page 657 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Bond Linked Warrants 
 
657 
 
(ii) 
the Bond Event Date if a Bond Event Notice is delivered during the Notice Delivery Period; or 
(b) 
If European Settlement is specified in the applicable Final Terms: the later of the dates set out in paragraphs (a)(i), 
and (ii) above. 
Extension Date means, the fourth Business Day (or in respect of Uncertificated Sw edish Warrants, Uncertificated 
Norw egian Warrants or Uncertificated Finnish Warrants, the tw elfth Business Day) follow ing the Last Bond Event Occurrence 
Date. 
First Bond Event Occurrence Date means, the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
First Quotation Day means, the first day the Calculation Agent attempts to obtain Full Quotations (such day falling no later 
than 20 Business Days or the number of Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms after the Bond Event 
Determination Date). 
Fixed Recovery means, in respect of Bond Linked Warrants that the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Bond 
Final Value" is "Fixed Recovery: [●] per cent.". 
Floating Recovery means, in respect of Bond Linked Warrants, that the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause 
"Bond Final Value" is "Floating Recovery". 
Full Quotation means, each firm bid quotation obtained from a Quotation Dealer for an amount equal to the Quotation 
Amount. 
Governmental Authority means: 
(i) 
any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, instrumentality, ministry or department thereof); 
(ii) 
any court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental, inter-governmental or supranational body; 
(iii) 
any authority or any other entity (private or public) either designated as a resolution authority or charged w ith the 
regulation or supervision of the financial markets (including a central bank) of the Bond Issuer or some or all of its 
obligations; or 
(iv) 
any other authority w hich is analogous to any of the entities specified in paragraphs (i) to (iii) above. 
Hedge Positions means as defined in Condition [5.8.3]/[5.8.3] of the General Terms and Conditions of the Warrants, 
provided that for the purposes of these Additional Terms and Conditions, Hedge Positions w ill be deemed to include the 
Optional Hedge Positions (if any). 
Including Accrued Interest means, that the Bond Final Price Accrued Interest w ill be calculated according to paragraph (b) 
of the definition of Bond Final Price Accrued Interest. 
Last Bond Event Occurrence Date means, the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if not specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, the fourth (4th) Business Day (or in respect of Uncertificated Sw edish Warrants, Uncertificated 
Norw egian Warrants or Uncertificated Finnish Warrants, the tw elfth Business Day) immediately preceding the Expiration 
Date. 
Loss Amount means, in respect of Basket Bond Linked Warrants, in respect of a Bond in respect of w hich a Bond Event 
Determination Date has occurred, an amount in the Settlement Currency equal to the product of (i) the Bond Notional Amount 
and (ii) the difference betw een the Reference Price in respect of each Bond, and the Bond Final Value, subject to a minimu m 
of zero. 
Notice Delivery Period means, the period from and including the Issue Date to and including the Extension Date.

--- Page 658 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Bond Linked Warrants 
 
658 
 
Notice of Publicly Available Information means, in relation to a Bond Event Notice, an irrevocable notice delivered by or 
on behalf of the Issuer that cites Publicly Available Information confirming the occurrence of the Bond Event, described in 
the Bond Event Notice. The notice given must contain a copy, or a description in reasonable detail, of the relevant Publicly 
Available Information. If a Bond Event Notice contains Publicly Available Information, such Bond Event Notice w ill also be 
deemed to be a Notice of Publicly Available Information. 
Partial Weighted Average Quotation means, as determined by the Calculation Agent, in respect of the Third Quotation 
Day and, if relevant, the Auction Period, the w eighted average of the firm bid quotation(s) requested by the Calculation Agent 
for the Residual Quotation Amount and obtained from the Quotation Dealers on the Third Quotation Day and, if relevant, 
during the Auction Period, to the extent reasonably practicable, each for an amount as large a size as available, that in 
aggregate are equal to or greater than the Residual Quotation Amount. PROVIDED THAT if the aggregate of such quotations 
is greater than the Residual Quotation Amount, the Calculation Agent shall reduce pro rata the notional amount of each firm 
bid quotation so that the aggregate of the firm bid quotations shall be equal to the Residual Quotation Amount. 
Publicly Available Information means, information that reasonably confirms any of the facts relevant to the determination 
that the Bond Event as applicable, described in the Bond Event Notice, has occurred and w hich: 
(a) 
has been published in or on not less than the Specified Number of Public Sources, (regardless of w hether the 
reader or user thereof pays a fee to obtain such information); or 
(b) 
is information received from or published by: 
(i) 
a Bond Issuer (or if the Bond Issuer is a Sovereign, any agency, instrumentality, ministry, department or 
other authority thereof acting in a governmental capacity (including, w ithout limiting the foregoing, the 
central bank of such Sovereign); or 
(ii) 
a trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, clearing agent, paying agent, facility agent or agent bank for 
a Bond, or 
(c) 
is information contained in any order, decree, notice, petition or filing, how ever described, of or filed w ith a court, 
tribunal, exchange, regulatory authority or similar administrative, regulatory or judicial body; or 
(d) 
is information contained in a public announcement by ISDA. 
PROVIDED THAT w here any information of the type described in paragraph (b) or (c) of this definition is not publicly 
available, it can only constitute Publicly Available Information if it can be made public w ithout violating any law , agreemen t, 
understanding or other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such information. 
In relation to any information of the type described in paragraphs (b) and (c) of this definition, the party receiving such 
information may assume that such information has been disclosed to it w ithout violating any law , agreement, unders tanding 
or other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such information and that the party delivering such information has not  
taken any action or entered into any agreement or understanding w ith the Bond Issuer or any Affiliate of the Bond Issuer that 
w ould be breached by, or w ould prevent, the disclosure of such information to the party receiving such information. 
Without limitation, Publicly Available Information need not state that such occurrence (a) is the result of exceeding any 
applicable grace period, or (b) has met any subjective criteria specified in a Bond Event. 
Public Source means, each source of Publicly Available Information specified in the applicable Final Terms (or if no such 
source is specified, each of Bloomberg, Reuters, Dow  Jones, New sw ires, The Wall Street Journal, The New  York Times, 
Nihon Keizai Shimbun, Asahi Shimbun, Yomiuri Shimbun, Financial Times, La Tribune, Les Echos, The Australian Financial 
Review  and Debtw ire (and successor publications), as w ell as the main source(s) of business new s in the country in w hich 
the Bond Issuer is organised and any other internationally recognised published or electronically displayed new s sources). 
Quotation means, a Full Quotation, a Weighted Average Quotation or a Partial Weighted Average Quotation, as the case 
may be.

--- Page 659 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Bond Linked Warrants 
 
659 
 
Quotation Amount means, an amount equal to the Aggregate Warrant Notional Amount, in respect of Single Bond Linked 
Warrants (for the avoidance of doubt, in accordance w ith the provisions of the Weighted Average Quotation, such Quotation 
Amount may be greater than the Bond Notional Amount or Aggregate Warrant Notional Amount); otherw ise (in respect of 
Basket Bond Linked Warrants), the Quotation Amount shall be a w eighted amount in respect of each Bond, the sum of all 
such Quotation Amounts being equal to the Aggregate Warrant Notional Amount (for the avoidance of doubt, in accordance 
w ith the provisions of the Weighted Average Quotation, such Quotation Amount may be greater than the Bond Notional 
Amount). 
Quotation Dealers means, at least three leading dealers in bonds of the type of the Bond for w hich Quotations are to be 
obtained, w hich may include Societe Generale, as selected by the Calculation Agent acting in a commercially reasonable 
manner. 
Reference Portfolio means, in respect of Basket Bond Linked Warrants, a portfolio comprising all the Bonds. 
Reference Portfolio Notional Amount means, the amount of the Reference Portfolio specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Reference Price means, in respect of Basket Bond Linked Warrants, 100% or the percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Relevant Proportion means, the proportion w hich one Warrant bears to the total number of Warrants outstanding. 
Relevant Spot Exchange Rate means as defined in Condition [5.8.3]/[5.8.3] of the General Terms and Conditions of the 
Warrants. 
Residual Quotation Amount means, as determined by the Calculation Agent, an amount equal to the difference betw een 
the Quotation Amount (such Quotation Amount being subject for the purposes of this definition to a deemed cap of the Bond 
Notional Amount) and the aggregate amount of the firm bid quotations obtained on the Second Quotation Day. 
Second Quotation Day means, the Business Day follow ing the First Quotation Day. 
Settlement Date for the purposes of these Additional Terms and Conditions only means up to six Payment Business Days 
follow ing the Expiration Date or such other date as is specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Settlement Type means, American Settlement or European Settlement as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Single Bond Linked Warrant means, a Bond Linked Warrant indexed on one Bond for w hich the applicable Final Terms 
specify that the clause "Type of Bond Linked Warrants" is "Single Bond Linked Warrants". 
SME Growth Market means a multilateral trading facility that is registered as an SME grow th market in accordance w ith 
Article 33 of MiFID II. 
Sovereign means, any state, political subdivision or government, or any agency, instrumentality, ministry, department or 
other authority (including, w ithout limiting the foregoing, the central bank) thereof. 
Specified Number means the number of Public Sources specified in the applicable Final Terms (or if a number is not 
specified, tw o). 
Subordination means, w ith respect to a Bond (the Subordinated Obligation) and another obligation of the Bond Issuer to 
w hich such Bond is being compared (the Senior Obligation), a contractual, trust or similar arrangement providing that (i) 
upon the liquidation, dissolution, reorganisation or w inding up of the Bond Issuer, claims of the holders of the Senior 
Obligation are required to be satisfied prior to the claims of the holders of the Subordinated Obligation or (ii) the holders  of 
the Subordinated Obligation w ill not be entitled to receive or retain payments in respect of their claims against the Bond 
Issuer at any time that the Bond Issuer is in payment arrears or is otherw ise in default under the Senior Obligation. 
Subordinated w ill be construed accordingly. For purposes of determining w hether Subordination exists or w hether an 
obligation is Subordinated w ith respect to another obligation to w hich it is being compared (x) the existence of preferred

--- Page 660 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Bond Linked Warrants 
 
660 
 
creditors arising by operation of law  or of collateral, credit support or other credit enhancement or security arrangements 
shall not be taken into account, except that, notw ithstanding the foregoing, priorities arising by operation of law  shall be taken 
into account w here the Bond Issuer is a Sovereign and (y) the ranking in priority of payments shall be determined as of the 
date as of w hich the Bond w as issued and shall not reflect any change to such ranking in priority of payment after such date.  
succeed means, for the purposes of determining a Successor, w ith respect to a Bond Issuer and its related obligations w ith 
respect to a Bond, that a party other than such Bond Issuer assumes or becomes liable for such obligations w hether by 
operation of law  or pursuant to any agreement (including w ith respect to a Bond Issuer that is a Sovereign, any protocol, 
treaty, convention, accord, concord, entente, pact or other agreement) and such Bond Issuer is no longer an obligor (primaril y 
or secondarily) or guarantor w ith respect to such obligations. 
Succession Event means: 
(a) 
w ith respect to a Bond Issuer that is not a Sovereign, an event such as a merger, consolidation, amalgamation , 
transfer of assets or liabilities, demerger, spin-off or other similar event in w hich one entity succeeds to the 
obligations of another entity, w hether by operation of law  or pursuant to any agreement; or 
(b) 
w ith respect to a Bond Issuer that is a Sovereign, an event such as annexation, unification, secession, partition, 
dissolution, consolidation, reconstitution or other event that results in any direct or indirect successor(s) to such 
Bond Issuer. 
Succession Event Information means, information about the occurrence of a Succession Event that occurred on or after 
the issue date of the Bond w ith a description in reasonable detail of  the facts relevant to the determination of (a) the 
Succession Event or the change of name of the Bond Issuer that has occurred and (b) the identity of any Successor or, as 
applicable, the name of the Bond Issuer. Such Succession Event Information may be requested at any time by the 
Warrantholders at the office of the Calculation Agent, and w ill be notified as part of a Bond Event Notice (if any) by or on 
behalf of the Issuer to the Warrantholders. 
Successor means, w ith respect to a Bond, the entity w ho succeeds to the obligations of the Bond Issuer as determined by 
the Calculation Agent as soon as reasonably practicable after it becomes aw are of the relevant Succession Event on the 
basis of Publicly Available Information. 
With respect to a Sovereign Bond Issuer, Successor means, each entity w hich becomes a direct or indirect successor to 
such Bond Issuer by w ay of a Succession Event, irrespective of w hether any such successor assumes any of the obligations 
of such Bond Issuer. 
Third Quotation Day means, the Business Day follow ing the Second Quotation Day. 
Unsettled Bond Event means, w ith respect to a Bond, that a Bond Event Determination Date has occurred prior to the 
Expiration Date but the corresponding Bond Final Valuation Notice Receipt Date has not occurred on or immediately prior 
to the fourth Business Day preceding the Expiration Date. 
(a) 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Settlement Type" is "American Settlement": 
In respect of both Single Bond Linked Warrants and Basket Bond Linked Warrants, in the case of an Unsettled 
Bond Event, the Bond Event Date may occur after the Scheduled Expiration Date and in such a case the Expiration 
Date of the Warrants w ill be the Bond Event Date.  
(b) 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Settlement Type" is "European Settlement": 
In respect of Single Bond Linked Warrants, in the case of an Unsettled Bond Event, the Bond Event Date may occur after 
the Scheduled Expiration Date and in such a case the Expiration Date of the Warrants w ill be the Bond Event Date. 
Valuation Hedging Cost means, in relation to a Bond, the direct and duly documented cost (expressed in the Settlement 
Currency of the Warrants using the Relevant Spot Exchange Rate on the relevant calculation date(s) as determined by the

--- Page 661 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Bond Linked Warrants 
 
661 
 
Calculation Agent), if any, borne by the Issuer, the Issuer's hedging counterparty, the Calculation Agent or an agent on their 
behalf in relation to the determination of the Bond Final Price, expressed as a percentage of the Bond Notional Amount. 
Weighted Average Quotation means, as determined by the Calculation Agent, the w eighted average of firm bid quotations 
obtained from the Quotation Dealers, to the extent reasonably practicable, each for an amount as large a size as available, 
that in aggregate are equal to or greater than the Quotation Amount. PROVIDED THAT if the aggregate of such quotations 
is greater than the Quotation Amount, the Calculation Agent shall reduce pro rata the notional amount of each firm bid 
quotation so that the aggregate of the firm bid quotations shall be equal to the Quotation Amount. 
3. 
DEFINITIONS IN RELATION TO THE BOND ISSUER ISDA EVENT 
Affiliate means, in relation to any person, any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, by the person, any entity that controls, 
directly or indirectly, the person or any entity directly or indirectly under common control w ith the person. For this purpos e, 
control of any entity or person means ow nership of a majority of the voting pow er of the entity or person concerned. 
Bankruptcy means a Bond Issuer: 
(A) 
is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
(B) 
becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts or fails or admits in w riting in a judicial, regulatory or administrative 
proceeding or filing its inability generally to pay its debts as they become due; 
(C) 
makes a general assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition w ith or for the benefit of its creditors generally, 
or such a general assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition becomes effective; 
(D) 
institutes or has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other 
similar relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law  or other law  affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented 
for its w inding up or liquidation, and, in the case of any such proceeding or petition instituted or presented against 
it, such proceeding or petition (i) results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief  
or the making of an order for its w inding up or liquidation or (ii) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained 
in each case w ithin thirty calendar days of the institution or presentation thereof; 
(E) 
has a resolution passed for its w inding up or liquidation (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or 
merger); 
(F) 
seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, 
trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or substantially all its assets; 
(G) 
has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, execution, attachment, 
sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or substantially all its assets and 
such secured party maintains possession, or any such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, 
in each case w ithin thirty calendar days thereafter; or 
(H) 
causes or is subject to any event w ith respect to it w hich, under the applicable law s of any jurisdiction, has an 
analogous effect to any of the events specified in paragraphs (A) to (G) (inclusive) of this definition of Bankruptcy. 
Bond means any obligation of a type included in the Borrow ed Money category that is in the form of, or represented by, a 
bond, note (other than notes delivered pursuant to Loans), certificated debt security or other debt security and shall not 
include any other type of Borrow ed Money. 
Bond Issuer has the meaning given to it in Condition 3 above. 
Borrowed Money means any obligation (excluding an obligation under a revolving credit arrangement for w hich there are 
no outstanding, unpaid draw ings in respect of principal) for the payment or repayment of borrow ed money (w hich term shall 
include, w ithout limitation, deposits and reimbursement obligations arising from draw ings pursuant to letters of credit).

--- Page 662 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Bond Linked Warrants 
 
662 
 
Buyer means the party specified as such in the related Confirmation. 
Confirmation means, w ith respect to a Credit Derivative Transaction, one or more documents and other confirming evidence 
exchanged betw een the parties or otherw ise effective, w hich taken together, confirm or evidence all of the terms of that 
Credit Derivative Transaction. 
Credit Derivative Transaction means any transaction that is identified in the related Confirmation as a Credit Derivative 
Transaction or any transaction that incorporates the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions. 
Credit Event means, w ith respect to a Credit Derivative Transaction, one or more of Bankruptcy, Failure to Pay, Obligation 
Acceleration, Obligation Default, Repudiation/Moratorium, Restructuring or Governmental Intervention as specified in the 
related Confirmation. 
If an occurrence w ould otherw ise constitute a Credit Event, such occurrence w ill constitute a Credit Event w hether or not 
such occurrence arises directly or indirectly from, or is subject to a defence based upon: 
(A) 
any lack or alleged lack of authority or capacity of the Bond Issuer to enter into any Obligation or, as applicable, an 
Underlying Obligor to enter into any Underlying Obligation; 
(B) 
any actual or alleged unenforceability, illegality, impossibility or invalidity w ith respect to any Obligation or, as 
applicable, any Underlying Obligation, how ever described; 
(C) 
any applicable law , order, regulation, decree or notice, how ever described, or the promulgation of, or any change 
in, the interpretation by any court, tribunal, regulatory authority or similar administrative or judicial body  w ith 
competent or apparent jurisdiction of any applicable law , order, regulation, decree or notice, how ever described; or 
(D) 
the imposition of, or any change in, any exchange controls, capital restrictions or any other similar restrictions 
imposed by any monetary or other authority, how ever described. 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee means each committee established by ISDA pursuant to the DC Rules for 
purposes of reaching certain DC Resolutions (including, but not limited to, the determination of the occurrence of a Credit 
Event) in connection w ith “Credit Derivative Transactions” as more fully described in the DC Rules. 
DC Resolution has the meaning given to that term in the DC Rules. 
DC Rules means the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Rules, as published by ISDA on its w ebsite at 
w ww.isda.org (or any successor w ebsite thereto) from time to time and as amended from time to time in accordance w ith 
the terms thereof. 
DC Secretary has the meaning given to that term in the DC Rules. 
Default Requirement means USD 10,000,000 or the amount specified as such in the Confirmation for the applicable Credit 
Derivative Transaction (or in each case its equivalent in the Obligation Currency as of the occurrence of the relevant Credit 
Event). 
Definitions means the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions. 
Deliver means to deliver, novate, transfer (including in the case of a Guarantee, transfer of the benefit of the Guarantee), 
assign or sell, as appropriate, in order to convey all right, title and interest to the Seller as more fully described in the 
Definitions. Delivery and Delivered w ill be construed accordingly. 
Downstream Affiliate means an entity, w hose outstanding Voting Shares w ere, at the date of issuance of the Qualifying 
Guarantee, more than 50%. ow ned, directly or indirectly, by the Bond Issuer. 
Failure to Pay means, after the expiration of any applicable Grace Period (after the satisfaction of any conditions precedent 
to the commencement of such Grace Period), the failure by the Bond Issuer to make, w hen and w here due, any payments

--- Page 663 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Bond Linked Warrants 
 
663 
 
in an aggregate amount of not less than the Payment Requirement under one or more Obligations, in accordance w ith the 
terms of such Obligations at the time of such failure. 
Fixed Cap means, w ith respect to a Guarantee, a specified numerical limit or cap on the liability of the Bond Issuer in respect 
of some or all payments due under the Underlying Obligation, provided that a Fixed Cap shall exclude a limit or cap 
determined by reference to a formula w ith one or more variable inputs (and for these purposes, the outstanding principal or 
other amounts payable pursuant to the Underlying Obligation shall not be considered to be variable inputs). 
Governmental Authority means: 
(i) 
any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, instrumentality, ministry or department thereof); 
(ii) 
any court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental, inter-governmental or supranational body; 
(iii) 
any authority or any other entity (private or public) either designated as a resolution authority or charged w ith the 
regulation or supervision of the financial markets (including a central bank) of the Bond Issuer or some or all of its 
obligations; or 
(iv) 
any other authority w hich is analogous to any of the entities specified in paragraphs (i) to (iii) above. 
Governmental Intervention means that, w ith respect to one or more Obligations and in relation to an aggregate amount of 
not less than the Default Requirement, any one or more of the follow ing events occurs as a result of action taken or an 
announcement made, by a Governmental Authority pursuant to, or by means of, a restructuring and resolution law  or 
regulation (or any other similar law  or regulation), in each case, applicable to the Bond Issuer in a form w hich is binding, 
irrespective of w hether such event is expressly provided for under the terms of such Obligation: 
(i) 
any event w hich w ould affect creditors’ rights so as to cause: 
(A) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled interest accruals (including 
by w ay of redenomination); 
(B) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption (including by w ay of 
redenomination); 
(C) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (i) the payment or accrual of interest or (ii) 
the payment of principal or premium; or 
(D) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Obligation, causing the Subordination of such 
Obligation to any other Obligation; 
(ii) 
an expropriation, transfer or other event w hich mandatorily changes the beneficial holder of the Obligation; 
(iii) 
a mandatory cancellation, conversion or exchange; or 
(iv) 
any event w hich has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in paragraphs (i) to (iii) of this definition. 
For purposes of this definition, the term Obligation shall be deemed to include Underlying Obligations for w hich the Bond 
Issuer is acting as provider of a Guarantee. 
Grace Period means: 
(A) 
subject to paragraphs (B) and (C) below , the applicable grace period w ith respect to payments under and in 
accordance w ith the terms of such Obligation in effect as of the date as of w hich such Obligation is issued or 
incurred;

--- Page 664 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Bond Linked Warrants 
 
664 
 
(B) 
if Grace Period Extension is specified as applicable in the related Confirmation, a Potential Failure to Pay has 
occurred on or prior to the Scheduled Termination Date and the applicable grace period cannot, by its terms, expire 
on or prior to the Scheduled Termination Date, the Grace Period w ill be deemed to be the lesser of such grace 
period and the period specified as such in the related Confirmation, or if no period is specified, thirty calendar days; 
and 
(C) 
if, as of the date as of w hich an Obligation is issued or incurred, no grace period w ith respect to payments or a 
grace period w ith respect to payments of less than three Grace Period Business Days is applicable under the terms 
of such Obligation, a Grace Period of three Grace Period Business Days shall be deemed to apply to such 
Obligation; provided that; unless Grace Period Extension is specified as applicable in the related Confirmation, such 
deemed Grace Period shall expire no later than the Scheduled Termination Date. 
Grace Period Business Day means a day on w hich commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are generally open 
to settle payments in the place or places and on the days specified for that purpose in the relevant Obligation and if a plac e 
or places are not so specified, (a) if the Obligation Currency is the euro, a TARGET Settlement Day, or (b) otherw ise, a day 
on w hich commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are generally open to settle payments in the principal financial 
city in the jurisdiction of the Obligation Currency. 
Grace Period Extension Date means, if (a) Grace Period Extension is specified as applicable in the related Confirmation 
and (b) a Potential Failure to Pay occurs on or prior to the Scheduled Termination Date, the date that is the number of days 
in the Grace Period after the date of such Potential Failure to Pay. If Grace Period Extension is not specified as applicable 
in the related Confirmation, Grace Period Extension shall not apply to the relevant Credit Derivative Transaction. 
Guarantee means a Relevant Guarantee or a guarantee w hich is the Reference Obligation. 
Loan means any obligation of a type included in the Borrow ed Money category that is documented by a term loan agreement, 
revolving loan agreement or other similar credit agreement and shall not include any other type of Borrow ed Money. 
Multiple Holder Obligation means an Obligation that (i) at the time of the event w hich constitutes a Restructuring Credit 
Event is held by more than three holders that are not Affiliates of each other and (ii) w ith respect to w hich a percentage of 
holders (determined pursuant to the terms of the Obligation as in effect on the date of such event) at least equal to 
sixty-six-and tw o-thirds is required to consent to the event w hich constitutes a Restructuring Credit Event provided that any 
Obligation that is a Bond shall be deemed to satisfy the requirement in this subparagraph (ii) of this definition of Multiple 
Holder Obligation. 
Notice of Publicly Available Information means an irrevocable notice from the Notifying Party to the other party that cites 
Publicly Available Information confirming the occurrence of the Credit Event or Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, as 
applicable, described in the Credit Event Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice. The notice given must contain 
a copy, or a description in reasonable detail, of the relevant Publicly Available Information. If “Notice of Publicly Available 
Information” is applicable to a Credit Derivative Transaction and the Credit Event Notice or Repudiation/Moratoriu m 
Extension Notice, as applicable, contains Publicly Available Information, such Credit Event Notice or Repudiation/Moratoriu m 
Extension Notice w ill also be deemed to be a Notice of Publicly Available Information. 
Notifying Party means “Buyer or Seller” unless otherw ise specified in the related Confirmation. 
Obligation means any obligation (w hether present or future, contingent or otherw ise) of the Bond Issuer (either directly or 
as provider of a Relevant Guarantee) for the payment or repayment of money (including, w ithout limitation, Borrow ed Money), 
including for the avoidance of doubt, the Reference Obligation. 
Obligation Acceleration means one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement 
have become due and payable before they w ould otherw ise have been due and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, 
the occurrence of a default, event of default or other similar condition or event (how ever described), other than a failure to 
make any required payment, in respect of the Bond Issuer under one or more Obligations. 
Obligation Currency means the currency or currencies in w hich an Obligation is denominated.

--- Page 665 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Bond Linked Warrants 
 
665 
 
Obligation Default means one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement have 
become capable of being declared due and payable before they w ould otherw ise have been due and payable as a result of, 
or on the basis of, the occurrence of a default, event of default or other similar condition or event (how ever described), other 
than a failure to make any required payment, in respect of the Bond Issuer under one or more Obligations. 
Payment Requirement means USD 1,000,000 or the amount specified as such in the Confirmation for the applicable Credit 
Derivative Transaction (or in each case, its equivalent in the Obligation Currency as of the occurrence of the relevant Failu re 
to Pay or Potential Failure to Pay, as applicable). 
Permitted Transfer means, w ith respect to a Qualifying Guarantee, a transfer to and the assumption by any single transferee 
of such Qualifying Guarantee (including by w ay of cancellation and execution of a new  guarantee) on the same or 
substantially the same terms, in circumstances w here there is also a transfer of all (or substantially all) of the assets of the 
Bond Issuer to the same single transferee. 
Potential Failure to Pay means the failure by the Bond Issuer to make, w hen and w here due, any payments in an aggregate 
amount of not less than the Payment Requirement under one or more Obligations in accordance w ith the terms of such 
Obligations at the time of such failure, w ithout regard to any grace period or any conditions precedent to the commencement 
of any grace period applicable to such Obligations. 
Potential Repudiation/Moratorium  means the occurrence of an event described in paragraph (i)(a) of the definition of 
Repudiation/Moratorium. 
Qualifying Guarantee means a guarantee evidenced by a w ritten instrument (w hich may include a statute or regulation), 
pursuant to w hich the Bond Issuer irrevocably agrees, undertakes, or is otherw ise obliged to pay all amounts of principal and  
interest (except for amounts w hich are not covered due to the existence of a Fixed Cap) due under an Underlying Obligation 
for w hich the Underlying Obligor is the obligor, by guarantee of payment and not by guarantee of collection (or, in either 
case, any legal arrangement w hich is equivalent thereto in form under the relevant governing law ). 
A Qualifying Guarantee shall not include any guarantee: 
(i) 
w hich is structured as a surety bond, financial guarantee insurance policy or letter of credit (or legal arrangement 
w hich is equivalent thereto in form); or 
(ii) 
pursuant to the terms applicable thereto, the principal payment obligations of the Bond Issuer can be discharged, 
released, reduced, assigned or otherw ise altered as a result of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or 
circumstance, in each case other than: 
(a) 
by payment; 
(b) 
by w ay of Permitted Transfer; 
(c) 
by operation of law ; 
(d) 
due to the existence of a Fixed Cap; or 
(e) 
due to: 
(A) 
provisions permitting or anticipating a Governmental Intervention, if "Financial Reference Entity 
Terms" is specified as applicable in the related Confirmation; or 
(B) 
any Solvency Capital Provisions, if "Subordinated European Insurance Terms" is specified as 
applicable in the related Confirmation. 
If the guarantee or Underlying Obligation contains provisions relating to the discharge, release, reduction, assignment or 
other alteration of the principal payment obligations of the Bond Issuer and such provisions have ceased to apply or are 
suspended at the time of the relevant determination, in accordance w ith the terms of such guarantee or Underlying

--- Page 666 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Bond Linked Warrants 
 
666 
 
Obligation, due to or follow ing the occurrence of (I) a non-payment in respect of the guarantee or the Underlying Obligation, 
or (II) an event of the type described in the definition of Bankruptcy in respect of the Bond Issuer or the Underlying Obligo r, 
then it shall be deemed for these purposes that such cessation or suspension is permanent, notw ithstanding the terms of 
the guarantee or Underlying Obligation. 
In order for a guarantee to constitute a Qualifying Guarantee: 
(i) 
the benefit of such guarantee must be capable of being Delivered together w ith the Delivery of the Underlying 
Obligation; and 
(ii) 
if a guarantee contains a Fixed Cap, all claims to any amounts w hich are subject to such Fixed Cap must be capable 
of being Delivered together w ith the Delivery of such guarantee. 
Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee means a Qualifying Guarantee provided by the Bond Issuer in respect of an Underlying 
Obligation of a Dow nstream Affiliate of the Bond Issuer. 
Reference Obligation means each obligation specified as such or of a type described in the related Confirmation. 
Relevant Guarantee means a Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee or, if “All Guarantees” is specified as applicable in the related 
Confirmation, a Qualifying Guarantee. 
Repudiation/Moratorium means the occurrence of both of the follow ing events: (i) an authorised officer of the Bond Issuer 
or a Governmental Authority (a) disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates or rejects, in w hole or in part, or challenges the validity  of, 
one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement or (b) declares or imposes a 
moratorium, standstill, roll over or deferral, w hether de facto or de jure, w ith respect to one or more Obligations in an 
aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement and (ii) a Failure to Pay, determined w ithout regard to the 
Payment Requirement, or a Restructuring, determined w ithout regard to the Default Requirement, w ith respect to any such 
Obligation occurs on or prior to the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date. 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date means, if a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium occurs on or prior to the date that 
is fourteen calendar days after the Scheduled Termination 
Date, (i) if the Obligations to w hich such Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium relates include Bonds, the date that is the later of (A) the date that is 60 days after the date of such 
Potential Repudiation/Moratorium and (B) the first payment date under any such Bond after the date of such Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium (or, if later, the expiration date of any applicable Grace Period in respect of such payment date) and 
(ii) if the Obligations to w hich such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium relates do not include Bonds, the date that is 60 days  
after the date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium; provided that, in either case, the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation 
Date shall occur no later than the Scheduled Termination Date unless the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition is 
satisfied. 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition means a condition that is satisfied: 
(A) 
if the DC Secretary publicly announces, pursuant to a valid request that w as delivered and effectively received on 
or prior to the Scheduled Expiration Date, that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has 
Resolved that an event that constitutes a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium for purposes of the relevant Credit 
Derivative Transaction has occurred w ith respect to an Obligation of the Bond Issuer and that such event occurred 
on or prior to the Scheduled Termination Date, or 
(B) 
otherw ise, by the delivery by the Notifying Party to the other party of a Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice 
and unless Notice of Publicly Available Information is specified as "Not Applicable" in the related Confirmation, a 
Notice of Publicly Available Information that are each effective on or prior to the date that is fourteen calendar days 
after the Scheduled Termination Date. 
In all cases, the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition w ill be deemed not to have been satisfied, or not capable of 
being satisfied, if, or to the extent that, the DC Secretary publicly announces that the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has Resolved that either (i) an event does not constitute a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium for 
purposes of the relevant Credit Derivative Transaction w ith respect to an Obligation of the Bond Issuer or (ii) an event that

--- Page 667 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Bond Linked Warrants 
 
667 
 
constitutes a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium for purposes of the relevant Credit Derivative Transaction has occurred w ith 
respect to an Obligation of the Bond Issuer but that such event occurred after the Scheduled Termination Date. 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice means an irrevocable notice from the Notifying Party to the other party that 
describes a Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium 
that occurred on or prior to the Scheduled Termination 
Date. A 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the 
determination that a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred and indicate the date of the occurrence. The Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium that is the subject of the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice need not be continuing on the 
date the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice is effective. 
Resolve has the meaning given to it in the DC Rules, and “Resolved” and “Resolves” shall be construed accordingly. 
Restructuring means that: 
(A) 
w ith respect to one or more Obligations and in relation to an aggregate amount of not less than the Default 
Requirement, any one or more of the follow ing events occurs in a form that binds all holders of such Obligation, is 
agreed betw een the Bond Issuer or a Governmental Authority and a sufficient number of holders of such Obligation 
to bind all holders of the Obligation or is announced (or otherw ise decreed) by the Bond Issuer or a Governmental 
Authority in a form that binds all holders of such Obligation (including, in each case, in respect of Bonds only, by 
w ay of an exchange) and such event is not expressly provided for under the terms of such Obligation in effect as 
of the later of the credit event backstop date in accordance w ith the Definitions and the date as of w hich such 
Obligation is issued or incurred: 
(1) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled interest accruals (including 
by w ay of redenomination); 
(2) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption (including by w ay of 
redenomination); 
(3) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (a) the payment or accrual of interest, or (b) 
the payment of principal or premium; 
(4) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Obligation, causing the Subordination of such 
Obligation to any other Obligation; or 
(5) 
any change in the currency of any payment of interest, principal or premium to any currency other than 
the law ful currency of Canada, Japan, Sw itzerland, the United Kingdom and the United States of America 
and the euro and any successor currency to any of the aforementioned currencies (w hich in the case of 
the euro, shall mean the currency w hich succeeds to and replaces the euro in w hole). 
(B) 
Notw ithstanding the provisions of paragraph (A) above, none of the follow ing w ill constitute a Restructuring: 
(1) 
the payment in euros of interest, principal or premium in relation to an Obligation denominated in a 
currency of a Member State of the European Union that adopts or has adopted the single currency in 
accordance w ith the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended by the Treaty on 
European Union; 
(2) 
the redenomination from euros into another currency, if (i) the redenomination occurs as a result of action 
taken by a Governmental Authority of a Member State of the European Union w hich is of general 
application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority and (ii) a freely available market rate of 
conversion betw een euros and such other currency existed at the time of such redenomination and there 
is no reduction in the rate or amount of interest, principal or premium payable, as determined by reference 
to such freely available market rate of conversion;

--- Page 668 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Bond Linked Warrants 
 
668 
 
(3) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in paragraphs (A)(1) to 
(A)(5) above, due to an administrative adjustment, accounting adjustment or tax adjustment or other 
technical adjustment occurring in the ordinary course of business; and 
(4) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in paragraphs (A)(1) to 
(A)(5) above in circumstances w here such event does not directly or indirectly result from a deterioration 
in the creditw orthiness or financial condition of the Bond Issuer, provided that in respect of paragraph 
(A)(5) above only, no such deterioration in the creditw orthiness or financial condition of the Bond Issuer is 
required w here the redenomination is from euros into another currency and occurs as a result of action 
taken by a Governmental Authority of a Member State of the European Union w hich is of general 
application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority. 
(C) 
For the purposes of paragraphs (A) and (B) above and Multiple Holder Obligation, the term Obligation shall be 
deemed to include Underlying Obligations for w hich the Bond Issuer is acting as provider of a Guarantee. In the 
case of a Guarantee and an Underlying Obligation, references to the Bond Issuer in paragraph (A) above shall be 
deemed to refer to the Underlying Obligor and the reference to the Bond Issuer in paragraph (B) above shall 
continue to refer to the Bond Issuer. 
(D) 
If an exchange has occurred, the determination as to w hether one of the events described under paragraphs (A)(1) 
to (A)(5) above has occurred w ill be based on a comparison of the terms of the Bond immediately prior to such 
exchange and the terms of the resulting obligations immediately follow ing such exchange. 
(E) 
Unless Multiple Holder Obligation is specified as not applicable in the related Confirmation, then, notw ithstanding 
anything to the contrary above, the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described 
in paragraphs (A)(1) to (A)(5) above shall not be a Restructuring unless the Obligation in respect of any such events 
is a Multiple Holder Obligation. 
Seller means the party specified as such in the related Confirmation. 
Subordination means, w ith respect to an obligation (the Second Obligation) and another obligation of the Bond Issuer to 
w hich such obligation is being compared (the First Obligation), a contractual, trust or similar arrangement providing that (i) 
upon the liquidation, dissolution, reorganisation or w inding-up of the Bond Issuer , claims of the holders of the First Obligation 
are required to be satisfied prior to the claims of the holders of the Second Obligation or (ii) the holders of the Second 
Obligation w ill not be entitled to receive or retain payments in respect of their claims against the Bond Issuer at any time that 
the Bond Issuer is in payment arrears or is otherw ise in default under the First Obligation, as more fully described in the 
Definitions. 
Scheduled Expiration Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Scheduled Termination Date means the date specified as such in the related Confirmation. 
Solvency Capital Provisions means any terms in an obligation w hich permit the Bond Issuer’s payment obligations 
thereunder to be deferred, suspended, cancelled, converted, reduced or otherw ise varied and w hich are necessary in order 
for the obligation to constitute capital resources of a particular tier. 
Underlying Obligation means, w ith respect to a guarantee, the obligation w hich is the subject of the guarantee. 
Underlying Obligor means w ith respect to an Underlying Obligation, the issuer in the case of a Bond, the borrow er in the 
case of a Loan, or the principal obligor in the case of any other Underlying Obligation. 
Voting Shares means the shares or other interests that have the pow er to elect the board of directors or similar governing 
body of an entity.

--- Page 669 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for ETP Linked Warrants and for ETF Linked Warrants 
 
669 
 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETP LINKED WARRANTS AND FOR ETF LINKED WARRANTS 
The provisions of these Additional Terms and Conditions for ETF Linked Warrants and ETP Linked Warrants apply if the applicab le 
Final Terms specify that the clause "Type of Structured Warrants" is "ETF Linked Warrants" or "ETP Linked Warrants". 
References in these Additional Terms and Conditions for ETF Linked Warrants and ETP Linked Warrants to a "Condition" or "these 
Additional Terms and Conditions" shall be construed as a reference to the relevant conditions in these Additional Terms and 
Conditions for ETF Linked Warrants and ETP Linked Warrants unless otherw ise specified herein. 
For the purpose of the Additional Terms and Conditions for ETP Linked Warrants and for ETF Linked Warrants the follow ing terms in 
Condition 5.8.3 shall be amended as follow s: 
 
Hedge Positions as used in Condition 5.8.3 means Hypothetical Hedge Positions; 
 
Optional Hedge Positions as used in Condition 5.8.3 means Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions. 
1. 
DEFINITIONS 
Averaging Date means, in respect of a Valuation Date and an ETP or an ETF, each date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms for the purpose of determining an average (or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next follow ing Scheduled 
Trading Day) unless such day is a Disrupted Day in w hich case it shall be postponed pursuant to the provisions of Condition 2 below ; 
Basket means a basket composed of ETPs or ETFs (each an Underlying) in the relevant proportions or numbers of ETP or ETF 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Closing Price means in respect of an ETP or an ETF, the official closing price of such ETF on the relevant Exchange, as adjusted (if 
applicable) pursuant to the provisions of Condition 2 below . 
Disrupted Day means, in respect of an ETP or of an ETF (or, in the case of a Basket of ETP or a Basket of ETF, in respect of any 
ETP or ETF comprising the Basket and observed separately) any Scheduled Trading Day on w hich (a) a relevant Exchange or Related  
Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session or (b) a Market Disruption Event has occurred; 
ETF means the exchange traded fund (or the exchange traded funds in case of a Basket) specified as Underlying in the applicable 
Final Terms, subject to adjustment pursuant to the provisions of Condition 3.1 below . 
ETF Documents means, in respect of any ETF, the constitutive and governing documents and other agreements of the ETF 
specifying the terms and conditions relating to such ETF. 
ETF Service Provider means, in respect of any ETF, any person w ho is appointed to provide services, directly or indirectly, for that 
ETF, w hether or not specified in the ETF Documents, including any fund investment adviser, fund administrator, manager, any person 
appointed in the role of discretionary investment manager or non-discretionary investment adviser (including a non-discretionary 
investment adviser to a discretionary manager or another non-discretionary investment adviser) for such ETF (the ETF Adviser), 
trustee or similar person w ith the primary administrative responsibilities for such ETF, operator, management company, depository, 
custodian, sub-custodian, prime broker, registrar and transfer agent or domiciliary agent. 
ETF Unit or Unit means, in respect of any ETF, a share or unit of such ETF. 
ETP means the exchange-traded product (w ith the exclusion of ETFs) (or the exchange-traded products in case of a Basket) specified 
as Underlying in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment pursuant to the provisions of Condition 3 below ; 
ETP Documents means, in respect of any ETP, the constitutive and governing documents and other agreements of the ETP 
specifying the terms and conditions relating to such ETP; 
ETP Issuer means the legal entity w hich issued the ETP;

--- Page 670 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for ETP Linked Warrants and for ETF Linked Warrants 
 
670 
 
Exchange(s) means, in respect of an ETP or an ETF, the corresponding exchange or quotation system specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, or any successor exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to w hich trading in the 
ETP or the ETF has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity 
relative to such ETP or ETF, on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Exchange); 
Exchange Business Day means, in respect of the ETP or the ETF, (or, in the case of a Basket of ETP or Basket of ETF, in respect 
of any ETP or ETF comprising the Basket and observed separately) any Scheduled Trading Day on w hich each relevant Exchange 
and Related Exchange are open for trading during their respective regular trading sessions, notw ithstanding any such Exchange or 
Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time; 
Full Liquidation Date means, in respect of the Settlement Date, the date on w hich the liquidation proceeds of the Hypothetical Hedge 
Positions (including inter alia by satisfying any obligations or liabilities in place w ith respect to or part of such Hypothetical Hedge 
Positions, if any, w ith the liquidation proceeds of the assets of such Hypothetical Hedge Positions) are deemed, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, to be fully received by the Hypothetical Investor. 
Hypothetical Hedge Positions means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance, by a Hypothetical Investor, of one or more (a) 
positions or contracts in ETPs or in the ETF, options, futures, derivatives, interest rate transactions or foreign exchange transactions, 
(b) securities lending/borrow ing transactions, (c) cash deposits or cash borrow ings and/or (d) other instruments, arrangements, assets 
or liabilities how soever described, in order to hedge individually or on a portfolio basis, the part of the Issuer’s obligations under the 
Warrants linked to or indexed to the relevant ETP or to the relevant ETF, as the case may be, due on the Settlement Date apportioned 
pro rata to each outstanding Warrant provided that, if the Full Liquidation Date and/or the Optional Full Liquidation Date has not 
occurred on or before the fourth Business Day preceding the Settlement Date, then Hypothetical Hedge Positions w ill include the 
Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions, 
provided further that: 
 
all references to the w ord "fourth" above may be deemed to be a reference to another time limit as determined by the 
Calculation Agent pursuant to rules applicable to the relevant Clearing System. 
For the purposes of this definition of "Hypothetical Hedge Positions", Clearing System means the clearing system through w hich the 
Warrants are cleared and settled, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Hypothetical Investor means, w ith respect to the Hypothetical Hedge Positions, a hypothetical investor in such Hypothetical Hedge 
Positions (including the ETPs or the ETF Units), located in France (w hich for the avoidance of doubt may be Societe Generale or any 
of its affiliates), and deemed, in respect of the Hypothetical Hedge Positions constituted by the ETPs or by the ETF, to have (a) the 
benefits and obligations, as provided under the ETP Documents or under the ETF Documents, as the case may be, of an investor 
holding ETPs or the ETFs; (b) in the case of any deemed redemption of such ETP or of such ETF, to have submitted a Valid Order 
requesting redemption of ETPs or of the ETF, as the case may be; and (c) in the case of any deemed investment in such ETP (w hen 
such ETPs are open-ended) or in such ETF, to have submitted a Valid Order requesting subscription of ETPs or of the ETF, as the 
case may be; 
Intraday Price means, in respect of an ETP or an ETF, the price of such ETP or such ETF on the relevant Exchange at any time 
during a trading session on an Exchange Business Day, including the Closing Price; 
Market Disruption Event means, in respect of an ETP or an ETF, the occurrence or existence of (a) a Trading Disruption, (b) an 
Exchange Disruption w hich, in either case, the Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the one hour period that 
ends at the relevant Valuation Time or (c) an Early Closure. For the purpose hereof: 
A. 
Trading Disruption means, in respect of an ETP or an ETF, any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the 
relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherw ise and w hether by reason of movements in price exceeding limits 
permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherw ise (a) relating to the ETP or to the ETF on the Exchange 
or (b) in futures or options contracts relating to the ETP or to the ETF on any relevant Related Exchange; 
B. 
Exchange Disruption means, in respect of an ETP or an ETF, any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or 
impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general to effect transactions in, or

--- Page 671 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for ETP Linked Warrants and for ETF Linked Warrants 
 
671 
 
obtain market values for (a) the ETP or the ETF on the Exchange or (b) futures or options contracts relating to the ETP or to  
the ETF on any relevant Related Exchange; 
C. 
Early Closure means, the closure on any Exchange Business Day of in the case of an ETP or an ETF, the relevant Exchange 
or any Related Exchange, prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing is announced by such Exchange 
or Related Exchange (as the case may be) at least one hour prior to the earlier of (x) the actual closing time for the regular 
trading session on such Exchange or Related Exchange (as the case may be) on such Exchange Business Day and (y) the 
submission deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the relevant 
Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day. 
Maturity Disruption Event, means, in respect of ETP only, that a Full Liquidation Date and/or an Optional Full Liquidation Date has 
not occurred on or before the fourth Business Day preceding the Expiration Date; 
Related Exchange(s) means, in respect of an ETP or an ETF, each exchange or quotation system w here trading has a material 
effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent) on the overall market for futures and options contracts relating to such ETP or ETF, 
any successor exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or substitute quotation system to w hich trading in futures or 
options contracts relating to an ETP or to an ETF, has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that 
there is comparable liquidity relative to the futures or options contracts relating to such ETP or such ETF, on such temporar y substitute 
exchange or quotation system as on the original Related Exchange); 
Relevant Spot Exchange Rate means, in respect of ETP only, in respect of a date and an amount to be converted into the Settlement 
Currency, the rate of exchange of the currency in w hich such amount is denominated into the Settlement Currency used to convert 
such amount on such date into the Settlement Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
Scheduled Closing Time means in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange, the scheduled w eekday closing time of such 
Exchange or Related Exchange, w ithout regard to after hours or any other trading outside of the regular trading session hours; 
Scheduled Trading Day means, in respect of an ETP or an ETF (or, in the case of a Basket of ETPs or Basket of ETFs, in respect 
of any ETP or ETF comprising the Basket and observed separately), any day on w hich each Exchange and each Related Exchange, 
if any, are scheduled to be open for trading for their respective regular trading session; 
Valid Order means a valid and timely subscription or redemption order sent to the ETP Issuer or the ETP advisor or agent (in the 
case of ETPs) or to the ETF or the ETF Service Provider (in the case of ETFs) that generally accepts such order, in accordanc e w ith 
the subscription or redemption notice period and the relevant cut off time as set forth in the ETP Documents or in the ETF Documents, 
as the case may be; 
Valuation Date means, in respect of an ETP or an ETF, each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (or, if such date is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day for such ETP or for such ETF, the next follow ing Scheduled Trading Day), unless such day is a Disrupted 
Day in w hich case it shall be postponed pursuant to the provisions of Condition 2 below ; 
Valuation Time means, in respect of an ETP or an ETF, the Scheduled Closing Time provided how ever that if the Exchange closes 
prior to its Scheduled Closing Time, the Valuation Time shall be the actual closing time of the Exchange. 
2. 
CONSEQUENCES OF DISRUPTED DAYS 
If any Valuation Date or Averaging Date specified in the applicable Final Terms (the Scheduled Valuation Date and the Scheduled 
Averaging Date respectively), is a Disrupted Day for an ETP or for an ETF, the Valuation Date or the Averaging Date for such ETP 
or for such ETF shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of that ETP or that ETF, 
unless each of the eight Scheduled Trading Days immediately follow ing the Scheduled Valuation Date or the Scheduled Averaging  
Date is also a Disrupted Day. In that case: 
A.  
that eighth Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date or Averaging Date, for the ETP or the ETF 
notw ithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and 
B. 
 the Calculation Agent shall determine in good faith, its estimate of the value of the ETP or of the ETF as of the Valuation 
Time on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day in accordance w ith the formula for and method of calculating that ETP or that

--- Page 672 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for ETP Linked Warrants and for ETF Linked Warrants 
 
672 
 
ETF last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using the Exchange traded or quoted price as of the 
Valuation Time on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day of each security comprised in the ETP or in the ETF (or if an event 
giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the relevant security on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day, its good 
faith estimate of the value of the relevant security as of the Valuation Time on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day) and the 
good faith estimate of the value of the ETP or of the ETF so calculated shall be deemed the Closing Price; 
Provided that if the ETP or the ETF is included in a Basket, the above provisions shall apply only to the ETP or the ETF affected by 
the occurrence of a Disrupted Day and the Valuation Date or the Averaging Date for each ETP or ETF not affected by a Disrupted 
Day shall be the Scheduled Valuation Date or the Scheduled Averaging Date; 
provided however that: 
(a) 
if a Scheduled Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day, the Averaging Date shall be postponed pursuant to the prov isions above 
to the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day provided it is not also a Scheduled Averaging 
Date; if on the eighth Scheduled Trading Day follow ing the Scheduled Averaging Date a Scheduled Trading Day that is not 
a Disrupted Day nor another Scheduled Averaging Date has not occurred, then that eighth Scheduled Trading Day shall be 
deemed the Averaging Date (irrespective of w hether that eighth Scheduled Trading Day is also a Scheduled Averaging 
Date), and the Calculation Agent shall make on that day the determinations described in (B) above, and the good faith 
estimate of the value of the ETP or of the ETF so calculated shall be deemed the Closing Price; 
(b) 
notw ithstanding the foregoing, a Valuation Date or an Averaging Date (postponed as the case may be pursuant to the 
provisions above) shall occur not later than the earlier of (i) the Expiration Date and (ii) the fourth Business Day before the 
date of any payment to be made under the Warrants on the basis of determinations made on such Valuation Date or 
Averaging Date; if a Valuation Date or an Averaging Date (postponed as the case may be pursuant to the provisions above) 
w ould fall less than the earlier of (i) the Expiration Date and (ii) after the fourth Business Day prior to the date of any payment 
to be made under the Warrants on the basis of determinations made on such Valuation Date or Averaging Date, then the 
earlier of (i) the Expiration Date and (ii) that fourth Business Day shall be deemed the Valuation Date or Averaging Date and 
the Calculation Agent shall make, on that day the determinations described in (B) above at the latest as of the Valuation 
Time on the earlier of (i) the Expiration Date and (ii) such fourth Business Day and the good faith estimate of the value of the 
ETP or the ETF so calculated shall be deemed the Closing Price, provided however that, all references to the w ord "fourth" 
above may be deemed to be a reference to another time limit as determined by the Calculation Agent pursuant to rules 
applicable to the relevant Clearing System. 
provided however that: 
 
all references to the w ord "fourth" above may be deemed to be a reference to another time limit as determined by the 
Calculation Agent pursuant to rules applicable to the relevant Clearing System. 
For the purposes of this Condition 2, Clearing System means the clearing system through w hich the Warrants are cleared and 
settled, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
3. 
POTENTIAL ADJUSTMENT EVENTS – EXTRAORDINARY EVENTS AND CONSEQUENCES – MONETISATION UNTIL 
THE EXPIRATION DATE – DISRUPTED EVENTS – SETTLEMENT DISRUPTION EVENTS 
3.1 
Potential Adjustment Events 
In the case of the occurrence at any time on or after the Issue Date of any event affecting an ETP Issuer or the value of the relevant 
ETP or affecting an ETF including, w ithout limitation: 
A.  
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of the relevant number of ETPs or of ETF Units, or a free distribution (or 
dividend in the case of ETF Units) of any such ETPs or ETF Units to existing holders by w ay of bonus, capitalization or 
similar issue; 
B.  
a distribution or issue (or dividend in the case of ETF Units) to existing holders of the relevant ETPs or ETF Units of (a) an 
additional quantity of such ETP or such ETF Units, or (b) other share capital or securities granting the right to payment of 
distributions and/or dividends and/or the proceeds of liquidation of the ETP Issuer or of the ETF equally or proportionately

--- Page 673 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for ETP Linked Warrants and for ETF Linked Warrants 
 
673 
 
w ith such payments to holders of such ETPs or of such ETF Units, or (c) share capital or other securities of another issuer 
acquired or ow ned (directly or indirectly) by the ETP Issuer or by the ETF as a result of a spin-off or other similar transaction, 
or (d) any other type of securities, rights or w arrants or other assets, in any case for payment (cash or other consideration) 
at less than the prevailing market price as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
C. 
an extraordinary income distribution in case of ETP or dividend in case of ETF; 
D. 
a repurchase by the ETP Issuer of relevant ETPs or a repurchase by the ETF of relevant ETF Units w hether the consideration 
for such repurchase is cash, securities or otherw ise, other than in respect of a redemption of (i) ETPs initiated by an investor 
in such ETPs that is consistent w ith the ETP Documents or of (ii) ETF Units initiated by an investor in such ETF Units that is 
consistent w ith the ETF Documents; or 
E.  
any other event that may have a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant ETPs or quantity of 
ETPs or of the relevant ETFs or quantity of ETF Units; 
the Calculation Agent may adjust any relevant terms of the Warrants to preserve the economic equivalent of the obligations of  the 
Issuer under the Warrants. 
3.2 
Extraordinary Events and consequences 
Upon the occurrence or likely occurrence, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of any of the follow ing events (each an 
Extraordinary Event) on or after the Issue Date: 
A. 
Change in Law means that (a) due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law  or regulation (including, w ithout 
limitation, any law  or regulation in respect of tax, solvency or capital requirements), or (b) due to the promulgation of or any 
change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority w ith competent jurisdiction of any applicable law  or 
regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), the Calculation Agent determines in good faith that (x) it has  
become illegal for a Hypothetical Investor to hold, acquire or dispose of the Hypothetical Hedge Positions or Optional 
Hypothetical Hedge Positions (including the relevant ETPs or the relevant ETF Units), 
or, in each case, it has become illegal to maintain the agreement entered into by Societe Generale and/or any of its affiliates 
w ith the ETP Issuer or the ETF or an ETP advisor mentioned in "Breach or Termination of Agreement" in (B) below  or an 
ETF Service Provider mentioned in "Breach or Termination of Agreement" in (B) below , or (y) Societe Generale and/or any 
of its affiliates w ill incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations under such Warrants or the agreement 
entered into by Societe Generale or any of its affiliates or the Issuer of the Warrants w ith the ETP Issuer or the ETF or the  
ETP advisor or an ETF Service Provider mentioned in "Breach or Termination of Agreement" in (B) below  (including, w ithout 
limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position); 
B. 
Breach or Termination of Agreement means: 
any failure by the ETP Issuer or an ETP advisor or by the ETF or an ETF Service Provider, in both cases as the case may 
be, to comply w ith or perform any agreement entered into by the ETP or an ETP advisor or by the ETF or an ETF Service 
Provider w ith Societe Generale and/or any of its affiliates, defining the terms and conditions at w hich Societe Generale and/or 
any of its affiliates may make subscriptions and/or redemptions in the ETPs or in the ETF Units (as the case may be, different 
from the subscriptions and redemptions terms then prevailing pursuant to the ETP Documents or pursuant to the ETF 
Documents, as relevant), including as the case may be the rebates of management fees to be paid to Societe Generale 
and/or any of its affiliates, the termination of such agreement by the ETP Issuer or an ETP advisor or by the ETF or an ETF 
Service Provider for reasons beyond the control of Societe Generale or its affiliates or the failing or ceasing of such 
agreement to be in full force and effect or the ETP Issuer or the ETP advisor or the ETF or the ETF Service Provider 
disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates or rejects in w hole or in part or challenges the validity of such agreement; 
C. 
(x) In respect of an ETP Linked Warrant, Closure of the ETP Issuer means liquidation, w inding up or dissolution of the ETP 
Issuer for any reason other than those mentioned in (F) or (K) below  and (y) in respect of an ETF Linked Warrant, Closure 
of the ETF means liquidation, w inding up or dissolution of the ETF for any reason other than those mentioned in (F) or (K) 
below ;

--- Page 674 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for ETP Linked Warrants and for ETF Linked Warrants 
 
674 
 
D. 
(x) in respect of an ETP Linked Warrants, ETP advisor assets Event means that the Calculation Agent determines that 
over a period of tw elve months, the total value of the assets managed by the ETP advisor (including the ETP Issuer) has 
decreased by 50 per cent.(either due to redemptions or decrease in value of such assets) and (y) in respect of an ETF Linked 
Warrants, ETF Adviser Event means that the Calculation Agent determines that over a period of tw elve months, the total 
value of the assets managed by the ETF Adviser (including the ETF) has decreased by 50 per cent.(either due to redemptions 
or decrease in value of such assets); 
E. 
(x) in respect of an ETP Linked Warrant, ETP Hedging Disruption means that a Hypothetical Investor is unable or it is 
impractical for a Hypothetical Investor, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, 
substitute, maintain, unw ind or dispose of any Hypothetical Hedge Positions or Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions or 
Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions or (b) realize, recover or remit the proceeds of any such Hypothetical Hedge 
Positions, w ithout limitation, w here such inability or impracticability has arisen by reason of (i) the restriction on the amount 
or number of redemptions or subscriptions that the ETP Issuer (or the ETP advisor or agent generally in charge of accepting 
the redemption or subscriptions orders) w ill accept in relation to a single date on w hich the ETP Issuer normally accepts 
redemption orders (a gate), (ii) the suspension for any reason of the subscription or redemption orders by the ETP Issuer (or 
the ETP advisor or agent generally in charge of accepting the subscription and redemption orders), or (iii) the postponement 
of the payment of the balance of redemption proceeds to a date occurring after the financial statements of the ETP Issuer 
have been review ed by the ETP Issuer’s statutory auditors (holdback), or increase in charges or fees imposed by the relevant 
ETP Issuer or (iv) any mandatory redemption, in w hole or in part, of such ETP imposed by the relevant ETP Issuer, in each 
case w hether these events are imposed by the ETP Issuer w ithout being envisaged in the ETP Documents on the Issue 
Date of the Warrants or are already envisaged by the ETP Documents on the Issue Date of the Warrants and are solely 
implemented by the ETP Issuer after such date and (y) in respect of an ETF Linked Warrant, "ETF Hedging Disruption" 
means that a Hypothetical Investor is unable or it is impractical for a Hypothetical Investor, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unw ind or dispose of any Hypothetical Hedge 
Positions or (b) realize, recover or remit the proceeds of any such Hypothetical Hedge Positions or Optional Hypothetical 
Hedge Positions, in each case w hether these events are imposed by the ETF w ithout being envisaged in the ETF Documents 
on the Issue Date or are already envisaged by the ETF Documents on the Issue Date and are solely implemented by the 
ETF after such date; 
F. 
in respect of any ETP, provided that this event is applicable to the ETP Issuer only, an ETP Issuer Insolvency Event and 
in respect of any ETF, an ETF Insolvency Event means that the related ETP Issuer or such ETF, as the case may be : (a) 
is dissolved or has a resolution passed for its dissolution, w inding-up, official liquidation (other than pursuant to a 
consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (b) makes a general assignment or arrangement w ith or for the benefit of its 
creditors, (c) (i) institutes or has instituted against it, by a regulator, supervisor or any similar official w ith primary insolvency, 
rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization or the jurisdiction of its 
head or home office, a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy 
or insolvency law  or other similar law  affecting creditors’ rights, or a petition is presented for its w inding-up or liquidation by 
it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official, or (ii) has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency 
or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law  or other similar law  affecting creditors’ rights, or a 
petition is presented for its w inding-up or liquidation, and such proceeding or petition is instituted or presented by a person 
or entity not described in clause (i) above and either (x) results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an 
order for relief or the making of an order for its w inding-up or liquidation or (y) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or 
restrained in each case w ithin fifteen days of the institution or presentation thereof; (d) seeks or becomes subject to the 
appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it 
or for all or substantially all its assets; (e) has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a 
distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or substantially 
all of its assets and such secured party maintains possession, or any such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or 
restrained, in each case w ithin fifteen days thereafter; or (f) causes or is subject to any event w ith respect to it w hich, under 
the applicable law s of any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in clauses (a) through (f) above; 
provided that in the case of an ETP Linked Warrant, this event is applicable to the ETP Issuer only. 
G. 
(x) in respect of an ETP Linked Warrant, ETP Issuer Modification means any change or modification of the related ETP 
Documents prevailing on the Issue Date of the Warrants, that could reasonably be expected to affect the value of such ETP 
or the rights or remedies of any holders thereof (including but not limited to an open-ended ETP that becomes a closed-end 
ETP), as determined by the Calculation Agent and (y) in respect of an ETF Linked Warrant, ETF Modification means any

--- Page 675 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for ETP Linked Warrants and for ETF Linked Warrants 
 
675 
 
change or modification of the related ETF Documents prevailing on the Issue Date of the Warrants, that could reasonably 
be expected to affect the value of such ETF or the rights or remedies of any holders thereof, as determined by the Calculatio n 
Agent; 
H. 
(x) in respect of an ETP Linked Warrant, ETP advisor Event means (a) a change, resignation, termination or replacement 
of any ETP advisor, (b) a change of control or indirect control of any ETP advisor, (c) any of the ETP advisor is subject to an 
ETP advisor Insolvency Event, w here "ETP advisor Insolvency Event" has the same meaning as ETP Issuer Insolvency 
Event described in (F) above, except that ETP Issuer is replaced by ETP advisor or (d) in the reasonable opinion of the 
Calculation Agent, any of the ETP advisors is no longer deemed able to carry out its business w ith the standard of  care 
w hich w as prevailing on the Issue Date or the resignation, termination, replacement, or death of any person deemed to be 
key in the management of the ETP Issuer has occurred and (y) in respect of an ETF Linked Warrants, ETF Service Provider 
Event means (a) a change, resignation, termination or replacement of any ETF Service Provider, (b) a change of control or 
indirect control of any ETF Service Provider, (c) any of the ETF Service Provider is subject to an ETF Service Provider 
Insolvency Event, w here "ETF Service Provider Insolvency Event" has the same meaning as ETF Insolvency Event 
described in (F) above, except that ETF is replaced by ETF Service Provider or (d) in the reasonable opinion of the 
Calculation Agent, any of the ETF Service Providers is no longer deemed able to carry out its business w ith the standard of 
care w hich w as prevailing on the Issue Date or the resignation, termination, replacement, or death of any person deemed to 
be key in the management of the ETF has occurred; 
I. 
Holding Ratio means the reduction of the ETP’s aggregate value or the reduction of the ETF’s aggregate net asset value 
under an amount that, in the reasonable opinion of the Calculation Agent, has, or is likely to have, a significant effect on the 
management conditions of the ETP or the ETF, as the case may be, and/or its operating expenses or w ould increase the 
proportion of ETPs or ETF Units held, or likely to be held, by a Hypothetical Investor, or any funds managed by Societe 
Generale and/or any of its affiliates, to such extent that the full redemption in one single Valid Order of the ETPs or of the 
ETF Units held by a Hypothetical Investor or funds managed by the same, is likely to be impaired; 
J. 
Increased Cost of Hedging means that a Hypothetical Investor w ould incur a materially increased (as compared w ith 
circumstances existing on the Issue Date of the Warrants) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage 
commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unw ind or dispose of any Hypothetical Hedge 
Positions or Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions or (b) realize, recover or remit the proceeds of any such Hypothetical 
Hedge Positions or Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions, provided that, assuming the Hypothetical Investor is Societe 
Generale or any of its affiliates, any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the 
creditw orthiness of the Societe Generale or any of its affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging; 
K. 
Insolvency means that by reason of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, insolvency, dissolution or 
w inding-up of or any analogous proceeding affecting an ETP Issuer or an ETF, (a) all the ETPs of that ETP Issuer or all the 
ETF Units of that ETF, as the case may be, are required to be transferred to a trustee, liquidator or other similar official or 
(b) holders of the ETPs of that ETP Issuer or holders of the ETF Units of that ETF become legally prohibited from transferring 
or redeeming them; 
L. 
in respect of ETP only, Liquidity Modification means that the ETP Issuer modifies the terms and conditions at w hich 
subscription and/or redemption orders can be submitted or are settled by the ETP Issuer as provided in the ETP Documents 
as of the Issue Date of the Warrants or implements a modification of the conditions at w hich subscription and/or redemption 
orders can be submitted or are settled by the ETP Issuer regardless as to w hether the principle of such modification was 
already envisaged in the ETP Documents as of the Issue Date of the Warrants; 
M. 
Merger Event means the conversion of the ETP into another class of ETPs or securities or the conversion of the ETF Units 
into another class of funds units or securities, or the split of the ETP Issuer or of the ETF, its consolidation or its merger w ith, 
or its sale or its conveyance of all or substantially all its assets to, a third party; 
N. 
in respect of ETF only, Nationalization means that all the ETF Units or all or substantially all the assets of an ETF are 
nationalised, expropriated or are otherw ise required to be transferred to any governmental agency, authority, entity or 
instrumentality thereof; 
O. 
Regulatory Action means, w ith respect to any ETP or any ETF, (a) cancellation, suspension or revocation of the registration 
or approval of such ETP or the related ETP Issuer or of such ETF by any governmental, legal or regulatory entity w ith

--- Page 676 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for ETP Linked Warrants and for ETF Linked Warrants 
 
676 
 
authority over such ETP or ETP Issuer or over such ETF Units or ETF Service Provider, as the case may be, (b) any change 
in the legal, tax, accounting, or regulatory treatments of the relevant ETP Issuer or its ETP advisor or of the relevant ETF or 
its ETF Service Provider that is reasonably likely to have an adverse impact on the value of such ETP or of such ETF or on 
any investor therein (as determined by the Calculation Agent), or (c) the related ETP Issuer or any of its ETP advisor or suc h 
ETF or any of its ETF Service Provider, becoming subject to any investigation, proceeding or litigation by any relevant 
governmental, legal or regulatory authority involving the alleged violation of applicable law  for any activities relating to or 
resulting from the operation of such ETP Issuer or ETP advisor or of such ETP or ETF Service Provider; 
P. 
Reporting Disruption means, in respect of any ETP or any ETF, any failure of the related ETP Issuer or of such ETF to 
deliver, or cause to be delivered, (a) information that such ETP Issuer or such ETF has agreed to deliver, or cause to be 
delivered to a Hypothetical Investor or (b) information that has been previously delivered to a Hypothetical Investor in 
accordance w ith such ETP Issuer or w ith such ETF, or its authorized representative’s, normal practice and that the 
Calculation Agent deems necessary to monitor such ETP Issuer’s compliance or such ETF’s compliance w ith any investment 
guidelines, asset allocation methodologies or any other similar policies relating to such ETPs or relating to such ETF, as the 
case may be; 
Q. 
Strategy Breach means (a) any breach or violation of any strategy or investment guidelines stated in the related ETP 
Documents or in the related ETF Documents, that is reasonably likely to affect the value of the ETPs or of the ETF or the 
rights or remedies of any holders thereof, in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent or (b) any material 
modification, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of the risk profile of the ETP Issuer or of the ETF from its risk profile 
prevailing on the Issue Date of the Warrants by reason of, but not limited to, the modification of the proportions, or reduction 
of diversification, of the type of assets in w hich the ETP Issuer or the ETF invests or a reduction of the average liquidity of 
the assets of the ETP Issuer or of the ETF; 
R. 
In respect of an ETF only, Delisting Event means that such ETF (a) ceases to be listed, traded or publicly quoted on the 
relevant Exchange or listing compartment of the relevant Exchange (for any reason other than a Merger Event or a Tender 
Offer) and is not immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on an exchange or quotation system located in the same 
country as the Exchange (or w here the Exchange is w ithin the European Union, in any Member State of the European Union) 
or (b) has its listing, trading or public quotation maintained in inappropriate conditions in the opinion of the Calculation Agent 
(such conditions to include, w ithout limitation, a lack of liquidity or the disappearance of the relevant futures and/or option 
contract of the relevant ETF); 
S. 
Holding Limit Event as defined pursuant to the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants , 
T. 
FRTB Event means in respect of any Fund Unit that, from 1 January 2023, the related ETF Service Provider or ETP Issuer 
(a) does not make publicly available on a voluntary basis or as the case may be, as required by applicable law s and 
regulations, the FRTB Information and (b) in breach of a bilateral agreement w ith Societe Generale, if any, does not provide 
Societe Generale w ith the FRTB Information and as a consequence, Societe Generale or any of its affiliates w ould incur 
materially increased (as compared w ith circumstances existing on the issue date of the Warrants) capital requirements 
pursuant to the Fundamental Review  of the trading Book as implemented into French law , in holding the ETP or ETF, 
U. 
w here FRTB Information means sufficient information, including relevant sensitivities, in a processable format to enable 
Societe Generale, as a holder the ETP or ETF, to calculate its market risk in relation thereto as if it w ere holding directly the 
assets of the ETF fund or ETP Issuer; "processable format" means that the format of such information can be readily used 
by Societe Generale by using the existing functionality of a softw are or application commonly used by financial institutions 
to compute its market risk as described above, 
then the Calculation Agent may: 
(AA) 
(i) 
consider such Extraordinary Event as an event triggering an early termination of the Warrants (hereafter, an Early 
Termination Event). In this case, the Issuer shall terminate its obligations under the Warrants and pay or deliver, 
as the case may be, as soon as possible after the Early Termination Event, (i) in the case of Cash Settled Warrants, 
an amount equal to the Early Termination Settlement Amount on the basis of Market Value as defined in Condition 
[5.5]/[5.5] of the General Terms and Conditions of the Warrants or (ii), in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants, 
subject to payment of the Exercise Price divided, if applicable, by the Parity, the Early Termination Physical Delivery

--- Page 677 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for ETP Linked Warrants and for ETF Linked Warrants 
 
677 
 
Amount determined in accordance w ith Condition [5.5]/[5.5] of the General Term and Conditions of the Warrants; 
or 
(ii) 
only in case of Liquidity Modification, (a) consider such event as an Early Termination Event and may decide to 
pay, in full or in part, the Early Termination Settlement Amount by the delivery of the ETP in lieu of its obligations to 
pay the Early Termination Settlement Amount in cash; or (b) if Liquidity Modification is continuing on the last 
Valuation Date and the Calculation Agent did not consider such event as an Early Termination Event may decide 
to pay, in full or in part, the Settlement Amount by the delivery of the ETP in lieu of its obligations to pay the 
Settlement Amount in cash; 
(BB)  
in the case of Merger Event above only, replace the ETP or the ETF Units by the kind and number of units or other securities 
and property receivable on such conversion, split, consolidation, merger, sale or conveyance by a holder of ETPs or  of ETF 
Units, as the case may be, prior to such conversion, split, consolidation, merger, sale or conveyance for the purposes of 
determining the value of the ETP or of the ETF and make any adjustment (if necessary) to the value of such ETP or of such 
ETF; or 
(CC) 
apply any of the follow ing methods: 
(a) 
Monetisation until the Expiration Date (as defined in Condition [5.8]/[5.8] of the General Terms and Conditions), or 
(b) 
(x) in respect of an ETP Linked Warrant, substitute the ETP affected by the Extraordinary Event (the Affected ETP) 
w ith an ETP (the New ETP) having an investment strategy and/or an economic payout similar to the investment 
strategy and/or the economic payout of the Affected ETP and adjust any relevant terms of the Warrants to preserve 
the economic equivalent of the obligations of the Issuer under the Warrants; or (y) in respect of an ETF Linked 
Warrant, Substitution and the Calculation Agent shall (i) identify an exchange traded fund (the Substitute ETF) 
having an investment strategy similar to the investment strategy of the ETF affected by the Extraordinary Event (the 
Affected ETF) and (ii) may adjust any relevant terms of the Warrants to preserve the economic equivalent of the 
obligations of the Issuer under the Warrants. 
For information purposes, it is understood that in all cases described herein w here an ETP or an ETF is substituted, on any date "t", 
w ith a New  ETP or a Substitute ETF, the value of the relevant component in the formula used to determine the amount to be paid as 
described in the applicable Final Terms, shall not be affected by the substitution on such date "t" in respect of the New  ETP or of the 
Substitute ETF and w ould mean the closing price of such New  ETP on the relevant Exchange on the date "t" is w eighted by an 
appropriate linking coefficient so that it is equal to the closing price of the Affected ETP or of the Affected ETF on such date "t". 
or only in the case of Increased Cost of Hedging: 
XX. 
deduct: 
(i) 
in the case of Cash Settled Warrants, deduct (a) from the Optional Early Settlement Amount, Event-linked Early Settlement 
Amount, Early Trigger Level Settlement Amount or the Early Termination Settlement Amount (if any) due under the Warrants, 
as the case may be, on the payment date of the Optional Early Settlement Amount, Event-linked Early Settlement Amount, 
Early Trigger Level Settlement Amount or Early Termination Settlement Amount (if any) and (b) in the absence of any 
Optional Early Settlement Amount, Event-linked Early Settlement Amount, Early Trigger Level Settlement Amount or Early 
Termination Settlement Amount in respect of the Warrants, from the Cash Settlement Amount due on the Settlement Date, 
in each case after the occurrence of the Increased Cost of Hedging, the amount of any new , or any increase of, any tax, 
duty, expense or fee, that triggered the occurrence of the Increased Cost of Hedging incurred by Societe Generale or any of 
its affiliates in relation to the Hypothetical Hedge Positions hedging the payment obligations of the Issuer under the Warrants, 
such amount to be apportioned pro rata amongst the outstanding Warrants (such reduction being the Reduction Amount 
and the result of such deduction being floored at zero); or 
(ii) 
in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants, any Physical Delivery Amount, Event-Linked Early Settlement Price, Early 
Termination Physical Delivery Amount or Early Trigger Level Physical Delivery Amount w hich is calculated in connection 
w ith the Warrants shall be reduced by the Reduction Amount (subject to a floor of zero); or 
Or only in case of FRTB Event:

--- Page 678 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for ETP Linked Warrants and for ETF Linked Warrants 
 
678 
 
YY. 
Substitute the Affected ETP or the Affected ETF w ith the Substitute Index (an Index Substitution Event), w here Substitute 
Index means an Index determined by the Calculation Agent as being similar to the benchmark of the Affected ETP or the 
Affected ETF, or, in the absence of benchmark for the Affected ETP or the Affected ETF as having an investment strategy 
similar to the investment strategy of the Affected ETP or the Affected ETF. Follow ing the occurrence of the Index Substitution 
Event, the Warrants shall be governed by the Additional Terms and Conditions for Index Linked Warrants for any aspect in 
relation w ith the Substitute Index. 
3.3 
Disruption Events relating to any ETP Issuer and/or any ETP 
Upon the occurrence or the likely occurrence, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of any of the follow ing events (each a 
Disruption Event) in respect of a Valuation Date (the Disrupted Day) and in respect of an ETP Issuer or ETP: 
A. 
Calculation and/or Publication Disruption means the occurrence of an event, beyond the control of a Hypothetical Investor 
(including in case of any gate, deferral, suspension or other provisions in the ETP Documents permitting the ETP Issuer to 
delay or refuse subscription and/or redemption orders) w hich precludes the calculation and/or publication of the official ETP 
Value by the ETP Issuer (or the ETP advisor or agent generally in charge of calculating such official ETP Value); or  
B. 
ETP Settlement Disruption means a failure by the ETP Issuer to pay in cash the full amount of the redemption proceeds 
on the date by w hich the ETP Issuer w as scheduled to have paid such amount and w hich, in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, makes it impossible or impracticable for the Calculation Agent to determine the Closing Price, including 
w ithout limitation due to (a) the restriction on the amount or number of redemptions orders that the ETP Issuer (or the ETP 
advisor or agent generally in charge of accepting redemption orders) w ill accept in relation to a single date on w hich the ETP 
Issuer normally accepts redemption orders (a gate), (b) the suspension for any reason of the subscription or redemption 
orders by the ETP Issuer (or the ETP advisor or agent generally in charge of accepting subscription and redemption orders); 
C. 
ETP Determination Disruption Event means the occurrence of any event (beyond the control of a Hypothetical Investor) 
other than the events mentioned in "Calculation and/or Publication Disruption" in (A) above or "ETP Settlement Disruption" 
in (B) above affecting such ETP w hich, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, makes it impossible or impracticable 
for the Calculation Agent to determine the Closing Price, 
the Valuation Date, in respect of the ETP affected by such Disruption Event, shall be postponed to the immediately follow ing Business 
Day (as specified to be applicable in relation to such Valuation Date in the applicable Final Terms) that is no longer affected by a 
Disruption Event for such affected ETP. 
If a Disruption Event has occurred or is continuing on each of the five scheduled Business Days, follow ing the Scheduled Valuation 
Date or if no Business Day, that is not affected by a Disruption Event has occurred at the latest on the thirty-fifth calendar day follow ing 
the Scheduled Valuation Date, then the Calculation Agent may either: 
X. 
(i) determine its good faith estimate of the ETP Value w hich shall be deemed to be the Closing Price in respect of such 
Valuation Date provided that if the Calculation Agent decides to make such determination, the Valuation Date shall occur no 
later than (a) the earlier of the Expiration Date and (b) the fourth Business Day before the date of any payment to be made 
under the Warrants on the basis of such determination (except in respect of Uncertificated Nordic Warrants for w hich the 
determination shall be made pursuant to the provisions below "); or 
(ii) only in case of ETP Settlement Disruption, 
(a) consider such event as an Early Termination Event and may decide to pay, in full or in part, the Early Termination Settlement 
Amount by the delivery of the ETP in lieu of its obligations to pay the Early Termination Settlement Amount in cash; or (b) if Liquidity 
Modification or ETP Settlement Disruption is continuing on the last Valuation Date and the Calculation Agent did not consider such 
event as an Early Termination Event may decide to pay, in full or in part, the Settlement Amount by the delivery of the ETP in lieu of 
its obligations to pay the Settlement Amount in cash; or 
Y. 
consider such Disruption Event as an event triggering an early termination of the Warrants (hereafter, an Early Termination 
Event). In that case, the Issuer shall terminate its obligations under the Warrants and pay or deliver, as the case may be, as 
soon as possible after the Early Termination Event, (i) in the case of Cash Settled Warrants, an amount equal to the Early 
Termination Settlement Amount on the basis of Market Value as defined in Condition [5.5]/[5.5] of the General Terms and

--- Page 679 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for ETP Linked Warrants and for ETF Linked Warrants 
 
679 
 
Conditions of the Warrants or (ii), in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants, subject to payment of the Exercise Price divided, 
if applicable, by the Parity, the Early Termination Physical Delivery Amount determined in accordance w ith Condition 
[5.5]/[5.5] of the General Term and Conditions of the Warrants; or 
Z. 
apply one of the follow ing methods: 
(a) 
Monetisation until the Expiration Date (as defined in Condition [5.8]/[5.8] of the General Terms and Conditions), or 
(b) 
substitute the ETP affected by such Disruption Event w ith an ETP having an investment strategy and/or an 
economic payout similar to the investment strategy and/or the economic payout of the ETP affected by such 
Disruption Event (the New ETP) and adjust any relevant terms of the Warrants to preserve the economic equivalent 
of the obligations of the Issuer under the Warrants. 
Notw ithstanding the foregoing, a Valuation Date or an Averaging Date (postponed as the case may be pursuant to the provisions  
above) shall occur not later than : 
 
the earlier of (i) the Expiration Date and (ii) the fourth Business Day before the date of any payment to be made under the 
Warrants on the basis of determinations made on such Valuation Date or Averaging Date; if a Valuation Date or an Averaging 
Date (postponed as the case may be pursuant to the provisions above) w ould fall less than the earlier of (i) the Expiration 
Date and (ii) the fourth Business Day prior to the date of any payment to be made under the Warrants on the basis of 
determinations made on such Valuation Date or Averaging Date, then the earlier of (i) the Expiration Date and (ii) that fourth 
Business Day shall be deemed the Valuation Date or Averaging Date and the Calculation Agent shall make, on that day the 
determinations described in (B) above at the latest as of the Valuation Time on the earlier of (i) the Expiration Date and (ii) 
such fourth Business Day and the good faith estimate of the value of the ETP so calculated shall be deemed the Closing  
Price, 
provided however that: 
 
all references to the w ord "fourth" above may be deemed to be a reference to another time limit as determined by the 
Calculation Agent pursuant to rules applicable to the relevant Clearing System. 
For the purposes of this Condition 3.3, Clearing System means the clearing system through w hich the Warrants are cleared and 
settled, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
3.4 
Settlement Disruption Event relating to any ETP Issuer and/or any ETP 
Upon the occurrence or the likely occurrence, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of a Settlement Disruption Event: 
A. 
the Issuer shall consider such event as an event triggering an early termination of the Warrants (hereafter, an Early 
Termination Event). In that case w here an Early Termination Event occurs, the Issuer shall terminate its obligations under 
the Warrants and pay or deliver, as the case may be, (i) in the case of Cash Settled Warrants, an amount equal to the Early 
Termination Settlement Amount on the basis of Market Value as defined in Condition [5.5]/[5.5] of the General Terms and 
Conditions of the Warrants or (ii), in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants, subject to payment of the Exercise Price divided, 
if applicable, by the Parity, the Early Termination Physical Delivery Amount determined in accordance w ith Condition 
[5.5]/[5.5] of the General Term and Conditions of the Warrants; or 
B. 
apply Monetisation until the Expiration Date (as defined above).

--- Page 680 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Non Equity Security Linked Warrants 
 
680 
 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR NON EQUITY SECURITY LINKED WARRANTS 
The provisions of these Additional Terms and Conditions for Non Equity Security Linked Warrants apply if the applicable Final Terms 
specify that the clause "Type of Structured Warrants" is stated as being "Non Equity Secuirty Linked Warrants". 
1. 
GENERAL DEFINITIONS 
Applicable Hedge Positions means, at any time, Hedge Positions that Societe Generale or any of its affiliates determines that a 
Hypothetical Investor, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, w ould consider necessary to hedge the Warrants at that time. 
Basket means a basket composed of the Non Equity Securities (each an Underlying) in the relative proportions or numbers of Non 
Equity Securities specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Closing Price means: 
(a) 
in respect of a Non Equity Security being a note, a certificate or an over-the-counter derivative product, the fair market value 
of such Non Equity Security, as determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner; 
(b) 
in respect of a Non Equity Security being an option contract or any other instrument negotiated on an organised market, the 
official settlement price (how ever described under the rules of the relevant related exchange or its clearing house) of such 
option contract published by the related exchange or its clearing house and adjusted (if applicable) pursuant to the provisions 
of Condition 2.1 below . 
Hedge Positions means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance, by Societe Generale or any of its affiliate, of one or more (a) 
positions or contracts in securities, options, futures, derivatives, interest rate transactions or foreign exchange transactions, (b) 
securities lending/borrow ing transactions, (c) any cash deposits or cash borrow ing and/or (d) other instruments, arrangements, assets 
or liabilities how soever described in order to hedge, individually or on a portfolio basis, the part of Societe Generale or any of its 
affiliates’ obligation under the Warrants or any agreement entered into w ith Societe Generale or any of its affiliates by the Issuer in 
relation to the Warrants. 
Holding Limit Event as defined pursuant to the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants. 
Hypothetical Investor means a hypothetical institutional investor not resident in (a) the applicable Relevant Jurisdiction, Local 
Jurisdiction and/or the Tax Residence Jurisdiction for the purposes of the tax law s and regulations of the Relevant Jurisdiction, Local 
Jurisdiction and/or the Tax Residence Jurisdiction, as applicable; or (b) a jurisdiction w here any refund, credit or any other benefit,  
exemption or reduction in relation to any Local Taxes may arise under an applicable tax treaty or any relevant law s or arrangements. 
Intraday Price means, in respect of a Non Equity Security being an option contract or any other instrument negotiated on an organised 
market, the price or level of such Non Equity Security at any time during a trading session published by the related ex change or its 
clearing house, including the Closing Price. 
Local Jurisdiction means, in respect of a Non Equity Securities, the jurisdiction in w hich the relevant Exchange is located. 
Local Taxes means, in respect of a Non Equity Securities, taxes, duties and similar charges (in each case, including interest and 
penalties thereon) imposed by the taxing authority in any jurisdiction, that w ould be w ithheld from or paid or otherw ise incurred by a 
Hypothetical Investor in connection w ith any Applicable Hedge Positions, excluding any corporate income taxes levied on the overall 
net income of the Hypothetical Investor. 
Non Equity Security means a note, a certificate, an over-the-counter derivative product, an option contract or any other instrument 
negotiated on an organised market (or the notes, the certificates, the over-the-counter derivative products, the option contracts or any 
other instrument negotiated on an organised market in case of a Basket), specified as Underlying in the applicable Final Terms, 
subject to adjustments pursuant to the provisions of Condition 2.1 below . 
Relevant Jurisdiction means, in respect of a Non Equity Securities, the relevant authorities in the jurisdiction of incorporation or 
organisation of the issuer of any component security.

--- Page 681 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Non Equity Security Linked Warrants 
 
681 
 
Tax Residence Jurisdiction means, in respect of a Non Equity Securities, the Local Jurisdiction or any jurisdiction of tax residence 
of the issuer and in respect of a Non Equity Securities, the Local Jurisdiction or any jurisdiction of tax residence of any issuer of a 
component security. 
Valuation Date means any date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
2. 
ADJUSTMENTS AND EXTRAORDINARY EVENTS – HEDGING DISRUPTION, INCREASED COST OF HEDGING AND 
CONSEQUENCES – CHANGE IN LAW AND CONSEQUENCES 
2.1 
Adjustments and Extraordinary Events 
In case of the occurrence at any time on or prior to the last Valuation Date of (i) the material or substantial modifications  of the 
conditions of any Non Equity Security or (ii) any event or any change affecting any Non Equity Security or (iii) a Holding Limit Event 
in respect of any Non Equity Security or issuance of Non Equity Security, as applicable, (in each case, the Affected Non Equity 
Security) (such as but not limited to definitive interruption of quotation of this Affected Non Equity Security or termination of the 
obligations of the Issuer of this Affected Non Equity Security under the Affected Non Equity Security for any reason, including the 
early redemption of the Affected Non Equity Security) and that (in the case of (i) or (ii)), in the reasonable opinion of the Calculation 
Agent, is likely to have a significant effect on the value of the Affected Non Equity Security, then, the Calculation Agent may: 
(1) 
adjust any terms of the Warrants, it determines appropriate, in order to take into account the economic effect on the Warrants 
of such event; or 
(2) 
substitute the Affected Non Equity Security w ith a new  underlying asset; 
(3) 
consider such event as an event triggering the termination of the Warrants (a Termination Event), in w hich case the 
Calculation Agent shall determine, in good faith, the fair market value of theWarrants and an early termination of the 
Warrants. In that case, the Issuer shall terminate its obligations under the Warrants and shall pay to each Warrantholder, as 
soon as possible after the occurrenceor cause to be paid (i) in the case of Warrants that are Cash Settled Warrants, an 
amount equal to the Early Termination Settlement Amount on the basis of Market Value as defined in Condition [5.5]/[5.5] of 
the General Terms and Conditions or (ii) in the case of Warrants that are Physical Delivery Warrants, subject to payment of 
the Exercise Price divided, if applicable, by the Parity, the Early Termination Physical Delivery Amount determined in 
accordance w ith Condition [5.5]/[5.5] of the General Terms and Conditions; or 
(4) 
apply the Monetisation until the Expiration Date (as defined in Condition [5.8]/[5.8] of the General Terms and Conditions). 
2.2 
Change in law, Hedging Disruption, Increased Cost of Hedging and consequences 
Change in Law, Hedging Disruption, Holding Limit Event and Insolvency Filing have the meanings given to them in the Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants. 
In case of the occurrence of a Change in Law , a Hedging Disruption or an Increased Cost of Hedging relating to a Non Equity Security 
(the Affected Underlying), the Calculation Agent may apply the adjustments as specified in the Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Structured Warrants.

--- Page 682 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Future Linked Warrants 
 
682 
 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUTURE LINKED WARRANTS 
The provisions of these Additional Terms and Conditions for Future Linked Warrants apply if in the applicable Final Terms the clause 
“Type of Structured Warrants” is stated as being "Future Linked Warrants” (the Future Linked Warrants). 
References in these Additional Terms and Conditions for Future Linked Warrants to a "Condition" or "these Additional Terms and 
Conditions" shall be construed as a reference to the relevant conditions in these Additional Terms and Conditions for Future Linked 
Warrants unless otherw ise specified herein. 
1. 
GENERAL DEFINITIONS 
Active Future Contract means the Future specified as such in the applicable Final Terms if "Roll Adjustment" is stated as being 
Applicable in the applicable Final Terms. 
Applicable Hedge Positions means, at any time, Hedge Positions that Societe Generale or any of its affiliates determines that a 
Hypothetical Investor, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, w ould consider necessary to hedge the Future Linked Warrants 
at that time. 
Averaging Date means, in respect of a Valuation Date and a Future, each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms for 
the purpose of determining an average (or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next follow ing Scheduled Trading Day) 
unless such day is a Disrupted Day in w hich case it shall be postponed pursuant to the provisions of Condition 2 below . 
Basket means, a basket composed of the Futures (each an Underlying) in the relative proportions or numbers of Futures specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
Clearing System means the clearing system through w hich the Future Linked Warrants are cleared and settled, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Closing Price means, in respect of a Future, the Daily Settlement Price of such Future on the relevant Exchange, as adjusted (if 
applicable) pursuant to the provisions of Condition 3 below  or, if Roll Adjustment is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Daily Settlement Price multiplied by the Quantity Factor as determined by the Calculation Agent 
Daily Fixing Time means the official time on w hich the Daily Settlement Price of the Future is computed by the Exchange. For the 
avoidance of doubt, w hen the Daily Settlement Price is computed by the Exchange on a period of one or several minutes, the Daily 
Fixing Time w ill correspond to the end of this period. 
Daily Settlement Price means, in respect of a Future, the official daily settlement price, determined under the rules of the applicable 
Exchange at the Daily Fixing Time. 
Disrupted Day means, in respect of a Future (or, in the case of a Basket of Futures, in respect of any Future comprising the Basket 
and observed separately), any Scheduled Trading Day on w hich a Market Disruption Event has occurred. 
Exchange(s) means, in respect of a Future, the corresponding exchange or quotation system specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
or any successor exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to w hich trading in the Future, has 
temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to such Future, 
on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Exchange). 
Exchange Business Day means, in respect of a Future (or, in the case of a Basket of Futures, in respect of any Future comprising 
the Basket and observed separately) any Scheduled Trading Day on w hich each relevant Exchange and Related Exchange are open 
for trading during their respective regular trading sessions, notw ithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to 
its Scheduled Closing Time. 
Expiry Date means, in respect of a Future, the expiry date (or month if such information is sufficient to identify the Future) of such 
Future, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 683 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Future Linked Warrants 
 
683 
 
Fixing Active Future Contract(i) means in respect of a Scheduled Trading Day, the Daily Settlement Price of the Active Future 
Contract. 
Fixing Next Active Future Contract(i) means in respect of a Scheduled Trading Day, the Daily Settlement Price of the Next Active 
Future Contract. 
Future(s) means a future contract, w hich is a standardized contract traded on the relevant Exchange specified as Underlying in the 
applicable Final Terms, subject to (i) adjustment pursuant to the provisions of Condition 3.1 below  and/or (ii) Roll Adjustment if "Roll 
Adjustment" is stated as being Applicable in the applicable Final Terms. 
Future End Time means, the time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or if no such time is specified therein, the Scheduled 
Closing Time. 
Future Start Time means, the time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or if no such time is specified therein, the 
Scheduled Opening Time. 
Future Underlier means, in respect of a Future, the asset(s), rate(s), index(indices) or reference(s) underlying such Future, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Hedge Positions means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance, by Societe Generale or any of its affiliate, of one or more (a) 
positions or contracts in securities, options, futures, derivatives, interest rate transactions or foreign exchange transactions, (b) 
securities lending/borrow ing transactions, (c) any cash deposits or cash borrow ing and/or (d) other instruments, arrangements , assets 
or liabilities how soever described in order to hedge, individually or on a portfolio basis, the part of Societe Generale or any of its 
affiliates’ obligation under the Future Linked Warrants or any agreement entered into w ith Societe Generale or any of its aff iliates by 
the Issuer in relation to the Future Linked Warrants. 
Hypothetical Investor means a hypothetical institutional investor not resident in (a) the applicable Relevant Jurisdiction, Local 
Jurisdiction and/or the Tax Residence Jurisdiction for the purposes of the tax law s and regulations of the Relevant Jurisdiction, Local 
Jurisdiction and/or the Tax Residence Jurisdiction, as applicable; or (b) a jurisdiction w here any refund, credit or any other benefit, 
exemption or reduction in relation to any Local Taxes may arise under an applicable tax treaty or any relevant law s or arrangements. 
Intraday Price means, in respect of a Future and any time betw een the Future Start Time and the Future End Time on a Valuation 
Date, the price of such Future on the relevant Exchange. 
Local Jurisdiction means, in respect of a Future, the jurisdiction in w hich the relevant Exchange is located. 
Local Taxes means, in respect of a Future, taxes, duties and similar charges (in each case, including interest and penalties thereon) 
imposed by the taxing authority in any jurisdiction, that w ould be w ithheld from or paid or otherw ise incurred by a Hypothetical Investor 
in connection w ith any Applicable Hedge Positions, excluding any corporate income taxes levied on the overall net income of the 
Hypothetical Investor. 
Initial Quantity Factor, means 1, unless specified otherw ise in the applicable Final Terms. 
Market Disruption Event means w ith respect to a Future the occurrence or existence of any of the follow ing events: Failure to 
Publish, Trading Disruption, Exchange Disruption or Early Closure w here: 
A.  
Failure to Publish means the non-publication of the closing levels or market value of such Future or the Future Underlier, 
including pursuant to the redemption, cancellation or permanent discontinuance of such Future or the Future Underlier, 
B.  
Trading Disruption means the suspension or limitation on trading imposed on the over-the-counter, organized or regulated 
market(s) on w hich such Future or the Future Underlier is traded, 
C.  
Exchange Disruption means any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs the ability of market 
participants in general to effect transactions in, comply w ith its clearing obligations or obtain market values for, (a) such 
Future or the Future Underlier on the relevant Exchange or (b) futures or options contracts, or other derivatives on the 
relevant Related Exchange or over-the-counter market, relating to such Future or the Future Underlier,

--- Page 684 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Future Linked Warrants 
 
684 
 
D.  
Early Closure means the closure on any Exchange Business Day of: 
(a) 
any relevant Exchange(s) relating to such Future or the Future Underlier or; 
(b) 
any Related Exchange for futures or options contracts relating to such Future or the Future Underlier, in each case, 
prior to the Scheduled Closing Time. 
Next Active Future Contract means any subsequent nearby Future of the Active Future Contract specified as such in the Applicable 
Final Terms, having a later Expiry Date than the Active Future Contract. 
Quantity_Adjustment_Factor means a multiplicative factor determined by the Calculation Agent on a Scheduled Trading Day in 
accordance. 
Unless specified otherw ise in the applicable Final Terms, Quantity_Adjustment_Factor w ill be equal to 1. 
If Option Fixing Roll is set as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
Quantity_Adjustment_Factor(i) = (Fixing Active Future Contract(i) x (1 – Rolling Cost)) / (Fixing Next Active Future Contract(i) x (1 + 
Rolling Cost)) 
If Option TWAP Roll is set as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then: 
Quantity_Adjustment_Factor(i) = (TWAP Active Future Contract(i) x (1 – Rolling Cost)) / (TWAP Next Active Future Contract(i) x (1 + 
Rolling Cost)) 
Quantity Factor means a multiplicative factor determined by the Calculation Agent on a Scheduled Trading Day in accordance w ith 
to the follow ing mechanism: 
In respect of Valuation Date(0), Quantity Factor w ill be equal to the Initial Quantity Factor 
If such Scheduled Trading Day is a Rolling Date, the Quantity Factor as of the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day 
multiplied by the Quantity Adjustment Factor. 
If such Scheduled Trading Day is not a Rolling Date, the Quantity Factor as of the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day  
Related Exchange(s) means, in respect of a Future, each exchange or quotation system on w hich the trading activity has a material 
effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent) on the overall market for options contracts relating to such Future or its Future 
Underlier, any successor exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to w hich trading in options 
contracts relating to a Future or its Future Underlier has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined 
that there is comparable liquidity relative to options contracts relating to such Future or its Future Underlier on such temporary 
substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Related Exchange). 
Relevant Jurisdiction means, in respect of a Future, the relevant authorities in the jurisdiction of incorporation or organisation of the 
issuer of any Future Underlier. 
Roll Adjustment means that, if "Roll Adjustment" is stated as being Applicable in the applicable Final Terms, an adjustment according 
to w hich the Calculation Agent w ill roll the Active Future Contract into the Next Active Future Contract on any Rolling Date at the 
relevant Rolling Time. 
Rolling Cost means 0%, unless specified otherw ise in the applicable Final Terms. 
Rolling Date(s) means the date(s) on w hich the Calculation Agent w ill roll the Active Future Contract into the Next Active Future 
Contract. Unless specified otherw ise in the relevant Final Terms, the Expiry Date of any Active Future Contract w ill be a Rolling Date. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Calculation Agent may roll the Active Future Contract into the Next Active Future Contract on one or 
several dates w hich w ill be specified in the Applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 685 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Future Linked Warrants 
 
685 
 
Rolling Time means the time on (or the period during) w hich the Calculation Agent w ill roll the Active Future Contract into the Next 
Active Future Contract on a Rolling Date. Unless otherw ise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Daily Fixing Time of the Future 
w ill be the Rolling Time. 
Scheduled Closing Time means, in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange, the scheduled w eekday closing time of such 
Exchange or Related Exchange, w ithout regard to after hours or any other trading outside of the regular trading session hours. 
Scheduled Opening Time means, in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange, the scheduled w eekday opening time of such 
Exchange or Related Exchange, w ithout regard to pre-opening hours or any other trading outside of the regular trading session hours.  
Scheduled Trading Day means, in respect of a Future (or, in the case of a Basket of Futures, in respect of any Future comprising 
the Basket and observed separately), any day on w hich each Exchange and each Related Exchange, if any, are scheduled to be 
open for trading for their respective regular trading session. 
Tax Residence Jurisdiction means, in respect of a Future, the Local Jurisdiction or any jurisdiction of tax residence of the issuer. 
TWAP Active Future Contract(i) means in respect of a Scheduled Trading Day, the time w eighted average price of the Active Future 
Contract, as calculated betw een the AFC_TWAPStartTime (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) and the AFC_TWAPEndTime 
(as specified in the applicable Final Terms), as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
TWAP Next Active Future Contract(i) means in respect of a Scheduled Trading Day, the time w eighted average price of the Next 
Active Future Contract, as calculated betw een the NAFC_TWA PStartTime (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) and the 
NAFC_TWAPEndTime (as specified in the applicable Final Terms), as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Valuation Date means, in respect of a Future, each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (or, if such date is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day for such Future, the next follow ing Scheduled Trading Day), unless such day is a Disrupted Day in w hich 
case it shall be postponed pursuant to the provisions of Condition 2 below . 
Valuation Time means, in respect of a Future, the Scheduled Closing Time provided how ever that if the Exchange closes prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time, the Valuation Time shall be the actual closing time of the Exchange. 
2. 
CONSEQUENCES OF DISRUPTED DAYS 
If any Valuation Date or Averaging Date specified in the applicable Final Terms (the Scheduled Valuation Date and the Scheduled 
Averaging Date respectively) is a Disrupted Day for a Future, the Valuation Date or the Averaging Date for such Future shall be the 
first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of that Future, unless each of the eight Scheduled 
Trading Days immediately follow ing the Scheduled Valuation Date or the Scheduled Averaging Date is also a Disrupted Day. 
In that case: 
A.  
that eighth Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date or Averaging Date, for the Future 
notw ithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day; and 
B.  
the Calculation Agent shall determine, its good faith estimate of the value of the Future as of the Valuation Time on that 
eighth Scheduled Trading Day and the good faith estimate of the value of the Future so calculated shall be deemed the 
Closing Price. 
Provided that if the Future is included in a Basket, the hereabove provisions shall apply only to the Future affected by the occurrence 
of a Disrupted Day and the Valuation Date or the Averaging Date for each Future not affected by a Disrupted Day shall be the 
Scheduled Valuation Date or the Scheduled Averaging Date; 
provided however that: 
(a) 
if a Scheduled Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day, the Averaging Date shall be postponed pursuant to the provisions above 
to the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day provided it is not also a Scheduled Averaging 
Date; if on the eighth Scheduled Trading Day follow ing the Scheduled Averaging Date a Scheduled Trading Day that is not

--- Page 686 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Future Linked Warrants 
 
686 
 
a Disrupted Day nor another Scheduled Averaging Date has not occurred, then that eighth Scheduled Trading Day shall be 
deemed the Averaging Date (irrespective of w hether that eighth Scheduled Trading Day is also a Scheduled Averaging 
Date), and the Calculation Agent shall make on that day the determinations described in (B) above, and the good faith 
estimate of the value of the Future so calculated shall be deemed the Closing Price; 
(b) 
notw ithstanding the foregoing, a Valuation Date or an Averaging Date (postponed as the case may be pursuant to the 
provisions above) shall occur not later than the fourth Business Day before the date of any payment to be made under the 
Future Linked Warrants on the basis of determinations made on such Valuation Date or Averaging Date; if a Valuation Date 
or an Averaging Date (postponed as the case may be pursuant to the provisions above) w ould fall after the fourth Business 
Day prior to the date of any payment to be made under the Future Linked Warrants on the basis of determinations made on 
such Valuation Date or Averaging Date, then that fourth Business Day shall be deemed the Valuation Date or Averaging 
Date and the Calculation Agent shall make, on that day the determinations described in (B) above at the latest as of the 
Valuation Time on such fourth Business Day and the good f aith estimate of the value of the Future so calculated shall be 
deemed the Closing Price, provided however that all references to the w ord "fourth" above may be deemed to be a reference 
to another time limit as determined by the Calculation Agent pursuant to rules applicable to the relevant Clearing System. 
3. 
ADJUSTMENTS, EXTRAORDINARY EVENTS AND HOLDING LIMIT EVENTS HEDGING DISRUPTION, INCREAS E D 
COST OF HEDGING,CHANGE IN LAW AND CONSEQUENCES 
3.1 
Adjustments and Extraordinary Events 
3.1.1 
Potential Adjustment Events 
Follow ing the occurrence of any Potential Adjustment Event, the Calculation Agent w ill, as soon as reasonably practicable after  it 
becomes aw are of such event determine w hether such Potential Adjustment Event has a diluting or concentrative effect on the 
theoretical value of the Future and, if so, w ill (a) calculate the corresponding adjustment, if any, to be made to the elements relating 
to the Future used to determine any settlement or payment terms under the Future Linked Warrants and/or adjust any other terms of 
the Future Linked Warrants as it determines appropriate to preserve the economic equivalent of the obligations of the Issuer under 
the Future Linked Warrants (subject to any Local Taxes to be w ithhold or paid as explained below ) and (b) determine the effective 
date of that adjustment. In its determination of the existence and extent of any dilutive or concentrative effect on the theoretical value 
of the Future of any Potential Adjustment Event, and any related adjustments to the terms of the Future Linked Warrants, the 
Calculation Agent shall take into account any amounts of Local Taxes that w ould, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, be 
w ithheld from or paid or otherw ise incurred in connection w ith such Potential Adjustment Event. If relevant, the Calculation Agent may 
(but need not) determine the appropriate adjustment by reference to the adjustment in respect of such Potential Adjustment Ev ent 
made by a Related Exchange (if any) to options on the Future or the Future Underlier (if any) traded on such Related Exchange (if 
any). 
Potential Adjustment Event means, in relation to a Future, any event having, in the reasonable opinion of the Calculation Agent, a 
diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of such Future and w hich is not anticipated in terms of such Future as at the 
Issue Date of the Future Linked Warrants or the occurrence of w hich is not scheduled to occur. 
3.1.2 
Extraordinary Events and consequences 
Extraordinary Event means, in respect of a Future, the occurrence of (a) a Change of Futures Exchange, (b) a Change of Future 
Contract, (c) a Modification of Futures Contract, (d) a Cancellation of Future Contract, (e) an Illiquidity Event, Roll-Over Failure Event 
or (g) a Holding Limit Event. 
A. 
Change of Futures Exchange means that the Future is no longer negotiated on the Exchange and/or under a 
market-standard format as of the Issue Date but is negotiated on an exchange and/or under a format that is not acceptable 
to the Calculation Agent. 
B. 
Change of Future Contract means that the Future is replaced by a successor futures contract that is not acceptable to the 
Calculation Agent.

--- Page 687 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Future Linked Warrants 
 
687 
 
C. 
Modification of Futures Contract means that the publisher of the documentation governing the Future announces that it 
w ill make a material change in the formula for or the method of calculating such Future or in any other w ay materially modifies 
that Future. 
D. 
Cancellation of Future Contract means that the publisher of a Future announces that it w ill permanently cancel such 
Future. 
E. 
Illiquidity Event means that in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the liquidity of the Future has decreased 
significantly since the Issue Date, such decrease of liquidity being likely to have a material impact on the hedge of Societe  
Generale or one of its affiliates in connection w ith the Warrants. 
F. 
Roll-Over Failure Event means that the Calculation Agent is unable to make a Roll Adjustment for any of the other 
Extraordinary events above. 
G. 
Holding Limit Event as defined in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants. 
If an Extraordinary Event occurs in respect of a Future (such Future, the Affected Future) on a Scheduled Trading Day (an 
Extraordinary Event Day), then the Calculation Agent may: 
(a) 
consider such event as an event triggering an early termination of the Structured Warrants (an Early Termination Event). 
In that case, the Issuer shall terminate its obligations under the Warrants and shall pay or cause to be paid (i) in the case of 
Structured Warrants that are Cash Settled Warrants, an amount equal to the Early Termination Settlement Amount on the 
basis of Market Value as defined in Condition [5.5]/[5.5] of the General Terms and Conditions or (ii) in the case of Structured 
Warrants that are Physical Delivery Warrants, subject to payment of the Exercise Price divided, if applicable, by the Parity, 
the Early Termination Physical Delivery Amount determined in accordance w ith Condition [5.5]/[5.5] of the General Terms 
and Conditions, or 
(b) 
substitute the Affected Future w ith another instrument (w hich shall then become a substitute Future) provided that w hen 
doing so, the Calculation Agent w ill make any relevant adjustment it determines appropriate to preserve the economic 
equivalent of the obligations of the Issuer under the Future Linked Warrants (subject to any taxes to be w ithhold or paid); or 
(c) 
apply Monetisation until the Expiration Date in accordance w ith Condition [5.8]/[5.8] of the General Terms and Conditions 
Subparagraph (a) shall not apply to Warrants to be listed on the Italian Exchange (Borsa Italiana S.p.A.). 
3.1.3 
Correction of the Closing Price 
In the event that any price or level of a Future published on the Exchange and w hich is utilised for any calculation or determination 
made under the Future Linked Warrants is subsequently corrected and the correction is published and made available to the public 
by the Exchange after the original publication but no later than four Business Days prior to the Expiration Date of the Future Linked 
Warrants (or any payment date(s) determined in the applicable Final Terms), the Calculation Agent w ill determine the amount that is 
payable as a result of that correction, and, to the extent necessary, w ill adjust the terms of the Warrants to account for such correction, 
provided however that, all references to the w ord "fourth" above shall be deemed to be a reference to another time limit as determined 
by the Calculation Agent pursuant to rules applicable to the relevant Clearing System. 
3.2 
Hedging Disruption, Increased Cost of Hedging, Change in Law and consequences 
Change in Law, Hedging Disruption and Increased Cost of Hedging have the meanings given to them in the Additional Terms 
and Conditions for Structured Warrants. 
In case of the occurrence of a Change in Law  a Hedging Disruption or an Increased Cost of Hedging relating to a Future (the Affected 
Underlying), the Calculation Agent may apply the adjustments as specified in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured 
Warrants.

--- Page 688 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Warrants 
 
688 
 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PORTFOLIO LINKED WARRANTS 
The provisions of these Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Warrants apply if the applicable Final Terms specify that 
the clause "Type of Structured Warrants" is stated as being "Portfolio Linked Warrants". 
References in these Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Warrants to a "Condition" or "these Additional Terms  and 
Conditions" shall be construed as a reference to the relevant conditions in these Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked 
Warrants unless otherw ise specified herein. 
Capitalised terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the General Terms and Conditions  of the 
Warrants and in the Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae. 
1. 
GENERAL DEFINITIONS 
ACT(t-1,t) means, in respect of Calculation Date (t), the number of calendar days betw een the Calculation Date (t-1) (included) and 
Calculation Date (t) (excluded), or such other period as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Affiliate means, in respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services, in relation to any person, any entity controlled, 
directly or indirectly, by the person, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the person or any entity directly or indirectly under 
common control w ith the person. For this purpose, "control" of any entity or person means ow nership of a majority of the voting pow er 
of the entity or person. 
Aggregate Applicable Transaction Tax means a rate determined by the Calculation Agent as the aggregate rate of stamp duty, 
exchange levies or other equivalent amounts w hich w ould apply to any Hypothetical Investor placing an order w hich corresponds to 
the Modification Proposal communicated by the Weighting Advisor, after taking into account any eventually applicable exemptions in 
relation to the Warrants. 
Averaging Date means, in respect of a Valuation Date and a Portfolio, each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms for 
the purpose of determining an average (or if such date is not a Scheduled Calculation Date, the next follow ing Scheduled Calc ulation 
Date) unless such day is a Disrupted Day in w hich case it shall be postponed pursuant to the prov isions of Condition 4 below . 
Basket Component means an Equity Instrument, a Commodity Instrument, a Debt Instrument or a Derivatives Instrument w hich is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being a component of the Portfolio and, if Dynamic Portfolio is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms, subject to the Portfolio Eligibility Criteria. 
Basket Component Type means, the type of a Basket Component, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. A Basket Compo nent 
Type is one of the follow ing: Index, Share, ETF Share, Fund, Single Commodity, Single Debt, Single Derivatives. 
Calculation Date means any Scheduled Calculation Date on w hich no Portfolio Disruption Event exists, subject to adjustment in 
accordance w ith Condition 6 and on w hich the Calculation Agent determines that it is possible for Societe Generale or any of its 
affiliates to hedge its positions under the Warrants using commercially reasonable efforts. 
China Connect Business Day means, in respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services, any Scheduled Trading Day 
on w hich the China Connect Service is open for order-routing during its regular order-routing sessions, notw ithstanding the China 
Connect Service closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
China Connect Service means, in respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services, the securities trading and clearing 
links programme developed by the Exchange, SEHK, CSDCC and HKSCC, through w hich (i) SEHK and/or its Affiliates provides 
order-routing and other related services for certain eligible securities traded on the Exchange and (ii) CSDCC and HKSCC provides 
clearing, settlement, Depositary and other services in relation to such securities. 
Commodity Instrument means an article of trade or commerce such as aluminium, crude oil, cocoa, corn, cotton, copper, milk, 
cattle, gas oil, gold, silver, heating oil, coffee, w heat, lean hogs, natural gas, nickel, orange juice, lead, palladium, platinum, sugar, 
soybean, and more generally any commodity, any index on the aforementioned and if Dynamic Portfolio is specified as applicable in

--- Page 689 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Warrants 
 
689 
 
the applicable Final Terms, subject to the Portfolio Eligibility Criteria. A Commodity Instrument may either be a Single Commodity or 
an Underlying Index. 
Company means, in respect of a Share, the issuer of such Share. 
Crash Put Cost(t) (CPC(t)) means, in respect of Calculation Date (t), a rate w hich is determined by the Calculation Agent, in 
accordance w ith condition 2.6, in order to reflect the cost that the Issuer (or any of its affiliates) w ould charge if it w ere to replicate the 
performance of the Portfolio, w hich includes, inter alia, the costs of hedging the risk of the market value of the Portfolio becoming 
negative. 
CSDCC means, in relation to Shares traded through the China Connect Services, China Securities Depositary and Clearing 
Corporation. 
DDIMPLong means a percentage, if relevant, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
DDIMPShort means a percentage, if relevant, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
DDLS means a percentage, if relevant, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Debt Instrument means a bond (including a structured bond), a note (including a Euro Medium Term Note), and more generally any 
other debt instrument representing a debt of an issuer, any index on the aforementioned as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
and, if Dynamic Portfolio is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, subject to the Portfolio Eligibility Criteria. A Debt 
Instrument may either be a Single Debt or an Underlying Index. 
Derivatives Instrument means a w arrant, an over-the-counter sw ap, future or option, a future or option or other contract traded on 
a regulated or organised market, an index on the aforementioned regardless of the underlying of such Derivatives Instrument, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and, if Dynamic Portfolio is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, s ubject to 
the Portfolio Eligibility Criteria. A Derivatives Instrument may either be a Single Derivatives or an Underlying Index. 
Disrupted Day means any Scheduled Calculation Date on w hich a Portfolio Disruption Event occurs. 
DistRate(k,t) means in respect of Calculation Date (t) and Portfolio Component (k) a rate w hich is determined in accordance w ith the 
provisions of the applicable Final Terms or if no such rate is specified therein, (i) if Q(k,t) is a positive number, a rate determined by 
the Calculation Agent as the percentage of PortfolioDist(k,t) that w ould be received by a hypothetical investor located in Luxembourg, 
net of any w ithholding tax, before application of any tax credit and assuming that such hypothetical investor does not benefit from 
double taxation treaties and (ii) if Q(k,t) is a negative number, 100%. 
Dynamic Portfolio means a Portfolio that is actively managed by the Weighting Advisor pursuant to the Weighting Advisory 
Agreement. 
Equity Instrument means (i) a Share or (ii) an ETF Share or (iii) a Fund or (iv) an Index on the aforementioned as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and, if Dynamic Portfolio is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, subject to the Por tfolio 
Eligibility Criteria. An Equity Instrument may either be a Single Equity or an Underlying Index. 
ETF means a fund traded on an Exchange that issues ETF shares. 
ETF Share means, in respect of an ETF, a share or unit of such ETF. 
Exchange means, in respect of a Portfolio Component, each exchange or quotation system (if applicable) on w hich such Portfolio 
Component (or the securities or instruments underlying such Portfolio Component in the case of a Portfolio Component that is an 
Underlying Index) trade, any successor exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to w hich trading 
in such Portfolio Component (or the securities or instruments underlying such Portfolio Component in the case of a Portfolio 
Component that is an Underlying Index) has relocated.

--- Page 690 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Warrants 
 
690 
 
Exchange Business Day means: 
(i) 
in respect of a Portfolio Component that is not an Underlying Index any Scheduled Trading Day on w hich each relevant 
Exchange and Related Exchange are open for trading during their respective regular trading sessions, notw ithstanding any 
such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time; 
(ii) 
in respect of an Underlying Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on w hich each relevant Exchange and Related Exchange of 
such Underlying Index are open for trading during their respective regular trading session, notw ithstanding any such 
Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time and the index sponsor of the Underlying Index 
publishes the closing level of such Underlying Index; 
(iii) 
in respect of a Share traded through the China Connect Services any Scheduled Trading Day (i) on w hich each relevant 
Exchange and Related Exchange are open for trading during their respective regular trading sessions, notw ithstanding any 
such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time and (ii) w hich is a China Connect Business 
Day. 
Fund means a Basket Component w hich is a fund, w ith a Basket Component Type specified as Fund in the applicable Final Terms. 
Fund Adviser means, in relation to a Fund, any fund investment adviser, fund administrator, manager, any person appointed in the 
role of discretionary investment manager or non-discretionary investment adviser (including a non-discretionary investment adviser 
to a discretionary manager or another non-discretionary investment adviser) for such Fund. 
Fund Documents means in respect of a Fund or fund underlying an Underlying Index on the aforementioned, the constitutive and 
governing documents, subscription agreements and other agreements specifying the terms and conditions relating to such Fund or 
fund underlying an Underlying Index. 
Fund Service Provider means in respect of a Fund or fund underlying such Underlying Index on the aforementioned, any person 
w ho is appointed to provide services, directly or indirectly, for that Fund, w hether or not specified in the Fund Documents, including 
any fund investment adviser, fund administrator, manager, any person appointed in the role of discretionary investment manager or 
non-discretionary investment adviser (including a non-discretionary investment adviser to a discretionary manager or another 
non-discretionary investment adviser) for such Fund (the Fund Adviser), trustee or similar person w ith the primary administrative 
responsibilities for such Fund, operator, management company, depository, custodian, sub-custodian, prime broker, registrar and 
transfer agent, domiciliary agent. 
Fund Unit means, in respect of a Fund, a share or unit of such Fund. 
Fund Valuation Day means, in respect of each Fund observed separately, any date as defined in the Fund Documents in respect of 
w hich the official net asset value of such Fund is dated as of such date in accordance w ith its Fund Documents. 
FXHedgeInd(k) means, for each Portfolio Component (k): 
(i) 
if FX Hedge is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms and if Portfolio Component Currency is different 
from Portfolio Currency: 1; 
(ii) 
if FX Hedge is not specified or is specified as being not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 0 
FXRatio(k,t) means for each Calculation Date (t) and each Portfolio Component (k) the FX-hedge ratio applicable if relevant w hen 
FX Hedge is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms and if Portfolio Component Currency is different from Portfolio 
Currency. If Dynamic Fx-hedge is not specified or is specified as being not applicable in the applicable Final Terms then FXRatio(k,t) 
is set to 1. 
GearingInfLong means a minimum gearing percentage applicable to the long exposure of the Portfolio, if relevant, as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
GearingInfShort means a minimum gearing percentage applicable to the short exposure of the Portfolio, if relevant, as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 691 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Warrants 
 
691 
 
GearingSupLong means a maximum gearing percentage applicable to the long exposure of the Portfolio, if relevant, as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
GearingSupShort means a maximum gearing percentage applicable to the short exposure of the Portfolio, if relevant, as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
GrossGearingSup means a maximum gearing percentage applicable to the sum of the long exposure and the short exposure of the 
Portfolio, if relevant, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Gross Ordinary Distribution means: 
(i) 
in respect of a Portfolio Component w hich is an Underlying Index, the sum of distributions (including dividends and coupons), 
expressed in index points, paid in cash by the components of the Underlying Index w hich give rise neither to any adjustment 
at the level of such Underlying Index nor to any other adjustment according to these Additional Terms and Conditions, in 
each case multiplied by their relevant quantity in the Underlying Index and converted into the Portfolio Component Currency 
(k) using the currency exchange rate as published by the PortfolioFXSource as of the PortfolioFXSourceFixingTime. 
(ii) 
In respect of Portfolio Component w hich is a Single Equity, any distribution w hich is an ordinary cash dividend (or distribution 
w ith similar characteristics) and w hich does not give rise to any other adjustment according to these Additional Terms and 
Conditions, converted into the Portfolio Component Currency (k) using the currency exchange rate as published by the 
PortfolioFXSource as of the PortfolioFXSourceFixingTime. 
(iii) 
In respect of Portfolio Component w hich is a Single Debt, any distribution w hich is a coupon (or distribution w ith similar 
characteristics) and w hich does not give rise to any other adjustment according to these Additional Terms and Conditions, 
converted into the Portfolio Component Currency (k) using the currency exchange rate as published by the PortfolioFXSource 
as of the PortfolioFXSourceFixingTime. 
(iv) 
In respect of Portfolio Component w hich is a Single Derivatives, any distribution w hich does not give rise to any other 
adjustment according to these Additional Terms and Conditions, converted into the Portfolio Component Currency (k) using 
the currency exchange rate as published by the PortfolioFXSource as of the PortfolioFXSourceFixingTime provided that 
such distribution does not include any payment due under the Derivatives Instrument on scheduled termination thereof or as 
a result of the amortisation of the notional amount of such Derivatives Instrument. 
Any Gross Ordinary Distribution shall be determined by the Calculation Agent before the w ithholding or deduction of any  taxes at the 
source by or on behalf of any applicable authority having pow er to tax in respect of such a Gross Ordinary Distribution, and shall 
exclude any imputation or other credits, refunds or deductions granted by any applicable authority having pow er  to tax in respect of 
such Gross Ordinary Distribution and any taxes, credits, refunds or benefits imposed, w ithheld, assessed or levied thereon. 
Hedge Positions means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance, by Societe Generale or any of its affiliates, of one or more 
(a) positions or contracts in securities, options, futures, derivatives, interest rate transactions or foreign exchange trans actions, (b) 
securities lending/borrow ing transactions, (c) any cash deposits or cash borrow ing and/or (d) other instruments, arrangements, assets 
or liabilities how soever described in order to hedge, individually or on a portfolio basis, the part of Societe Generale or any of its 
affiliates’ obligation under the Warrants. 
Holding Limit Event as defined pursuant to the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants. 
Hypothetical Investor means a hypothetical institutional investor not resident in (a) the applicable Relevant Jurisdiction, Local 
Jurisdiction and/or the Tax Residence Jurisdiction for the purposes of the tax law s and regulations of the Relevant Jurisdiction, Local 
Jurisdiction and/or the Tax Residence Jurisdiction, as applicable; or (b) a jurisdiction w here any refund, credit or any other benefit, 
exemption or reduction in relation to any Local Taxes may arise under an applicable tax treaty or any relevant law s or arrangements.  
Hypothetical Replicating Party means a hypothetical party taking positions in the Portfolio Components for the purposes of 
replicating the performance of the Portfolio. 
Initial Weigh(k) means the initial w eight of Portfolio Component(k) as of Calculation Date(0), as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.

--- Page 692 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Warrants 
 
692 
 
Lag means a positive number, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, or if no such number is specified therein, one (1). 
Local Jurisdiction means, if relevant, the jurisdiction in w hich the relevant Exchange is located. 
Local Taxes means, in respect of one or several Portfolio Component(s), taxes, duties and similar charges (in each case, including 
interest and penalties thereon) imposed by the taxing authority in any jurisdiction, that w ould be w ithheld from or paid or otherw ise 
incurred by a Hypothetical Investor in connection w ith any Hedge Positions, excluding any corporate income taxes levied on the 
overall net income of the Hypothetical Investor. 
Market Data means a rate (including an interest rate, a foreign exchange rate or a sw ap rate), a spread, or any other data w hich is 
either (i) specified as a Portfolio Component and Market Data in the applicable Final Terms or (ii) w hich is otherw ise used in the 
computation of the Portfolio Level. A Market Data may notably be a reference rate like a foreign exchange rate, an interest r ate or a 
securities lending or borrow ing rate. 
Net Asset Value means, in respect of a Fund and a Fund Valuation Day, the amount or amounts per unit of such Fund including (for 
subscription orders) or net (for redemption orders) of all applicable costs, taxes and fees (if any) that w ould be paid (for subscription 
orders) or received (for redemption orders) in cash in one or more times by a Hypothetical Replicating Party pursuant to a Valid Order 
for the subscription or redemption (as applicable) of units of the Fund scheduled to be executed on the official net asset value per unit 
determined by the Fund (or the Fund Service Provider that generally determines such value) dated as of such Fund Valuation Day. 
Net Portfolio Level means the level of the Portfolio, net of Crash Put Costs, denominated in the Portfolio Currency, determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance w ith these Additional Terms and Conditions. 
NPC(t) means in respect of Calculation Date (t), the number of distinct Portfolio Component (k) w ithin the Portfolio. 
Portfolio means a portfolio constituted of Portfolio Components, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Portfolio Cash Component Level (“CashPtf(t)”) means in respect of Calculation Date (t), the level of the cash component in the 
Portfolio. 
Portfolio Component or Portfolio Component (k) means any component of the Portfolio specified in the applicable Final Terms 
and, if Dynamic Portfolio is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, subject to the Portfolio Eligibility Criteria. A Portfolio 
Component may either be a Basket Component or a Market Data. 
Portfolio Component Currency (k) means the denomination currency of Portfolio Component (k), as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Portfolio Currency means the denomination currency of the Portfolio, as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such 
denomination currency is specified therein, the Settlement Currency. 
Portfolio Disruption Event means the occurrence of a disruption event affecting the Portfolio or a Portfolio Component, as further 
set out in Condition 6. 
Portfolio Level means the level of the Portfolio denominated in the Portfolio Currency, determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance w ith these Additional Terms and Conditions. 
PortfolioDist(k,t) means in respect of Calculation Date (t) and Portfolio Component (k) the sum of all Gross Ordinary Distributions 
w ith an ex date w hich is betw een Calculation Date (t-1) (excluded) and Calculation Date (t) (included). 
PortfolioFX(k,t) means, for each Calculation Date (t) and each Portfolio Component (k): 
(i) 
If Quanto Option is not specified or is specified as being not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: the currency exchange 
rate used to convert the currency of S(k,t) into the Portfolio Currency as of the PortfolioFXSourceFixingTime (as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms) of the Calculation Date (t), as published by the PortfolioFXSource or any successor thereto. If  
no such currency exchange rate is available at the PortfolioFXSourceFixingTime (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
of the Calculation Date (t), the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate in respect of the Calculation Date (t); and

--- Page 693 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Warrants 
 
693 
 
(ii) 
If Quanto Option is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 1. 
PortfolioFXSource means a foreign exchange rate source as specified in the applicable Final Terms or if no such source is specified 
therein, the WM Company or any successor thereto. 
PortfolioFXSourceFixingTime means a time used to determine foreign exchange rates as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or if no such time is specified therein, 4:00 PM London time (or any successor time as of w hich the Portfolio FX Source publishes it 
closing foreign exchange rate). 
Portfolio Publication Website means a w ebsite specified in the applicable Final Terms, w here the Calculation Agent w ill publish (i) 
the composition of the Portfolio and (ii) (if Dynamic Portfolio is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) details relating 
to each Modification Proposal, as further detailed in Condition 3.3. 
PRC means, in relation to Shares traded through the China Connect Services, the People’s Republic of China (excluding Hong Kong, 
Macau and Taiw an). 
Q(k,0) means the number of unit of Portfolio Component (k) as of Calculation Date (0), as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, 
if not specified, the number of unit of Portfolio Component (k) on the Calculation Date (0) as determined in accordance w ith Condition 
2.4. 
Q(k,t) means the number of units of Portfolio Component (k) on Calculation Date (t) as determined in accordance w ith Condition 2.4. 
RateLong(k,t) means in respect of Calculation Date (t), the level of the relevant rate w hich corresponds to a long cash position in the 
Portfolio Component Currency (k) as of such Calculation Date, as specified in the applicable Final Terms or if no such rate is specified 
therein, zero (0). Unless the level of RateLong(k,t) is specified as *fixed* in the applicable Final Terms, on each Calculation Date, the 
value of such rate may be amended by the Calculation Agent in order to reflect the cost or gain that w ould be incurred by the Issuer 
(or any of its affiliates) if it w ere to (i) lend/borrow  hedging instruments in respect of the Warrants and/or (ii) reflect a hypothetical 
remuneration/borrow ing rate in respect of a cash holding in the Warrants. 
RateShort(k,t) means in respect of Calculation Date (t), the level of the relevant rate w hich corresponds to a short cash position in 
the Portfolio Component Currency (k) as of such Calculation Date, as specified in the applicable Final Terms or if no such rate is 
specified therein, zero (0). Unless *fixed* is specified next to the level of RateShort(k,t) in the applicable Final Terms, on each 
Calculation Date, the value of such rate may be amended by the Calculation Agent, upon prior notice to the Warrantholders in order 
to replicate the cost or gain that w ould be incurred by the Issuer (or any of its affiliates) if it w ere to (i) lend/borrow  hedging instruments 
in respect of the Warrants and/or (ii) reflect a hypothetical remuneration/borrow ing rate in respect of a cash holding in the Warrants. 
RateLong(t) means in respect of Calculation Date (t), the level of the relevant rate w hich corresponds to a long cash position in the 
Portfolio Currency as of such Calculation Date, as specified in the applicable Final Terms or if no such rate is specified therein, zero 
(0). Unless the level of RateLong(t) is specified as *fixed* in the applicable Final Terms, on each Calculation Date, the value of such 
rate may be amended by the Calculation Agent in order to reflect the cost or gain that w ould be incurred by the Issuer (or any of its 
affiliates) if it w ere to (i) lend/borrow  hedging instruments in respect of the Warrants and/or (ii) reflect a hypothetical 
remuneration/borrow ing rate in respect of a cash holding in the Warrants. 
RateShort(t) means in respect of Calculation Date (t), the level of the relevant rate w hich corresponds to a short cash position in the 
Portfolio Currency as of such Calculation Date, as specified in the applicable Final Terms or if no such rate is specified therein, zero 
(0). Unless the level of RateShort(t) is specified as *fixed* in the applicable Final Terms, on each Calculation Date, the value of such 
rate may be amended by the Calculation Agent in order to reflect the cost or gain that w ould be incurred by the Issuer (or any of its 
affiliates) if it w ere to (i) lend/borrow  hedging instruments in respect of the Warrants and/or (ii) reflect a hypothetical 
remuneration/borrow ing rate in respect of a cash holding in the Warrants. 
Reference Price has the meaning given to it in Condition 2.5. 
Related Exchange means, in respect of a Portfolio Component, each exchange or quotation system w here trading has a material 
effect on the overall market for futures and options contracts relating to such Portfolio Component (or the securities or ins truments 
underlying such Portfolio Component in the case of a Portfolio Component that is an Underlying Index), any successor exchange or 
quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to w hich trading in futures or options contracts relating to such

--- Page 694 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Warrants 
 
694 
 
Portfolio Component (or the securities or instruments underlying such Portfolio Component in the case of a Portfolio Component that 
is an Underlying Index), has temporarily relocated. 
Relevant Jurisdiction means, in respect of a Portfolio Component, the relevant authorities in the jurisdiction of incorporation or 
organisation of the issuer (if any) of (1) such Portfolio Component or (2) the Portfolio Component(s) underlying such Underlying Index.  
RepoRate(k,t) means in respect of Calculation Date (t) and Portfolio Component (k) a rate w hich is determined as follow s: 
(i) 
If Q(k,t) is a positive number: RepoRate(k,t) = RepoRateLong(k,t); and 
(ii) 
If Q(k,t) is a negative number: RepoRate(k,t) = RepoRateShort(k,t). 
RepoRateLong(k,t) means in respect of Calculation Date (t) and Portfolio Component (k), the rate specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or if no such rate is specified therein, zero (0). 
RepoRateShort(k,t) means in respect of Calculation Date (t) and Portfolio Component (k), the rate specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or if no such rate is specified therein, zero (0). 
Restriking Date means each Valuation Date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
S(k,0) means the initial level of Portfolio Component (k) as of Calculation Date (0), as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no 
such level is specified, the Reference Price of Portfolio Component (k) on the Calculation Date (0) as determined in accordance w ith 
Condition 2.5. 
S(k,t) means the Reference Price of Portfolio Component (k) on the Calculation Date (t) as determined in accordance w ith Conditi on 
2.5. 
Scheduled Closing Time means in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange, the scheduled w eekday closing time of such 
Exchange or Related Exchange, w ithout regard to after hours or any other trading outside of the regular trading session hours. 
For Shares traded through the China Connect Services, the follow ing definition of Scheduled Closing Time applies: 
Scheduled Closing Time means, in respect of an Exchange, Related Exchange or China Connect Service, the scheduled w eekday 
closing time of such Exchange, Related Exchange or the China Connect Service, w ithout regard (in the case of any Exchange or 
Related Exchange) to after hours or any other trading outside of the regular trading session hours or (in the case of the China Connect 
Service) any after hours or any other order-routing outside of the regular order-routing session hours. 
Scheduled Calculation Date means the scheduled computation dates of the Portfolio Level, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Scheduled Trading Day means: 
(i) 
in respect of a Portfolio Component that is not an Underlying Index, any day on w hich each Exchange and each Related 
Exchange for such Portfolio Component are scheduled to be open for trading for their respective regular trading sessions; 
(ii) 
in respect of an Underlying Index, any day on w hich each Exchange and each Related Exchange of such Underlying Index 
are scheduled to be open for trading for their respective regular trading sessions and the index sponsor of the Underlying 
Index is scheduled to publish the level of such Underlying Index; and 
(iii) 
in respect of a Share traded through the China Connect Services, any day on w hich (i) each Exchange and each Related 
Exchange, if any, are scheduled to be open for trading for their respective regular trading session and (ii) the China Connect 
Service is scheduled to be open for order-routing for its regular order-routing sessions. 
SEHK means, in respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services, the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited. 
Share means a share of a company or any depositary receipt thereon.

--- Page 695 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Warrants 
 
695 
 
Similar Portfolio means, a portfolio w hose "main characteristics" are similar to those of the Portfolio, in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent. The "main characteristics" of a Portfolio comprise, w ithout limitation, its strategy, its currency, the asset class and 
the geographical or economic sectors reflected in such Portfolio. 
Similar Portfolio Component means any Portfolio Component w hose "main characteristics" are similar to those of the relevant 
Affected Underlying, in the determination of the Calculation Agent. The "main characteristics" of a Portfolio Component compr ise, 
w ithout limitation, its strategy, its currency, the asset class and the geographical or economic sectors reflec ted in such Portfolio 
Component. 
Single Commodity means any Basket Component that is a physical commodity or future contract on a physical commodity, w ith a 
Basket Component Type specified as Single Commodity in the applicable Final Terms. 
Single Debt means any Basket Component that is a note, a euro medium term note, or a bond, w ith a Basket Component Type 
specified as Single Debt in the applicable Final Terms. 
Single Derivatives means any Basket Component that is a derivative instrument such as a structured w arrant, a future, a forw ard or 
an option, w ith a Basket Component Type specified as Single Derivatives in the applicable Final Terms. 
Single Equity means any Basket Component that is an Equity Instrument, w ith a Basket Component Type specified as Share, ETF 
Share or Fund in the applicable Final Terms. 
TargetGearingLong(t) means: 
If “Dynamic Portfolio” is specified as being not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
 
a fixed target gearing percentage applicable to the long exposure of the Portfolio, if  relevant, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or if no such percentage is specified therein, one (1). 
If “Dynamic Portfolio” is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
 
in respect of Calculation Date t, a target gearing percentage applicable to the long exposure of the Portfolio, as 
communicated by the Weighting Advisor in accordance w ith Condition 3.6. 
For the avoidance of doubt, TargetGearingLong(t) 
shall alw ays be comprised betw een GearingInfLong 
(excluded) and 
GearingSupLong (excluded), and the sum of TargetGearingLong(t) and TargetGearingShort(t) shall be less than GrossGearingSup 
if such percentages are specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
TargetGearingShort(t) means: 
If “Dynamic Portfolio” is specified as being not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
 
a fixed target gearing percentage applicable to the short exposure of the Portfolio, if relevant, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or if no such percentage is specified therein, one (1). 
If “Dynamic Portfolio” is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
 
in respect of Calculation Date t, a target gearing percentage applicable to the short exposure of the Portfolio, as 
communicated by the Weighting Advisor in accordance w ith Condition 3.6. 
For the avoidance of doubt, TargetGearingShort(t) 
shall alw ays be comprised betw een GearingInfShort 
(excluded) and 
GearingSupShort (excluded), and the sum of TargetGearingLong(t) and TargetGearingShort(t) shall be less than GrossGearingSup 
if such percentages are specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Tax Residence Jurisdiction means, in respect of a Portfolio Component, the Local Jurisdiction or any jurisdiction of tax residence 
of the issuer (if any) and in respect of an Underlying Index, the Local Jurisdiction or any jurisdiction of tax residence of the issuer (if 
any) of the financial instrument(s) underlying such Underlying Index.

--- Page 696 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Warrants 
 
696 
 
TimeBasis means the time basis specified in the applicable Final Terms or if no such time basis is specified therein: (i) 365 if the 
Portfolio Currency is set to GBP and (ii) 360 in any other case. 
Underlying Index means any Basket Component w ith a Basket Component Type specified as Index in the applicable Final Terms. 
Underlying Index Calculation Agent means the entity in charge of calculating and publishing the Underlying Index, if different from 
the Underlying Index Sponsor, as specified in the operating rules of such Underlying Index. 
Underlying Index Sponsor means the corporation or other entity that (a) is responsible for setting and review ing the rules and 
procedures and the methods of calculation and adjustments, if any, related to the relevant Underlying Index and/or (b) announces 
(directly or through an Underlying Index Calculation Agent) the level of the relevant Underlying Index on a regular basis. 
Valid Order means a valid and timely subscription or redemption order sent to the Fund or the Fund Service Provider that generally 
accepts such order, in accordance w ith the subscription or redemption notice period and the relevant cut off time as set forth in the 
Fund Documents. 
Valuation Date means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (or, if such date is not a Scheduled Calculation 
Date, the next follow ing Scheduled Calculation Date), unless such day is a Disrupted Day in w hich case it shall be postponed pursuant 
to the provisions of Condition 4 and Condition 6 below . 
Weight Reset Date means each day specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
2. 
DETERMINATION OF THE PORTFOLIO LEVEL 
2.1 
Portfolio Level 
The Portfolio Level (PL(t)) is, in respect of any Calculation Date (t), determined by the Calculation Agent, subject to the occurrence 
or existence of a Portfolio Disruption Event, in accordance w ith the follow ing formula: 
PL(t) = [PL(t −1) + Perf (t −1, t) + Fin (t −1, t)]−ReplicationFeeCost(t) −TC(t −1, t) 
Where: 
PL(0) means the initial level of the Portfolio as of Calculation Date (0), as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such level 
is specified, the Notional Amount (if any) 
And w ith 
 
If Crash Put Costs Calculation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
ReplicationFeeCost(t) means (PL(t-1) + Perf(t-1,t) + Fin(t-1,t)) x CPC(t-1) x ACT(t-1,t) / TimeBasis) 
 
Otherw ise, if Crash Put Costs Calculation is not specified or is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
ReplicationFeeCost(t) = 0 
Where 
If Weight Reset is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and Calculation Date (t) is a Weight Reset Date: 
TC(𝑡−1,𝑡) = 
∑
Abs[𝑄(𝑘, 𝑡−1) × AdjustmentFactor(𝑘, 𝑡) × 𝑆(𝑘, 𝑡)] × PortfolioFX(𝑘, 𝑡) × TCR(𝑘, 𝑡)
NPC(t−1,𝑡)
𝑘=1
 
TCR(k,t) means in respect of Calculation Date (t) and Portfolio Component (k) the transaction cost of such Portfolio Component (k), 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such level is specified, such Portfolio Component (k) is deemed to be equal to 0.

--- Page 697 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Warrants 
 
697 
 
Otherw ise 
TC(t-1,t) = 0 
2.2 
Performance 
The performance component is determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance w ith the follow ing formula: 
Perf(t-1,t) = Perf_Component(t-1,t) – Perf_FX(t-1,t) + DivBucket(t) 
Where: 
 
Perf_Component(𝑡−1, 𝑡)  
=
∑
(Q(𝑘, 𝑡−1)
NPC(𝑡−1)
𝑘 = 1
× [AdjustmentFactor (𝑘, 𝑡) × PortfolioFX(𝑘, 𝑡) × 𝑆(𝑘, 𝑡) −PortfolioFX(𝑘, 𝑡−1) × S(𝑘, 𝑡−1)
× (1 −RepoRate(𝑘, 𝑡−1) ×
ACT(𝑡−1, 𝑡)
TimeBasis
)]) 
 
And 
 
Perf_FX(𝑡−1, 𝑡)  =
∑
[FXRatio(𝑘, 𝑡−1) × FXHedgeInd(𝑘) × Q(𝑘, 𝑡−1) × S(𝑘, 𝑡−1) × (
PortfolioFX(𝑘, 𝑡)
PortfolioFX(𝑘, 𝑡−1)) −1]
NPC(𝑡−1)
𝑘 = 1
 
And 
DivBucket(t) is determined in accordance w ith section 2.4. 
2.3 
Financing Cost 
Only if Excess Return is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
Fin(t-1,t) = – Fin_Underlying(t-1,t) – Fin_ForexStrat(t-1,t) 
If Excess Return is not specified or is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
Fin(t-1,t) = PL(t-1) x ERate(t-1) x ACT(t-1,t) / TimeBasis – Fin_Underlying(t-1,t) – Fin_ForexStrat(t-1,t) 
In each case, w here: 
Fin_Underlying (𝑡−1, 𝑡)  =
∑
(Q(𝑘, 𝑡−1) × PortfolioFX(𝑘, 𝑡−1) × S(𝑘, 𝑡−1) × IsFunded(𝑘)  × ERate(𝑘, 𝑡−1) ×
ACT(𝑡−1, 𝑡)
TimeBasis
)
NPC(𝑡−1)
𝑘 = 1
 
And 
 
Fin_ForexStrat(𝑡−1, 𝑡)  
=
∑
(FxHeadgeInd(𝑘) × Q(𝑘, 𝑡−1) × PortfolioFX(𝑘, 𝑡−1) × S(𝑘, 𝑡−1) × IsFunded(𝑘, 𝑡−1) 
NPC(𝑡−1)
𝑘 = 1
× ERate(𝑘, 𝑡−1) ×
ACT(𝑡−1, 𝑡)
TimeBasis
)

--- Page 698 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Warrants 
 
698 
 
And w here: 
IsFunded(k) means: 
Only if Unfunded Component is applicable in respect of Portfolio Component (k): 
0 
If Unfunded Component is not specified or is specified as not applicable in respect of Portfolio Component (k): 
1 
ERate(t-1) and each ERate(k,t-1) is determined in accordance w ith the follow ing: 
If Excess Return is not specified or is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
If Portfolio Ccy Cash Positions Netting is not specified or is specified as not applicable in the Final Terms: 
 
ERate(t-1) = RateLong(t-1) 
If Q(k,t-1) ≥ 0 then: ERate(k,t-1) = RateLong(t-1) 
If Q(k,t-1) < 0 then: 
ERate(k,t-1) = RateShort(t-1) 
Only if Portfolio Ccy Cash Positions Netting is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
If: 
PL(𝑡−1)  =
∑
((1 −FxHeadgeInd (𝑘)) × Q(𝑘, 𝑡𝑅(𝑡)) × PortfolioFX(𝑘, 𝑡−1) × S(𝑘, 𝑡−1) × IsFunded(𝑘)) ≥0
NPC(𝑡−1)
𝑘 = 1
 
 
PL(𝑡−1)  =
∑
(FXRatio(𝑘, 𝑡−1) × (𝑛1 −FXHedgeInd(𝑘) × Q(𝑘, 𝑡𝑅(𝑡)) × PortfolioFX(𝑘, 𝑡−1) × S(𝑘, 𝑡−1) × IsFunded(𝑘)))
NPC(𝑡−1)
𝑘 = 1
≥0 
then: 
ERate(t-1)= RateLong(t-1) and ERate(k, t-1) = RateLong(t-1) 
Else: 
ERate(t-1) = RateShort(t-1) and ERate(k, t-1) = RateShort(t-1) 
Only if Excess Return is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
If Q(k,t-1) ≥ 0 then 
ERate(k,t-1) = RateLong(t-1) 
If Q(k,t-1) < 0 then 
ERate(k,t-1) = RateShort(t-1) 
Each Rate(k,t-1) is determined in accordance w ith the follow ing:

--- Page 699 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Warrants 
 
699 
 
If Q(k,t-1) ≥ 0 then: Rate(k,t-1) = RateShort(k,t-1) 
If Q(k,t-1) < 0 then: Rate(k,t-1) = RateLong(k,t-1) 
2.4 
Computation of the quantities Q(k,t) 
For each Calculation Date (t) and Portfolio Component (k), and subject to any adjustment determined by the Calculation Agent 
pursuant to a Portfolio Extraordinary Event or a Portfolio Disruption Event Q(k,t) shall be determined in accordance w ith the follow ing 
formula: 
 
If Weight Reset is specified as applicable and Calculation Date (t) is a Weight Reset Date : 
 
Q(𝑘, t) = PL(t −1) ×
InitialWeight(𝑘)
S(𝑘, t −1) × PortfolioFX(𝑘, t −1) 
 
Otherw ise 
Q(k,t) = Q(k,t-1) x AdjustmentFactor(k,t) x Rew eightFactor(k,t) 
Where: 
unless specified otherw ise in the applicable Final Terms: 
 
Q(𝑘, 0) = PL(0) ×
InitialWeight(𝑘)
S(𝑘, 0) × PortfolioFX(𝑘, 0) 
And 
ReweightFactor(k,t) is determined as follow s on each Calculation Date (t) and in respect of each Portfolio Component (k): 
If Q(k,t-1) ≥ 0 then 
Rew eightFactor(k,t) = Rew eightFactorLong(t) 
If Q(k,t-1) < 0 then 
Rew eightFactor(k,t) = Rew eightFactorShort(t) 
ReweightFactorLong(t) is determined as follow s on each Calculation Date (t): 
If: 
EffectiveGearingLong(t-Lag) > GearingSupLong 
Or if: 
EffectiveGearingLong(t-Lag) < GearingInfLong 
Or if: 
t is a Restriking Date 
Or if: 
Simultaneous Long and Short Restrikes is specified as Applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
And:

--- Page 700 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Warrants 
 
700 
 
Either : 
EffectiveGearingShort(t-Lag) > GearingSupShort 
Or : 
EffectiveGearingShort(t-Lag) < GearingInfShort 
Or : 
EffectiveGearingLong(t-Lag) + EffectiveGearingShort(t-Lag) > GrossGearingSup 
Then: 
 
ReweightFactorLong(𝑡)
= TargetGearingLong (𝑡) × 2 
×
PL(𝑡−1) + Perf(𝑡−1, 𝑡) + Fin(𝑡−1, 𝑡)
∑
[Abs(Q(𝑘, 𝑡−1)) + 𝑄(𝑘, 𝑡−1)] × AdjustmeentFactor (𝑘, 𝑡) × 𝑆(𝑘, 𝑡) × PortfolioFX(𝑘, 𝑡)
NPC(𝑡−Lag)
𝑘 = 1
 
Else: 
Rew eightFactorLong(t)=1 
For the avoidance of doubt, if neither GearingInfLong nor GearingSupLong nor Simultaneous Long and Short Restrikes is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, then Rew eightFactorLong(t) shall alw ays be set to 1. 
ReweightFactorShort(t) is determined as follow s on each Calculation Date (t): 
If: 
EffectiveGearingShort(t-Lag) > GearingSupShort 
Or if: 
EffectiveGearingShort(t-Lag) < GearingInfShort 
Or if: 
t is a Restriking Date 
Or if: 
Simultaneous Long and Short Restrikes is specified as Applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
And: 
Either: 
EffectiveGearingLong(t-Lag) > GearingSupLong 
Or: 
EffectiveGearingLong(t-Lag) < GearingInfLong 
Or: 
EffectiveGearingLong(t-Lag) + EffectiveGearingShort(t-Lag) > GrossGearingSup

--- Page 701 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Warrants 
 
701 
 
Then: 
 
ReweightFactorShort(𝑡)
= TargetGearingShort(𝑡) × 2 
×
PL(𝑡−1) + Perf(𝑡−1, 𝑡) + Fin(𝑡−1, 𝑡)
∑
[Abs(𝑄(𝑘, 𝑡−1)) + 𝑄(𝑘, 𝑡−1)] × AdjustmeentFactor(𝑘, 𝑡) × 𝑆(𝑘, 𝑡) × PortfolioFX(𝑘, 𝑡)
NPC(𝑡−Lag)
𝑘 = 1
 
Else: 
Rew eightFactorShort(t)=1 
For the avoidance of doubt, if neither GearingInfShort nor GearingSupShort nor Simultaneous Long and Short Restrikes is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, then Rew eightFactorShort(t) shall alw ays be set to 1. 
EffectiveGearingLong(t-Lag) is determined in accordance w ith the follow ing 
EffectiveGearingLong(𝑡−Lag) =
∑
[Abs(𝑄(𝑘, 𝑡−Lag)) + 𝑄(𝑘, 𝑡−Lag)] × 𝑆(𝑘, 𝑡−𝐿𝑎𝑔) × PortfolioFX(𝑘, 𝑡−Lag)
NPC(𝑡−Lag)
𝑘=1
2 × PL(𝑡−Lag)
 
EffectiveGearingShort(t-Lag) is determined in accordance w ith the follow ing 
EffectiveGearingShort(𝑡−Lag) =
∑
[Abs(𝑄(𝑘, 𝑡−Lag)) −𝑄(𝑘, 𝑡−Lag)] × 𝑆(𝑘, 𝑡−𝐿𝑎𝑔) × PortfolioFX(𝑘, 𝑡−Lag)
NPC(𝑡−Lag)
𝑘=1
2 × PL(𝑡−Lag)
 
AdjustmentFactor(k,t) and DivBucket(t) are determined in accordance w ith the follow ing on each Calculation Date (t) and in respect 
of each Portfolio Component (k): 
If Reinvestment Method is set to Individual Components or if no Reinvestment Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
AdjustmentFactor(k,t) = 1 + (DistRate(k,t) x PortfolioDist(k,t)) / (S(k,t-1) – PortfolioDist(k,t)) 
And DivBucket(t) = 0 
If Reinvestment Method is set to Portfolio in the applicable Final Terms: 
AdjustmentFactor(k,t) = 1 + (Sum(j from 1 to NPC(t-1)) (0.5*(Abs(Q(j,t-1)) + Sign(Q(k,t-1)) x Q(j,t-1)) x PortfolioFX(j,t-1) x DistRate(j,t) 
x PortfolioDist(j,t))) / (Sum(j from 1 to NPC(t-1)) (0.5*(Abs(Q(j,t-1)) + Sign(Q(k,t-1)) x Q(j,t-1)) x PortfolioFX(j,t-1) x S(j,t-1))) 
And DivBucket(t) = 0 
If Reinvestment Method is set to Cash Bucket in the applicable Final Terms: 
 AdjustmentFactor(k,t) = 1 
And 
 
DivBucket(𝑡) =
∑
DistRate(𝑘, 𝑡) × PortfolioDisk(𝑘, 𝑡) × 𝑄(𝑘, 𝑡−1) × PortfolioFX(𝑘, 𝑡−1)
NPC(𝑡−1)
𝑘=1
 
2.5 
Reference Price 
Reference Price means in respect of any Scheduled Calculation Date (t) and any Portfolio Component (k): 
(a) 
If "Closing Price" is specified as applicable or if no Reference Price is specified in the applicable Final Terms, and

--- Page 702 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Warrants 
 
702 
 
a. 
if such Portfolio Component (k) is an Equity Instrument that is a Share or an ETF Share, the official closing price of 
such Share or ETF Share at the Scheduled Closing Time on such Scheduled Calculation Date (t) (or the Scheduled 
Closing Time on the Scheduled Trading Day preceding such Scheduled Calculation Date (t), as the case may be); 
b. 
if such Portfolio Component (k) is an Equity Instrument that is a Fund Unit, the latest available Net Asset Value 
dated in respect of such Scheduled Calculation Date (t) as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
c. 
if such Portfolio Component (k) is a Commodity Instrument, the official closing price published on the relevant price 
source as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
d. 
if such Portfolio Component (k) a Debt Instrument, the official closing price of such Debt Instrument as determined 
by the Calculation Agent; 
e. 
if such Portfolio Component (k) is an Underlying Index, the official closing level of such Underlying Index as 
determined by the Underlying Index Calculation Agent on the Scheduled Closing Time on such Scheduled 
Calculation Date (t) (or the Scheduled Closing Time on the Scheduled Trading Day preceding such Scheduled 
Calculation Date (t), as the case may be); or 
f. 
if such Portfolio Component (k) is a Derivatives Instrument, the closing value of such Derivatives Instrument on 
such Scheduled Calculation Date (t), as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(b) 
if "Fixing Price" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the price or level of such Portfolio Component (k), 
as relevant, as of such Calculation Date (t) and as of the ReferenceFixingTime (as specified in the applicable Final Terms); 
(c) 
if "TWAP" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the time w eighted average price or level of such Portfoli o 
Component (k), as relevant, on such Calculation Date (t), calculated betw een the TWAPStartTime (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) and the TWAPEndTime (as specified in the applicable Final Terms), as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; 
(d) 
if "VWAP" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the volume w eighted average price or level of such 
Portfolio Component (k), as relevant, on such Calculation Date (t), calculated betw een the VWAPStartTime (as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms) and the VWAPEndTime (as specified in the applicable Final Terms), as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; 
(e) 
if "Opening Price" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the official opening price or level of such Portfolio 
Component (k), as relevant, on such Calculation Date (t); 
(f) 
if "Best Effort" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, any of the above options, provided that the Reference 
Price w ill correspond to the above Reference Price that w ould be actually obtained by the Calculation Agent (or any of its 
affiliates) if it w ere to hedge such Reference Price, as determined by the Calculation Agent; or 
(g) 
if "Bid-Ask Spread" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then 
(i) 
if the relevant Reference Price is determined by reference to purchase order because of an increased exposure to 
such Portfolio Component (k), the resulting Reference Price shall be further adjusted and multiplied by (1 + 
SpreadMidAsk) (SpreadMidAsk being specified in the applicable Final Terms); and 
(ii) 
if the relevant Reference Price is determined by reference to sell order because of a decreased exposure to such 
Portfolio Component (k), the resulting Reference Price shall be further adjusted and multiplied 
by (1 – 
SpreadBidMid) (SpreadBidMid being specified in the applicable Final Terms), 
provided that, if so provided in the applicable Final Terms, any of one of the above options may be applied in a different manner in 
respect of (i) different Scheduled Calculation Dates, (ii) different Portfolio Components or provided that, if “Dynamic Portfolio” is set 
to applicable in the applicable Final Terms, any one of the above options may be applied in a different manner in respect of any 
Scheduled Calculation Dates and any Portfolio Components, depending on w hether a Modification Proposal (as defined in Condition 
3) is effective on a given Calculation Date.

--- Page 703 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Warrants 
 
703 
 
2.6 
Determination of the Crash Put Cost CPC(t) 
If: 
(Sum(k from 1 to NPC(t))) ((Abs(Q(k,t)) + Q(k,t)) x S(k,t) x PortfolioFX(k,t)) / (2 x PL(t)) + 
(Sum(k from 1 to NPC(t))) ((Abs(Q(k,t)) – Q(k,t)) x S(k,t) x PortfolioFX(k,t)) / (2 x PL(t)) > 1 
Then: 
CPC(t) = LeverageEff(t) x CPLevel(ADD (t)) 
Else: 
CPC(t) = 0 
Where LeverageEff is the effective leverage determined as follow s 
LeverageEff(t) = Max((Sum(k from 1 to NPC(t))) ((Abs(Q(k,t)) + Q(k,t)) x S(k,t) x PortfolioFX(k,t)) / (2 x PL(t))) ; (Sum(k from 1 to 
NPC(t))) ((Abs(Q(k,t)) – Q(k,t)) x S(k,t) x PortfolioFX(k,t)) / (2 x PL(t)))) 
And the Crash Put Level (CPLevel(ADD(t))) is, in respect of Calculation Date (t), determined by the Calculation Agent based on the 
value of the Average Decade Dow n (ADD(t)) as of such date. and in accordance w ith the CPLevel table specified in the applicab le 
Final Terms, The CPLevel table contains the CPLevel rates applicable for any given level of the Average Decade Dow n. 
The Average Decade Dow n ADD(t) is, in respect of Calculation Date (t), determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance w ith the 
follow ing formula: 
ADD(t) = LeverageLS(t) x DDLS + LeverageIMP(t) x DDIMP(t) 
Where 
The Long-Short Leverage (LeverageLS(t)) is determined as follow s on each Calculation Date(t): 
LeverageLS(t) = Min((Sum(k from 1 to NPC(t))) ((Abs(Q(k,t)) + Q(k,t)) x S(k,t) x PortfolioFX(k,t)) / (2 x PL(t))) ; (Sum(k from 1 to 
NPC(t))) ((Abs(Q(k,t)) – Q(k,t)) x S(k,t) x PortfolioFX(k,t)) / (2 x PL(t)))) 
The Implicit Leverage (LeverageIMP(t)) is determined as follow s on each Calculation Date(t): 
LeverageIMP(t) = LeverageEff(t) – LeverageLS(t) 
DDIMP(t) is determined as follow s on each Calculation Date(t):If 
∑𝑄(𝑘, 𝑡)
NPC(𝑡)
𝑘=1
× 𝑆(𝑘, 𝑡) × PortfolioFX(𝑘, 𝑡) ≥0 
Then: DDIMP(t) = DDIMPLong 
Else: DDIMP(t) = DDIMPShort 
2.7 
Determination of the Portfolio Cash Component Level, “CashPtf(t)” 
The Portfolio Cash Component is determined, in respect of Calculation Date (t), in accordance w ith the follow ing formula : 
CashPtf(𝑡) = PL(𝑡) −
∑𝑄(𝑘, 𝑡)
NPC(𝑡)
𝑘=1
× 𝑆(𝑘, 𝑡) × PortfolioFX(𝑘, 𝑡)

--- Page 704 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Warrants 
 
704 
 
3. 
SPECIFIC PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO DYNAMIC PORTFOLIO 
This Condition 3 applies only if “Dynamic Portfolio” is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms. Unless otherw ise 
stated herein, the follow ing is to be considered as an additional Condition to these Additional Terms and Conditions. 
As further detailed hereinafter and in particular in Condition 3.3 and 3.6, the composition of the Portfolio and the target gearing 
exposures may be amended by w ay of Modification Proposal(s) submitted by the Weighting Advisor in accordance w ith these 
Conditions 3.3 and 3.6. 
3.1 
Additional definitions applicable to Dynamic Portfolios 
Applicable Portfolio Eligibility Criteria means a Global Portfolio Eligibility Criteria, a Component Related Eligibility Criteria or a 
Modification Related Eligibility Criteria, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Communication Deadline means a deadline as set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
ExecCostRateIn (k,t) means in respect of Calculation Date (t) and Portfolio Component (k) an execution cost rate w hich is set out in 
http://email.sgmarkets.com/Content/resource/DISTRIB_FILES_TEMP_20180612114851, or w hich is set out in the applicable Final 
Terms, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, to reflect the cost that w ould be incurred by the Issuer (or any of its affiliates) if it 
w ere to buy hedging instruments in respect of the Warrants. 
ExecCostRateOut (k,t) means in respect of Calculation Date (t) and Portfolio Component (k) an execution cost rate w hich is set out 
in http://email.sgmarkets.com/Content/resource/DISTRIB_FILES_TEMP_20180612114851, or w hich is set out in the applicable Final  
Terms, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, to reflect the cost that w ould be incurred by the Issuer (or any of its affiliates) if it 
w ere to sell hedging instruments in respect of the Warrants. 
ExecAddOnRate (k,t) means in respect of Calculation Date (t) and Portfolio Component (k) a transaction cost rate w hich is set out 
in the applicable Final Terms, or 0 (zero) if not specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Force Majeure Event means exceptional circumstances w ith respect to the Warrants, the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or the 
Weighting Advisor beyond the control of such parties such as, w ithout limitation, any change in national or international political, legal, 
tax, financial or regulatory conditions or any calamity or emergency w hich prevent or to a material extent restrict the performance of 
the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or the Weighting Advisor of its obligations under the Weighting Advisory Agreement or the Terms 
and Conditions, as completed by the applicable Final Terms. 
GL means the level of the Portfolio denominated in the Portfolio Currency w ithout including the Performance Fees. 
Portfolio Eligibility Criteria means a set of Applicable Portfolio Eligibility Criteria, as set out in the applicable Final Terms and as 
further detailed in Condition 3.4. Any Modification Proposal by the Weighting Advisor w hich is in breach of any Applicable Portfolio 
Eligibility Criteria, as set out in the applicable Final Terms shall be rejected by the Calculation Agent in accordance w ith Condition 3.3. 
Modification Proposal means a modification proposed by the Weighting Advisor in accordance w ith Condition 3.3. 
Modification Trigger means a trigger for a Modification Proposal. A Modification Trigger shall be one or more of the follow ing: 
(a) 
past or forecasted level and/or performance of the Portfolio Component(s) w hich is(are) subject to the Modification Proposal; 
and/or 
(b) 
past or forecasted level and/or level of the Portfolio Component(s) w hich is(are) subject to the Modification Proposal; and/or 
(c) 
past or forecasted volatility of the Portfolio Component(s) w hich is(are) subject to the Modification Proposal; and/or 
(d) 
past or forecasted volatility of the Portfolio; and/or 
(e) 
publication of a macroeconomic data or indicator w hich is relevant to the Portfolio or the Portfolio Component(s) w hich is(ar e) 
subject to the Modification Proposal; and/or

--- Page 705 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Warrants 
 
705 
 
(f) 
determination of expected or publication of realised fundamental valuation the Portfolio Component(s) w hich is(are) subject 
to the Modification Proposal; and/or 
(g) 
determination of expected or publication of realised coupon or dividend yield; and/or 
(h) 
determination of expected or publication of realised earnings; and/or 
(i) 
absence of the Modification Proposal, the Portfolio Eligibility Criteria w ould not be complied w ith; and/or 
(j) 
regulatory requirement or restriction; and/or 
(k) 
determination of expected or publication of realised traded volumes or more generally liquidity of the Portfolio Component(s)  
w hich is(are) subject to the Modification Proposal; and/or 
(l) 
determination of expected or publication of realised interest rates (or any variation thereof); and/or 
(m) 
events (including notably change of rules or composition) of the relevant benchmark index. 
Rebalancing Date means the day on w hich a Modification Proposal is deemed to be effective, as set out in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Rebalancing Lag means the number of Calculation Date betw een the Review  Date and the Rebalancing Date. 
Review Date means each day specified as such in the applicable Final Terms on w hich a Modification Proposal is deemed to be 
received by the Calculation Agent from (i) the Issue Date to (but excluding) (ii) the final Valuation Date, that is not a Disrupted Day in 
respect of any of the existing Portfolio Components that are the subject of the Modification Proposal and w ould not be a Disr upted 
Day assuming that any instrument or data that is proposed by the Weighting Advisor in a Modification Proposal to become a new  
Portfolio Component(s) is already included in the Portfolio. 
Target Exposure Implementation Date means the day on w hich a Target Exposure Modification Proposal is deemed to be effective, 
as set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
Target Exposure Modification Proposal means a modification proposed by the Weighting Advisor in accordance w ith Condition 
3.6. 
Target Exposure Modification Trigger means a trigger for a Target Exposure Modification Proposal. A Target Exposure Modification 
Trigger shall be one or more of the follow ing: 
(a) 
past or forecasted volatility of the Portfolio; and/or 
(b) 
publication of a macroeconomic data or indicator w hich is relevant to the Portfolio; and/or 
(c) 
determination of expected or publication of realised coupon or dividend yield; and/or 
(d) 
determination of expected or publication of realised earnings; and/or 
(e) 
regulatory requirement or restriction; and/or 
(f) 
determination of expected or publication of realised traded volumes or more generally liquidity of the Portfolio Components; 
and/or 
(g) 
determination of expected or publication of realised interest rates (or any variation thereof); and/or 
(h) 
events (including notably change of rules or composition) of the relevant benchmark index. 
Therorical Communication Deadline means a deadline as set out in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 706 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Warrants 
 
706 
 
Total Number of Portfolio Components over two Consecutive Days or TNPC(t-1,t) means in respect of the Calculation Dates (t) 
and (t-1), the cumulative number of different Portfolio Components comprising the Portfolio as of such Calculation Dates (t) and (t-1). 
Weighting Advisor means the entity specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and w hich is entitled to propose Modification 
Proposal(s) in accordance w ith Condition 3.3. 
Weighting Advisory Agreement means an agreement entered into by the Calculation Agent, the Issuer and the Weighting Advisor 
in respect of the Warrants pursuant to w hich the Issuer and the Calculation Agent w ill appoint the Weighting Advisor w hose duties 
w ill include proposing Modification Proposal(s) to the Portfolio. Under the terms of the Weighting Advisory Agreement, the 
Weighting Advisor and every Modification Proposal will aim to maximise the Portfolio Level in accordance with these 
Additional Terms and Conditions including, without limitation Condition 3 and the Portfolio Eligibility Criteria. The Weighting 
Advisor w ill also remain responsible, in performing its duties under the Weighting Advisory Agreement, for acting honestly and in a 
commercially reasonable manner and for exercising the diligence of a reasonably prudent investment advisor or adviser in comparable 
circumstances. 
3.2 
Amendments to Condition 2 
The follow ing amendments are made to Condition 2 above for the purpose of determining the Portfolio Level of the Portfolio. 
3.2.1 
Amendments to Condition 2.1 
The formula used to determine the Portfolio Level is replaced w ith the follow ing: 
PL(𝑡) = [PL(𝑡−1) + Perf(𝑡−1, 𝑡) + Fin(𝑡−1, 𝑡)] −TC(𝑡−1, 𝑡) 
Where: 
PL(0) means the initial level of the Portfolio as of Calculation Date (0), as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such level 
is specified, the Specified Denomination. 
TC(𝑡−1, 𝑡) =
∑
Abs[𝑄(𝑘, 𝑡) −𝑄(𝑘, 𝑡−1) × AdjustmentFactor(𝑘, 𝑡)]
TNPC(𝑡−1,𝑡)
𝑘=1×TCR(𝑘,𝑡)
× PortfolioFX(𝑘, 𝑡) 
TCR(k,t) means in respect of Calculation Date (t) and Portfolio Component (k) the transaction cost of such Portfolio Component (k), 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such level is specified, the transaction cost is determined in accordanc e w ith the 
follow ing: 
Where TCR(k,t) = ExecCostRate(k,t) + ExecAddOnRate(k,t) 
And ExecCostRate (k,t) is determined in accordance w ith the follow ing: 
If Q(k,t) ≥ Q(k,t-1) x AdjustmentFactor (k,t)) then ExecCostRate (k,t) = ExecCostRateIn (k,t) 
If Q(k,t) < Q(k,t-1) x AdjustmentFactor (k,t)) then ExecCostRate (k,t) = ExecCostRateOut (k,t) 
3.2.2 
Amendments to Condition 2.4 
Condition 2.4 is deleted in its entirety and replaced w ith the follow ing: 
For each Calculation Date (t) and Portfolio Component (k), and subject to any adjustment determined by the Calculation Agent 
pursuant to a Portfolio Extraordinary Event or a Portfolio Disruption Event Q(k,t) shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance w ith the follow ing formulae: 
If there is no Modification Proposal w ith a Rebalancing Date on Calculation Date (t) 
 
If Weight Reset is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and Calculation Date is a Weight Reset Date :

--- Page 707 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Warrants 
 
707 
 
𝑄(𝑘, 𝑡) = PL(𝑡−1) ×
InitialWeight(𝑘)
𝑆(𝑘, 𝑡 _ 1) × PortfolioFX(𝑘, 𝑡−1) 
 
Otherw ise 
Q(k,t) = Q(k,t-1) x AdjustmentFactor(k,t) x Rew eightFactor(k,t) 
Where: 
unless specified otherw ise in the applicable Final Terms: 
𝑄(𝑘, 0) = PL(0) ×
InitialWeight(𝑘)
𝑆(𝑘, 0) × PortfolioFX(𝑘, 0) 
ReweightFactor(k,t) is determined as follow s on each Calculation Date (t) and in respect of each Portfolio Component (k): 
If Q(k,t-1) ≥ 0 then 
Rew eightFactor(k,t) = Rew eightFactorLong(t) 
If Q(k,t-1) < 0 then 
Rew eightFactor(k,t) = Rew eightFactorShort(t) 
ReweightFactorLong(t) is determined as follow s on each Calculation Date (t): 
If: 
EffectiveGearingLong(t-Lag) > GearingSupLong 
Or if: 
EffectiveGearingLong(t-Lag) < GearingInfLong 
Or if: 
t is a Restriking Date 
Or if: 
Simultaneous Long and Short Restrikes is specified as Applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
And: 
Either: 
EffectiveGearingShort(t-Lag) > GearingSupShort 
Or: 
EffectiveGearingShort(t-Lag) < GearingInfShort 
Or: 
EffectiveGearingLong(t-Lag) + EffectiveGearingShort(t-Lag) > GrossGearingSup 
Then:

--- Page 708 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Warrants 
 
708 
 
ReweightFactorLong(𝑡)
= TargetGearingLong (𝑡) × 2 ×
PL(𝑡−1) + Perf(𝑡< −1, 𝑡) + Fin(𝑡−1, 𝑡)
∑
[Abs(𝑄(𝑘, 𝑡−1)) + 𝑄(𝑘, 𝑡−1)] × AdjustmentFactor (𝑘, 𝑡) × 𝑆(𝑘, 𝑡) × 𝑃
NPC(𝑡−1)
𝑘=1
 
Else: 
Rew eightFactorLong(t)=1 
For the avoidance of doubt, if neither GearingInfLong nor GearingSupLong nor Simultaneous Long and Short Restrikes is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, then Rew eightFactorLong(t) shall alw ays be set to 1. 
ReweightFactorShort(t) is determined as follow s on each Calculation Date (t): 
If: 
EffectiveGearingShort(t-Lag) > GearingSupShort 
Or if: 
EffectiveGearingShort(t-Lag) < GearingInfShort 
Or if: 
t is a Restriking Date 
Or if: 
Simultaneous Long and Short Restrikes is specified as Applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
And: 
Either: 
EffectiveGearingLong(t-Lag) > GearingSupLong 
Or: 
EffectiveGearingLong(t-Lag) < GearingInfLong 
Or: 
EffectiveGearingLong(t-Lag) + EffectiveGearingShort(t-Lag) > GrossGearingSup 
Then: 
ReweightFactorShort(𝑡)
= TargetGearingShort(𝑡) × 2 ×
PL(𝑡−1) + Perf(𝑡< −1, 𝑡) + Fin(𝑡−1, 𝑡)
∑
[Abs(𝑄(𝑘, 𝑡−1)) −𝑄(𝑘, 𝑡−1)] × AdjustmentFactor(𝑘, 𝑡) × 𝑆(𝑘, 𝑡) × 𝑃
NPC(𝑡−1)
𝑘=1
 
Else : 
Rew eightFactorShort(t)=1 
For the avoidance of doubt, if neither GearingInfShort nor GearingSupShort nor Simultaneous Long and Short Restrikes is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, then Rew eightFactorShort(t) shall alw ays be set to 1.

--- Page 709 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Warrants 
 
709 
 
EffectiveGearingLong(t-Lag) is determined in accordance w ith the follow ing: 
EffectiveGearingLong(𝑡−Lag) =
∑
[Abs(𝑄(𝑘, 𝑡−Lag)) + 𝑄(𝑘, 𝑡−Lag)] × 𝑆(𝑘, 𝑡−Lag) × PortfolioFX(𝑘, 𝑡−Lag)
NPC(𝑡−Lag)
𝑘=1
2 × PL(𝑡−Lag)
 
EffectiveGearingShort(t-Lag) is determined in accordance w ith the follow ing: 
EffectiveGearingShort(𝑡−Lag) =
∑
[Abs(𝑄(𝑘, 𝑡−Lag)) −𝑄(𝑘, 𝑡−Lag)] × 𝑆(𝑘, 𝑡−Lag) × PortfolioFX(𝑘, 𝑡−Lag)
NPC(𝑡−Lag)
𝑘=1
2 × PL(t −Lag)
 
AdjustmentFactor(k,t) and DivBucket(t) are determined in accordance w ith the follow ing on each Calculation Date (t) and in respect 
of each Portfolio Component (k): 
 
If Reinvestment Method is set to Individual Components or if no Reinvestment Method is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
AdjustmentFactor(k,t) = 1 + (DistRate(k,t) x PortfolioDist(k,t)) / (S(k,t-1) – PortfolioDist(k,t)) 
And DivBucket(t) = 0 
 
If Reinvestment Method is set to Portfolio in the applicable Final Terms: 
 
AdjustmentFactor(k,t) = 1 + (Sum(j from 1 to NPC(t-1)) (0.5*(Abs(Q(j,t-1)) + Sign(Q(k,t-1)) x Q(j,t-1)) x PortfolioFX(j,t-1) x 
DistRate(j,t) x PortfolioDist(j,t))) / (Sum(j from 1 to NPC(t-1)) (0.5*(Abs(Q(j,t-1)) + Sign(Q(k,t-1)) x Q(j,t-1)) x PortfolioFX(j,t-1) 
x S(j,t-1))) 
And DivBucket(t) = 0 
 
If Reinvestment Method is set to Cash Bucket in the applicable Final Terms: 
AdjustmentFactor(k,t) = 1 
And DivBucket(t) = Sum(k from 1 to NPC(t-1)) (DistRate(k,t) x PortfolioDist(k,t) x Q(k,t-1) x PortfolioFX(k,t-1)) 
If there are one or more Modification Proposal(s) affecting Portfolio Component (k) w ith a Rebalancing Date on Calculation Date (t): 
Unless communicated by the Weighting Advisor in accordance w ith Condition 3.3, Q(k,t) is determined according w ith the below  
formula: 
𝑄(𝑘, 𝑡) = PL(𝑡−RLag) ×
RebalWeight(𝑘)
𝑆(𝑘, 𝑡−RLag) × PortfolioFX(𝑘, 𝑡−RLag) 
Where : 
RebalWeight (t) is providing by the Weighting Advisor in accordance w ith Condition 3.3; 
RLag means the maximum betw een (i) 1 and (ii) the Rebalancing Lag. 
3.3 
Re-Weighting of Dynamic Portfolio composition 
3.3.1 
The Weighting Advisor may on each Review  Date propose to the Calculation Agent a modification to the Portfolio, subjec t 
to the Portfolio remaining in compliance w ith each and every Applicable Portfolio Eligibility Criteria. 
The Weighting Advisor w ill be entitled to make modification proposals in relation to: 
(i) 
the quantity or the w eight of any Portfolio Component (k) in the Portfolio;

--- Page 710 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Warrants 
 
710 
 
(ii) 
the inclusion of one or several new  Portfolio Component (k) in the Portfolio; 
(iii) 
the removal of one of several Portfolio Component (k) from Portfolio; or 
(iv) 
any combination thereof. 
(each a Modification Proposal, together the Modification Proposals) in accordance w ith the procedure described in Condition 3.4 
(the Re-Weighting Procedure). For the avoidance of doubt, any Q(k,t) may be equal to 0 in w hich case the Portfolio Component 
shall be deemed to be removed from the Portfolio. It is understood that it is under the responsibility of the Weighting Advisor to ensure 
that any Modification Proposal complies w ith the Portfolio Eligibility Criteria and that, subject to Condition 3.3.2, neither the Issuer nor 
the Calculation Agent w ill influence a Modification Proposal. 
In addition, w hen submitting a Modification Proposal, the Weighting Advisor shall provide (i) all necessary details required to 
implement such Modification Proposal and (ii) the Modification Trigger(s) applicable to such Modification Proposal. 
3.3.2 
Under normal market conditions, the Calculation Agent shall implement the Modification Proposals relating to the Portfolio 
unless the Calculation Agent determines: 
(i) 
the proposed Modification Proposal w ould breach or cause a breach of any provision of the Weighting Advisory Agreement, 
any applicable law , regulations or risk or compliance guidelines and policy of the Issuer or the Calculation Agent; or 
(ii) 
the Weighting Advisor fails to comply w ith the Terms and Conditions of the Warrants, and in particular the Modification  
Proposal is in breach of any Applicable Portfolio Eligibility Criteria set out in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(iii) 
the information provided by the Weighting Advisor in relation to a proposed Modification Proposal is incomplete, in particular 
it does not include parameters w hich are necessary to implement the proposed Modification Proposal, including but not 
limited to the applicable Modification Trigger and information necessary to identify each Portfolio Component or elements 
necessary to determine the quantity of each Portfolio Component; or 
(iv) 
the Issuer's or any of its affiliate's ability to hedge its exposure under the Warrants w ould be materially affected by the 
implementation of the Modification Proposal or such Modification Proposal w ould increase the cost of hedging the Warrants, 
including but not limited to (i) as a result of a change in law  or regulation, (ii) the imposition of taxes, stamp duties, financial 
transaction tax or any other tax or levy having a similar effect or (iii) in case the Calculation Agent determines in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner that the liquidity of the Portfolio Component affected by such Modification Proposal 
is not sufficient for the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any of their affiliates, to implement such Modification Proposal; or 
(v) 
a case of Force Majeure Event affecting the Warrants, the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or the Weighting Advisor has 
occurred and is continuing. 
Unless a Modification Proposal has been rejected by the Calculation Agent on the basis of one or more of the above grounds, the 
Calculation Agent shall then implement such Modification Proposal in accordance w ith the Re-Weighting Procedure w ithout any 
liability of the Calculation Agent in relation to the opportunity of such Modification Proposal. 
The follow ing information shall be made available by the Calculation Agent on the Portfolio Publication Website: 
 
the composition of the Portfolio; and 
 
the detail of each Modification Proposal including the applicable Modification Trigger. 
3.4 
Re-Weighting Procedure 
Subject to the provision of 3.3.2 above, the Calculation Agent shall on each Rebalancing Date make the Modification Proposal(s) to 
the Portfolio requested by the Weighting Advisor, provided the relevant request w as received before the Communication Deadline on 
the Review  Date. Any request received on a Review  Date after the Communication Deadline shall be deemed to be received on the  
immediately subsequent Review  Date.

--- Page 711 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Warrants 
 
711 
 
3.5 
Portfolio Eligibility Criteria 
 
Global Portfolio 
Eligibility Criteria 
means one or more of the follow ing: 
The Portfolio shall meet the diversification requirements applying to the assets of an Undertaking for 
Collective Investment in Transferable Warrants complying w ith the European Union Directive 
85/611/EEC of 20 December 1985 on the coordination of law s, regulations and administrative 
provisions relating to undertakings for collective investment in transferable securities or any successor 
thereto (including the Directive 2009/65/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 13 July 
2009, as amended); or 
The Portfolio must [not] contain [less][more] [than] [specify number of Portfolio Components in the 
applicable Final Terms] Portfolio Components 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
Component Related 
Eligibility Criteria 
means the combination of (i) a Portfolio Component Type Criteria and/or (ii) a Portfolio Component 
Sub Type Criteria and/or (iii) one or more Attribute Criteria and/or (iv) a Criteria Impact, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
A Component Related Portfolio Eligibility Criteria is expressed as follow s: 
[Portfolio Component Type Criteria] [and] [Portfolio Component SubType Criteria] [and] [one or more 
Attribute Criteria] [Criteria Impact] 
Only instruments or market data that meet the Component Related Eligibility Criteria may become a 
Portfolio Component at the exclusion of all the others.  
 
Portfolio 
Component Type 
Criteria 
means a criteria w hich defines the types of Portfolio Components (each a 
“Portfolio Component Type” and together the “Portfolio Component Types”) 
w hich are subject to a Component Related Portfolio Eligibility Criteria. A 
Portfolio Component Type Criteria is expressed as follow s: 
[A] Portfolio Component[s]w hich [is][are] [one of the follow ing] [a][an][Portfolio 
Component Type] 
Where “Portfolio Component Type” means any of the follow ing: 
 
Commodity Instrument 
 
Debt Instrument 
 
Derivatives Instrument 
 
Equity Instrument 
 
Market Data 
w hich shall be specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 712 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Warrants 
 
712 
 
 
Portfolio 
Component Sub 
Type Criteria 
means in respect of a Portfolio Component Type defined pursuant to the 
Portfolio Component Type Criteria, a criteria w hich defines the sub type of 
Portfolio Component Type (each a “Portfolio Component Sub Type” and 
together the “Portfolio Component Sub Types”). A Portfolio Component Sub 
Type Criteria is expressed as follow s: 
[and] [w hich] [is][are] [not] [one of the follow ing][a][an] [Portfolio Component 
Sub Type] 
Where the Portfolio Component Sub Type(s): 
 
in respect of Commodity Instruments means either Single Commodity 
or Underlying Index 
 
in respect of Debt Instruments means either Single Debt, or 
Underlying Index 
 
In respect Derivatives Instruments means either Single Derivatives or 
Underlying Index 
 
In respect Equity Instruments means either Share, ETF Share, Fund 
or Underlying Index 
 
In respect Market Data means either foreign exchange rate, interest 
rate or securities lending or borrow ing rate. 
In each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
Attribute Criteria 
means one or more of the identification conditions listed in the section “Attribute 
Criteria” below , and specified in the applicable Final Terms that must be met 
by a Portfolio Component in addition to the Portfolio Component Type Criteria 
and the Component Portfolio Sub-Type Criteria (if any) and expressed as 
follow s: 
[for][w hich] [is][are] 
[not] 
[has][have][does 
not 
have][do 
not 
have] 
[a][an][Attribute(s)] [higher] [low er] [than] [or] [equal to][among the follow ing] 
[one of the follow ing] [is][are][not] [set to] [Attribute Value(s)]  
 
Criteria Impact 
means the constraint or set thereof w hich apply(ies) to an Attribute Criteria (or 
set thereof) in relation to a given set of Portfolio Component Type(s) and/or 
Portfolio Component Sub Type(s). It is expressed as follow s:: 
[[is][are] [not] allow ed] 
[must [not] have [an individual][an aggregate] [quantity][w eight (as determined 
by the Calculation Agent as its quantity multiplied by its price or level, converted 
if necessary into the Portfolio Currency, then divided by the Portfolio Level)] 
[higher][low er][than][or][equal to] [Quantitative Constraint]]. 
Where Quantitative Constraint(s) is a number, rate, percentage or level 
specified in the applicable Final Terms under the item Portfolio Eligibility 
Criteria.

--- Page 713 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Warrants 
 
713 
 
Modification Related 
Eligibility Criteria 
means one or more of the follow ing: 
 
The proposed Modification Proposal shall not require the Issuer or the Calculation Agent to 
trade more than [specify percentage] of the average of traded volumes on the relevant 
Exchange over the past [specify the number of days in the applicable Final Terms] days (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent); 
 
The Weighting Advisor must [not] propose [at least][at most][more than][less than] [specify 
number of Modification Proposal(s) in the applicable Final Terms] Modification Proposal(s) 
per [specify frequency]; 
 
The Weighting Advisor [may][must][not][only] 
propose a Modification Proposal on the 
follow ing dates: [specify date in the applicable Final Terms] 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 714 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Warrants 
 
714 
 
List of Attributes with Attribute Values 
 
Attributes 
Attribute Values 
listed on a regulated Exchange of 
[specify in the applicable Final Terms the country where the 
Exchange(s) of the Portfolio Component(s) which is(are) subject to 
the Component Related Eligibility Criteria are located.] 
listed on  
[specify in the applicable Final Terms the Exchange(s) of the 
Portfolio Component(s) which is(are) subject to the Component 
Related Eligibility Criteria] 
issued by  
[specify in the applicable Final Terms the Company(ies) or issuer(s) 
of the Portfolio Component(s) which is(are) subject to the 
Component Related Eligibility Criteria] 
issued by an entity located in  
[specify in the applicable Final Terms the registration country(ies) of 
the Company(ies) or issuer(s) of the Portfolio Component(s) which 
is(are) subject to the Component Related Eligibility Criteria] 
issued by an entity w hose industry is  
[specify in the applicable Final Terms the industry(ies) of the 
Company(ies) or issuer(s) of the Portfolio Component(s) which 
is(are) subject to the Component Related Eligibility Criteria] 
issued by an entity w hose sector is  
[specify in the applicable Final Terms the sector(s) of the Portfolio 
Component(s) or, as relevant, of the Company(ies) or issuer(s) of 
the Portfolio Component(s) which is(are) subject to the Component 
Related Eligibility Criteria] 
issued by an entity w hose sub-sector is  
[specify in the applicable Final Terms the sub-sector(s) of the 
Company(ies) or issuer(s) of the Portfolio Component(s) which 
is(are) subject to the Component Related Eligibility Criteria] 
denominated in  
[specify in the applicable Final Terms the denomination currency(ies) 
of the Portfolio Component(s) which is(are) subject to the 
Component Related Eligibility Criteria] 
issue size 
[specify in the applicable Final Terms the aggregate issue size of the 
Portfolio Component(s) which is(are) subject to the Component 
Related Eligibility Criteria] 
Net Asset Value 
[specify in the applicable Final Terms the aggregate net asset value 
of the Portfolio Component(s) which is(are) subject to the 
Component Related Eligibility Criteria]

--- Page 715 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Warrants 
 
715 
 
market capitalisation 
[specify in the applicable Final Terms the aggregate market 
capitalisation of the Portfolio Component(s) which is(are) subject to 
the Component Related Eligibility Criteria] 
[number of days] days average traded volume 
[specify in the applicable Final Terms the period (for example 60 
days) and the corresponding average volume traded on the relevant 
market or Exchange over such period] 
registered for public offering in 
[specify in the applicable Final Terms the country(ies) where the 
Portfolio Component(s) which is(are) subject to the Component 
Related Eligibility Criteria can be offered to the public] 
compliant w ith the European Union Directive 85/611/EEC 
of 20 December 1985 on the coordination of law s, 
regulations and administrative 
provisions relating to 
undertakings for collective investment in transferable 
securities or any successor thereto (including 
the 
Directive 2009/65/EC of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 13 July 2009, as amended) 
not applicable 
sponsored by 
[specify in the applicable Final Terms the sponsor of the Portfolio 
Component(s) (for example an index) which is(are) subject to the 
Component Related Eligibility Criteria] 
managed by 
[specify in the applicable Final Terms the manager of the Portfolio 
Component(s) which is(are) subject to the Component Related 
Eligibility Criteria] 
advised by 
[specify in the applicable Final Terms the advisor of the Portfolio 
Component(s) which is(are) subject to the Component Related 
Eligibility Criteria, for example the advisor of the fund] 
sub-managed by 
[specify in the applicable Final Terms the sub-manager of the 
Portfolio Component(s) which is(are) subject to the Component 
Related Eligibility Criteria] 
issued by an entity w hose long term credit rating 
[specify in the applicable Final Terms the credit rating of the 
Company(ies) or issuer(s) of the Portfolio Component(s) which 
is(are) subject to the Component Related Eligibility Criteria] 
published by 
[specify in the applicable Final Terms the publisher of the Portfolio 
Component(s) (for example an index) which is(are) subject to the 
Component Related Eligibility Criteria]

--- Page 716 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Warrants 
 
716 
 
member of [a publicly available Index] 
[specify in the applicable Final Terms the publicly available index or 
indices which must contain the Portfolio Component(s) which is(are) 
subject to the Component Related Eligibility Criteria] 
underlying 
[specify in the applicable Final Terms the underlying of the Portfolio 
Component(s) which is(are) subject to the Component Related 
Eligibility Criteria] 
eligible for inclusion to the assets of an Undertakings for 
Collective 
Investment 
in 
Transferable 
Securities 
complying 
w ith 
the 
European 
Union 
Directive 
85/611/EEC of 20 December 1985 on the coordination of 
law s, regulations and administrative provisions relating to 
undertakings for collective investment in transferable 
securities or any successor thereto (including 
the 
Directive 2009/65/EC of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 13 July 2009, as amended). 
not applicable 
Reference Price 
[specify in the applicable Final Terms the Reference Price election, 
see Condition 2.5] 
FX Hedge 
[specify in the applicable Final Terms the FX Hedge election, i.e. 
applicable or not applicable] 
3.6 
Changing the target exposures 
3.6.1 
The Weighting Advisor may on each Review  Date propose to the Calculation Agent a modification to the target gearing 
percentages of the exposures. 
The Weighting Advisor w ill be entitled to make modification proposals in relation to: 
(i) 
the value of TargetGearingLong; 
(ii) 
(the value of TargetGearingShort; 
(each a Target Exposure Modification Proposal, together the Target Exposure Modification Proposals) in accordance w ith the 
procedure described in Condition 3.7 (the Change in Target Gearings Procedure). It is understood that neither the Issuer nor the 
Calculation Agent w ill influence a Target Exposure Modification Proposal. 
In addition, w hen submitting a Target Exposure Modification Proposal, the Weighting Advisor shall provide (i) all necessary details 
required to implement such Target Exposure Modification Proposal and (ii) the Target Exposure Modification Trigger(s) applicable to 
such Target Exposure Modification Proposal. 
3.6.2 
Under normal market conditions, the Calculation Agent shall implement the Target Exposure Modification Proposals relating 
to the Portfolio unless the Calculation Agent determines: 
(i) 
the proposed Target Exposure Modification w ould breach or cause a breach of any provision of the Weighting 
Advisory Agreement, any applicable law , regulations or risk or compliance guidelines and policy of the Issuer or the 
Calculation Agent; or 
(ii) 
the Weighting Advisor fails to comply w ith the Terms and Conditions of the Warrants; or

--- Page 717 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Warrants 
 
717 
 
(iii) 
the information provided by the Weighting Advisor in relation to a proposed Target Exposure Modification is 
incomplete, in particular it does not include parameters w hich are necessary to implement the proposed Target 
Exposure Modification, including but not limited to the applicable Target Exposure Modification Trigger; or 
(iv) 
the Issuer's or any of its affiliate's ability to hedge its exposure under the Warrants w ould be materially affected by 
the implementation of the Target Exposure Modification Proposal; or 
(v) 
a case of Force Majeure Event affecting the Warrants, the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or the Weighting Advisor 
has occurred and is continuing. 
Unless a Target Exposure Modification Proposal has been rejected by the Calculation Agent on the basis of one or more of the above 
grounds, the Calculation Agent shall then implement such Target Exposure Modification Proposal in accordance w ith the Change in 
Target Gearings Procedure w ithout any liability of the Calculation Agent in relation to the opportunity of such Target Exposure 
Modification Proposal. 
The follow ing information shall be made available by the Calculation Agent on the Portfolio Publication Website: 
 
the values of the TargetGearingLong and TargetGearingShort; and 
 
the detail of each Target Exposure Modification Proposal including the applicable Target Exposure Modification Trigger. 
3.7 
Change in Target Gearings Procedure 
Subject to the provision of 3.6.2 above, the Calculation Agent shall on each Target Exposure Implementation Date make the Target 
Exposure Modification Proposal(s) to the Portfolio requested by the Weighting Advisor, provided the relevant request w as received 
before the Communication Deadline on the Review  Date. Any request received on a Review  Date after the Communication Deadline 
shall be deemed to be received on the immediately subsequent Review  Date. 
3.8 
Effect of Termination of Weighting Advisory Agreement 
If the Weighting Advisory Agreement is terminated prior to the Expiration Date(or, in case of open-ended Warrants, the last Expiration 
Date, the Calculation Agent may: 
(i) 
in the case of Warrants that are Cash Settled Warrants, an amount equal to the Early Termination Settlement Amount on 
the basis of Market Value as defined in Condition 5.5 of the General Terms and Conditions or (ii) in the case of Warrants 
that are Physical Delivery Warrants, subject to payment of the Exercise Price divided, if applicable, by the Parity, the Early 
Termination Physical Delivery Amount determined in accordance w ith Condition 5.5 of the General Terms and Conditions; 
or 
(ii) 
apply Monetisation until the Expiration Date(as defined in Condition 5.8 of the General Terms and Conditions); or 
name a substitute Weighting Advisor (the “Substitute Weighting Advisor”), suitable to the Calculation Agent, that w ill take 
over the obligations of the existing Weighting Advisor, as soon as possible after the occurrence of the Termination of the 
Weighting Advisory Agreement and no later than one month after the Termination of the Weighting Advisory Agreement. If  
the substitute Weighting Advisory Agreement is not signed at the same time as the Weighting Advisory Agreement is 
terminated, the Portfolio Components w ill keep the same w eightings as those on the date of Termination of the Weighting 
Advisory Agreement. If no such Substitute Weighting Advisor is named up to one month after the Termination of the 
Weighting Advisory Agreement, the Calculation Agent may apply either (i) or ((ii) above. 
4. 
CONSEQUENCES OF DISRUPTED DAYS FOR VALUATION DATES OR AVERAGING DATES 
If any Valuation Date or Averaging Date specified in the applicable Final Terms (the Scheduled Valuation Date or the Scheduled 
Averaging Date) is a Disrupted Day for a Portfolio, then the Valuation Date or Averaging Date for such Portfolio shall be the first

--- Page 718 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Warrants 
 
718 
 
succeeding Scheduled Calculation Date that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of that Portfolio, unless each of the eight Scheduled 
Calculation Dates immediately follow ing the Scheduled Valuation Date or Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day. In that case: 
(A) 
the eighth Scheduled Calculation Date shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date or Averaging Date, notw ithstanding the 
fact that such day is a Disrupted Day; and 
(B) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the level of the Portfolio on that eighth Scheduled Calculation Date in accordance w ith 
the formula for and method of calculating that Portfolio last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day; 
provided that if the Portfolio is included in a Basket, the hereabove provisions shall apply only to the Portfolio affected by the 
occurrence of a Disrupted Day and the Valuation Date or Averaging Date for each other underlying comprised in the Basket and not 
affected by a Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled Valuation Date or the Scheduled Averaging Date; 
provided however that: 
(a) 
if a Scheduled Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day, the Averaging Date shall be postponed pursuant to the provisions above 
to the first succeeding Scheduled Calculation Date that is not a Disrupted Day provided it is not also a Scheduled Averaging 
Date; if on the eighth Scheduled Calculation Date follow ing the Scheduled Averaging Date a Scheduled Calculation Date 
that is not a Disrupted Day nor another Scheduled Averaging Date has not occurred, then that eighth Scheduled Calculation 
Date shall be deemed the Averaging Date (irrespective of w hether that eighth Scheduled Calculation Date is also a 
Scheduled Averaging Date), and the Calculation Agent shall make on that day the determinations described in (B) above, 
and the good faith estimate of the level of the Portfolio so calculated shall be deemed the Closing Price; and 
(b) 
notw ithstanding the foregoing, a Valuation Date or an Averaging Date (postponed as the case may be pursuant to the 
provisions above) shall occur not later than the fourth Business Day before the date of any payment to be made under the 
Warrants on the basis of determinations made on such Valuation Date or Averaging Date. If a Valuation Date or an Averaging 
Date (postponed as the case may be pursuant to the provisions above) w ould fall after the fourth Business Day prior to the 
date of any payment to be made under the Warrants on the basis of determinations made on such Valuation Date or 
Averaging Date, then that fourth Business Day shall be deemed the Valuation Date or Averaging Date and the Calculation 
Agent shall make, on that day the determinations described in (B) above at the latest on such fourth Business Day and the 
good faith estimate of the level of the Portfolio so calculated shall be deemed the Portfolio Level, 
provided however that, all references to the w ord "fourth" above may be deemed to be a reference to another time limit as determined 
by the Calculation Agent pursuant to rules applicable to the relevant Clearing System. 
For the purposes of this Condition 4, Clearing System means the clearing system through w hich the Warrants are cleared and settled, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
5. 
ADJUSTMENTS, EVENTS, MONETISATION UNTIL THE EXPIRATION DATE, HEDGING DISRUPTION, INCREAS E D 
COST OF HEDGING, INCREASED COST OF BORROW, LOSS OF BORROW, CHANGE IN LAW CHINA CONNECT 
SHARE 
DISQUALIFICATION, 
CHINA 
CONNECT 
SERVICE 
TERMINATION,HOLDING 
LIMIT EVENTS 
AND 
CONSEQUENCES 
5.1 
Stop-Loss Event relating to a Portfolio 
If, on any Calculation Date after the initial Valuation Date (excluded) and before the last Valuation Date (included), the Portfolio Level 
of a Portfolio is affected by a decrease of 80 per cent. or more of its Portfolio Level on the initial Valuation Date (the Affected Portfolio 
and the event, the Stop-Loss Event), then the Calculation Agent may decide to: 
(A) 
consider such event as an event triggering an early termination of the Warrants (an Early Termination Event). In that case, 
the Issuer shall terminate its obligations under the Warrants and shall pay or cause to be paid (i) in the case of Warrants that 
are Cash Settled Warrants, an amount equal to the Early Termination Settlement Amount on the basis of Market Value as 
defined in Condition 5.5 of the General Terms and Conditions or (ii) in the case of Warrants that are Physical Delivery 
Warrants, subject to payment of the Exercise Price divided, if applicable, by the Parity, the Early Termination Physical 
Delivery Amount determined in accordance w ith Condition 5.5 of the General Terms and Conditions; or

--- Page 719 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Warrants 
 
719 
 
(B) 
continue the Warrants according to their terms. 
Subparagraph A shall not apply to Warrants to be listed on the Italian Exchange (Borsa Italiana S.p.A.). 
5.2 
Hedging Disruption, Increased Cost of Hedging, Increased Cost of Borrow, Loss of Borrow and consequences 
Hedging Disruption means, in respect of Warrants that have one or more Portfolio(s) as Underlying(s) that Societe Generale or any 
of its affiliates is unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to either (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, 
unw ind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the price risk of entering into and performing its 
obligations w ith respect to the Warrants or the agreement entered into w ith Societe Generale or any of its affiliates by the Issuer in 
relation to the Warrants; or (b) freely realize, recover, receive, repatriate, remit or transfer the proceeds of Hedge Positions as the 
case may be betw een accounts w ithin the jurisdiction of the Hedge Positions (the Affected Jurisdiction) or from accounts w ithin the 
Affected Jurisdiction to accounts outside of the Affected Jurisdiction. 
In addition, for Shares traded through the China Connect Services, the definition of Hedging Disruption is completed by adding: 
For the avoidance of doubt, "using commercially reasonable efforts" to hedge the risks w ith respect to the transaction(s) referred to 
in Hedging Disruption does not include the use of any quota granted to Societe Generale or its Affiliates under the Qualified Foreign 
Institutional Investor (QFII) or Renminbi Qualified Foreign Institutional Investor (RQFII) schemes. 
Increased Cost of Hedging means, in respect of Warrants that have one or more Portfolio(s) as Underlying(s), that Societe Generale 
or any of its affiliates w ould incur a materially increased (as compared w ith circumstances existing on the date(s) on w hich Societe 
Generale or any of its affiliates enters into the Hedge Positions in respect of the Warrants) amount of tax, duty, expense or  fee (other 
than brokerage commissions) or costs specified in these Additional Terms and Conditions, and the applicable Final Terms to (a) 
acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unw ind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge 
the equity price risk of entering into and performing its obligations w ith respect to the Warrants or any agreement entered into w ith 
Societe Generale or any of its affiliates by the Issuer w ith respect to the Warrants or (b) freely realize, recover or remit the proceeds 
of its Hedge Positions. 
Increased Cost of Borrow means, in respect of Warrants that have one or more Portfolio(s) as Underlying(s), that Societe Generale 
or any of its affiliates w ould incur a materially increased (as compared w ith circumstances existing on the date(s) on w hich Societe 
Generale or any of its affiliates enters into the Hedge Positions in respect of the Warrants) rate to borrow  hedging instruments in 
respect of the Warrants. 
Loss of Borrow  means, in respect of Warrants that have one or more Portfolio(s) as Underlying(s), that Societe Generale or any of 
its affiliates is unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to borrow  (or maintain a borrow ing of) hedging instruments w ith 
respect to the Warrants in an amount it deems necessary to hedge the equity price risk of entering into and performing its obligations 
w ith respect to the Warrants or any agreement entered into w ith Societe Generale or any of its affiliates by the Issuer w ith respect to 
the Warrants. 
In case of the occurrence of a Hedging Disruption, an Increased Cost of Hedging, an Increased Cost of Borrow  or a Loss of Borrow  
relating to a Portfolio (the Affected Underlying), the Calculation Agent may: 
(A) 
consider such event as an event triggering an early termination of the Warrants (an Early Termination Event). In that case, 
the Issuer shall terminate its obligations under the Warrants and shall pay or cause to be paid (i) in the case of Warrants that 
are Cash Settled Warrants, an amount equal to the Early Termination Settlement Amount on the basis of Market Value as 
defined in Condition 5.5 of the General Terms and Conditions or (ii) in the case of Warrants that are Physical Delivery 
Warrants, subject to payment of the Exercise Price divided, if applicable, by the Parity, the Early Termination Physical 
Delivery Amount determined in accordance w ith Condition 5.5 of the General Terms and Conditions; 
(B) 
apply the Monetisation until the Expiration Date (as defined in Condition 5.8 of the General Terms and Conditions); but only 
in the case of Increased Cost of Hedging; or 
(C) 
replace the Affected Underlying by a Similar Portfolio provided that w hen doing so, the Calculation Agent w ill make any 
relevant adjustment it determines appropriate to preserve the economic equivalent of the obligations of the Issuer under the 
Warrants (subject to any taxes to be w ithhold or paid). In particular, the Calculation Agent may but shall be under no obligation

--- Page 720 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Warrants 
 
720 
 
to remove the Portfolio Component triggering the Hedging Disruption, Increased Cost of Hedging, Increased Cost of Borrow  
or Loss of Borrow  and reinvest its proceeds into the other Portfolio Components, 
and: 
deduct: 
(i) 
in the case of Cash Settled Warrants, deduct (a) from the Optional Early Settlement Amount, Event-linked Early Settlement 
Amount, Early Trigger Level Settlement Amount or the Early Termination Settlement Amount (if any) due under the Warrants, 
as the case may be, on the payment date of the Optional Early Settlement Amount, Event-linked Early Settlement Amount, 
Early Trigger Level Settlement Amount or Early Termination Settlement Amount (if any) and (b) in the absence of any 
Optional Early Settlement Amount, Event-linked Early Settlement Amount, Early Trigger Level Settlement Amount or Early 
Termination Settlement Amount in respect of the Warrants, from the Cash Settlement Amount due on the Settlement Date, 
in each case after the occurrence of the Increased Cost of Hedging, the amount of any new , or any increase of, any tax, 
duty, expense or fee, that triggered the occurrence of the Increased Cost of Hedging incurred by Societe Generale or any of 
its affiliates in relation to the Hedge Positions hedging the payment obligations of the Issuer under the Warrants, such amou nt 
to be apportioned pro rata amongst the outstanding Warrants (such reduction being the Reduction Amount and the result 
of such deduction being floored at zero); or 
(ii) 
in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants, any Physical Delivery Amount, Event-Linked Early Settlement Price, Early 
Termination Physical Delivery Amount or Early Trigger Level Physical Delivery Amount w hich is calculated in connection 
w ith the Warrants shall be reduced by the Reduction Amount (subject to a floor of zero). 
5.3 
Change in Law and consequences 
Change in Law means in respect of Warrants that have one or more Portfolio(s) as Underlying(s) that, on or after the first to occur of 
(a) the Issue Date and (b) the first Valuation Date of the Warrants (i) due to the adoption of any change in any applicable law  or 
regulation (including w ithout limitation, any law  or regulation in respect of tax, solvency or capital requirements) or (ii) due to the 
promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority w ith competent jurisdiction of any 
applicable law  or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), the Calculation Agent determines that it has become 
illegal for Societe Generale or any of its affiliates to hold, acquire or dispose of Hedge Positions or to maintain the agreement entered 
into w ith Societe Generale or any of its affiliates by the Issuer of the Warrants, relating to the Underlying of the Warrants (the Affected 
Underlying). 
Upon the occurrence, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, on or prior to the last Valuation Date or the last Averaging Date 
of a Change in Law , the Calculation Agent w ill decide to: 
(A) 
consider such event as an event triggering an early termination of the Warrants (an Early Termination Event). In that case, 
the Issuer shall terminate its obligations under the Warrants and shall pay or cause to be paid (i) in the case of Warrants that 
are Cash Settled Warrants, an amount equal to the Early Termination Settlement Amount on the basis of Market Value as 
defined in Condition 5.5 of the General Terms and Conditions or (ii) in the case of Warrants that are Physical Delivery 
Warrants, subject to payment of the Exercise Price divided, if applicable, by the Parity, the Early Termination Physical 
Delivery Amount determined in accordance w ith Condition 5.5. of the General Terms and Conditions; 
(B) 
replace the Affected Underlying by a Similar Portfolio provided that w hen doing so, the Calculation Agent w ill make relevant 
adjustment it determines appropriate to preserve the economic equivalent of the obligations of the Issuer under the Warrants 
(subject to any taxes to be w ithhold or paid). In particular, the Calculation Agent may but shall be under no obligation to 
remove the Portfolio Component triggering the Change in Law  and reinvest its proceeds into the other Portfolio Components; 
or 
(C) 
apply the Monetisation until the Expiration Date (as defined in Condition 5.8 of the General Terms and Conditions). 
5.4 
China Connect Share Disqualification and China Connect Service Termination and consequences 
In respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services, the f ollow ing paragraphs apply:

--- Page 721 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Warrants 
 
721 
 
China Connect Share Disqualification means, on or after the Issue Date, the Shares cease to be accepted as "China Connect 
Securities" (as defined in the rules of the exchange of SEHK) for the purpose of the China Connect Service; 
China Connect Service Termination means, on or after the Issue Date, the announcement by one or more of the Exchange, SEHK, 
the CSDCC, HKSCC or any regulatory authority w ith competent jurisdiction of a suspension or termination of the China Connect 
Service or a part thereof for any reason w hich materially affects the routing of orders in respect of, or holding of, the Shares through 
the China Connect Service and the Calculation Agent determines that there is a reasonable likelihood that such suspension or 
termination is not, or w ill not be, temporary, then upon the occurrence of such events, the Calculation Agent may elect, w hile China 
Connect Share Disqualification or China Connect Service Termination is continuing, to terminate the transaction(s), upon at least two 
Scheduled Trading Days' notice specifying the date of such termination, in w hich event the Calculation Agent w ill apply the Early 
Termination. 
5.5 
Holding Limit Event 
In case of the occurrence of a Holding Limit Event relating to a Portfolio Component (the Affected Underlying), the Calculation Agent 
may: 
(A) 
consider such event as an event triggering an early termination of the Warrants (an Early Termination Event). In that case, 
the Issuer shall terminate its obligations under the Warrants and shall pay or cause to be paid (i) in the case of Warrants that 
are Cash Settled Warrants, an amount equal to the Early Termination Settlement Amount on the basis of Market Value as 
defined in Condition 5.5 of the General Terms and Conditions or (ii) in the case of Warrants that are Physical Delivery 
Warrants, subject to payment of the Exercise Price divided, if applicable, by the Parity, the Early Termination Physical 
Delivery Amount determined in accordance w ith Condition 5.5 of the General Terms and Conditions; 
(B) 
apply the Monetisation until the Expiration Date (as defined in Condition 5.8 of the General Terms and Conditions); or 
(C) 
replace the Affected Underlying by a Similar Portfolio Component provided that w hen doing so, the Calculation Agent w ill 
make any relevant adjustment it determines appropriate to preserve the economic equivalent of the obligations of the Issuer 
under the Warrants (subject to any taxes to be w ithhold or paid). In particular, the Calculation Agent may but shall be under  
no obligation to remove the Portfolio Component triggering the Holding Limit Event and reinvest its proceeds into the other 
Portfolio Components. 
6. 
PORTFOLIO DISRUPTION EVENTS 
6.1 
Consequences of a Portfolio Disruption Event 
For the purposes of this Condition: 
Portfolio Disruption Event means a Basket Component Disruption Event or a Market Data Disruption Event, both as determined by 
the Calculation Agent. 
Basket Component Disruption Event means an Equity Instrument Disruption Event, a Commodity Instrument Disruption Event, a 
Debt Instrument Disruption Event or a Derivatives Instrument Disruption Event. 
If a Portfolio Disruption Event occurs on a Scheduled Calculation Date (a Disrupted Day), then the Calculation Agent shall not calculate 
the Portfolio Level on such Disrupted Day and the next Calculation Date for all Portfolio Components shall be the first succeeding 
Scheduled Calculation Date that is not a Disrupted Day for any Portfolio Component as determined by the Calculation Agent, unless 
each of the eight Scheduled Calculation Dates immediately follow ing the initial Disrupted Day is also a Disrupted Day for any Portfolio 
Component, in w hich case: 
(i) 
the eighth Scheduled Calculation Date follow ing the initial Disrupted Day, and each Scheduled Calculation Date that is a 
Disrupted Day thereafter, shall be deemed to be a Calculation Date (each, a Disrupted Calculation Date), notw ithstanding 
the existence of a Portfolio Disruption Event on such date and only for the purpose of determining the Portfolio Level; and 
(ii) 
on each Disrupted Calculation Date, the Calculation Agent shall calculate the Portfolio Level in accordance w ith the formula 
for and method of calculating the Portfolio Level as set out in these Conditions provided that:

--- Page 722 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Warrants 
 
722 
 
(a) 
if the Portfolio Disruption Event is a Basket Component Disruption Event in relation to one or more of the Basket 
Component(s) only (such Basket Component(s) the Affected Basket Component(s)): 
(x) 
the level or price of the Affected Basket Component(s) shall be calculated using the level or price of such 
Affected Basket Component(s) last in effect prior to the occurrence of the relevant Basket Component 
Disruption Event; and 
(y) 
the level of each of the Market Data as described in the definition of such Market Data on the relevant 
date(s) of determination shall be calculated as if no Portfolio Disruption Event existed; 
(b) 
if the Portfolio Disruption Event is a Market Data Disruption Event in relation to one or more of the Market Data only 
(such Market Data the Affected Market Data): 
(x) 
the level or price of each Basket Component as described in the definition of such Basket Component(s), 
on the relevant date(s) of determination shall be calculated as if no Portfolio Disruption Event existed; and  
(y) 
the level of the Affected Market Data shall be determined in good faith using relevant market indicators on 
the relevant date(s) of determination; or 
(c) 
if the Portfolio Disruption Event comprises both a Basket Component Disruption Event as w ell as a Market Data 
Disruption Event: 
(x)  
the level or price of the Affected Basket Component(s) shall be calculated using the level or price of such 
Affected Basket Component last in effect prior to the occurrence of the relevant Basket Component 
Disruption Event; and 
(y)  
the level of the Affected Market Data shall be determined in good faith using relevant market indicators on 
the relevant date(s) of determination. 
For the avoidance of doubt, for the purpose of this Condition 5.1, any Portfolio Component(s) that are neither an Affected Basket 
Component, nor an Affected Market Data w ill be valued as of the Disrupted Calculation Date. 
Notw ithstanding the foregoing, if a Portfolio Disruption Event is continuing on any day falling on or after the first Disrupted Calculation 
Date, then the Calculation Agent may: 
(a) 
apply Monetisation until the Expiration Date (as defined in Condition 5.8 of the General Terms and Conditions); or 
(b) 
substitute the relevant Affected Basket Component or Affected Market Data w ith another instrument (w hich shall then 
become a substitute Basket Component or Market Data) provided that w hen doing so, the Calculation Agent w ill make any 
relevant adjustment it determines appropriate to preserve the economic equivalent of the obligations of the Issuer under the 
Warrants (subject to any taxes to be w ithhold or paid); or 
(c) 
consider such event as an event triggering an early termination of the Warrants (an Early Termination Event). In that case, 
the Issuer shall terminate its obligations under the Warrants and shall pay or cause to be paid (i) in the case of Warrants that 
are Cash Settled Warrants, an amount equal to the Early Termination Settlement Amount on the basis of Market Value as 
defined in Condition 5.5 of the General Terms and Conditions or (ii) in the case of Warrants that are Physical Delivery 
Warrants, subject to payment of the Exercise Price divided, if applicable, by the Parity, the Early Termination Physical 
Delivery Amount determined in accordance w ith Condition 5.5 of the General Terms and Conditions. 
6.2 
Equity Instrument Disruption Event 
Equity Instrument Disruption Event means, in respect of any Basket Component that is an Equity Instrument, 
1. 
if the Equity Instrument is a Share, an ETF Share or an Underlying Index on the aforementioned, and 
(a) 
if the Basket Component Type is “Share” or “ETF”, the occurrence or existence of a Share Disruption Event, or

--- Page 723 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Warrants 
 
723 
 
(b) 
if the Basket Component Type is “Index”, the non-publication of the Underlying Index, or the announcement of a 
disruption event by the index sponsor of such Underlying Index, or a Share Disruption Event in respect of one or 
more of the components in such Underlying Index, or 
2. 
if the Equity Instrument is a Fund Unit or an Underlying Index on Funds or any similar instrument specified in the applicable  
Final Terms, and 
(a) 
if the Basket Component Type is “Fund”, the occurrence or existence of a Fund Disruption Event, or 
(b) 
if the Basket Component Type is “Index”, the non-publication of the Underlying Index, or the announcement of a 
disruption event by the index sponsor of such Underlying Index, or a Fund Disruption Event in respect of one or 
more of the components in such Underlying Index. 
Where, 
Share Disruption Event means (a) a Trading Disruption; (b) an Exchange Disruption or (c) an Early Closure. 
For the purpose hereof: 
(A) 
Trading Disruption means in respect of an Equity Instrument that is a Share, an ETF Share or Underlying Index on the 
aforementioned, any suspension of or limitation on trading imposed by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or 
otherw ise and w hether by reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related 
Exchange or otherw ise 
(a) 
relating to (i) such Shares, ETF Shares or (ii) any securities or instruments underlying such Underlying Index on the 
relevant Exchange(s), or 
(b) 
relating to futures or options contracts on any relevant Related Exchange relating to (i) such Shares, ETF Shares, 
Underlying Index or (ii) any securities or instruments underlying such Underlying Index; 
(B) 
Exchange Disruption means in respect of an Equity Instrument that is a Share, an ETF Share or an Underlying Index on 
the aforementioned, any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs the ability of market participants in 
general to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for 
(a) 
(i) such Shares, ETF Shares or (ii) any securities or instruments underlying such Underlying Index on the relevant 
Exchange(s) or 
(b) 
futures or options contracts on any relevant Related Exchange, relating to (i) such Shares, ETF Shares, Underlying 
Index or (ii) any securities or instruments underlying such Underlying Index; 
(C) 
Early Closure means in respect of an Equity Instrument that is a Share, an ETF Share or an Underlying Index on the 
aforementioned, the closure on any Exchange Business Day of  
(a) 
any relevant Exchange(s) relating to (i) Shares, ETF Shares or (ii) any securities or instrument underlying such 
Underlying Index or 
(b) 
any Related Exchange for futures or options contracts relating to (i) such Shares, ETF Shares, Underlying Index or 
(ii) any securities or instrument underlying such Underlying Index; 
in each case prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing is announced by such Exchange or Related Exchang e 
(as the case may be) at least one hour prior to the earlier of (x) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange 
or Related Exchange (as the case may be) on such Exchange Business Day and (y) the submission deadline for orders to be enter ed 
into the Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the relevant Scheduled Closing Time on such Exchange Business 
Day. 
And w here,

--- Page 724 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Warrants 
 
724 
 
Fund Disruption Event means the occurrence or the likely occurrence of (a) a Calculation and/or Publication Disruption, (b) a Fund 
Settlement Disruption, or (c) a NAV Determination Disruption Event. 
For the purpose hereof: 
(A) 
Calculation and/or Publication Disruption means, in respect of an Equity Instrument that is a Fund Unit or an Underlying 
Index on the aforementioned, the occurrence of an event, beyond the control of a Hypothetical Replicating Party (including 
in case of any gate, deferral, suspension or other provisions in the Fund Documents permitting the Fund or fund underlying 
such Underlying Index to delay or refuse subscription and/or redemption orders) w hich precludes the calculation and/or 
publication of the Net Asset Value by the Fund (or the Fund Service Provider generally in charge of calculating such official 
Net Asset Value) or the net asset value of such fund underlying such Underlying Index. 
(B) 
Fund Settlement Disruption means, in respect of an Equity Instrument that is a Fund Unit or an Underlying Index on the 
aforementioned, a failure by the Fund or fund underlying such Underlying Index to pay in cash the full amount of the 
redemption proceeds on the date by w hich the Fund or fund underlying such Underlying Index w as sc heduled to have paid 
such amount and w hich, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, makes it impossible or impracticable to determine the 
Net Asset Value of such Fund or the net asset value of such fund underlying such Underlying Index, including w ithout 
limitation due to (a) the transfer of all illiquid assets of such Fund or fund underlying such Underlying Index to a dedicate d 
fund, account or structure pending the liquidation of such assets for the benefit of existing holders of the Fund Units (side 
pocket), (b) the restriction on the amount or number of redemptions orders that the Fund or fund underlying such Underlying 
Index (or the Fund Service Provider generally in charge of accepting redemption orders) w ill accept in relation to a single 
date on w hich such Fund or fund underlying such Underlying Index normally accepts redemption orders (a gate), (c) the 
suspension for any reason of the subscription or redemption orders by the Fund or fund underlying such Underlying Index 
(or the Fund Service Provider generally in charge of accepting subscription and redemption orders), or (d) the postponement 
of the payment of the balance of redemption proceeds to a date occurring after the financial statements of the Fund or fund 
underlying such Underlying Index have been review ed by its statutory auditors (holdback), in each case w hether these events 
are imposed by the Fund or fund underlying such Underlying Index w ithout being envisaged in the Fund Documents on the 
Issue Date or are already envisaged by the Fund Documents on the Issue Date and are solely implemented by the Fund or 
fund underlying such Underlying Index after such date. 
(C) 
NAV Determination Disruption Event means, in respect of an Equity Instrument that is a Fund Unit or an Underlying Index 
on the aforementioned, the occurrence of any event, beyond the control of a Hypothetical Replicating Party that is not a 
Calculation and/or Publication Disruption or Fund Settlement Disruption affecting such Fund or fund underlying such 
Underlying Index w hich, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, making it impossible or impracticable to determine the 
Net Asset Value of such Fund or net asset value of such fund underlying such Underlying Index. 
In respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services, the follow ing definition of Share Disruption Event applies: 
(A) 
Share Disruption Event means, in respect of a Share, the occurrence or existence of (A) a Trading Disruption, (B) an 
Exchange Disruption, (C) a China Connect Disruption, w hich, in either case, the Calculation Agent determines is material, at 
any time during the one hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time or (D) an Early Closure or (E) a China Connect 
Early Closure. For the purpose hereof: 
(B) 
Trading Disruption means, in respect of a Share, any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the relevant 
Exchange or Related Exchange or otherw ise and w hether by reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by 
the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherw ise (a) relating to the Share on the Exchange or (b) in futures or options 
contracts relating to the Share on any relevant Related Exchange; 
(C) 
Exchange Disruption means, in respect of a Share, any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general to effect transactions in, or obtain market 
values for (a) the Share on the Exchange, or (b) futures or options contracts relating to the Share on any relevant Related 
Exchange; 
(D) 
China Connect Disruption means (i) any suspension of or limitation imposed on routing of orders (including in respect of 
buy orders only, sell orders only or both buy and sell orders) through the China Connect Service, relating to the Share on 
the Exchange or (ii) any event (other than a China Connect Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the

--- Page 725 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Warrants 
 
725 
 
Calculation Agent) the ability of the market participants in general to enter orders in respect of Shares through the China 
Connect Service; 
(E) 
Early Closure means, the closure on any Exchange Business Day of (a) the relevant Exchange, or (b) any Related 
Exchange, prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing is announced by such Exchange or Related 
Exchange (as the case may be) at least one hour prior to the earlier of (x) the actual closing time for the regular trading 
session on such Exchange or Related Exchange (as the case may be) on such Exchange Business Day and (y) the 
submission deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the relevant 
Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day; 
(F) 
China Connect Early Closure means the closure on any China Connect Business Day of the China Connect Service prior 
to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is announced by SEHK or the Exchange, as the case may 
be, at least one hour prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for order-routing through the China Connect Service on 
such China Connect Business Day and (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the China Connect Service 
system for execution on the Exchange at the Valuation Time on such China Connect Business Day. 
6.3 
Commodity Instrument Disruption Event 
Commodity Instrument Disruption Event means, in respect of a Basket Component that is a Commodity Instrument, any event 
that, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent disrupts or impairs the determination of the level or price of such Commodity Instrument, 
and includes, w ithout limitation: 
1. 
if the Basket Component Type is a Single Commodity, the occurrence or existence of a Failure to Publish, Trading Disruption, 
Exchange Disruption or Early Closure; or 
2. 
if the Basket Component Type is Index, the non-publication of the Underlying Index, or the announcement of a disruption 
event by the index sponsor of such Underlying Index, or a Failure to Publish, Trading Disruption, Exchange Disruption or 
Early Closure in respect of one or more of the components in such Underlying Index, 
Where, 
(A) 
Failure to Publish means the failure by the relevant price source to make public the relevant price, or the temporary or 
permanent discontinuance or unavailability of the price source; or 
(B) 
Trading Disruption means, in respect of a Commodity Instrument that is a Single Commodity or an Underlying Index on the 
aforementioned, any suspension of or limitation on trading – imposed by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or 
otherw ise and w hether by reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related 
Exchange or otherw ise – (a) relating to such Single Commodity, Underlying Index or any securities or instrument underlying 
such Underlying Index on the Exchange, or (b) relating to futures or options contracts relating to such Single Commodity, 
Underlying Index or any securities or instrument underlying such Underlying Index on any relevant Related Exchange. 
(C) 
Exchange Disruption means, in respect of a Commodity Instrument that is a Single Commodity or an Underlying Index on 
the aforementioned, any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs the ability of market participants in 
general to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, (a) (i) such Commodity Instrument or (ii) any securities or 
instrument underlying such Underlying Index, on the relevant Exchange(s) or (b) futures or options contracts, or other 
derivatives on the relevant Related Exchange or over-the-counter market, relating to (i) such Commodity Instrument or (ii) 
any securities or instrument underlying such Underlying Index, 
(D) 
Early Closure means, in respect of a Commodity Instrument that is a Single Commodity or an Underlying Index on the 
aforementioned, the closure on any Exchange Business Day of: 
(a) 
any relevant Exchange(s) relating to (i) such Commodity Instrument or (ii) any securities or instrument underlying 
such Underlying Index or; 
(b) 
any Related Exchange for futures or options contracts relating to (i) such Commodity Instrument or (ii) any securities 
or instrument underlying such Underlying Index,

--- Page 726 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Warrants 
 
726 
 
prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing is announced by such Exchange or Related Exchange (as the case 
may be) at least one hour prior to the earlier of (x) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange or Related 
Exchange (as the case may be) on such Exchange Business Day and (y) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the 
Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the relevant Scheduled Closing Time on such Exchange Business Day. 
6.4 
Debt Instrument Disruption Event 
Debt Instrument Disruption Event means w ith respect to a Basket Component that is a Debt Instrument, the occurrence of any of 
the follow ing events: 
1. 
if the Basket Component Type is Single Debt, the occurrence or existence of a Failure to Publis h, Trading Disruption, 
Exchange Disruption or Early Closure, or 
2. 
if the Basket Component Type is Index, the non-publication of the Underlying Index, or the announcement of a disruption 
event by the index sponsor of such Underlying Index, or a Failure to Publish, Trading Disruption, Exchange Disruption or 
Early Closure in respect of one or more of the components in such Underlying Index, 
Where, 
(A) 
Failure to Publish means the non-publication of the closing levels or market value of the relevant Debt Instrument (or any 
securities or instrument underlying such Debt Instrument in the case of an Underlying Index), including pursuant to the 
redemption, cancellation or permanent discontinuance of the relevant Debt Instrument (or any securities or instrument 
underlying such Debt Instrument in the case of an Underlying Index). 
(B) 
Trading Disruption means the suspension or limitation imposed on trading on the over-the-counter, organized or Regulated 
Market(s) on w hich the relevant Debt Instrument (or any securities or instrument underlying such Debt Instrument in the case 
of an Underlying Index) is traded, 
(C) 
Exchange Disruption means any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs the ability of market 
participants in general to effect transactions in, comply w ith its clearing obligations, or obtain market values for, (a) such (i) 
Debt Instrument or (ii) any securities or instrument underlying such Debt Instrument in the case of an Underlying Index, on 
the relevant Exchange or (b) futures or options contracts, or other derivatives on the relevant Related Exchange or 
over-the-counter market, relating to (i) such Debt Instrument or (ii) any securities or instrument underlying such Debt 
Instrument in the case of an Underlying Index, 
(D) 
Early Closure means the closure on any Exchange Business Day of: 
(a) 
any relevant Exchange(s) relating to (i) such Debt Instrument or (ii) any securities or instrument underlying a Debt 
Instrument that is an Underlying Index or; 
(b) 
any Related Exchange for futures or options contracts relating to (i) such Debt Instrument or (ii) any securities or 
instrument underlying a Debt Instrument that is an Underlying Index, 
prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
6.5 
Derivatives Instrument Disruption Event 
Derivatives Instrument Disruption Event means w ith respect to a Basket Component that is a Derivatives Instrument, the 
occurrence of any of the follow ing events: 
1. 
if the Basket Component Type is Single Derivatives, the occurrence or existence of a Failure to Publish, Trading Disruption, 
Exchange Disruption or Early Closure, or 
2. 
if the Basket Component Type is Index, the non-publication of the Underlying Index, or the announcement of a disruption 
event by the index sponsor of such Underlying Index, or a Failure to Publish, Trading Disruption, Exchange Disruption or 
Early Closure in respect of one or more of the components in such Underlying Index,

--- Page 727 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Warrants 
 
727 
 
Where, 
(A) 
Failure to Publish means the non-publication of the closing levels or market value of the relevant Derivatives Instrument (or 
any securities or instrument underlying such Derivatives Instrument in the case of an Underlying Index), including pursuant 
to the redemption, cancellation or permanent discontinuance of the relevant Derivatives Instrument (or any securities or 
instrument underlying such Derivatives Instrument in the case of an Underlying Index), 
(B) 
Trading Disruption means the suspension or limitation on trading imposed on the over-the-counter, organized or regulated 
market(s) on w hich the relevant Derivatives Instrument (or any securities or instrument underlying such Derivatives 
Instrument in the case of an Underlying Index) is traded, 
(C) 
Exchange Disruption means any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs the ability of market 
participants in general to effect transactions in, comply w ith its clearing obligations or obtain market values for, (a) (i) such 
Derivatives Instrument or (ii) any securities or instrument underlying such Derivatives Instrument in the case of an Underlyi ng 
Index, on the relevant Exchange or (b) futures or options contracts, or other derivatives on the relevant Related Exchange 
or over-the-counter market, relating to (i) such Derivatives Instrument or (ii) any securities or instrument underlying such 
Derivatives Instrument in the case of an Underlying Index, 
(D) 
Early Closure means the closure on any Exchange Business Day of: 
(a) 
any relevant Exchange(s) relating to (i) such Derivatives Instrument or (ii) any securities or instrument underlying a 
Derivatives Instrument that is an Underlying Index or; 
(b) 
any Related Exchange for futures or options contracts relating to (i) such Derivatives Instrument or (ii) any securities 
or instrument underlying a Derivatives Instrument that is an Underlying Index, 
in each case, prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
6.6 
Market Data Disruption Event 
Market Data Disruption Event means w ith respect to a Portfolio Component that is Market Data, the non-publication of the level of 
any Market Data used by the Calculation Agent for the purposes of calculating the Portfolio Level. 
7. 
PORTFOLIO EXTRAORDINARY EVENTS 
7.1 
Consequences of a Portfolio Extraordinary Event 
If a Portfolio Extraordinary Event occurs in respect of one or more Portfolio Component(s) (any such Portfolio Component, an Affected 
Portfolio Component) on a Scheduled Calculation Date (an Extraordinary Event Day), then the Calculation Agent may: 
(a) 
apply Monetisation until the Expiration Date (as defined in Condition 5.8 of the General Terms and Conditions); or 
(b) 
substitute the Affected Portfolio Component w ith another instrument (w hich shall then become a substitute Portfolio 
Component) provided that w hen doing so, the Calculation Agent w ill make any relevant adjustment it determines appropriate 
to preserve the economic equivalent of the obligations of the Issuer under the Warrants (subject to any taxes to be w ithhold 
or paid); or 
(c) 
consider such event as an event triggering an early termination of the Warrants (an Early Termination Event). In that case, 
the Issuer shall terminate its obligations under the Warrants and shall pay or cause to be paid (i) in the case of Warrants that 
are Cash Settled Warrants, an amount equal to the Early Termination Settlement Amount on the basis of Market Value as 
defined in Condition 5.5 of the General Terms and Conditions or (ii) in the case of Warrants that are Physical Delivery 
Warrants, subject to payment of the Exercise Price divided, if applicable, by the Parity, the Early Termination Physical 
Delivery Amount determined in accordance w ith Condition 5.5 of the General Terms and Conditions.

--- Page 728 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Warrants 
 
728 
 
For the purposes of this Condition: 
Portfolio Extraordinary Event means an Equity Instrument Extraordinary Event, a Commodity Instrument Extraordinary Event, a 
Debt Instrument Extraordinary Event, a Derivatives Instrument Extraordinary Event, a Market Data Extraordinary Event or an 
Underlying Index Extraordinary Event as defined herein. 
7.2 
Equity Instrument Extraordinary Event 
Equity Instrument Extraordinary Event means, in respect of a Basket Component that is an Equity Instrument, (i) if such Equity 
Instrument is a Share issued by a Company, the occurrence or existence of a Share Extraordinary Event, (ii) if such Equity Instrument 
is an ETF Share, the occurrence or existence of a Share Extraordinary Event or an ETF Extraordinary Event, or (iii) if such Equity 
Instrument is a Fund Unit, the occurrence or existence a Fund Extraordinary Event. 
Where, 
(i) 
Share Extraordinary Event means (a) a Liquidation; (b) a Delisting; (c) a Nationalisation; (d) a Merger Event; (e) a 
De-Merger Event or (f) a Participation Event. 
(A) 
Liquidation means that the company related to this Share or the ETF related to this ETF Share is subject to a 
voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or w inding-up, nationalisation, expropriation or is otherw ise required 
to be transferred to any governmental agency, authority, entity or instrumentality thereof. 
(B) 
Delisting means that the relevant Exchange announces that pursuant to the rules of such Exchange, the Share or 
ETF Share ceases (or w ill cease) to be listed, traded or publicly quoted on the Exchange for any reason (other than 
the events described under Share Disruption Event) and is not immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on an 
exchange or quotation system located in the same country as the Exchange (or w here the Exchange is w ithin the 
European Union, in any member state of the European Union). 
(C) 
Nationalisation means that all the Shares or ETF Shares or all or substantially all of the assets of a company or 
ETF are nationalised, expropriated or are otherw ise required to be transferred to any governmental agency, 
authority, entity or instrumentality thereof. 
(D) 
Merger Event means, in respect of any Share: 
(a) 
any reclassification or change of such Share (including the change of currency reference of the Share) 
that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all of such Share outstanding to 
another entity or person; 
(b) 
any consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the relevant Company w ith or into 
another entity (other than a consolidation, amalgamation or merger in w hich such Company is the 
continuing entity and w hich does not result in a reclassification or change of all of such Shares 
outstanding); 
(c) 
other take-over offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or 
person to purchase or otherw ise obtain 100 per cent. of the outstanding Shares that results in a transfer 
of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all or part of such Shares (other than any of such Shares 
ow ned or controlled by the offeror); 
(d) 
any consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the relevant Company or its 
subsidiaries w ith or into another entity in w hich such Company is the continuing entity and w hich does not 
result in a reclassification or change of all of such Shares outstanding but results in the outstanding Shares 
(other than Shares ow ned or controlled by such other entity) immediately prior to such event collectively 
representing less than 50 per cent. of the outstanding Shares immediately follow ing such event; or 
(e) 
take-over offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person 
that results in such entity or person purchasing or otherw ise obtaining or having the right to obtain, by

--- Page 729 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Warrants 
 
729 
 
conversion or other means, greater than 10 per cent. and less than 100 per cent. of the outstanding voting 
shares of the Company, as determined by the Calculation Agent based upon the making of filings w ith 
governmental or self-regulatory agencies or such other information as the Calculation Agent deems 
relevant. 
(E) 
De-merger Event means, in respect of any Share, that the Company relevant to such Share is affected by a 
de-merger including, w ithout limitation, a spin off, scission or any operation of a similar nature. 
(F) 
Participation Event means that a Company (w hose Shares form part of the Portfolio) takes a stake exceeding 20 
per cent. of another Company w hose Shares (w hich shall be the Affected Share in respect of such Participation 
Event) also form part of the Portfolio. 
(ii) 
ETF Extraordinary Event means (a) ETF Strategy Breach, (b) ETF Termination, (c) ETF Currency Change, (d) ETF 
Regulatory Action, (e) ETF Reporting Event, (f) ETF Modification, (g) ETF Reclassification or (h) ETF Redemption or 
Subscription Event. 
(A) 
ETF Strategy Breach means any change to, breach or violation, intentional or otherw ise, of the Strategy that is 
reasonably likely to affect the value of the ETF Shares or the rights or remedies of any holders thereof. 
(B) 
ETF Termination means the cessation or unw inding, by the ETF Manager of the legal arrangements w hich gave 
rise to the ETF. 
(C) 
ETF Currency Change means that the net asset value of the ETF is quoted in a different currency to that quoted 
as of the Issue Date. 
(D) 
ETF Regulatory Action means (i) any cancellation, suspension or revocation of the registration or approval of the 
ETF or the ETF Shares by any governmental, legal or regulatory entity w ith authority over the ETF or the ETF 
Shares, (ii) any change in the legal, tax, accounting, or regulatory treatments of the ETF, any ETF Manager or the 
ETF Shares that the Calculation Agent determines has or is reasonably likely to have an adverse impact on the 
investors in the ETF or the holders of the ETF Shares or on the value of the ETF Shares, or (iii) the ETF, or its ETF 
Manager becoming subject to any investigation, proceeding or litigation by any relevant governmental, legal or 
regulatory authority involving any activities relating to or resulting from the operation of the ETF, (including, w ithout 
limitation, any future, announced or implemented material change to any one or more exemptive orders, no action 
letters or interpretative guidance of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC), including guidance 
issued by the SEC’s staff, relating to the ETF or to exchange traded funds generally that affects holders of the ETF 
Shares, w hether occurring through action of the SEC or otherw ise, including as a result of a court order or executive 
order) that the Calculation Agent determines has or is reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the 
value, redeemability or liquidity of the ETF Shares, or the operation of the ETF in accordance w ith the terms of the 
ETF Documents or (iv) the issuance by any governmental, legal or regulatory entity w ith authority over the Fund of 
an order to suspend redemption obligations of the ETF, to freeze assets of the ETF or to take any other action that 
the Calculation Agent determines is reasonably likely to have a material effect on the value, redeemability or liquidity 
of the ETF Shares. 
(E) 
ETF Reporting Event means, the occurrence of any event affecting the ETF that, in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent w ould make it impossible or impracticable for the Calculation Agent to determine the net asset 
value of the ETF, and such event continues for at least five consecutive Exchange Business Days. 
(F) 
ETF Modification means any change or modification of the ETF Documents that could reasonably be expected to 
affect the value of the ETF Shares or the rights or remedies of any holders thereof from those prevailing on the 
Issue Date. 
(G) 
ETF Reclassification means (i) the reclassification of the ETF Shares or (ii) the acquisition of the ETF by, or the 
aggregation of ETF into, another fund w hose mandate, risk-profile and/or benchmarks that the Calculation Agent 
determines to be different from the mandate, risk-profile and/or benchmark as of the Issue Date (or any proposal 
for the foregoing occurs).

--- Page 730 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Warrants 
 
730 
 
(H) 
ETF Redemption or Subscription Event means (i) the suspension of transfers of any ETF Shares, (ii) the 
introduction of a mandatory redemption or partial redemption of the ETF Shares, (iii) the non-execution of any 
creation, subscription or redemption order in respect of the ETF Shares, or (iv) the introduction or proposed 
introduction of subscription or redemption fees w ith respect to the ETF Shares in excess of those in effect as of the 
Issue Date. 
For the purposes of this Condition: 
ETF Documents means in respect of any ETF, the constitutive and governing documents, subscription agreements and 
other agreements of the ETF specifying the terms and conditions relating to such ETF. 
ETF Manager means, in respect of an ETF, each of the investment advisor, investment manager and sub-manager of such 
ETF, and any other key individual or entity involved w ith or having supervisory or management pow ers over such ETF. 
Strategy means, in relation to the ETF, the strategies or investment guidelines stated in the ETF Documents w hich contribute 
to the net asset value of the ETF Shares. 
(iii) 
Fund Extraordinary Event means the occurrence of any of the follow ing events: (a) Breach or Termination of Agreement, 
(b) Closure of the Fund, (c) Fund Adviser Event, (d) Fund Insolvency Event, (e) Fund Modification, (f) Fund Service Provider 
Event, (g) Holding Ratio, (h) Insolvency, (i) Liquidity Modification, (j) Merger Event, (k) Nationalization, (l) Regulatory Action, 
(m) Reporting Disruption, (n) Strategy Breach. 
(A) 
Breach or Termination of Agreement means any failure by the Fund or a Fund Service Provider, as the case 
may be, to comply w ith or perform any agreement entered into by the Fund or a Fund Service Provider w ith Societe 
Generale and/or one of its affiliates, defining the terms and conditions at w hich Societe Generale and/or one of its 
affiliates may make subscriptions and/or redemptions in the Fund Units (as the case may be, different from the 
subscriptions and redemptions terms then prevailing pursuant to the Fund Documents), including as the case may 
be the rebates of management fees to be paid to Societe Generale and/or one of its affiliates, the termination of 
such agreement by the Fund or a Fund Service Provider for reasons beyond the control of Societe Generale or its 
affiliates or the failing or ceasing of such agreement to be in full force and effect or the Fund or the Fund Service 
Provider disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates or rejects in w hole or in part or challenges the validity of such agreement;  
(B) 
Closure of the Fund means liquidation, w inding up or dissolution of the Fund for any reason other than those 
mentioned in (D) or (H) below ; 
(C) 
Fund Adviser Event means that the Calculation Agent determines that over a period of tw elve months, the total 
value of the assets managed by the Fund Adviser (including the Fund) has decreased by 50 per cent (either due 
to redemptions or decrease in value of such assets); 
(D) 
Fund Insolvency Event means, in respect of any Fund Unit, that the related Fund (a) is dissolved or has a 
resolution passed for its dissolution, w inding-up, official liquidation (other than pursuant to a consolidation, 
amalgamation or merger); (b) makes a general assignment or arrangement w ith or for the benefit of its creditors, 
(c) (i) institutes or has instituted against it, by a regulator, supervisor or any similar official w ith primary insolvency, 
rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or the jurisdiction 
of its head or home office, a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under 
any bankruptcy or insolvency law  or other similar law  affecting creditors’ rights, or a petition is presented for its 
w inding-up or liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official, or (ii) has instituted against it a 
proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency 
law  or other similar law  affecting creditors’ rights, or a petition is presented for its w inding-up or liquidation, and 
such proceeding or petition is instituted or presented by a person or entity not described in clause (i) above and 
either (x) results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the making of an 
order for its w inding-up or liquidation or (y) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case w ithin 
fifteen days of the institution or presentation thereof; (d) seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an 
administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar offic ial for it or for all 
or substantially all its assets; (e) has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a 
distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or

--- Page 731 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Warrants 
 
731 
 
substantially all of its assets and such secured party maintains possession, or any such process is not dismissed, 
discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case w ithin fifteen days thereafter; or (f) causes or is subject to any event 
w ith respect to it w hich, under the applicable law s of any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events 
specified in clauses (a) through (e) above; 
(E) 
Fund Modification means any change or modification of the related Fund Documents prevailing on the Issue Date, 
that could reasonably be expected to affect the value of such Fund Unit or the rights or remedies of any holders 
thereof (including but not limited to an open-end fund that becomes a closed-end fund), as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; 
(F) 
Fund Service Provider Event means (a) a change, resignation, termination or replacement of any Fund Service 
Provider, (b) a change of control or indirect control of any Fund Service Provider, (c) any of the Fund Service 
Provider is subject to a Fund Service Provider Insolvency Event, w here "Fund Service Provider Insolvency Event" 
has the same meaning as Fund Insolvency Event described in (D) above, except that Fund is replaced by Fund 
Service Provider or (d) in the reasonable opinion of the Calculation Agent any of the Fund Service Providers is no 
longer deemed able to carry out its business w ith the standard of care w hich w as prevailing on the Issue Date or 
the resignation, termination, replacement, or death of any person deemed to be key in the management of the 
Fund has occurred; 
(G) 
Holding Ratio means the reduction of the Fund’s aggregate Net Asset Value under an amount that, in the 
reasonable opinion of the Calculation Agent has, or is likely to have, a significant effect on the management 
conditions of the Fund and/or its operating expenses or w ould increase the proportion of Fund Units held, or likely 
to be held, by a Hypothetical Replicating Party, to such extent that the full redemption in one single Valid Order of 
the Fund Units held by a Hypothetical Replicating Party or funds managed by the same, is likely to be impaired; 
(H) 
Insolvency means that by reason of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, insolvency, dissolution or 
w inding-up of or any analogous proceeding affecting a Fund, (a) all the Fund Units of that Fund are required to be 
transferred to a trustee, liquidator or other similar official or (b) holders of the Fund Units of that Fund become 
legally prohibited from transferring or redeeming them; 
(I) 
Liquidity Modification means that the Fund modifies the terms and conditions at w hich subscription and/or 
redemption orders can be submitted or are settled by the Fund as provided in the Fund Documents as of the Issue 
Date or implements a modification of the conditions at w hich subscription and/or redemption orders can be 
submitted or are settled by the Fund regardless as to w hether the principle of such modification w as already 
envisaged in the Fund Documents as of the Issue Date; 
(J) 
Merger Event means the conversion of the Fund Unit into another class of fund units or securities, or the split of 
the Fund, its consolidation or its merger w ith, or its sale or its conveyance of all or substantially all its assets to, a 
third party; 
(K) 
Nationalisation means that all the Fund Units or all or substantially all the assets of a Fund are nationalised, 
expropriated or are otherw ise required to be transferred to any governmental agency, authority, entity or 
instrumentality thereof; 
(L) 
Regulatory Action means, w ith respect to any Fund Unit, (a) cancellation, suspension or revocation of the 
registration or approval of such Fund Unit or the related Fund by any governmental, legal or regulatory entity w ith 
authority over such Fund Unit or Fund, (b) any change in the legal, tax, accounting, or regulatory treatments of the 
relevant Fund or its Fund Service Provider that is reasonably likely to have an adverse impact on the value of such 
Fund Unit or on any investor therein (as determined by the Calculation Agent), or (c) the related Fund or any of its 
Fund Service Provider becoming subject to any investigation, proceeding or litigation by any relevant governmental, 
legal or regulatory authority involving the alleged violation of applicable law  for any activities relating to or resulting 
from the operation of such Fund or Fund Service Provider; 
(M) 
Reporting Disruption means, in respect of any Fund Unit, any failure of the related Fund to deliver, or cause to 
be delivered, (a) information that such Fund has agreed to deliver, or cause to be delivered to a Hypothetical 
Replicating Party or (b) information that has been previously delivered to a Hypothetical Replicating Party in

--- Page 732 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Warrants 
 
732 
 
accordance w ith such Fund, or its authorised representative’s, normal practice and that the Calculation Agent 
deems necessary to monitor such Fund’s compliance w ith any investment guidelines, asset allocation 
methodologies or any other similar policies relating to such Fund Units; 
(N) 
Strategy Breach means (a) any breach or violation of any strategy or investment guidelines stated in the related 
Fund Documents, that is reasonably likely to affect the value of the Fund Units or the rights or remedies of any 
holders thereof, in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent or (b) any material modification, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent of the risk profile of the Fund from its risk profile prevailing on the Issue Date 
by reason of, but not limited to, the modification of the proportions, or reduction of diversification, of the type of 
assets in w hich the Fund invests or a reduction of the average liquidity of the assets of the Fund. 
7.3 
Commodity Instrument Extraordinary Events 
Commodity Instrument Extraordinary Event means, in respect of a Basket Component that is a Commodity Instrument, the 
occurrence of (a) a Commodity Instrument Modification, (b) a Commodity Instrument Liquidity Modification or (c) a Commodity 
Instrument Cancellation. 
(A) 
Commodity Instrument Modification means any change or modification of the Commodity Instrument documentation 
relating to such Commodity Instrument, that could reasonably be expected to affect the value of such Commodity Instrument 
or the rights or remedies of any holders thereof, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(B) 
Commodity Instrument Liquidity Modification means that the terms and conditions at w hich subscription or redemption 
of the Commodity Instrument are modified, regardless as to w hether the principle of such modification w as already envisaged 
in the Commodity Instrument documentation. 
(C) 
Commodity Instrument Cancellation means the unavailability, cancellation or permanent discontinuance of the relevant 
Commodity Instrument. 
7.4 
Debt Instrument Extraordinary Event 
Debt Instrument Extraordinary Event means, in respect of a Basket Component that is a Debt Instrument, the occurrence of (a) a 
Debt Instrument Modification, (b) a Debt Instrument Liquidity Modification, (c) a Debt Instrument Cancellation or (d) a Failure to Pay. 
(A) 
Debt Instrument Modification means any change or modification of the Debt Instrument documentation relating to such 
Debt Instrument, that could reasonably be expected to affect the value of such Debt Instrument or the rights or remedies of 
any holders thereof, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(B) 
Debt Instrument Liquidity Modification means that the terms and conditions at w hich subscription or redemption of the 
Debt Instrument are modified, regardless as to w hether the principle of such modification w as already envisaged in the Debt 
Instrument documentation. 
(C) 
Debt Instrument Cancellation means the redemption, cancellation or permanent discontinuance of the relevant Debt 
Instrument. 
(D) 
Failure to Pay means the failure of the issuer of the Debt Instrument to make, w hen and w here due, any payment under the 
Debt Instrument documentation or under any other debt instrument issued by the issuer of the Debt Instrument at the time 
of such failure. 
7.5 
Derivatives Instrument Extraordinary Event 
Derivatives Instrument Extraordinary Event means, in respect of a Derivatives Instrument, the occurrence of (a) a Change of  
Derivatives Instrument Exchange, (b) a Change of Derivatives Instrument, (c) a Modification to Derivatives Instrument or (d) a 
Cancellation of Derivatives Instrument.

--- Page 733 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Warrants 
 
733 
 
(A) 
Change of Derivatives Instrument Exchange means that the Derivatives Instrument is no longer negotiated on the 
Exchange and/or under a market-standard format as of the Issue Date but is negotiated on an exchange and/or under a 
format that is not acceptable to the Calculation Agent. 
(B) 
Change of Derivatives Instrument means that the Derivatives Instrument is replaced by a successor derivatives product 
that is not acceptable to the Calculation Agent. 
(C) 
Modification to Derivatives Instrument means that the publisher of the documentation governing the Derivatives 
Instrument announces that it w ill make a material change in the formula for or the method of calculating such Derivatives 
Instrument or in any other w ay materially modifies that Derivatives Instrument. 
(D) 
Cancellation of Derivatives Instrument means that the publisher of a Derivatives Instrument announces that it w ill 
permanently cancel such Derivatives Instrument. 
7.6 
Market Data Extraordinary Event 
(A) 
Market Data Extraordinary Event means, in respect of a Market Data, the occurrence of (a) a Change of Market Data 
Publisher, (b) a Change of Market Data, (c) a Modification to Market Data or (d) a Cancellation of Market Data. 
(B) 
Change of Market Data Publisher means that the Market Data is not calculated and/or announced by the publisher of such 
Market Data in the same conditions as those prevailing as of the Issue Date. 
(C) 
Change of Market Data means that the Market Data is replaced by a successor market data or index that is not acceptable 
to the Calculation Agent. 
(D) 
Modification to Market Data means that the publisher of a Market Data announces that it w ill make a material change in 
the formula for or the method of calculating such Market Data or in any other w ay materially modifies that Market Data (other  
than a modification prescribed in that formula or method to maintain that Market Data). 
Cancellation of Market Data means that the publisher of a Market Data announces that it w ill permanently cancel such Market Data.  
7.7 
Underlying Index Extraordinary Event 
Underlying Index Extraordinary Event means, in respect of an Underlying Index, the occurrence of (a) a Change of Underlying 
Index Sponsor/Underlying Index Calculation Agent; (b) a Change of Underlying Index, (c) a Modification to Underlying Index, ( d) a 
Cancellation of Underlying Index or (e) Other Underlying Index Extraordinary Event. 
(A) 
Change of Underlying Index Sponsor/Underlying Index Calculation Agent means that an Underlying Index is not 
calculated and/or announced by the sponsor of the Underlying Index, or as the case may be, the calculation agent of the 
Underlying Index, but is calculated and/or announced by a successor underlying index sponsor, or as the case may be, a 
successor underlying index calculation agent that is not acceptable to the Calculation Agent. 
(B) 
Change of Underlying Index means that the Underlying Index is (i) replaced by a successor index or (ii) merges w ith 
another index to constitute a merged index. 
(C) 
Modification to Underlying Index means that the sponsor of an Underlying Index announces that it w ill make a material 
change in the formula for or the method of calculating such Underlying Index or in any other w ay materially modifies that 
Underlying Index (other than a modification prescribed in that formula or method to maintain that Underlying Index in the 
event of changes in constituent stock and capitalisation and other routine events). 
(D) 
Cancellation of Underlying Index means that the sponsor of an Underlying Index announces that it w ill permanently cancel 
such Underlying Index. 
(E) 
Other Underlying Index Extraordinary Event means any other event having, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a 
diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the Underlying Index.

--- Page 734 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Warrants 
 
734 
 
8. 
ADJUSTMENTS RELATING TO PORTFOLIO COMPONENTS 
8.1 
Consequences of a Potential Adjustment Event 
Follow ing the occurrence of any Potential Adjustment Event, the Calculation Agent w ill, as soon as reasonably practicable after it 
becomes aw are of such event determine w hether such Potential Adjustment Event has a diluting or concentrative effect on the 
theoretical value of the Portfolio Component and, if so, w ill (a) calculate the corresponding adjustment, if any, to be made to the 
elements relating to the relevant Portfolio Component used to determine any settlement or payment terms under the Warrants and/or 
adjust any other terms of the Warrants as it determines appropriate to preserve the economic equivalent of the obligations of the 
Issuer under the Warrants (subject to any Local Taxes to be w ithhold or paid as explained below ) and (b) determine the effective date 
of that adjustment. In its determination of the existence and extent of  any dilutive or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of 
the Portfolio Components of any Potential Adjustment Event, and any related adjustments to the terms of the Warrants, the Calculation 
Agent shall take into account any amounts of Local Taxes that w ould, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, be w ithheld from 
or paid or otherw ise incurred by an Offshore Investor in connection w ith such Potential Adjustment Event. If relevant, the Calculation 
Agent may (but need not) determine the appropriate adjustment by reference to the adjustment in respect of such Potential Adjustment 
Event made by a Related Exchange (if any) to options on the Portfolio Component (if any) traded on such Related Exchange (if any). 
For the purposes of this Condition 8.1: 
Local Taxes shall mean taxes, duties, and similar charges imposed by the taxing authority of the country in w hich the issuer of the 
Portfolio Component has been incorporated or (if relevant) in w hich the Exchange, on w hich the Portfolio Component is listed, is 
located. 
Offshore Investor shall mean a holder of Portfolio Components w ho is an institutional investor not resident in the country in w hich 
the issuer of the Portfolio Component has been incorporated or in w hich the Exchange, on w hich the Share is listed, is located (the 
Local Jurisdiction), for the purposes of the tax law s and regulations of the Local Jurisdiction. For the avoidance of doubt, the jurisdiction 
of residence of the Offshore Investor (a) shall be determined by the Calculation Agent and (b) may be the jurisdiction of Societe 
Generale or any of its affiliates. 
Potential Adjustment Event means an Equity Potential Adjustment Event or an Other Potential Adjustment Event as defined herein.  
8.2 
Equity Potential Adjustment Event 
Equity Potential Adjustment Event means a Share Potential Adjustment Event or an ETF/Fund Potential Adjustment Event. 
Share Potential Adjustment Event means, in relation to a Basket Component w hich is a Share, any of the follow ing: 
(A) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of such Share (unless resulting in a Merger Event), including, for the avoidance 
of doubt, a stock split or reverse stock split, or a free distribution or dividend of any such Shares to existing holders by way 
of bonus, capitalisation or similar issue; 
(B) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of such Share of (a) such Shares, (b) other share capital or securities  
granting the right to payment of dividends and/or the proceeds of liquidation of the Company equally or proportionately w ith 
such payments to holders of such Shares, (c) share capital, other securities of another issuer acquired or ow ned (directly or  
indirectly) by the Company as a result of a spin-off or other similar transaction, or (d) any other type of securities, rights or 
w arrants or other assets, in any case for payment (in cash or otherw ise) at less than the prevailing market price as determin ed 
by the Calculation Agent; 
(C) 
an extraordinary dividend as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(D) 
a call by the Company in respect of Shares that are not fully paid; 
(E) 
a repurchase by the Company or any of its subsidiaries of Shares w hether out of profits or capital and w hether the 
consideration for such repurchase is cash, securities or otherw ise;

--- Page 735 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Warrants 
 
735 
 
(F) 
an event that results in any shareholder rights being distributed or becoming separated from shares of common stock or 
other shares of the capital stock of the Company pursuant to a shareholder rights plan or arrangement directed against 
hostile takeovers that provides upon the occurrence of certain events for a distribution of preferred stock, w arrants, debt 
instruments or stock rights at a price below  their market value, as determined by the Calculation Agent provided that any 
adjustment effected as a result of such an event shall be readjusted upon any redemption of such rights; or 
(G) 
any other event having, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of 
the Shares. 
ETF/Fund Potential Adjustment Event means, in relation to a Basket Component w hich is a Share, any of the follow ing: 
(A) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of the relevant number of Fund Units or ETF Shares, or a free distribution or 
dividend of any such Fund Units or ETF Shares to existing holders by w ay of bonus, capitalisation or similar issue; 
(B) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of the relevant Fund Units or ETF Shares of (a) an additional quantity of 
such Fund Units or ETF Shares, or (b) other share capital or securities granting the right to payment of dividends and/or the 
proceeds of liquidation of the Fund or ETF equally or proportionately w ith such payments to holders of such Fund Units or 
ETF Shares, or (c) share capital or other securities of another issuer acquired or ow ned (directly or indirectly) by the Fund 
or ETF as a result of a spin-off or other similar transaction, or (d) any other type of securities, rights or w arrants or other 
assets, in any case for payment (cash or other consideration) at less than the prevailing market price as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; 
(C) 
an extraordinary dividend; 
(D) 
a repurchase by the Fund or ETF of relevant Fund Units or ETF Shares w hether the consideration for such repurchase is 
cash, securities or otherw ise, other than in respect of a redemption of Fund Units or ETF Shares initiated by an investor in 
such Fund or ETF that is consistent w ith the Fund Documents or the ETF Documents; or 
(E) 
any other event that, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, may have a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical 
value of the Fund or ETF or quantity of Fund Units or ETF Shares. 
8.3 
Other Potential Adjustment Event 
Other Potential Adjustment Event means, in relation to a Commodity Instrument, a Debt Instrument, a Derivatives Instrument or a 
Market Data, any event having, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of 
such Commodity Instrument, Debt Instrument, Derivatives Instrument or Market Data and w hich is not anticipated in terms of the 
relevant instrument as at the Issue Date of the Warrants or the occurrence of w hich is not scheduled to occur.

--- Page 736 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Secured Warrants 
 
736 
 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO SECURED WARRANTS 
The provisions of these Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Secured Warrants apply if the applicable Final Terms specify that 
the clause "Secured Warrant Provisions" is stated as being "Applicable". 
In the event of any inconsistency betw een the General Terms and Conditions and these Additional Terms and Conditions, these 
Additional Terms and Conditions shall prevail for the purposes of the Secured Warrants. 
In these Additional Terms and Conditions, any references to Issuer shall be construed as references to SG Issuer. 
1. 
DEFINITIONS 
Accelerated Secured Warrant has the meaning given to it in Condition 4.1 below ; 
Aggregate Collateral Enforcement Proceeds Share has the meaning given to it in Condition 4.5 below ; 
Collateral Account has the meaning given to it in Condition 2.1 below ; 
Collateral Agency Agreement has the meaning given to it in Condition 2.3.1 below ; 
Collateral Agent has the meaning given to it in Condition 2.3.1 below ; 
Collateral Arrangement Party means the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Monitoring Agent, the Collateral Custodian, the Security 
Trustee (in relation to English Law  Warrants), the Security Agent (in relation to French Law  Warrants), the Disposal Agent and the 
Substitute Paying Agent. Any reference to a Collateral Arrangement Party in these Additional Terms and Conditions shall be deemed 
to include a reference to any entity appointed as a replacement thereof pursuant to the terms of the relevant agreement and/or these 
Additional Terms and Conditions; 
Collateral Assets has the meaning given to it in Condition 2.4.1 below ; 
Collateral Assets Entitlement has the meaning given to it in Condition 4.7 below ; 
Collateral Business Day means a day on w hich commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in Paris, London and Luxembourg; 
Collateral Custodian has the meaning given to it in Condition 2.3.3 below ; 
Collateral Custodian Agreement has the meaning given to it in Condition 2.3.3 below ; 
Collateral Delivery Date means, in relation to an Issue of Secured Warrants w here Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets is 
applicable, the date on w hich the Security Trustee or the Security Agent, as the case may be, or, in either case, the Substitute Paying 
Agent on their behalf, as applicable, intends to Deliver the Collateral Assets Entitlement to Warrantholders; 
Collateral Disruption Event means either: 
(a) 
Each of the Issuer or any of its affiliates considers that it: 
(i) 
is unable, as a result of any legal, contractual or other restrictions or constraints (including, w ithout limitation, any 
law s, regulations, court orders, other governmental or regulatory constraints), adverse market conditions or a lack 
of liquidity in the market or otherw ise, after using commercially reasonable efforts to (A) acquire, establish, 
re−establish, substitute, maintain, unw ind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) or any futures or option 
contracts it deems necessary to obtain Collateral Assets; or (B) freely realise, recover, remit, receive, re-patriate or 
transfer the proceeds of any such transactions(s) or assets(s) or futures or option contract(s) or any relevant hedge 
positions relating to the Collateral Assets; or

--- Page 737 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Secured Warrants 
 
737 
 
(ii) 
w ould incur a materially increased (as compared w ith circumstances existing on the date on w hich the Issue of 
Secured Warrants is first priced) amount of tax, duty, expense, fee (other than brokerage commissions) or other 
relevant cost (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any funding cost) to (A) acquire, borrow , substitute, or dispose 
of any Collateral Assets, (B) establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unw ind or dispose of any transaction 
entered into by the Issuer or any of its Affiliates in connection w ith the Collateral Assets or (C) realise, recover or 
remit the proceeds of any such Collateral Assets; or 
(b) 
The Issuer is unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to find a suitable substitute or replacement Collateral 
Arrangement Party follow ing the termination of the relevant agreement or resignation or removal for any reason of a Collateral 
Arrangement Party; or 
(c) 
(i) If at the end of the Required Settlement Period (A) the External Event(s) continue(s) to exist or (B) the Collateral Assets 
for w hich the regular settlement period is greater than 10 Collateral Business Days under normal market conditions have not 
been settled or (ii) in the case of a Collateral Settlement Disruption, if at the end of the 60 Collateral Business Day period (A) 
the External Event(s) continue(s) to exist or (B) the Collateral Assets for w hich the regular settlement period is greater than 
10 Collateral Business Days under normal market conditions have not been settled; 
Collateral Enforcement Notice has the meaning given to it in Condition 4.1 below ; 
Collateral Enforcement Proceeds has the meaning given to it in Condition 4.5 below ; 
Collateral Enforcement Proceeds Share has the meaning given to it in Condition 4.5 below ; 
Collateral Monitoring Agency Agreement has the meaning given to it in Condition 2.3.2 below ; 
Collateral Monitoring Agent has the meaning given to it in Condition 2.3.2 below ; 
Collateral Monitoring Agent Notice has the meaning given to it in Condition 3.5 below ; 
Collateralisation Percentage has the meaning given to it in Condition 3.3 below ; 
Collateral Pool has the meaning given to it in Condition 2.4.1 below ; 
Collateral Ratio has the meaning given to it in Condition 4.5 below ; 
Collateral Rules has the meaning given to it in Condition 2.4.1 below ; 
Collateral Settlement Disruption has the meaning given to it in Condition 3.6 below ; 
Collateral Test has the meaning given to it in Condition 3.4 below ; 
Collateral Test Date means each periodic date as is specified in the applicable Final Terms and any other date deemed to be a 
Collateral Test Date in accordance w ith these Additional Terms and Conditions; 
Collateral Test Dispute Resolution Procedure means the dispute resolution procedure set out in the Collateral Agency Agreement 
and the Collateral Monitoring Agency Agreement as further described in Condition 3.5 below ; 
Collateral Test Notice has the meaning given to it in Condition 3.4 below ; 
Collateral Valuation at Nominal Value shall have the same meaning attributed to it in the definition of Collateral Value; 
Collateral Valuation Currency means Euro except otherw ise specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Collateral Valuation Currency Screen Page means if the Collateral Valuation Currency is Euro, Bloomberg WMCO page unless 
otherw ise specified in the applicable Final Terms or if the Collateral Valuation Currency is other than Euro, the relevant sc reen page 
specified in the applicable Final Terms for the purpose of determining the relevant spot exchange rate;

--- Page 738 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Secured Warrants 
 
738 
 
Collateral Valuation Currency Specified Time means if the Collateral Valuation Currency is Euro, 5.30 PM (Paris time) unless 
otherw ise specified in the applicable Final Terms or if the Collateral Valuation Currency is other than Euro, the specified time specified 
in the applicable Final Terms for the purpose of determining the relevant spot exchange rate; 
Collateral Value has the meaning given to it in Condition 3.1.1 below ; 
Deliver means, in respect of any Collateral Asset forming part of a Collateral Assets Entitlement, to deliver, novate, transfer, assign 
or sell, as appropriate, in a manner customary for the settlement of the applicable Collateral Asset (w hich shall include executing all 
necessary documentation and taking any other necessary actions), in order to convey all right, title and interest in the Collateral Asset 
free and clear of any and all liens, charges, claims or encumbrances. Delivery and Delivered w ill be construed accordingly; 
Disposal Agency Agreement has the meaning given to it in Condition 2.3.5 below ; 
Disposal Agent has the meaning given to it in Condition 2.3.5 below ; 
Dispute Notice has the meaning given to it in Condition 3.5 below ; 
Dispute Resolution Procedure Notice has the meaning given to it in Condition 3.5 below ; 
Eligibility Criteria means the eligibility criteria specified in the applicable Final Terms relating to an Issue of Secured Warrants w hich 
must be met for Collateral Assets to constitute Eligibility Collateral Assets; 
Eligible Collateral Assets has the meaning given to it in Condition 2.4.1 below ; 
Extension Notice means, w ith respect to Multiple Issue Collateral Pool, a notice provided by the Issuer as pledgor in order to extend 
the benefit of the pledge agreement to the succeeding Issues or Tranches of Secured Warrants; 
External Event has the meaning given to it in Condition 3.6 below ; 
Final Collateral Value has the meaning given to it in Condition 4.7 below ; 
Final Required Collateral Value has the meaning given to it in Condition 4.5 below ; 
First Level Revised Collateral Test Notice has the meaning given to it in Condition 3.5 below ; 
Haircut means, if specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the percentage amount by w hich the value of each type of 
Collateral Asset contained in a Collateral Pool is discounted, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. For the avoidance of doubt, 
the applicable Final Terms may specify one Haircut value per type or class of Collateral Asset; 
Liability means any loss, damage, cost, charge, claim, demand, expense, judgment, action, proceeding or other liability w hatsoever 
(including, w ithout limitation, in respect of taxes, duties, levies, imposts and other charges) and including any value added tax or 
similar tax charged or chargeable in respect thereof and legal fees and expenses on a full indemnity basis (and Liabilities shall be 
construed accordingly); 
Multiple Issue Collateral Pool has the meaning given to it in Condition 2.5.2 below ; 
Non-Realised Collateral Assets has the meaning given to it in Condition 4.6 below ; 
Non-Waived Warrants has the meaning given to it in Condition 3.2 below ; 
Owed Amount has the meaning given to it in Condition 4.5 below ; 
Order of Priority has the meaning given to it in Condition 4.5 below ; 
Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets has the meaning given to it in Condition 4.7 below ; 
Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets Disruption Event has the meaning given to it in Condition 4.6 below ;

--- Page 739 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Secured Warrants 
 
739 
 
Pledge Agreement has the meaning given to it in Condition 2.1 below ; 
Pool Aggregate Final Required Collateral Value has the meaning given to it in Condition 4.5 below ; 
Post Dispute Collateral Test Notice has the meaning given to it in Condition 3.5 below ; 
Required Collateral Default has the meaning given to it in Condition 4.1 below ; 
Required Collateral Default Notice means a notice from the Collateral Monitoring Agent to SG Issuer, the Guarantor, the Collateral 
Agent, the Collateral Custodian and the Security Trustee or the Security Agent (as the case may be), specifying that a Requir ed 
Collateral Default has occurred; 
Required Collateral Value has the meaning given to it in Condition 4.1 below ; 
Required Settlement Period has the meaning given to it in Condition 3.6 below ; 
Second Level Revised Collateral Test Notice has the meaning given to it in Condition 3.5 below ; 
Secured Warrant Acceleration Event has the meaning given to it in Condition 4.1 below ; 
Secured Warrant Market Value has the meaning given to it in Condition 3.1.2 below ; 
Secured Parties means the parties referred to in sub-paragraphs (a) to (f) (inclusive) of the definition of Order of Priority (each, a 
Secured Party); 
Securities Valuation Agency Agreement has the meaning given to it in Condition 2.3.4 below ; 
Securities Valuation Agent has the meaning given to it in Condition 2.3.4 below . 
Security Agency Agreement has the meaning given to it in Condition 2.2.2 below ; 
Security Agent has the meaning given to it in Condition 2.2.2 below ; 
Security Trustee has the meaning given to it in Condition 2.2.1 below ; 
Security Trust Deed has the meaning given to it in Condition 2.2.1 below ; 
Single Issue Collateral Pool has the meaning given to it in Condition 2.5.1 below ; 
Standard Order of Priority has the meaning given to it in Condition 4.5 below ; 
Substitute Paying Agency Agreement has the meaning given to it in Condition 4.10 below ; 
Substitute Paying Agent has the meaning given to it in Condition 2.3.6 below ; 
Type of Collateralisation means MV Collateralisation, 
NV Collateralisation, 
Min (MV,NV) Collateralisation or Max (MV,NV) 
Collateralisation as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Undeliverable Collateral Assets has the meaning given to it in Condition 4.8.2 below ; 
Valuation Point means, unless otherw ise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Collateral Business Day immediately preceding 
the Issue Date or the relevant Collateral Test Date, as the case may be, or, if a valuation of the relevant Collateral Asset or Secured 
Warrant, as applicable, is not available on such date, the date of the last available valuation of such Collateral Asset or Secured 
Warrant; and 
Waived Warrant has the meaning given to it in Condition 3.2 below .

--- Page 740 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Secured Warrants 
 
740 
 
2. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE PLEDGE AND THE COLLATERAL ARRANGEM ENTS 
2.1 
Description of the pledge agreement 
Each Issue of Secured Warrants w ill benefit from a pledge agreement w hich w ill be governed by the Luxembourg act dated 
5 August 2005 on financial collateral arrangements, as amended (the Collateral Act 2005), concluded betw een the Issuer, 
the Collateral Custodian and the Security Trustee or the Security Agent, as the case may be, creating security over Collatera l 
Assets contained in one or more collateral accounts held by the Issuer w ith the Collateral Custodian (such accounts together 
being referred to as the Collateral Accounts) in favour of the Security Trustee on behalf of itself and the relevant 
Warrantholders or directly in favour of the relevant Warrantholders as represented by the Security Agent, as the case may 
be, and, w ith respect to Multiple Issue Collateral Pool, supplemented from time to time by an Extension Notice to extend the 
benefit of the pledge agreement to other Issues or Tranches of Secured Warrants (each a Pledge Agreement). Under each 
Pledge Agreement, the Issuer w ill grant first ranking security over the Collateral Assets contained in the Collateral Accounts. 
2.2 
Description of the Security Trustee and the Security Agent 
2.2.1 
Appointment of the Security Trustee in connection with English Law Warrants  
In relation to each Issue of English Law  Warrants secured pursuant to a Pledge Agreement, BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee 
Services Limited, or any substitute or replacement thereof, (the Security Trustee) appointed as pledgee pursuant to such 
Pledge Agreement w ill enter into a security trust deed governed by English law  on behalf of itself and the relevant 
Warrantholders and the other relevant Secured Parties w ith the Issuer on each Issue Date specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (a Security Trust Deed). Under the terms of each Security Trust Deed, the Security Trustee w ill covenant that it w ill 
exercise its rights under the relevant Pledge Agreement on behalf of and as trustee for the Warrantholders and w ill declare 
a trust in favour of the Warrantholders and the other relevant Secured Parties over the rights granted to it under the relevant 
Pledge Agreement. 
2.2.2 
Appointment of the Security Agent in connection with French Law War rants 
In relation to each Issue of French Law  Warrants secured pursuant to a Pledge Agreement, BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee 
Services Limited, or any substitute or replacement entity thereof, (the Security Agent) is appointed pursuant to such Pledge 
Agreement as agent (Agent des sûretés) of the relevant Warrantholders and the other relevant Secured Parties in order to 
create, manage and enforce the relevant Pledge Agreement and the security granted directly in favour of the relevant 
Warrantholders, created thereunder in its name and on behalf of the Secured Parties pursuant to article 2328-1 of the French 
Code Civil. The Security Agent and the Issuer w ill enter into a security agency agreement governed by French law  describing, 
amongst others, the role of the Security Agent in relation to each Issue of Secured Warrants (the Security Agency 
Agreement). 
By acquiring and holding French Law  Warrants secured pursuant to a Pledge Agreement, Warrantholders of an Issue of 
such Warrants w ill be deemed to agree and accept the appointment of the Security Agent in respect thereof and w ill be 
deemed to have notice of the provisions of the relevant Pledge Agreement and the Security Agency Agreement. 
2.3 
Description of the Collateral Arrangements 
2.3.1 
Collateral Agency Agreement 
Pursuant to the terms of a collateral agency agreement (the Collateral Agency Agreement) betw een, inter alia, the Issuer 
and Societe Generale or any successor thereto acting as collateral agent (the Collateral Agent), the Collateral Agent w ill 
calculate on the Issue Date of each Issue of Secured Warrants and on each Collateral Test Date thereafter the Collateral 
Value as set out in these Additional Terms and Conditions. 
2.3.2 
Collateral Monitoring Agency Agreement 
Pursuant to the terms of a collateral monitoring agency agreement (the Collateral Monitoring Agency Agreement) 
betw een, inter alia, the Issuer and the Bank of New  York Mellon, London Branch acting as collateral monitoring agent or any

--- Page 741 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Secured Warrants 
 
741 
 
successor thereto (the Collateral Monitoring Agent), the Collateral Monitoring Agent shall, on each Collateral Test Date, 
calculate the Collateral Value and the Required Collateral Value and verify that the Collateral Test is satisfied. 
2.3.3 
Collateral Custodian Agreement 
Pursuant to the terms of a collateral custodian agreement (the Collateral Custodian Agreement) betw een, inter alia, the 
Issuer and the Bank of New  York Mellon S.A./N.V., Luxembourg branch acting as collateral custodian or any successor 
thereto (the Collateral Custodian), the Collateral Custodian w ill hold the Collateral Accounts opened in its books in the 
name of the Issuer. 
2.3.4 
Securities Valuation Agency Agreement 
Pursuant to the terms of a securities valuation agency agreement (the Securities Valuation Agency Agreement) betw een, 
inter alia, the Issuer and, Societe Generale or any successor thereto and, if applicable, any sub-agent of, or any other entity 
appointed by Societe Generale (the Securities Valuation Agent), the Securities Valuation Agent shall, on each Collateral 
Test Date, calculate one market value applicable to each Secured Warrant of such Issue and provide such value to the 
Collateral Agent and the Collateral Monitoring Agent. 
2.3.5 
Disposal Agency Agreement 
Pursuant to a disposal agency agreement concluded w ith the Issuer, the Security Trustee and the Security Agent, the Bank 
of New  York Mellon, a New  York banking corporation, acting through its London Branch or any successor thereto (the 
Disposal Agent) shall undertake the duties of disposal agent in respect of the Secured Warrants. As such it may dispose of 
all or some of the Collateral Assets on behalf of and only w hen instructed to do so by the Security Trustee or the Security 
Agent, as the case may be, (the Disposal Agency Agreement). Follow ing receipt of a Collateral Enforcement Notice, the 
Security Trustee or the Security Agent, as the case may be, w ill enforce the relevant Pledge Agreement relating to the 
Collateral Pool and instruct the Disposal Agent to liquidate or realise the Collateral Assets and to distribute the Collatera l 
Enforcement Proceeds Share or, in case of Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets, to deliver the Collateral Assets to the 
Warrantholders. 
2.3.6 
Substitute Paying Agency Agreement 
The Issuer has appointed The Bank of New  York Mellon, London Branch or any successor thereto as substitute paying agent 
in relation to all Secured Warrants (the Substitute Paying Agent) pursuant to the terms of a substitute paying agency 
agreement betw een, inter alia, the Issuer and the Substitute Paying Agent (the Substitute Paying Agency Agreement). 
The Substitute Paying Agent shall act as agent of the Security Trustee and the Security Agent, as the case may be, for the 
purposes of assisting w ith the payment of any Collateral Enforcement Proceeds Share or the Delivery of any Collateral 
Assets Entitlement to Warrantholders (if so requested by the Security Trustee or the Security Agent, as the case may be), 
communicating notices to Warrantholders on behalf of the Security Trustee or the Security Agent, as the case may be, and 
performing any other obligations as set out in these Additional Terms and Conditions. 
2.3.7 
Calculations and determinations 
In relation to each Issue of Secured Warrants, the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Monitoring Agent and the Securities 
Valuation Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer, and do not assume any obligation or duty to, or any relationship of agency 
or trust for or w ith, the Warrantholders. 
All calculations and determinations made in respect of the Secured Warrants by the Collateral Agent, Collateral Monitoring 
Agent and Securities Valuation Agent shall (save in the case of manifest error) be final, conclusive and binding on the Issuer, 
the Guarantor, the Warrantholders and the Security Trustee or the Security Agent, as the case may be. 
Each of the Collateral Agent, Collateral Monitoring Agent and Securities Valuation Agent may, w ith the consent of the Issuer, 
delegate any of their obligations and functions to a third party as provided for in the Collateral Agency Agreement, Collater al 
Monitoring Agency Agreement and Securities Valuation Agency Agreement, as applicable.

--- Page 742 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Secured Warrants 
 
742 
 
2.4 
Description of the Collateral Assets 
2.4.1 
Assets held in a Collateral Account and delivered to the Collateral Custodian are referred to as Collateral Assets. The 
Collateral Assets secured pursuant to a Pledge Agreement are ref erred to as the Collateral Pool. 
Collateral Assets contained in a Collateral Pool may comprise: 
 
cash; 
 
debt securities (including, but not limited to, government bonds, corporate bonds, covered bonds and asset backed 
securities); 
 
equity securities, shares, units or interests in a fund; and/or 
 
any other negotiable financial instruments in book entry-form. 
In order to be included in the calculation of the Collateral Value, Collateral Assets must satisfy the Eligibility Criteria s pecified 
in the applicable Final Terms. Collateral Assets satisfying the relevant Eligibility Criteria are referred to as Eligible Collateral 
Assets. 
The Eligibility Criteria specified in the applicable Final Terms may include limitations on the type of Collateral Assets that 
may be held, the maturity of the Collateral Assets, the liquidity of the Collateral Assets, requirements regarding the jurisdiction 
of the obligor of the Collateral Assets or its guarantor or the credit rating of the obligor of the Collateral Assets or its guarantor 
and/or any other limitations, restrictions and/or requirements concerning the Collateral Assets. 
In addition to the Eligibility Criteria, the applicable Final Terms w ill set out the collateral rules w hich must be satisfied in order 
for the Collateral Test to be satisfied (the Collateral Rules). The Collateral Rules may include requirements relating to the 
diversification of types of Eligible Collateral Assets, the concentration of the Eligible Collateral Assets, the geographical  
location of the Eligible Collateral Assets or the currency of the Eligible Collateral Assets w hich may be held in a Collateral 
Pool and/or any other limitations, restrictions and/or requirements concerning the Eligible Collateral Assets contained in the 
relevant Collateral Pool as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. For the avoidance of doubt, the Collateral Rules 
relating to a particular Collateral Pool w ill be satisfied to the extent that Eligible Collateral Assets w ith a Collateral Value at 
least equal to the Required Collateral Value together satisfy the Collateral Rules. 
2.4.2 
Delegation to Collateral Agent 
The Issuer may, pursuant to the terms of the Collateral Agency Agreement, delegate to the Collateral Agent the role of 
managing each Collateral Pool to comply w ith the requirements of these Additional Terms and Conditions (including, but not 
limited to, compliance w ith Conditions 3.4 and 3.5). 
2.5 
Type of Collateral Pool 
A Collateral Pool may be either a Single Issue Collateral Pool or a Multiple Issue Collateral Pool, each as further defined 
below . 
2.5.1 
Single Issue Collateral Pool 
Where the applicable Final Terms in respect of an Issue of Secured Warrants specify that the Type of Collateral Pool is 
“Single Issue Collateral Pool”, such Issue of Secured Warrants w ill be the only Issue of Secured Warrants to be secured by 
the relevant Collateral Pool (a Single Issue Collateral Pool). 
2.5.2 
Multiple Issue Collateral Pool 
Where the applicable Final Terms in respect of an Issue of Secured Warrants specify that the Type of Collateral Pool is 
“Multiple Issue Collateral Pool”, such Issue of Secured Warrants may be secured by a Collateral Pool w hich secures one or 
more Issues of Secured Warrants (a Multiple Issue Collateral Pool).

--- Page 743 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Secured Warrants 
 
743 
 
Each Issue of Secured Warrants secured pursuant to a Multiple Issue Collateral Pool must (i) be subject to the same 
governing law , (ii) be subject to the same method of distribution of Collateral Assets follow ing enforcement of the relevant 
Pledge Agreement (i.e. exclusively either subject to "Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets" or not subject to "Physical 
Delivery of Collateral Assets"), (iii) be subject to the same Eligibility Criteria and Collateral Rules, (iv) be subject to the same 
Haircut value(s) for each type or class of Eligible Collateral Assets, and (v) have the same Collateral Test Dates. 
In case of Multiple Issue Collateral Pool, follow ing enforcement of the relevant Pledge Agreement, all Issues of Secured 
Warrants secured on such Collateral Pool w ill share in the distribution of the proceeds of realisation of the Collateral Assets 
constituting such Collateral Pool or Warrants or, w here the clause "Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in the delivery of the Collateral Assets contained in such Collateral Pool. 
Warrantholders acquiring and holding Secured Warrants in relation to a Multiple Issue Collateral Pool w ill be deemed to 
acknow ledge, accept and agree to the rights of existing and future Warrantholders of different Issues of Secured Warrants 
to share equally in the security created over the Collateral Assets in the Multiple Issue Collateral Pool. 
2.6 
Segregation between Collateral Pools, Limited Recourse and Non-Petition 
2.6.1 
Limited Recourse against the Issuer 
By acquiring and holding Secured Warrants, Warrantholders w ill be deemed to acknow ledge and agree that the obligations 
of the Issuer to the Warrantholders are limited in recourse to the Collateral Assets contained in the relevant Collateral Po ol 
securing the relevant Issues of Secured Warrants both in the case of a Single Issue Collateral Pool and a Multiple Issue 
Collateral Pool. 
If: 
(a) 
there are no remaining Collateral Assets in the relevant Collateral Pool w hich are capable of being realised or  
otherw ise converted into cash; 
(b) 
all amounts available from the relevant Collateral Assets in the relevant Collateral Pool have been applied to meet 
or provide for the relevant obligations specified in, and in accordance w ith, the provisions of the relevant Pledge 
Agreement and these Additional Terms and Conditions; and 
(c) 
there are insufficient amounts available from the relevant Collateral Assets in the relevant Collateral Pool to pay in 
full, in accordance w ith the provisions of the relevant Pledge Agreement and these Additional Terms and Conditions, 
amounts outstanding under the Secured Warrants, 
then the Warrantholders of such Secured Warrants shall have no further claim against the Issuer in respect of any amounts 
ow ed to them w hich remain unpaid being clarified that the Warrantholders w ill continue to be entitled to make a claim to the 
Guarantor under the terms of the Guarantee for any unpaid amounts. 
2.6.2 
Segregation between Collateral Pools 
A Warrantholder shall not be entitled to have recourse to the Collateral Assets contained in a Collateral Pool other than if 
such Collateral Pool secures the Warrants held by such Warrantholder. 
2.6.3 
Non-petition 
By acquiring and holding Secured Warrants, Warrantholders w ill be deemed to acknow ledge and agree that they w ill not 
take any steps or initiate proceedings to procure the w inding-up, administration or liquidation (or any other analogous 
proceeding) of the Issuer. 
2.7 
Hedging of Issuer’s obligations 
The Issuer may hedge its obligations in relation to an Issue of Secured Warrants in a number of different w ays, including by 
entering into repurchase agreements (Repurchase Agreements) or swap agreements (Swap Agreements) or any other

--- Page 744 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Secured Warrants 
 
744 
 
agreements (any Repurchase Agreement, Sw ap Agreement or any other such agreement being a Hedging Agreement) 
w ith a counterparty w hich may be Societe Generale or an affiliate of Societe Generale or such other entities as the Issuer 
deems appropriate from time to time (each such entity being a Counterparty). Such transactions may also include provisions 
for the transfer to the Issuer of assets w hich may be treated as Collateral Assets by the Issuer and used to fulfil its obligations 
in relation to the Secured Warrants. If the Hedging Agreements provide for the transfer of assets to the Issuer, such transf er 
shall be made w ith full title. 
A Sw ap Agreement may be evidenced by a 2002 ISDA Master Agreement and Schedule together w ith the confirmation 
entered into by the Issuer and the Counterparty in respect of the relevant Issues of Secured Warrants. If the Counterparty's 
obligations under the Sw ap Agreement are to be collateralised, the Sw ap Agreement may be supplemented by a 1995 ISDA  
Credit Support Annex (Bilateral Form−Transfer). 
A Repurchase Agreement may be substantially in the form of a 2000 TBMA/ISMA Global Master Repurchase Agreement, a 
"Convention Cadre FBF relative aux opérations de pensions livrées", each as amended, supplemented or otherw ise modified 
from time to time, or any other agreement having a similar effect. 
2.8 
Collateral Disruption Events 
If the Issuer or the Collateral Agent determines that a Collateral Disruption Event has occurred, the Issuer may redeem or 
cancel, as applicable, all of the relevant Secured Warrants at the Early Termination Settlement Amount follow ing the 
occurrence of a Collateral Disruption Event, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The occurrence of a Collateral Disruption Event w ill not constitute an Event of Default. 
3. 
COLLATERALISATION OF SECURED WARRANTS 
3.1 
Valuation of Collateral and Secured Warrants 
In order to ensure that an Issue of Secured Warrants is collateralised in accordance w ith its terms, the Collateral Value and 
the Secured Warrant Market Value of each Issue of Secured Warrants secured by such Collateral Pool w ill each be tested 
on the Issue Date of such Issue of Secured Warrants and on each Collateral Test Date as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
3.1.1 
Valuation of Collateral 
The Collateral Value and the Secured Warrant Market Value w ill be used in order to calculate the Required Collateral Value 
of Eligible Collateral Assets (as further described in Condition 3.3) w hich must be held in a Collateral Account to secure one 
or more Issues of Secured Warrants. 
In relation to each Issue of Secured Warrants, on the Issue Date of such Issue of Secured Warrants and on each Collateral 
Test Date thereafter, the Collateral Agent w ill determine the Collateral Value on the basis of such valuation method or 
methods as the Collateral Agent may determine acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
Except if, under the Secured Warrant Provisions of the applicable Final Terms, "Collateral Valuation at Nominal Value" is 
specified as “applicable”, the collateral value means the aggregate market value as of the relevant Valuation Point expressed 
in the Collateral Valuation Currency, of the Eligible Collateral Assets in a Collateral Pool, in each case taking into account 
any Haircut applied in relation thereto (the Collateral Value). 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Collateral Valuation at Nominal Value" is applicable, the Collateral Value shall be 
deemed to be equal to the aggregate nominal value of the Collateral Assets constituting Eligible Collateral Assets (after 
taking into account any Haircut applied in relation thereto, as further described below ) (the Collateral Valuation at Nominal 
Value) and "Collateral Value" shall be construed accordingly throughout these Additional Terms and Conditions. 
Where the relevant currency of denomination of a Collateral Asset is other than the Collateral Valuation Currency, the 
Collateral Agent shall convert the value of such Collateral Asset at the relevant spot exchange rate.

--- Page 745 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Secured Warrants 
 
745 
 
If Predetermined Collateral Valuation Currency Rate of Exchange is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the relevant spot exchange rate shall be the predetermined rate specified in the applicable Final Terms (the Predetermined 
Collateral Valuation Currency Rate of Exchange). 
Except if Predetermined Collateral Valuation Currency Rate of Exchange is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the relevant spot exchange rate shall be the rate displayed on the Collateral Valuation Currency Screen Page at the 
Collateral Valuation Currency Specified Time or, if no such Collateral Valuation Currency Screen Page is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or such Collateral Valuation Currency Screen Page is not available, the relevant spot rate shall be 
the rate determined by the Collateral Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
In performing its calculations as described in the section "Verification by Collateral Monitoring Agent" below , the Collateral 
Monitoring Agent w ill use the same method of valuation of the Collateral Assets and, as the case may be, the relevant Haircut 
value(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
3.1.2 
Valuation of Secured Warrants 
On each Collateral Test Date for each Issue of Secured Warrants in relation to w hich MV Collateralisation, Min (MV, NV) 
Collateralisation or Max (MV, NV) Collateralisation is applicable as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Securities 
Valuation Agent w ill calculate the market value applicable to each Secured Warrant of such Issue of Secured Warrants as 
of the Valuation Point on the basis of such valuation method as the Securities Valuation Agent may, acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner and in accordance w ith the terms of the Securities Valuation Agency Agreement, 
determine (the Secured Warrant Market Value). The Securities Valuation Agent w ill provide such value to the Collateral 
Agent and the Collateral Monitoring Agent. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Secured Warrant Market Value determined by the Securities Valuation Agent may differ from 
the Market Value determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance w ith Condition [5.5]/[5.5] of the General Terms and 
Conditions of the Warrants and from the price proposed, as the case may be, by Societe Generale or any affiliates or any 
other entities acting as market maker on the secondary market for a Warrant. 
When NV Collateralisation is specified as being the Type of Collateralisation in the applicable Final Terms, the value of the  
Secured Warrants shall be deemed to be equal to the aggregate nominal value of the Secured Warrants. 
3.2 
Waiver of Rights to Collateral Assets 
If "Waiver of Rights" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, certain Warrantholders intending to hold Secured 
Warrants (including but not limited to, in their capacity as a market maker) may w aive their rights by w ritten notice to receive 
the proceeds of realisation of the Collateral Assets securing such Issues of Secured Warrants (or w here Physical Delivery 
of Collateral Assets is specified as applicable in the applicable final terms, delivery of the Collateral Assets) follow ing the 
enforcement of the relevant Pledge Agreement (any such Secured Warrants being Waived Warrants). 
Holders of Waived Warrants are deemed to w aive their rights to give w ritten notice to the Issuer and the Guarantor that the 
Waived Warrants are immediately due and repayable at their Early Termination Settlement Amount on the occurrence of an 
Event of Default follow ing the delivery of a Required Collateral Default Notice (as described below ). As a consequence, w hen 
calculating the Required Collateral Value in accordance w ith the provisions described below , the Collateral Agent and the 
Collateral Monitoring Agent shall only take into account the value of the Secured Warrants that have not been subject to 
such w aiver (any such Warrants being Non-Waived Warrants). 
Each holder of Waived Warrants shall be required to (i) inform by w ritten notice and, upon request from the Collateral Agent,  
provide evidence to, the Collateral Agent of the number of Waived Warrants that he holds on the Issue Date and on each 
Collateral Test Date and (ii) notify the Collateral Agent follow ing any transfer of Waived Warrants. The Collateral Business 
Day follow ing such notification w ill be deemed to be a Collateral Test Date and the Collateral Agent shall notify the Issuer 
and the Collateral Monitoring Agent of the same. Notw ithstanding the above, all Secured Warrants held by Societe Generale 
or one or more of its affiliates, including but not limited to, in its capacity as market maker, w ill be deemed to be Waived 
Warrants, unless otherw ise notified in w riting by Societe Generale or one or more of its affiliates to the Collateral Agent.

--- Page 746 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Secured Warrants 
 
746 
 
None of the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Monitoring Agent, the Security Trustee or the Security 
Agent, as the case may be, shall be responsible for any incorrect, inaccurate or incomplete information relating to the numbe r 
of Waived Warrants relating to any one or more Issues of Secured Warrants that may have been provided to the Collateral 
Agent by or on behalf of any holder of Waived Warrants and none of the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Collateral Agent, the 
Collateral Monitoring Agent, the Security Trustee or the Security Agent, as the case may be, shall be under any duty to verify 
or otherw ise confirm the number of Waived Warrants so held. 
3.3 
Required Collateral Value 
The required collateral value w ill be calculated by the Collateral Agent on the Issue Date and on each relevant Collateral 
Test Date as follow s (the Required Collateral Value), except if the applicable Final Terms specify that NV Collateralisation 
applies as Type of Collateralisation, the Collateral Agent w ill be required to use the Secured Warrant Market Value 
determined by the Securities Valuation Agent in determining the Required Collateral Value: 
(A) 
Single Issue Collateral Pool 
In relation to a Single Issue Collateral Pool, the Required Collateral Value w ill be determined by the Collateral Agent 
on the Issue Date and on each relevant Collateral Test Date in respect of the relevant Issue of Secured Warrants 
as follow s: 
(i) 
if "MV Collateralisation" is specified as being the Type of Collateralisation applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms relating to an Issue of Secured Warrants, the Required Collateral Value shall be equal to the product 
of (a) the Collateralisation Percentage, (b) the Secured Warrant Market Value and (c) the number of 
Non-Waived Warrants of such Issue; 
(ii) 
if "NV Collateralisation" is specified as being the Type of Collateralisation applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms relating to an Issue of Secured Warrants, the Required Collateral Value shall be equal to the product 
of (a) the Collateralisation Percentage and (b) the total aggregate nominal value of the Non-Waived 
Warrants of such Issue; 
(iii) 
if "Min (MV, NV) Collateralisation" is specified as being the Type of Collateralisation applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms relating to an Issue of Secured Warrants, the Required Collateral Value shall be 
equal to the low er of: 
(a) 
the product of (1) the Collateralisation Percentage, (2) the Secured Warrant Market Value and 
(3) the number of Non-Waived Warrants in such Issue, or 
(b) 
the product of (1) the Collateralisation Percentage and (2) the total aggregate nominal value of 
the Non-Waived Warrants of such Issue; or 
(iv) 
if "Max (MV, NV) Collateralisation" is specified as being the Type of Collateralisation applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms relating to an Issue of Secured Warrants, the Required Collateral Value shall be 
equal to the greater of: 
(a) 
the product of (1) the Collateralisation Percentage, (2) the Secured Warrant Market Value and 
(3) the number of Non-Waived Warrants in such Issue or, 
(b) 
the product of (1) the Collateralisation Percentage and (2) the specified proportion of the total 
aggregate nominal value of the Non-Waived Warrants of such Issue.

--- Page 747 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Secured Warrants 
 
747 
 
(B) 
Multiple Issue Collateral Pool 
In relation to a Multiple Issue Collateral Pool, the Required Collateral Value w ill be determined by the Collateral 
Agent on the Issue Date and on each relevant Collateral Test Date in respect of each Issue of Secured Warrants 
secured by the relevant Collateral Pool as follow s: 
(i) 
if "MV Collateralisation" is specified as being the Type of Collateralisation applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms relating to an Issue of Secured Warrants, the Required Collateral Value shall be equal to the sum 
of the amounts calculated in respect of each Issue of Secured Warrants as follow s: the product of (a) the 
Collateralisation Percentage, (b) the Secured Warrant Market Value and (c) the number of Non−Waived 
Warrants of such Issue; 
(ii) 
if "NV Collateralisation" is specified as being the Type of Collateralisation applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms relating to an Issue of Secured Warrants, the Required Collateral Value shall be equal to the sum 
of the amounts calculated in respect of each Issue of Secured Warrants as follow s: the product of (a) the 
Collateralisation Percentage and (b) the total aggregate nominal value of the Non-Waived Warrants of 
such Issue; 
(iii) 
if "Min (MV, NV) Collateralisation" is specified as being the Type of Collateralisation applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms relating to an Issue of Secured Warrants, the Required Collateral Value shall be 
equal to the sum of the low er of the amount calculated in respect of each Issue of Secured Warrants as 
follow s: 
(a) 
the product of (1) the Collateralisation Percentage, (2) the Secured Warrant Market Value and 
(3) the number of Non-Waived Warrants in such Issue, or 
(b) 
the product of (1) the Collateralisation Percentage and (2) the total aggregate nominal value of 
the Non-Waived Warrants of such Issue; or 
(iv) 
if "Max (MV, NV) Collateralisation" is specified as being the Type of Collateralisation applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms relating to an Issue of Secured Warrants, the Required Collateral Value shall be 
equal to the sum of the greater of the amount calculated in respect of each Issue of Secured Warrants as 
follow s: 
(a) 
the product of (1) the Collateralisation Percentage, (2) the Secured Warrant Market Value and 
(3) the number of Non-Waived Warrants in such Issue, or 
(b) 
the product of (1) the Collateralisation Percentage and (2) the specified proportion of the total 
aggregate nominal value of the Non-Waived Warrants of such Issue. 
(C) 
Conversion in case Settlement Currency is not the Collateral Valuation Currency 
In determining the Required Collateral Value, w here the Settlement Currency of any Secured Warrant is other than 
the Collateral Valuation Currency, the Collateral Agent shall convert the Secured Warrant Market Value and/or the 
nominal value, as the case may be, of such Secured Warrant at the relevant spot exchange rate, in accordance 
w ith Condition 3.1.1. 
(D) 
Collateralisation Percentage 
The collateralisation percentage relating to an Issue of Secured Warrants w ill be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms and may be a fixed percentage or a percentage determined by applying a predetermined formula (the 
Collateralisation Percentage). The applicable Final Terms may also specify that the Collateralisation Percentage 
may vary during the term of the Warrants, after a certain date, follow ing the occurrence of a trigger event or follow ing 
a unanimous decision of the Warrantholders.

--- Page 748 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Secured Warrants 
 
748 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the Collateralisation Percentage may vary in certain circumstances 
follow ing a unanimous decision of the Warrantholders, to exercise such option, a Warrantholder shall notify the 
unanimous decision of the Warrantholders specifying the new  Collateralisation Percentage and the date of variation 
of the Collateralisation Percentage, to the Issuer in accordance w ith Condition [12]/[12] of the General Terms and 
Conditions of the Warrants w ithin the notice period specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
3.4 
Adjustments to Collateral Pool and Collateral Test Notice  
On each Collateral Test Date relating to a relevant Issue of Secured Warrants the Collateral Agent w ill determine w hether 
(i) the Collateral Rules applicable to such Collateral Pool are satisfied and (ii) the Collateral Value is greater than or equal to 
97 per cent of the Required Collateral Value for such Collateral Pool (taking into account any Haircut value(s) to be applied 
to the Collateral Assets and the aggregate value of any Waived Warrants) (both (i) and (ii) above being referred to as the 
Collateral Test). 
When determining w hether the Collateral Test is satisfied: 
 
Collateral Assets for w hich instructions for the transfer to the relevant Collateral Account have been provided on or 
before such Collateral Test Date w ill be included; and 
 
Collateral Assets for w hich instructions for the removal from the relevant Collateral Account have been provided on 
or before such Collateral Test Date w ill be excluded, 
for the purposes of such determination. 
If on a Collateral Test Date the Collateral Agent determines that the Collateral Test is not satisfied for a specific Collate ral 
Pool, the Collateral Agent on behalf of the Issuer w ill select the type and quantity of Collateral Assets to be deposited in the 
Collateral Account (or w ill select existing Collateral Assets to be replaced w ith other Collateral Assets), in order that after 
such adjustment the Collateral Test w ill be satisfied. 
If on a Collateral Test Date the Collateral Agent determines that the Collateral Test is satisfied for a specific Collateral Pool 
and, if on such date, the Collateral Value is greater than the Required Collateral Value, the Collateral Agent on behalf of the 
Issuer shall be entitled to select Collateral Assets to be removed from the Collateral Account (or shall be entitled to selec t 
existing Collateral Assets to be replaced w ith other Collateral Assets), provided that after such adjustment the Collateral Test 
continues to be satisfied. 
On each Collateral Business Day, if the Collateral Agent on behalf of the Issuer intends to make adjustments to the Collatera l 
Assets held in a Collateral Pool (including, but not limited to, adjustments in order to ensure that the Collateral Test w ill be 
satisfied), the Collateral Agent w ill send or cause to be sent a notice to the Collateral Monitoring Agent and the Collateral 
Custodian (copied to the Issuer and the Guarantor, as the case may be) specifying the adjustments to be made to such 
particular Collateral Pool (including inter alia the type and quantity of any Collateral Assets to be deposited and/or removed) 
(the Collateral Test Notice). 
3.5 
Verification by Collateral Monitoring Agent 
If on the relevant Collateral Test Date: 
(i) 
a Collateral Test Notice has been delivered by the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Monitoring Agent determines 
that the Collateral Test w ill not be satisfied (including after taking into account any adjustments specified in such 
Collateral Test Notice); or 
(ii) 
no Collateral Test Notice has been delivered by the Collateral Agent but the Collateral Monitoring Agent has 
determined the Collateral Test w ill not be satisfied (or w ill no longer be satisfied) after taking into account any 
adjustments specified in such Collateral Test Notice,

--- Page 749 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Secured Warrants 
 
749 
 
then the Collateral Monitoring Agent shall, on the Collateral Business Day immediately follow ing the relevant Collateral Test  
Date, notify the Collateral Agent in w riting providing details of w hy it considers that the Collateral Test is or w ill not be satisfied 
(such notice being hereafter referred to as a Collateral Monitoring Agent Notice). 
Follow ing receipt of a Collateral Monitoring Agent Notice, the Collateral Agent w ill determine w hether it is in agreement w ith 
the contents of the Collateral Monitoring Agent Notice. 
Should the Collateral Agent agree w ith the contents of a Collateral Monitoring Agent Notice, the Collateral Agent shall on the 
Collateral Business Day immediately follow ing receipt of a Collateral Monitoring Agent Notice send or cause to be sent a 
revised Collateral Test Notice (a First Level Revised Collateral Test Notice) to the Collateral Monitoring Agent and the 
Collateral Custodian (copied to the Issuer and the Guarantor, as the case may be) specifying the agreed adjustments to be 
made to the Collateral Pool (including inter alia the type and quantity of any Collateral Assets to be deposited and/or remov ed) 
such that the Collateral Test w ill be satisfied. The First Level Revised Collateral Test Notice shall be prepared in the same 
w ay and shall provide the same information as is required to be included in a Collateral Test Notice. 
If the Collateral Agent disputes the contents of a Collateral Monitoring Agent Notice, it shall, on the Collateral Business Day 
immediately follow ing receipt of a Collateral Monitoring Agent Notice, notify the Collateral Monitoring Agent of such dispute  
in w riting (a Dispute Notice) and the Collateral Monitoring Agent and the Collateral Agent shall consult w ith each other in 
good faith in an attempt to resolve the dispute. 
After having (i) disputed the contents of a Collateral Monitoring Agent Notice, (ii) delivered a Dispute Notice in relation thereto 
and (iii) resolved and agreed such dispute w ith the Collateral Monitoring Agent, the Collateral Agent shall on the Collateral 
Business Day immediately follow ing receipt of a Dispute Notice send or cause to be sent a revised Collateral Test Notice to 
the Collateral Monitoring Agent (a Second Level Revised Collateral Test Notice) and the Collateral Custodian (copied to 
the Issuer and the Guarantor, as the case may be) specifying the agreed adjustments to be made to the Collateral Pool 
(including inter alia the type and quantity of any Collateral Assets to be deposited and/or removed) such that the Collateral 
Test w ill be satisfied. This Second Level Revised Collateral Test Notice shall be prepared in the same w ay and shall provide 
the same information as is required to be included in a Collateral Test Notice 
If the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Monitoring Agent fail to resolve the dispute by the second Collateral Business Day 
follow ing delivery of the Dispute Notice, then the Collateral Agent (on behalf of the Issuer) shall notify the Collateral 
Monitoring Agent in w riting (such notice being a Dispute Resolution Procedure Notice) that it w ill commence the dispute 
resolution procedure to determine the adjustments (if any) to be made to the Collateral Pool (the Collateral Test Dispute 
Resolution Procedure): 
(i) 
utilising any calculations, rules or criteria w hich the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Monitoring Agent have 
agreed are not in dispute; 
(ii) 
if such dispute relates to the satisfaction of the Eligibility Criteria or the Collateral Rules, appointing an independent 
third person (acting as an expert and not as an arbitrator) selected by the Collateral Agent and approved by the 
Collateral Monitoring Agent (such approval not to be unreasonably w ithheld) to determine w hether such Eligibility 
Criteria and Collateral Rules are satisfied w ith the determination of any such person being final and binding upon 
the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Monitoring Agent; and 
(iii) 
calculating the value of those Collateral Assets the value of w hich is in dispute by using reasonable endeavours  to 
seek four actual, firm and executable quotations at mid-market for such Collateral Assets w ith contract sizes 
approximately equal to the value of such Collateral Assets from leading dealers in assets of the type of the Collateral 
Assets w ho are committed to trade w ith the Issuer or the Counterparty, w hich may include Societe Generale, as 
selected by the Collateral Agent acting in a commercially reasonable manner, and taking the w eighted average of 
those obtained; provided that if four quotations are not available for a particular Collateral Asset, then few er than 
four quotations may be used for that Collateral Asset, and if no quotations are available for a particular Collateral 
Asset, then the Collateral Agent’s original calculations w ill be used for the Collateral Asset. 
Follow ing the conclusion of a Collateral Test Dispute Resolution Procedure, the Collateral Agent shall send a notice to the 
Collateral Monitoring Agent and the Collateral Custodian (copied to the Issuer and the Guarantor, as the case may be), 
providing the same information as is required to be included in a Collateral Test Notice, containing the Collateral Value, the

--- Page 750 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Secured Warrants 
 
750 
 
Required Collateral Value and any adjustments to be made to the Collateral Pool such that the Collateral Test w ill be satisfied, 
in each case determined in accordance w ith the Collateral Test Dispute Resolution Procedure, as soon as possible but in 
any event not later than the 30th Collateral Business Day follow ing the delivery of the Collateral Monitoring Agent Notice (the 
Post Dispute Collateral Test Notice). A Post Dispute Collateral Test Notice issued follow ing the conclusion of a Collateral 
Test Dispute Resolution Procedure shall be binding on the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Monitoring Agent and shall 
not be subject to further verification by the Collateral Monitoring Agent. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the determination of the Collateral Value, the Required Collateral Value and the adjustments to 
be made to a Collateral Pool in accordance w ith the Collateral Test Dispute Resolution Procedure w ill not constitute an Event 
of Default. 
3.6 
Required Settlement Period 
The required period for settlement of the Collateral Assets relating to the adjustments to be made to a Collateral Pool in 
accordance w ith a Collateral Test Notice, First Level Revised Collateral Test Notice, Second Level Revised Collateral Test 
Notice or Post Dispute Collateral Test Notice, as applicable (such period the Required Settlement Period) shall be ten (10) 
Collateral Business Days follow ing delivery of a Collateral Test Notice or, w here such Collateral Test Notice is follow ed by a 
Collateral Monitoring Agent Notice, ten (10) Collateral Business Days follow ing delivery of the First Level Revised Collatera l 
Test Notice, Second Level Revised Collateral Test Notice or Post Dispute Collateral Test Notice, as applicable; provided 
how ever that this ten (10) Collateral Business Day period may be extended up to a maximum additional period of sixty (60) 
Collateral Business Days, 
(i) 
if the adjustments to be made to the Collateral Pool have not been settled as a result of an event beyond the control 
of the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Monitoring Agent and the Issuer (including, but not limited to, as a result of a 
failure or inability of the relevant clearing system to clear the relevant Collateral Assets), (an External Event), or 
(ii) 
in relation to Collateral Assets for w hich the regular settlement period is greater than ten (10) Collateral Business 
Days under normal market conditions, 
(each of (i) and (ii) above being referred to as a Collateral Settlement Disruption). 
During the above additional sixty (60) Collateral Business Day period, the Collateral Agent may propose the replacement of 
the affected Collateral Assets by other Collateral Assets complying w ith the Collateral Rules and the Eligibility Criteria, or 
propose any other relevant measures so that the Collateral Test be satisfied. 
If at the end of the sixty (60) Collateral Business Day period (i) the External Event(s) continue(s) to exist or (ii) the Collateral 
Assets for w hich the regular settlement period is greater than ten (10) Collateral Business Days under normal market 
conditions have not been settled, this shall constitute a Collateral Disruption Event. 
3.7 
Collateral Substitution 
If "Collateral Substitution" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer (or the Collateral Agent 
on its behalf) may w ithdraw  and/or replace Collateral Assets from any Collateral Account provided that follow ing such 
adjustment the Collateral Test continues to be satisfied. The Issuer (or the Collateral Agent on its behalf) w ill send or cause 
to be sent a Collateral Test Notice to the Collateral Monitoring Agent and the Collateral Custodian (copied to the Issuer and 
the Guarantor, as the case may be) specifying the adjustments to be made to the Collateral Pool (including inter alia the type 
and quantity of any Collateral Assets to be deposited and/or removed). The Collateral Business Day immediate ly follow ing 
the day on w hich such Collateral Test Notice is given by the Issuer (or the Collateral Agent on its behalf) for the substitution 
of Collateral Assets as described above w ill be deemed to be a Collateral Test Date. 
3.8 
Notification of settlement failure 
The Collateral Custodian shall notify the Issuer, the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Monitoring Agent if the settlement of 
any transfer of Collateral Assets has not completed w ithin the common market practice timeframe for settlement of the type  
of Collateral Asset being so transferred. For the avoidance of doubt, such notification shall be taken into account w hen 
assessing w hether settlement has occurred during the Required Settlement Period described above.

--- Page 751 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Secured Warrants 
 
751 
 
4. 
DEFAULT, ENFORCEM ENT AND REALISATION 
4.1 
Events of Default 
In accordance w ith Condition [8]/[8] of the General Terms and Conditions of the Warrants, Secured Warrants w ill be subject 
to: 
(i) 
the same Events of Default as are applicable to Warrants w hich are not Secured Warrants; and 
(ii) 
an additional Event of Default if a Required Collateral Default Notice is delivered in relation to a Collateral Pool 
securing such Secured Warrants, meaning that a Required Collateral Default has occurred. 
A Required Collateral Default means either: 
(A) 
follow ing receipt of a Collateral Monitoring Agent Notice w hich indicates that the Collateral Test is not satisfied (or w ill not be 
satisfied after taking into account any adjustments specified in a Collateral Test Notice): 
(1) 
no First Level Revised Collateral Test Notice or Dispute Notice has been sent; or 
(2) 
no Second Level Revised Collateral Test Notice or Dispute Resolution Procedure Notice has been sent; or 
(3) 
no Post Dispute Collateral Test Notice has been sent, 
in each case on or before the fifth Collateral Business Day follow ing the date on w hich the Collateral Agent had the obligation 
to send such notice to the Collateral Monitoring Agent; or 
(B) 
the Issuer or the Collateral Agent (on behalf of the Issuer) fails to deliver the additional necessary Collateral Assets w ithin 
the Required Settlement Period and such failure results in the Collateral Test not being satisfied for five (5) consecutive 
Collateral Business Days follow ing the end of such Required Settlement Period (w hen determining w hether the Collateral 
Test has been so satisfied, only Collateral Assets w hich have actually been transferred to the relevant Collateral Account 
shall be taken into account). 
Follow ing the occurrence of a Required Collateral Default, the Collateral Monitoring Agent shall send a notice to the Issuer, the 
Guarantor, the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Custodian, the Security Trustee or the Security Agent, as the case may be, specifying 
that a Required Collateral Default has occurred (the Required Collateral Default Notice). 
Upon receipt of such Required Collateral Default Notice, the Issuer or failing w hich the Security Trustee or the Security Agent, as the 
case may be, shall give notice in accordance w ith Condition [12]/[12] of the General Terms and Conditions of the Warrants, as soon 
as reasonably practicable to all relevant Warrantholders. 
Follow ing the occurrence of an Event of Default in relation to an Issue of Secured Warrants, a Warrantholder may give w ritten notice 
to the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Security Trustee or the Security Agent, as the case may be, that the Warrants held by such 
Warrantholder are immediately due and repayable at their Early Termination Settlement Amount (as defined in the General Terms 
and Conditions of the Warrants) (the delivery of such a notice being hereafter referred to as a Secured Warrant Acceleration Event). 
If a Secured Warrant Acceleration Event occurs in relation to one or more Secured Warrants (such Warrants being Accelerated 
Secured Warrants), all Secured Warrants w hich are secured by the same Collateral Pool as the one securing such Accelerated 
Secured Warrant(s) w ill also become immediately due and repayable at their Early Termination Settlement Amount. This applies both 
in the case of a Single Issue Collateral Pool and in the case of a Multiple Issue Collateral Pool. 
Follow ing the occurrence of a Secured Warrant Acceleration Event, the Issuer or failing w hich the Security Trustee or the Sec urity 
Agent, as the case may be, shall give notice in accordance w ith Condition [12]/[12] of the General Terms and Conditions of the 
Warrants, as soon as reasonably practicable to all relevant Warrantholders of one or more Secured Warrants w hich are secured by 
the same Collateral Pool as such Warrantholders.

--- Page 752 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Secured Warrants 
 
752 
 
Follow ing the occurrence of a Secured Warrant Acceleration Event in relation to a Secured Warrant, the Pledge Agreement relating 
to the Collateral Pool securing such Issue of Secured Warrants w ill not become immediately enforceable, but instead Warrantholders 
w hose Warrants have become immediately due and repayable in accordance w ith this Condition 4.1 w ill initially be entitled to claim 
for any outstanding amounts due to them under the terms of the Guarantee. 
If neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor has paid all amounts due to Warrantholders of an Issue of Secured Warrants in relation to 
w hich a Secured Warrant Acceleration Event has occurred w ithin a period of three (3) Collateral Business Days follow ing notification 
to Warrantholders of the occurrence of such Secured Warrant Acceleration Event, any Warrantholder of such Issue w ill be entitled to 
send a notice in w riting to the Security Trustee or the Security Agent (as the case may be) requesting that the relevant Pledge 
Agreement be enforced in accordance w ith the terms thereof (a Collateral Enforcement Notice). 
Although the Pledge Agreement relating to a particular Collateral Pool may only be enforced follow ing a failure by the Issuer or the 
Guarantor to pay w ithin the three (3) Collateral Business Days period referred to above the amounts due after the occurrence of a 
Secured Warrant Acceleration Event, the security provided pursuant to the Pledge Agreement remains security granted by the Issuer 
in relation to the Issuer's payment obligations under the Secured Warrants and does not secure the payment obligations of the  
Guarantor under the Guarantee. 
The Security Trustee or the Security Agent, as the case may be, shall, follow ing receipt of a Collateral Enforcement Notice, promptly 
give notice of the same to the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Custodian and the other Warrantholders 
w hose Warrants are secured on the Collateral Pool in relation to w hich such Collateral Enforcement Notice relates. 
4.2 
Enforcement and Realisation of Collateral Assets 
Upon receipt of a Collateral Enforcement Notice, the Security Trustee or the Security Agent, as the case may be, w ill enforce 
the relevant Pledge Agreement relating to the relevant Collateral Pool in accordance w ith the terms thereof and these 
Additional Terms and Conditions (as completed by the applicable Final Terms) and w ill: 
(i) 
give instructions to the Disposal Agent to liquidate or realise the Collateral Assets in each Collateral Pool w hich 
secures an Issue of Secured Warrants in accordance w ith Condition 4.4 and subsequently distribute the relevant 
Collateral Enforcement Proceeds Share to relevant Warrantholders in accordance w ith Condition 4.5, or 
(ii) 
w here Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, arrange for 
delivery of the relevant Collateral Assets Entitlement to the relevant Warrantholders in accordance w ith Condition 
4.7, 
in each case after payment of any amounts payable to the Secured Parties ranking prior to the holders of the Non-Waived 
Warrants in accordance w ith the Order of Priority (such amounts to be paid either out of the proceeds of such liquidation or 
realisation of Collateral Assets or out of the proceeds transferred by the Warrantholders in accordance w ith Condition 4.7). 
4.3 
Enforcement and Realisation by Warrantholders 
No Warrantholder shall be entitled to enforce a Pledge Agreement or to proceed directly against the Issuer to enforce the 
other provisions of a Pledge Agreement unless the Security Trustee or the Security Agent (as the case may be), having 
become bound to enforce or proceed, fails to do so w ithin a reasonable time and such failure is continuing or if the Security  
Trustee or the Security Agent, as the case may be, is prevented from enforcing a Pledge Agreement by any court order. 
4.4 
Method of realisation of Collateral Assets 
Subject as may otherw ise be provided for in these Additional Terms and Conditions or the applicable Final Terms, the 
Security Trustee or the Security Agent, as the case may be, or the Disposal Agent on their behalf, may sell the Collateral 
Assets in one single tranche or in smaller tranches as it considers appropriate in order to attempt reasonably to maximise 
the proceeds from such sale. The Security Trustee or the Security Agent, as the case may be, or the Dis posal Agent on their 
behalf may affect sales of the Collateral Assets (i) on any securities exchange or quotation service on w hich the Collateral 
Assets may be listed or quoted, (ii) on the over-the-counter market or (iii) by entering into any other transactions on 
exchanges or on the over-the counter market.

--- Page 753 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Secured Warrants 
 
753 
 
In general the Security Trustee and the Security Agent shall be able to exercise any right regarding the realisation of the 
Collateral Assets in accordance w ith article 11 of the Collateral Act 2005 including but not limited to the appropriation of the 
Collateral Assets at their value as determined by the Collateral Agent as at the most recent Collateral Test Date. 
Where the Security Trustee, the Security Agent or, in either case, the Disposal Agent on their behalf is required or requested 
to dispose of any Collateral Assets other than on any securities exchange or quotation service on w hich the Collateral Assets  
may be listed or quoted then, in compliance w ith the relevant provisions of the Collateral A ct 2005: 
(a) 
the Security Trustee, the Security Agent or, in either case, the Disposal Agent on their behalf shall seek firm bid 
quotations from at least three independent dealers in assets similar in nature to the relevant Collateral Assets (and, 
for such purpose, it may seek quotations in respect of such Collateral Assets in their entirety or in respect of 
designated tranches thereof, as it considers appropriate in order to maximise the proceeds of the sale of such 
Collateral Assets); 
(b) 
for the purposes of obtaining the quotations referred to in (a) above, the Security Trustee, the Security Agent or, in 
either case, the Disposal Agent on their behalf may itself provide a bid in respect of the relevant Collateral As sets 
or any tranche thereof; and 
(c) 
the Security Trustee, the Security Agent or, in either case, the Disposal Agent on their behalf shall be authorised to 
accept in respect of each relevant tranche or, as applicable, the entirety of the relevant Collateral Assets the highest 
quotation so obtained (w hich may be a quotation from the Security Trustee, the Security Agent or, in either case, 
the Disposal Agent on their behalf (w hen providing such quotations themselves, the Security Trustee, the Security 
Agent or the Disposal Agent shall act in a commercially reasonable manner). 
4.5 
Application and distribution of proceeds of enforcement 
Unless "Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, in connection w ith the enforcement 
of a Pledge Agreement, after the realisation and liquidation in full of all the Collateral Assets in a Collateral Pool in accordance 
w ith Condition 4.4, the Security Trustee or the Security Agent, as the case may be, shall use the proceeds of such realisation 
and liquidation of the Collateral Assets to make payment of any amounts payable to the Secured Parties ranking prior to the 
holders of Non-Waived Warrants in accordance w ith the Order of Priority specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The net proceeds of realisation of, or enforcement w ith respect to, the Collateral Assets in a Collateral Pool follow ing payment 
of all amounts payable to the Secured Parties ranking prior to the holders of Non-Waived Warrants in accordance w ith the 
Order of Priority specified in the applicable Final Terms constitutes the Collateral Enforcement Proceeds from w hich, the 
Security Trustee or the Security Agent, as the case may be, shall determine the Collateral Enforcement Proceeds Share in 
respect of each Secured Warrant and shall notify such amounts to the Warrantholders in accordance w ith Condition [12]/[12] 
of the General Terms and Conditions of the Warrants, as applicable. 
The Security Trustee or the Security Agent, as the case may be, w ill determine the Collateral Enforcement Proceeds 
Share in respect of an Issue of Secured Warrants, by calculating the pro rata share of the Aggregate Collateral Enforcement 
Proceeds Share attributable to each Secured Warrant in such Issue of Secured Warrants. 
Where: 
Aggregate Collateral Enforcement Proceeds Share means, in respect of an Issue of Secured Warrants, the product of 
the Collateral Ratio applicable to such Issue of Secured Warrants and the Collateral Enforcement Proceeds in respect of the 
Collateral Pool w hich secures such Issue of Secured Warrants. 
Collateral Ratio means, in respect of an Issue of Secured Warrants, the amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to the 
Final Required Collateral Value applicable to such Issue of Secured Warrants divided by the Pool Aggregate Final Required 
Collateral Value applicable to the Collateral Pool w hich secures such Issue of Secured Warrants. In case of Single Issue 
Collateral Pool the Collateral Ratio shall be 100 per cent and the Aggregate Collateral Enforcement Proceeds Shares shall 
be equal to the Collateral Enforcement Proceeds in respect of such Collateral Pool.

--- Page 754 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Secured Warrants 
 
754 
 
Final Required Collateral Value means the Required Collateral Value for an Issue of Secured Warrants as calculated by 
the Collateral Monitoring Agent at the Collateral Test Date immediately preceding the delivery of a Collateral Enforcement 
Notice. 
Pool Aggregate Final Required Collateral Value means, in respect of a Multiple Issue Collateral Pool, the aggregate of 
the Final Required Collateral Value of each Issue of Secured Warrants w hich is secured by such Collateral Pool. Subject as 
provided below , the remaining proceeds from the realisation of the Collateral Assets in a Collateral Pool w ill then be applied 
in meeting the claims of Warrantholders under the Secured Warrants w hich are secured by the relevant Collateral Pool 
(taking into account any amounts w hich have been paid to Warrantholders by the Guarantor pursuant to the terms of the 
Guarantee) pro rata to the Collateral Enforcement Proceeds Share of each such Secured Warrant. 
Such claim w ill be adjusted in accordance w ith the follow ing rules: 
 
If the Collateral Enforcement Proceeds Share for a particular Secured Warrant is greater than the difference 
betw een (A) the amount due to such Warrantholder, by the Issuer in respect of the Warrants, or by the Guarantor 
under the terms of the Guarantee and (B) any amounts w hich have been paid to such Warrantholder by the Issuer 
or the Guarantor in respect of this particular Secured Warrant, being the Owed Amount, then such excess amount 
w ill not be distributed to such Warrantholder but w ill be distributed to the Secured Parties ranking after the holders 
of Non-Waived Warrants in accordance w ith the Order of Priority specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
 
otherw ise, if the Collateral Enforcement Proceeds Share for a particular Secured Warrant is low er than, the Ow ed 
Amount then, in accordance w ith Condition 2.6.1 above, such Warrantholder shall not be entitled to any further 
recourse against the Issuer for such shortfall amount, but may claim any payment of such shortfall amount from the 
Guarantor under the terms of the Guarantee. 
Order of Priority means the order specified in the applicable Final Terms follow ing w hich the Security Trustee or the Security 
Agent, as the case may be, shall apply moneys received follow ing enforcement of the relevant Pledge Agreement in 
accordance w ith Condition 4.2. The Order of Priority may be the Standard Order of Priority (as defined below ) or any 
alternative order betw een sub-paragraphs (a), (b), (c), (d), (e) and (f) below , as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(a) 
payment or satisfaction of all Liabilities incurred by or payable by the Issuer or Guarantor, in relation to the relevant 
Secured Warrants, to the Security Trustee or the Security Agent or, w here applicable, the Disposal Agent and/or 
Substitute Paying Agent (w hich shall include any taxes required to be paid, the costs of realising any security 
(including the distribution of enforcement proceeds and/or, w here Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets is 
applicable, Delivery of the Collateral Assets Entitlement to the Warrantholders of the related Secured Warrants) 
and the remuneration of the Security Trustee or the Security Agent or, w here applicable, the Disposal Agent and/or 
Substitute Paying Agent); 
(b) 
payment of any amounts due to be paid or reimbursed to the Collateral Custodian by the Issuer; 
(c) 
payment of any amounts due to be paid or reimbursed to the Collateral Monitoring Agent by the Issuer; 
(d) 
payment of any amounts due to holders of Non-Waived Warrants in accordance w ith Condition 4.2; 
(e) 
pro rata in payment of any amounts ow ed to the creditors (if any) w hose claims have arisen as a result of the 
creation, operation or liquidation of the Collateral Assets (save to the extent that the claims of any such creditor fall 
w ithin paragraphs (a) to (d) above; and 
(f) 
payment of the balance (if any) to the Issuer. 
Standard Order of Priority means that the Order of Priority shall follow  the order (a), (b), (c), (d), (e), (f) specified in the 
definition of Order of Priority above.

--- Page 755 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Secured Warrants 
 
755 
 
4.6 
Inability to realise Collateral Assets 
If the Security Trustee, the Security Agent or, in either case, the Disposal Agent on their behalf is unable to sell the Collateral 
Assets on any securities exchange or quotation service on w hich the Collateral Assets may be listed or quoted or obtain the 
three quotations required for the sale of one or more Collateral Assets, in each case pursuant to Condition 4.4, for a period 
of one year from the date of the relevant Secured Warrant Acceleration Event (such Collateral Assets being Non-Realised 
Collateral Assets), then in lieu of cash settlement of such Non-Realised Collateral Assets and notw ithstanding any other 
provision hereof, the Security Trustee or the Security Agent, as the case may be, shall be entitled to Deliver, or procure the 
Delivery of, such Non−Realised Collateral Assets to the relevant Warrantholders in accordance w ith Condition 4.7 and the 
Order of Priority specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If Delivery of any Non-Realised Collateral Assets is not possible due to the occurrence of a Physical Delivery of Collateral 
Assets Disruption Event (as defined below ) that is continuing for a period of more than 20 Collateral Business Days, the 
Security Trustee, the Security Agent or, in either case, the Disposal Agent on their behalf, shall be entitled to either (i) sell 
such Non-Realised Collateral Assets by accepting the first available price for such Non-Realised Collateral Assets or (ii) 
Deliver such Non-Realised Collateral Assets if Delivery subsequently becomes possible. 
Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets Disruption Event means any event beyond the control of the Issuer, the Collateral 
Agent, the Substitute Paying Agent, the Disposal Agent, the Security Trustee or the Security Agent, as the case may be, as 
a result of w hich the relevant Clearing System cannot Deliver some or all of the Collateral Assets Entitlement required to be  
delivered pursuant to the terms of these Additional Terms and Conditions. 
4.7 
Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets 
If "Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, upon enforcement of a Pledge 
Agreement, the Security Trustee or the Security Agent, as the case may be, w ill not sell, or cause to be sold, the Collateral 
Assets but w ill instead deliver or cause to be delivered the Collateral Assets Entitlement to each Warrantholder in the manne r 
set out in this Condition 4.7 (such delivery being referred as Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets). In such case, follow ing 
enforcement of a Pledge Agreement, the Security Trustee or the Security Agent, as the case may be, w ill determine the 
Collateral Assets Entitlement in respect of each Secured Warrant and shall notify such amounts to the Warrantholders in 
accordance w ith Condition [12]/[12] of the General Terms and Conditions of the Warrants, as applicable. For the avoidance 
of doubt, the obligation of Security Trustee or the Security Agent, as the case may be, not to sell or cause to be sold the 
Collateral Assets shall not apply if (i) there is a Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets Disruption Event or (ii) the sale is not 
made for the purposes of paying any amounts due to the Secured Parties ranking prior to the holders of Non-Waived 
Warrants in accordance w ith the Order of Priority specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Where: 
Collateral Assets Entitlement means, for each Non-Waived Warrant in an Issue of Secured Warrants, Collateral Assets 
w ith a value (based on the market valuations of such assets by the Collateral Monitoring Agent on the Collateral Test Date 
immediately preceding the delivery of the Collateral Enforcement Notice) equal to (a) the product of (i) the Collateral Ratio 
applicable to such Issue of Secured Warrants and (ii) the Final Collateral Value in respect of the Collateral Pool w hich 
secures such Issue of Secured Warrants divided by (b) the number of Non-Waived Warrants of such Issue of Secured 
Warrants; and 
Final Collateral Value means the Collateral Value determined by the Collateral Monitoring Agent on the Collateral Test Date 
immediately preceding the delivery of a Collateral Enforcement Notice less any amounts payable to the Secured Parties 
ranking prior to the holders of Non-Waived Warrants in accordance w ith the Order of Priority specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Subject as provided below , the Security Trustee or the Security Agent, as the case may be, w ill either: 
(a) 
realise and liquidate sufficient Collateral Assets in accordance w ith Condition 4.4 to ensure payment of any amounts 
payable to the Secured Parties ranking prior to the holders of Non-Waived Warrants in accordance w ith the Order 
of Priority specified in the applicable Final Terms, or

--- Page 756 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Secured Warrants 
 
756 
 
(b) 
upon transfer of sufficient funds by the Warrantholders, pay any such amount payable to the Secured Parties 
ranking prior to the holders of Non-Waived Warrants in accordance w ith the Order of Priority specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Follow ing such payment, the Security Trustee or the Security Agent (as the case may be) w ill notify Warrantholders of the 
relevant Collateral Delivery Date and w ill Deliver the Collateral Assets Entitlement to the Warrantholders of the Secured 
Warrants secured by the relevant Collateral Pool in accordance w ith the method of transfer of Collateral Assets specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, subject to the follow ing provisions: 
(c) 
if the market value of the Collateral Assets contained in a Collateral Assets Entitlement (based on the valuations of 
the market value of such assets by the Collateral Monitoring Agent on the Collateral Test Date immediately 
preceding the delivery of the Collateral Enforcement Notice) for a particular Secured Warrant is greater than the 
Ow ed Amount, then assets from the Collateral Assets Entitlement for a value equal to such excess amount w ill be 
liquidated and the proceeds thereof w ill then be distributed to the Secured Parties ranking after the holders of 
Non-Waived Warrants in accordance w ith the Order of Priority specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(d) 
otherw ise, w hen the market value of the Collateral Assets contained in a Collateral Assets Entitlement (based on 
the valuations of the market value of such assets by the Collateral Monitoring Agent on the Collateral Test Date 
immediately preceding the delivery of the Collateral Enforcement Notice) for a particular Secured Warrant is low er 
than the Ow ed Amount, then, in accordance w ith Condition 2.6.1 such Warrantholder shall not be entitled to any 
further recourse against the Issuer for such shortfall amount, but may claim any payment of such shortfall amount 
from the Guarantor under the terms of the Guarantee. 
4.8 
Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets Disruption Event 
4.8.1 
If, in the opinion of the Substitute Paying Agent or the Security Trustee or the Security Agent, as the case may be, Delivery  
of all or some of the Collateral Assets forming part of the Collateral Assets Entitlement using the method of Delivery specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, or such other commercially reasonable manner as the Substitute Paying Agent or the Security 
Trustee or the Security Agent, as the case may be, has determined, is not practicable by reason of a Physical Delivery of 
Collateral Assets Disruption Event having occurred and continuing on any Collateral Delivery Date, then such Collateral 
Delivery Date shall be postponed to the first follow ing Collateral Business Day in respect of w hich there is no such Physical 
Delivery of Collateral Assets Disruption Event, provided that the Substitute Paying Agent or the Security Trustee or the 
Security Agent, as the case may be, may elect to Deliver the Collateral Assets forming part of the Collateral Assets 
Entitlement in such other commercially reasonable manner as it may select and in such event the Collateral Delivery Date 
shall be such day as the Substitute Paying Agent or the Security Trustee or the Security Agent, as the case may be, deems 
appropriate in connection w ith Delivery of the Collateral Assets forming part of the Collateral Assets Entitlement. 
4.8.2 
For the avoidance of doubt, w here a Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets Disruption Event affects some but not all of the 
Collateral Assets forming part of the Collateral Assets Entitlement due to be delivered to a Warrantholder, the Collateral 
Delivery Date for those Collateral Assets forming part of the Collateral Assets Entitlement w hich are able to be Delivered w ill 
be the Collateral Delivery Date on w hich such Collateral Assets are delivered. 
If a Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets Disruption Event occurs and is continuing for a period of more than 20 Collateral  
Business Days (or such other period specified in the applicable Final Terms), then in lieu of physical settlement and 
notw ithstanding any other provision hereof, the Security Trustee or the Security Agent (as the case may be) or the Disposal 
Agent on their behalf, shall sell or realise assets they are unable to deliver (the Undeliverable Collateral Assets) and deliver 
the proceeds thereof to Warrantholders in the manner set out in Conditions 4.4 and 4.5. 
4.8.3 
If the Security Trustee, the Security Agent, or in either case, the Disposal Agent on their behalf is unable to either (i) sell the 
Collateral Assets on any securities exchange or quotation service on w hich the Collateral Assets may be listed or quoted or 
obtain the three quotations required for the sale of the Collateral Assets, in each case pursuant to Condition 4.4 or (ii) Deliver 
such Collateral Assets due to the continuation of a Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets Disruption Event, for a period of

--- Page 757 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Secured Warrants 
 
757 
 
one year from the date of the relevant Secured Warrant Acceleration Event, the Security Trustee, the Security Agent or the 
Disposal Agent shall be entitled to accept the first available price for such Collateral Assets. 
The Security Trustee or the Security Agent, or the Substitute Paying Agent on its behalf, shall give notice as soon as 
practicable to the Warrantholders in accordance w ith Condition [12]/[12] of the General Terms and Conditions that a Physical 
Delivery of Collateral Assets Disruption Event has occurred. No Warrantholder shall be entitled to any payment in respect of 
the relevant Secured Warrants in the event of any delay in the Delivery of the Collateral Assets forming part of the Collater al 
Assets Entitlement due to the occurrence of a Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets Disruption Event and no liability in 
respect thereof shall attach to the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Security Agent or the Security Trustee. 
4.9 
Liability of the Security Trustee and the Security Agent 
Neither the Security Trustee nor the Security Agent w ill, in the absence of negligence, fraud and w ilful misconduct, have any  
liability as to the consequence of any enforcement or realisation action and neither w ill have regard to the effect of such 
action on individual Warrantholders. 
5. 
REPLACEM ENT OF PROGRAMME PARTIES 
Each of the Collateral Agency Agreement, the Collateral Monitoring Agency Agreement, the Collateral Custodian Agreement, 
the Securities Valuation Agency Agreement, the Disposal Agency Agreement, the Substitute Paying Agency Agreement and 
the Security Agency Agreement and each relevant Pledge Agreement and Security Trust Deed contain, or w ill contain, 
provisions for the termination of such agreement and, as the case may be, the removal or replacement of the role of the 
relevant Collateral Arrangement Party appointed thereunder. Any such termination, removal and/or replacement w ill be 
effected in accordance w ith the provisions of such agreements and these Additional Terms and Conditions and may be 
effected w ithout the consent of Warrantholders. No such termination or removal shall be effective until a replacement entity 
has been appointed. The Issuer shall be required to give notice to Warrantholders of any such termination, removal and/or 
replacement in accordance w ith Condition [12]/[12] of the General Terms and Conditions of the Warrants, as applicable. 
The replacement of the Collateral Custodian may only be effected w hen certain conditions relating to the substitute Collateral 
Custodian are fulfilled. Such conditions include, but are not limited to a requirement that: (i) the substitute Collateral 
Custodian is incorporated in an Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) member country, (ii) the 
substitute Collateral Custodian is a fully licensed credit institution in Luxembourg, (iii) in the reasonable opinion of the Issuer 
and the Arranger, the substitute Collateral Custodian is able to act as Collateral Custodian and fulfil the obligations and 
duties expressed to be binding on it pursuant to the terms of the Collateral Custodian Agreement and (iv) the substitute 
Collateral Custodian is chosen from a pre-established list of entities (including BBH, Citi, HSBC, JP Morgan, Northern Trust, 
RBC Dexia Investor Services, BP2S, State Street or Wells Fargo & Company Inc) or otherw ise is a custodial entity of similar 
repute and good standing.

--- Page 758 ---
Form of Guarantee 
 
758 
 
FORM OF GUARANTEE 
THIS GUARANTEE is made as of 28 June 2021 by Societe Generale (the Guarantor) in favour of the Warrantholders (as defined in 
the General Terms and Conditions of the Warrants). 
WHEREAS: 
1. 
SG Issuer and Societe Generale Effekten GmbH (the Issuers) and the Guarantor have entered into a Programme Agreement 
dated 29 July 2016, as amended from time to time (the Programme Agreement) with the Dealers named therein under 
w hich the Issuer proposes from time to time to issue w arrants (together the Warrants, such expression to include each 
Materialised Warrant and each Dematerialised Warrant issued by an Issuer (the terms "Materialised Warrants" and 
"Dematerialised Warrants" having the meaning ascribed thereto in the General Terms and Conditions of the French Law  
Warrants (as set out in the Base Prospectus)) and each Definitive Warrant, each Global Warrant, each Uncertificated Warrant 
and each Registered Warrant issued by the Issuer (each term having the meaning ascribed thereto in the General Terms 
and Conditions of the English Law  Warrants (as set out in the Base Prospectus)); 
2. 
the Issuers have executed a Deed of Covenant (the Deed of Covenant, w hich expression includes the same as it may be 
amended, supplemented or restated from time to time) made as of 29 July 2016 relating to Global Warrants  issued by the 
Issuer pursuant to the Programme Agreement; 
3. 
this Guarantee w ill only apply in relation to Warrants issued on or after the date of this Guarantee; 
4. 
the Issuers and the Guarantor have entered into an Agency Agreement dated 29 July 2016 in relation to the English Law  
Warrants (the Agency Agreement, w hich expression includes the same as it may be amended, supplemented or restated 
from time to time) w ith the Paying Agent, the Registrar and other parties named therein ; and 
5. 
the Issuers and the Guarantor have entered into a French Law  Agency Agreement dated 29 July 2016 in relation to the 
French Law  Warrants (the French Law Agency Agreement, w hich expression includes the same as it may be amended, 
supplemented or restated from time to time) w ith the Paying Agent, the Registrar and other parties named therein. 
NOW THIS GUARANTEE WITNESSES AS FOLLOWS: 
1. 
Guarantee 
The Guarantor irrevocably and unconditionally guarantees to each Warrantholder to pay any sum or amount payable by the Issuer  in 
respect of any Warrant (including any premium or any other amounts of w hatever nature or additional amounts w hich may become 
payable under the foregoing), as and w hen the sum or amount shall become due under any of the foregoing in accordance w ith the 
terms and conditions of the Warrants in the same manner as if such payment w as made by the Issuer; provided that (i) in the case of 
any Physical Delivery Warrants in respect of w hich the relevant guaranteed obligation of the Issuer is an obligation to trans fer the 
Deliverable Asset(s) in respect of a Physical Delivery Amount the Guarantor may, in lieu of such transfer, pay a cash amount in the 
Settlement Currency equal to the fair market value (as determined by the Calculation Agent in a commercially reasonable manne r, 
on or about the due date for transfer of the relevant Deliverable Asset(s) in respect of the Physical Delivery Amount of the Deliverable 
Asset(s) in respect of the Physical Delivery Amount, as the case may be, and (ii) if any payment described above is affected by a 
Currency Unavailability (as defined in the General Terms and Conditions), the Guarantor w ill be entitled to satisfy its obligations to 
the relevant Warrantholder by making payment in euro or U.S. dollars in accordance w ith the above mentioned Currency Unavailability 
provisions of the General Terms and Conditions. 
All references in this Guarantee to sums or amounts payable by the Issuer shall (if applicable) be to such sums and/or amounts as 
directly reduced, and/or in the case of conversion into equity, as reduced by the amount of such conversion, and/or otherw ise modified 
from time to time resulting from the application of a bail-in pow er by any relevant authority and the provisions of clause 1 shall be 
construed accordingly. In addition, the obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantee can be subject to the application of a bail-in 
pow er by any relevant authority. 
The Guarantor w aives all benefits of discussion.

--- Page 759 ---
Form of Guarantee 
 
759 
 
The Guarantor also w aives the possibility to raise or assert to the full extent permitted by law  any objection of any nature w hatsoever 
tow ards any Warrantholder. In particular, the Guarantor acknow ledges that neither the existence, nor the validity, nor the call of the 
Guarantee w ill be affected, and that it w ill not be released from its obligations, at no time, in the event that (i) a payment delay, a 
w aiver or w hatever acceptance w ould be granted to the Issuer (ii) the Terms and Conditions of the Warrants w ould be subject to an 
amendment or w hatever rider, (iii) the Issuer or the Guarantor w ould be subject to a merger, division, or in case of disappearance of 
legal or factual ties existing betw een the Guarantor and the Issuer. 
2. 
Call of the Guarantee 
The Guarantee may be called by w ritten notification addressed to the Guarantor by registered letter w ith an acknow ledgement of 
receipt by any authorised person concerned. Any notification made under the Guarantee w ill be deemed to be received at the date of 
the first presentation of the registered letter w ith an acknow ledgement of receipt. 
All sums due under the Guarantee w ill be payable in immediately available funds in the currency in w hich they are due in accordance 
w ith the Terms and Conditions of the Warrants. 
3. 
Term 
The Guarantee shall come into force on the date of its signature and continue to produce its effects until no sums or amounts due by 
the Issuer under the Warrants remains payable. 
4. 
Subrogation 
Until all amounts w hich may be payable under the Guarantee have been irrevocably paid in full, the Guarantor shall not, by virtue of 
this Guarantee, be subrogated to any rights of any Warrantholder or claim in competition w ith the Warrantholders against the Issuer. 
5. 
Status of Guarantee 
The obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantee constitute direct unconditional unsecured unsubordinated obligations of the 
Guarantor ranking as senior preferred obligations as provided in Article L.613-30-I-3° of the French Code Monétaire et Financier. 
Such Guarantee obligations rank and w ill rank equally and rateably w ithout any preference or priority among themselves and: 
(i) 
pari passu w ith all other direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantor outstanding as of 
the date of the entry into force of the law  n°2016-1691 dated 9 December 2016 on 11 December 2016 (the Law); 
(ii) 
pari passu w ith all other present or future direct, unconditional, unsecured and senior preferred obligations (as provided for 
in Article L. 613-30-3-I-3° of the Code) of the Guarantor issued after the date of the entry into force of the Law ; 
(iii) 
junior to all present or future claims of the Guarantor benefiting from the statutorily preferred exceptions; and 
(iv) 
senior to all present and future senior non-preferred obligations (as provided for in Article L. 613-30-3-I-4° of the Code) of 
the Guarantor. 
6. 
Stamp duty and registration fees 
All stamp duty and registration fees, as w ell as all taxes, penalties and fees that the Guarantee and its performance may generate, 
w ill be borne by the Issuer. 
7. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
The Guarantee is governed by French law . Any dispute, in particular relating to its validity, its interpretation and its performance, w ill 
fall under the scope of the Tribunal de Commerce de Paris. 
Paris, 28 June 2021

--- Page 760 ---
Description of Societe Generale 
 
760 
 
DESCRIPTION OF SOCIETE GENERALE 
1. 
STATUTORY AUDITORS 
For the financial years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020: 
Ernst & Young et Autres 
Member of the French Compagnie nationale des commissaires aux comptes 
Represented by Micha Missakian, 
1/2, place des Saisons, 92400 Courbevoie – Paris-La Défense 1, France 
Deloitte & Associés 
Member of the French Compagnie nationale des commissaires aux comptes 
Represented by Jean-Marc Mickeler, 
6, place de la Pyramide, 92908 Paris-La Défense Cedex, France. 
Ernst & Young et Autres and Deloitte & Associés have no material interest in Societe Generale. 
2. 
INFORMATION ABOUT SOCIETE GENERALE 
See section "Documents Incorporated by Reference" of this Base Prospectus. 
3. 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
See section "Documents Incorporated by Reference" of this Base Prospectus. 
4. 
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE 
See section "Documents Incorporated by Reference" of this Base Prospectus. 
5. 
TREND INFORMATION 
Save as disclosed on pages 3 and 4 of the 2021 Universal Registration Document, including the impact that the health crisis resulting 
from the coronavirus (COVID-19) may have, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of Societe Generale and 
its consolidated subsidiaries (taken as a w hole) since 31 December 2020. 
For information on any know n trends regarding Societe Generale, please refer to pages 14, 15 and 59 of the 2021 Universal 
Registration Document and pages 3 to 28 of the First Amendment to the 2021 Universal Registration Document incorporated by 
reference herein. 
6. 
PROFIT FORECASTS OR ESTIMATES 
This Base Prospectus does not contain any profit forecast or estimate relating to Societe Generale. 
7. 
ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BODIES 
See section "Documents Incorporated by Reference" of this Base Prospectus. 
At the Date of this Base Prospectus, there are no potential conflicts of interest betw een any duties ow ed by the Boar d of Directors 
and the Deputy Chief Executive Officers’ to Societe Generale and their private interests and/or other duties.

--- Page 761 ---
Description of Societe Generale 
 
761 
 
8. 
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS 
See section "Documents Incorporated by Reference" of this Base Prospectus. 
Societe Generale is not aw are of any arrangements the operation of w hich may at a subsequent date result in a change in control. 
9. 
FINANCIAL 
INFORMATION 
CONCERNING 
SOCIETE 
GENERALE’S 
ASSETS 
AND 
LIABILITIES, 
FINANCIAL 
POSITION AND PROFITS AND LOSSES 
9.1 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
Save as disclosed on pages 259, 519 to 522, 590 to 592 of the 2021 Universal Registration Document and on pages 36 and 37 of 
the First Amendment to the 2021 Universal Registration Document, for a period covering the last tw elve months, there have been no 
legal or arbitration proceedings relating to claims or amounts w hich are material in the context of the issue of Warrants thereunder to 
w hich Societe Generale is a party nor, to the best of the know ledge and belief of Societe Generale, are there any pending or threatened 
governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings relating to such claims or amounts w hich are material in the context of the is sue of 
Warrants thereunder w hich w ould in either case jeopardise the Issuer’s ability to discharge its obligations in respect of  the Warrants. 
See also section "Documents Incorporated by Reference” of this Base Prospectus. 
9.2 
Significant change in the financial or trading position 
There has been no significant change in the financial position or performance of Societe Generale and its  consolidated subsidiaries 
(taken as a w hole) since 31 March 2021. 
9.3 
Recent Events 
There has been no recent event.

--- Page 762 ---
Description of SG Issuer 
 
762 
 
DESCRIPTION OF SG ISSUER 
1. 
STATUTORY AUDITORS 
For the financial years ended on 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020: 
Ernst & Young S.A. 
Member of the Institut des Réviseurs d'Entreprises du Luxembourg 
represented by Charles Dequaire, 
35E, Avenue John F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg 
Ernst & Young S.A. has no material interest in SG Issuer. 
2. 
INFORMATION ABOUT SG ISSUER 
SG Issuer’s legal and commercial name is "SG Issuer". 
SG Issuer is registered w ith the Luxembourg trade and companies register under No. B 121.363. 
SG Issuer w as incorporated on 16 November 2006, for an unlimited duration under the legal name of Societe Generale d’Arbitrages 
et de Participations Luxembourg S.A. (SGAP). The extraordinary shareholder meeting held on 16 April 2012 has changed SGAP’s 
legal name to SG Issuer. 
SG Issuer is a financial institution w ithin the meaning of the Luxembourg act dated 5 April 1993 relating to the financial sector, as 
amended. 
SG Issuer, w hose registered office is located at 16, boulevard Royal L-2449 Luxembourg, is a public limited liability company (société 
anonyme) incorporated under the law s of Luxembourg. Its telephone number is + 352 27 85 44 40. 
There have been no recent events particular to SG Issuer w hich are to a material extent relevant to the evaluation of the SG Issuer’s 
solvency. 
There have been no material changes in SG Issuer’s borrow ing and funding structure since the last financial year . 
3. 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
3.1 
Principal activities 
The main activity of SG Issuer is the raising of funds via the issuance of securities to institutional and retail investors through 
distributors associated w ith Societe Generale. The funds raised through the issuance of such securities are subsequently on-lent to 
Societe Generale and other Group members. 
3.2 
Principal markets 
For these activities, SG Issuer has ordinary accounts opened in its name in different countries and currencies. The main ones  are: 
EUR, USD, GBP, HKD, CHF and JPY. 
Warrants issued by SG Issuer are listed in Paris, Luxembourg, Frankfurt, London, Brussels, Stockholm, Milano, Johannesburg and 
Zurich. 
4. 
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE 
SG Issuer is a member of the Group and has no subsidiaries.

--- Page 763 ---
Description of SG Issuer 
 
763 
 
A brief description and a simplified organisational chart of the Group is set out on pages 8 to 10 and 32 to 33 of the 2021 Universal 
Registration Document of Societe Generale (see section "Documents Incorporated by Reference" of this Base Prospectus). 
SG Issuer is dependent upon Societe Generale Luxembourg S.A. w ithin the Group. 
5. 
TREND INFORMATION 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of SG Issuer since 31 December 2020. 
SG Issuer expects business for the rest of this business year to continue as it has done so far over the course of 2021. 
6. 
PROFIT FORECASTS OR ESTIMATES 
This Base Prospectus does not contain any profit forecast or estimate relating to SG Issuer. 
7. 
ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BODIES 
7.1 
Pursuant to its articles of association, SG Issuer is managed by a board of directors under the supervision of a 
supervisory board 
The members of the board of directors are Laurent Weil, Thierry Bodson, Pascal Jacob, Yves Cacclin, Alexandre Galliche, Estel le 
Stephan Jaspard and Christian Rousson (individually a "Director" and collectively the Board of Directors). 
Laurent Weil, Thierry Bodson, Pascal Jacob, Yves Cacclin, Alexandre Galliche, Estelle Stephan Jaspard and Christian Rousson hold 
full-time management positions w ithin the Societe Generale group. 
Name: Laurent Weil 
Address: 17, cours Valmy, 92897 Paris la Défense 7, France 
Function within SG Issuer: Director 
Activities performed outside SG Issuer: Head of the Structuring, Transactions documentation and Projects Team in Europe – w ithin 
the Financial Engineering Department of the Global Market Activities of Societe Generale Investment Bank. 
Name: Thierry Bodson 
Address: 11, avenue Emile Reuter, L-2420 Luxembourg 
Function within SG Issuer: Director 
Activities performed outside SG Issuer: Corporate Engineer w ithin Societe Generale Luxembourg S.A. 
Name: Pascal Jacob 
Address: 11, avenue Emile Reuter, L-2420 Luxembourg 
Function within SG Issuer: Directors 
Activities performed outside SG Issuer: Loan Closer w ithin SGFD 
Name: Yves Cacclin 
Address: 11, avenue Emile Reuter, L-2420 Luxembourg 
Function within SG Issuer: Chairman of the Board of Directors

--- Page 764 ---
Description of SG Issuer 
 
764 
 
Activities performed outside SG Issuer: Head of Corporate and Investment banking in Societe Generale Luxembourg S.A. 
Name: Alexandre Galliche 
Address: 11, avenue Emile Reuter, L-2420 Luxembourg 
Function within SG Issuer: Director 
Activities performed outside SG Issuer: Corporate Engineer w ithin Societe Generale Luxembourg S.A. 
Name: Estelle Stephan Jaspard 
Address: 189, rue d'Aubervilliers 75886 PARIS Cedex 18, France 
Function within SG Issuer: Director 
Activities performed outside SG Issuer: Head of DFIN/MA R/NOR – Accounting Norms, Referentials & Schemes for Market 
activities w ithin Societe Generale 
Name: Christian Rousson 
Address: 17, cours Valmy, 92897 Paris la Défense 7, France 
Function within SG Issuer: Director 
Activities performed outside SG Issuer: Head of IT Engineering and Development at GBSU/EQD/DIR w ithin Societe Generale 
The members of the supervisory board are Olivier Freitas, Angelo Bonetti, Olivier Blanc, Pierre Lescourret and Gregory Claudy (the 
"Supervisory Board"). 
Olivier Freitas, Angelo Bonetti, Olivier Blanc and Pierre Lescourret currently hold full-time management positions w ithin the Societe 
Generale group. 
Name: Olivier Freitas 
Address: 11, avenue Emile Reuter, L-2420 Luxembourg 
Function within SG Issuer: Member of the Supervisory Board 
Activities performed outside SG Issuer: Head of Structured Solutions and Leasing Luxembourg 
Name: Angelo Bonetti 
Address: 17, cours Valmy, 92897 Paris la Défense 7, France 
Function within SG Issuer: Member of the Supervisory Board 
Activities performed outside SG Issuer: Head of Financial Center and Pool 3G 
Name: Olivier Blanc 
Address: 11, avenue Emile Reuter, L-2420 Luxembourg 
Function within SG Issuer: Member of the Supervisory Board 
Activities performed outside SG Issuer: Chief Operating Officer w ithin Societe Generale Luxembourg S.A.

--- Page 765 ---
Description of SG Issuer 
 
765 
 
Name: Pierre Lescourret 
Address : 17, cours Valmy, 92897 Paris la Défense 7, France 
Function within SG Issuer: Chairman of the Supervisory Board 
Activities performed outside SG Issuer: Global head of structuring – equity derivatives of the Business Unit Global Markets w ithin 
Societe Generale group 
Name: Gregory Claudy 
Address: 225a, rue du Burgknapp, B-6717 Heinstert 
Function within SG Issuer: Member of the Supervisory Board 
Activities performed outside SG Issuer: Non-Executive Director of Internaxx Bank S.A., Executive Director of Alitèr Sentio s.à.r.l., 
Executive Director of R Lease S.A. 
7.2 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, there are no conflicts of interest betw een any duties ow ed to SG Issuer by the 
members of its Board of Directors or the members of its Supervisory Board and their private interests and/or other duties. 
8. 
BOARD PRACTICES 
To the best of its know ledge and belief, SG Issuer complies w ith the corporate governance regime of Luxembourg. 
9. 
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS 
Shares of SG Issuer are held at 99.8 per cent. by Societe Generale Luxembourg S.A. and at 0.2 per cent by Societe Generale. It is a 
fully consolidated company. 
Shareholders meetings are convened in accordance w ith Luxembourg law . 
The annual general meeting of shareholders is held on the penultimate Thursday of March or, if it is not a bank w orking day in 
Luxembourg, the follow ing day. 
Shareholders are entitled to one vote per share. Resolutions proposed at ordinary annual general meetings of shareholders require 
a simple majority of votes cast. Resolutions proposed at extraordinary meetings of shareholders require a tw o third majority of votes 
cast w hen the resolution deals w ith either a modification of the Issuer’s articles of incorporation or the Issuer’s dissolution. Societe 
Generale Luxembourg S.A. has renounced to its voting rights on its shares. Societe Generale is the sole shareholder w ith voting 
rights. 
Each time all of the shareholders are present or represented and if they declare being informed of the agenda of the shareholders 
meeting, the shareholders meeting can be held w ithout notification. 
SG Issuer is not aw are of any arrangements the operation of w hich may at a subsequent date result in a change in control. 
10. 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING SG ISSUER’S ASSETS AND LIABILITIES, FINANCIAL POSITION AND 
PROFITS AND LOSSES 
10.1 
Historical financial information 
The financial year of SG Issuer runs from 1 January to 31 December. 
See also the section "Documents Incorporated by Reference" of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 766 ---
Description of SG Issuer 
 
766 
 
10.2 
Financial Statements 
SG Issuer publishes both non-audited interim financial statements and audited annual financial statements. SG Issuer does not 
publish consolidated financial statements. 
10.3 
Auditing of historical financial information 
For the financial year ended on 31 December 2019, the accounts w ere audited, w ithout qualification, in accordance w ith international 
financial reporting standards (IFRS). 
For the financial year ended on 31 December 2020, the accounts w ere audited, w ithout qualification, in accordance w ith IFRS. 
10.4 
Interim and other financial information 
Since the date of its last audited financial statements, SG Issuer has not published any interim or other financial information. 
10.5 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
There are no governmental, legal or administrative proceedings relating to claims or amounts during the period covering at least 
tw elve months prior to the date of this Base Prospectus (including any such proceedings w hich are pending or threatened of w hich 
SG Issuer is aw are) w hich may have or have had in the recent past significant effects on SG Issuer’s financial position. 
10.6 
Significant change in the financial or trading position 
There has been no significant change in the financial position or performance of SG Issuer since 31 December 2020. 
11. 
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
11.1 
Share capital 
The registered issued share capital of SG Issuer is EUR 2,000,320 divided into 50,008 ordinary fully paid up shares of EUR 40 each. 
11.2 
Dividends 
SG Issuer paid EUR 346 052.42 in dividends to its shareholders in the last tw o years as follow s: 
 
Year 
Dividends paid per share (in EUR) 
2020 
3.97 
2019 
2.95 
11.3 
Articles of association 
The corporate objects clause described in article 3 of SG Issuer's articles of association provides that, in compliance w ith the 
applicable law s and regulations, SG Issuer’s purpose is: 
 
to issue debt securities, bonds, certificates, w arrants (option coupons) and other debt securities or acknow ledgements of 
debt or financial securities, w hether or not accompanied by guarantees, w ith any type of underlying security including, w ithout 
limitation, corporate stock, any other capital security or security other than capital, index, currency, exchange rate, inter est 
rate, dividend, credit risk, fund unit, investment company stock, term deposit, life insurance contract, loan, merchandise, 
term contract, option, w arrant or option coupons, allocated or unallocated precious metals, unit of account, basket or any 
other factor or any other type of underlying securities or any combination of the latter; 
 
to purchase, hold, dispose of, lend, loan or resell, by any means, including in particular the use of trusts, in trust or 
repurchase, any type of assets w hatever their names and forms and w hether or not accompanied by guarantees, in particular

--- Page 767 ---
Description of SG Issuer 
 
767 
 
financial instruments (financial securities: stocks, fund units, bonds, certificates, w arrants or option coupons – or financial 
contracts: sw aps, options or other), or any other debt securities, acknow ledgements or debts or capital securities; 
 
to receive or issue money loans (including loans convertible into shares of the Issuer) – w ithin the group of companies to 
w hich the Issuer belongs – and to supply guarantees in any form (actual guarantees such as pledges, securities, mortgages 
or other – personal guarantees or any other form of guarantee), for their ow n account, for the account of the group of 
companies to w hich the Issuer belongs or on behalf of third parties. 
SG Issuer may carry out any industrial, commercial, financial, transferable or non-transferable transactions that are connected, directly 
or indirectly, in w hole or in part, to its corporate purpose. 
SG Issuer may carry out its corporate purpose directly or indirectly in its ow n name or on behalf of third parties, solely or in association, 
by conducting all transactions so as to favour the aforementioned purpose of the company or that of companies in w hich it has  
interests. 
As a general rule, SG Issuer may take any control or supervisory measures and conduct all transactions that may appear useful to it 
in fulfilling its purpose; SG Issuer may also hold administrative mandates in other companies in Luxembourg or abroad, w hether 
remunerated or not. 
12. 
MATERIAL CONTRACTS 
There are no material contracts (other than contracts entered into in the ordinary course of SG Issuer’s business) w hich could result 
in any Group member an obligation or entitlement that is material to SG Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations to Warrantholders in 
respect of the Warrants.

--- Page 768 ---
Description of Societe Generale Effekten Gmbh 
 
768 
 
DESCRIPTION OF SOCIETE GENERALE EFFEKTEN GMBH 
1. 
STATUTORY AUDITORS 
For the financial years ended on 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020: 
Deloitte & Touche GmbH Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft 
Member of the public law  institution German Chambers of Auditors 
Franklinstraße 50 
60486 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Deloitte & Touche GmbH has no material interest in Societe Generale Effekten GmbH. 
2. 
INFORMATION ABOUT SOCIETE GENERALE EFFEKTEN GMBH 
Société Générale Effekten GmbH has its registered office in Frankfurt am Main and is entered in the commercial register 
of Frankfurt local court under no. HRB 32283. It came into existence after LT Industriebeteiligungs -Gesellschaft mbH, 
w hich w as founded on 3 March 1977, w as renamed by resolution of the shareholders’ meeting on 5 October 1990. Société 
Générale Effekten GmbH w as founded as a limited liability company (Gesellschaft mit beschränkter Haftung - GmbH) 
under German law . Société Générale Effekten GmbH is the legal and commercial name of the Issuer. Its Legal Entity 
Identifier (LEI) is 529900W18LQJJN6SJ336. 
The Issuer acquired the interests in Société Générale Securities Services GmbH (SGSS), Aschheim, and ALD Lease 
Finanz GmbH (hereinafter referred to as "ALD LF"), Hamburg, including its subsidiaries (the Issuer, SGSS and ALD LF 
together the "SGE Group"), w ith the execution of the purchase agreement on 1 January 2017. Follow ing the 
aforementioned acquisition the Issuer became the parent company of the SGE Group as of 1 January 2017. 
The business address and telephone number of the Issuer are: 
Société Générale Effekten GmbH 
Neue Mainzer Straße 46-50 
D-60311 Frankfurt am Main  
Tel. 069/71 74 0 
The fully paid-in capital stock of Société Générale Effekten GmbH amounts to EUR 25,564.59. All shares in the Company 
are held by Société Générale.  
The w ebsite of the Issuer is http://w w w.sg-zertifikate.de. 
3. 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
The business purpose of the Issuer, as stipulated in its articles of association, is to issue and sell securities and engage in 
associated activities, as w ell as to purchase, sell, hold and manage its ow n interests in other companies in Germany and 
abroad, particularly those in the financial and service area generally, but excluding those activities and interests that w ould 
require authorization for the Issuer itself or w ould result in the Issuer being classified as a (mixed) financial holding 
company.  
The SGE Group operates in three segments that are managed respectively by SGE, SGSS and ALD LF.  
SGE is a w holly ow ned subsidiary of Société Générale, Frankfurt, w hich is a branch of Société Générale., Paris. The 
purpose of the Issuer is to issue w arrants and certificates that are both sold in their entirety to Société Générale, Paris and 
Société Générale Option Europe. Accordingly, the principal financing of the Issuers’ activities is the sale of Securities to 
the above mentioned companies of the Société Générale Group. In addition, there is a cost agreement (cost-plus-

--- Page 769 ---
Description of Societe Generale Effekten Gmbh 
 
769 
 
agreement) w ith Société Générale, Paris and Société Générale, Frankfurt under w hich the personnel and other operational 
costs of the Issuer are passed on to Société Générale , Paris and Société Générale, Frankfurt. 
All counterparties are companies of the Société Générale Group (consisting of the parent company Société Génér ale, 
Paris and its affiliates) (the "SG Group"). Another area in w hich the Issuer is active is the acquisition and holding and 
management of equity investments. 
On November 8, 2018, the SG Group signed an agreement in w hich Société Générale undertook to acquire Commerzban k 
AG’s Equity Markets and Commodities business (EMC), w hich includes the issuance and market-making of Flow  products 
("Flow Business") and structured products ("Exotic, Vanilla and Funds Business") and a part of the asset management 
activities (Asset Management Business). SGE w as selected as the "target issuer" for the Flow  Business segment. 
The migration of Flow  products to the books of SGE took place on 28/29 March 2020. SGE assumed all rights and 
obligations of Commerzbank AG as the issuer of the transferred securities as of 30 March 2020. The migration necessitated 
an extension of the listing to various other European markets. For further information on the migration of the EMC business 
please see section "11. Material Contracts" below .  
Due to the introduction of the "European passport" the Issuer can list its products on various stock exchanges in the 
European Union under a valid securities prospectus that has been approved by the competent supervisory authority and 
passported into the respective country. In the event of a listing on a stock exchange in a country that is not a member of 
the European Union, approval is obtained through the corresponding supervisory authority of the respective country. In 
connection w ith the acquisition of the Flow  Business, listings w ere obtained in a regulated market w ithin the meaning of 
the Prospectus Regulation for the countries of Scandinavia (Sw eden, Denmark, Finland and Norw ay) and Western Europe 
(Belgium, Netherlands, Luxembourg, France, Spain, Portugal, Sw itzerland and Italy). The Issuer still intends to obtain 
listings in unregulated stock exchange segments such as over-the-counter trading on stock exchanges in Germany. 
Follow ing the acquisition by the aforementioned counterparties (Société Générale S.A., Paris and Société Générale Option 
Europe), Société Générale, Paris, still also places offerings w ith the ultimate buyers in a second step in such a manner 
that it does not have an impact on the economic situation of the Issuer. A total of 25,768 investment products (bonds and 
certificates) w ere issued in the first half of 2020 (same period previous year: 22,742). In addition, 195,234 leveraged 
products w ere issued in 2018 (same period previous year:156,217). Thanks to the completed migration, issuance activity 
w as increased by 23.5% compared to the first half of 2019. The German market accounted for 77% and foreign markets 
accounted for 23% percent (thereof 36% France; 18% Netherlands; 16% Sw eden and 15% Sw itzerland) of the increase in 
the issuance business.  
As an independent leasing company not affiliated w ith any manufacturers, ALD LF is according to the appraisal of the 
Issuer a professional and reliable partner to car dealers. Its aspiration is to promote the independence of car dealerships 
w ith its service portfolio and to increase the profitability of car dealers. 
Together w ith cooperation partners, in particular the subsidiary Bank Deutsches Kraftfahrzeuggew erbe GmbH (hereinafter 
referred to as "BDK"), Hamburg, car dealerships and their customers are offered financing solutions and services covering 
all their automotive needs. The product range covers all financial products in the dealership: sales financing and leasing, 
purchase financing and insurance that increase the loyalty of the customers to the dealership and thus increase earning 
opportunities. As a subsidiary of ALD LF, BDK also w orks w ith several manufacturers and importers together, assuming a 
portion of the captive business up to and including the complete servicing of a manufacturer bank. 
All essential sales and processing functions are show n in connection w ith the provision of services by employees of BDK. 
Therefore, the cooperation partners and customers receive the service for all products from one source.  
SGSS is an asset management 
company as defined under sections 17 and 18 of the Investment 
Code 
(Kapitalanlagegesetzbuch, KAGB). The business model of SGSS involves the management of investment funds in 
connection w ith the so-called Master AMC Model as w ell as the insourcing of f und management from other asset 
management companies. Direct investments continue to be managed. These services are provided primarily to European 
customers.

--- Page 770 ---
Description of Societe Generale Effekten Gmbh 
 
770 
 
4. 
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE 
Due to the different business models of individual SGE Group companies, SGE Group management is carried out locally 
in the individual segments and a differentiation is made betw een the segments "Global Banking and Investor Solutions" 
(SGE’s w arrant and certificate business), "Financial Services to Corporates and Retail" (ALD LF’s lending and leasing 
business), and "Asset Management" (SGSS).  
The Issuer is a w holly ow ned subsidiary of Société Générale, Paris, a limited liability company under French law  (société 
anonyme) (hereinafter also "Société Générale") and consequently a part of the SG Group. According to its ow n appraisal, 
the SG Group, w hose parent company Société Générale is, is one of the leading financial services groups in Europe.  
The principal markets in w hich the SG Group is operating are France, other European Union countries and the United 
States.  
Service level agreements are in place betw een the Issuer and Société Générale. Within the scope of these service level 
agreements the Issuer has access to resources of Société Générale, Frankfurt am Main branch, and/or Société Générale, 
Paris.  
The Issuer is dependent on Société Générale. 
5. 
TREND INFORMATION 
Save as disclosed on pages 3 and 4 of the 2021 Universal Registration Document of Société Générale, including the 
impact that the health crisis resulting from the coronavirus (COVID-19) may have, there has been no material adverse 
change in the prospects of Societe Generale and its consolidated subsidiaries (taken as a w hole) since 31 December 
2020. 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of Societe Generale 
Effekten GmbH since 31 December 2020. 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance of the Group since 31 December 2020 to the date of 
this Base Prospectus. 
Societe Generale Effekten GmbH expects business for the rest of this business year to continue as it has done so far over 
the course of 2021. 
6. 
PROFIT FORECASTS OR ESTIMATES 
This Base Prospectus does not contain any profit forecast or estimate relating to Societe Generale Effekten GmbH. 
7. 
ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BODIES 
The managing directors of Société Générale Effekten GmbH are currently Ms. Françoise Esnouf, Frankfurt am Main, Mr. 
Helmut Höfer, Frankfurt am Main and Ms. Nurten Spitzer-Erdogan, Frankfurt am Main.  
The managing directors of Société Générale Effekten GmbH can be contacted at Société Générale, Frankfurt am Main 
branch, Neue Mainzer Straße 46-50, D-60311 Frankfurt am Main.  
The Company is represented jointly by tw o managing directors or by one managing director together w ith an authorized 
signatory. 
The articles of association do not contain any provisions on the appointment of a supervisory board. No supervisory board 
existed during the past financial year. 
Provided that the above mentioned persons perform any activities out of the range of the scope of the Issuers activities, 
these activities are not relevant for the Issuer.

--- Page 771 ---
Description of Societe Generale Effekten Gmbh 
 
771 
 
There are no potential conflicts of interest betw een the obligations of the managing directors in respect of Société Générale  
Effekten GmbH and their private interests and other obligations. 
The issuer as a capital market-oriented 
company according to Sec. 264d HGB (German Commercial 
Code 
(Handelsgesetzbuch, "HGB")) has established an audit committee according to Sec. 324 HGB. As at the date of  this Base 
Prospectus the audit committee consists of the follow ing members: 
 
Mr. Peter Boesenberg (chair)  
 
Mr. Dimitri Brunot  
 
Mr. Marco Maibaum  
 
Mr. Achim Osw ald  
 
Ms. Heike Stuebban  
 
Ms. Nurten Spitzer-Erdogan 
The Audit Committee regularly deals w ith the development of the SGE Group’s financial position, financial performance 
and cash flow s. As part of the process of preparing the consolidated financial statements, the shareholders must approve 
the consolidated financial statements. In order to fulfill these duties, the financial statement documents are made available 
to the Audit Committee. The members of the Audit Committee also receive a summary report on SGE’s issuing activities 
and its accounting once every quarter. 
8. 
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS 
Societe Generale Effekten GmbH is a w holly ow ned subsidiary of Societe Generale S.A., Paris.  
Societe Generale Effekten GmbH is not aw are of any arrangements the operation of w hich may, at a subsequent date, 
result in a change in control. 
9. 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
CONCERNING 
SOCIETE GENERALE 
EFFEKTEN GMBH’S ASSETS AND 
LIABILITIES, FINANCIAL POSITION AND PROFITS AND LOSSES 
See section "Documents Incorporated by Reference" of this Base Prospectus. 
During the period of the past five financial years, Societe Generale Effekten GmbH did not distribute any dividends. 
9.1 
Historical financial information 
The financial year of Societe Generale Effekten GmbH runs from 1 January to 31 December. 
See also section "Documents Incorporated by Reference" of this Base Prospectus. 
9.2 
Financial Statements 
Societe Generale Effekten GmbH publishes both non-audited interim financial statements and audited annual financial 
statements. Societe Generale Effekten GmbH publishes consolidated financial statements. 
9.3 
Auditing of historical financial information 
For the financial years ended on 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020, the accounts w ere audited, w ithout 
qualification, in accordance w ith IFRS.

--- Page 772 ---
Description of Societe Generale Effekten Gmbh 
 
772 
 
9.4 
Interim and other financial information 
Since the date of its last audited financial statements, Societe Generale Effekten GmbH has not published any interim or 
other financial information. 
9.5 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
There are no governmental, legal or administrative proceedings relating to claims or amounts during the period covering 
at least tw elve months prior to the date of this Base Prospectus (including any such proceedings w hich are pending or 
threatened of w hich Societe Generale Effekten GmbH is aw are) w hich may have, or have had in the recent past significant 
effects on Societe Generale Effekten GmbH’s financial position. 
9.6 
Significant change in the financial position 
There has been no significant change in the financial position of Societe Generale Effekten GmbH since 31 December 
2020. 
9.7 
Recent Events 
There has been no recent event. 
9.8 
Description of the expected financing of the Issuer’s activities 
Societe Generale Effekten GmbH finances its activities using the usual sources of funding of the Societe Generale Group. 
In particular, Societe Generale Effekten GmbH entered into a total return sw ap w ith its parent company, Societe Generale, 
to make sure that all obligations of Societe Generale Effekten GmbH under the securities are met. 
10. 
MATERIAL CONTRACTS 
There are no material contracts (other than contracts entered into in the ordinary course of Societe Generale Effekten 
GmbH’s business) w hich could result in any Group member an obligation or entitlement that is material to Societe Generale 
Effekten GmbH’s ability to meet its obligations to Warrantholders in respect of the Warrants.

--- Page 773 ---
Description of Societe Generale Indices ("SGI INDICES”) 
 
773 
 
DESCRIPTION OF SOCIETE GENERALE INDICES ("SGI INDICES”) 
SGI Index Linked Warrants are linked to the performance of an index that is composed by Societe Generale or any other 
legal entity belonging to the Societe Generale group (each, an SGI Index and collectively, the SGI Indices). 
For the purposes of the EU Benchmark Regulation, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the administrator of the SGI 
Indices, Societe Generale, is included in ESMA’s register of administrators pursuant to Articles 34 and 36 of the Benchmark 
Regulation. 
The follow ing SGI Indices may be used as underlyings: 
 
SGMDGRFE index – Global Rotation Funds EUR Index 
 
SGMDGPPB Index – SGI Global 85% Progressive Protection Bond Index 
 
IND1GMAS Index – Global Multi Asset Strategy EUR Index 
 
IND1BQSI Index – Banor Quality Equity Selection Index 
 
SGMDPP90 Index – SGI Progressive Protection 90 Index 
 
SGITEGD Index – SGI European Green Deal Index 
 
SGIXTLU Index – SGI World Travel and Leisure Index 
 
SGITGAMA Index – SGI Greener America Ahead Index 
 
ERIX Index – European Renew able Energy Total Return Index in EUR 
 
SGIXROBO Index – Rise Of The Robots Index (USD – Net Total Return) 
 
SGMDDP95 – SGI Dynamic Protection 95% Index (EUR – Total Return) 
 
SGMDPP85 – SGI ESG 85% Progressive Protection Bond Index (EUR – Total Return) 
Index Rules applicable to an SGI Index, used as underlying of an Issue of Warrants, w ill be annexed to the applicable Final 
Terms. 
It should be noted that additional SGI Indices may be used as underlyings follow ing the publication of a supplement to the 
Base Prospectus in accordance w ith the provisions of Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
The rules and the information about the performances of each SGI Index are available on the dedicated w ebsite of SGI 
(http://w ww.sgindex.com).

--- Page 774 ---
Book Clearance Systems 
 
774 
 
BOOK CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
The information set out below is subject to any change in or reinterpretation of the rules, regulations and procedures of 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Euroclear France, EUI, Euroclear Sweden, Euroclear Finland, Verdipapirsentralen ASA, SIX SIS 
Ltd, Iberclear or Monte Titoli (together, for the purposes of this section, the Clearing Systems) currently in effect. The 
information in this section concerning the Clearing Systems has been obtained from sources that the Issuers and the 
Guarantor believe to be reliable. 
Such information has been accurately reproduced, and as far as the Issuers and Guarantor are aware and are able to 
ascertain from information published by such Clearing Systems, no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
None of the Issuers, the Guarantor nor any Dealer takes any responsibility for the accuracy thereof. 
Investors wishing to use the facilities of any of the Clearing Systems are advised to confirm the continued applicability of 
the rules, regulations and procedures of the relevant Clearing System. None of the Issuers, the Guarantor nor any other 
party to the Agency Agreement will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to, or payment s 
made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in the Warrants held through the facilities of any Clearing System or 
for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
1. 
BOOK ENTRY SYSTEMS 
1.1 
Euroclear and Clearstream 
Euroclear and Clearstream each hold securities for their customers and facilitate the clearance and settlement of 
securities transactions by electronic book-entry transfer betw een their respective account holders. Euroclear and 
Clearstream provide various services including safekeeping, administration, clearance and settlement of 
internationally traded securities and securities lending and borrow ing. Euroclear and Clearstream also deal w ith 
domestic securities markets in several countries through established depositary and custodial relationships. 
Euroclear and Clearstream have established an electronic bridge betw een their tw o systems across w hich their 
respective participants may settle trades w ith each other. 
Euroclear and Clearstream customers are w orld-w ide financial institutions, including underw riters, securities 
brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies and clearing corporations. Indirect access to Euroclear and 
Clearstream is available to other institutions that clear through or maintain a custodial relationship w ith an account 
holder of either system. 
1.2 
Euroclear France 
Euroclear France is a French private limited liability company (société anonyme) w hich manages account 
operations and clearing activities for the French financial market. Euroclear France is an authorised central 
securities depositary pursuant to the General Regulations (règlement général) of the Autorité des marchés 
financiers and is acting under the supervision of the Autorité des marchés financiers. 
Euroclear France holds securities for its customers and facilitates the clearance and settlement of securities 
transactions by electronic book-entry transfer betw een its respective account holders. Euroclear France 
customers are w orldw ide financial institutions, including underw riters, securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust 
companies and clearing corporations. 
1.3 
Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited (“EUI”) 
The EUI Warrants shall be held in uncertificated form in accordance w ith the Uncertificated Securities Regulations 
2001. Title to the EUI Warrants is recorded on the relevant register of corporate securities maintained by EUI, as 
explained in paragraph 3.1 below .

--- Page 775 ---
Book Clearance Systems 
 
775 
 
The address of EUI is Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited, 33 Cannon Street, London EC4M 5SB. 
1.4 
Euroclear Sweden 
Euroclear Sw eden AB (Euroclear Sweden) is a Sw edish private limited liability company w hich manages account 
operations and clearing activities for the Sw edish financial market. Euroclear Sw eden is an authorised central 
securities depositary pursuant to the Sw edish Central Securities Depositaries and Financial Instruments Accounts 
Act (SFS 1998:1479) (Sw. lagen (1998:1479) om värdepapperscentraler och kontoföring av finansiella 
instrument) and is acting under the supervision of the Sw edish Financial Supervisory Authority (Sw. 
Finansinspektionen). Euroclear Sw eden is ow ned by Euroclear S.A. 
For each Warrant issued through Euroclear Sw eden, a so called CSD register (Sw. avstämningsregister) (a CSD 
Register) is created. The CSD Register w ill consist of a number of accounts, one for each Warrantholder in 
question. Such account is opened by the holder in person or by a nominee (Sw. förvaltare) on behalf of the 
Warrantholder. Title to a registered Warrant is transferred through registration in the system operated by Eurocle ar 
Sw eden (the VPC System). 
In conjunction w ith an issue of Warrants to be registered in the VPC System, the Issuer must engage a financial 
institution authorised by Euroclear Sw eden to operate as an issuer agent. The issuer agent is responsible for 
ensuring that the instructions received from the Issuer w ith respect to the issue are duly registered. The issuer 
agent w ill be authorised to act on behalf of the Issuer in dealings w ith Euroclear Sw eden. 
1.5 
Euroclear Finland 
Euroclear Finland Ltd. is a Finnish private limited liability company w hich manages account operations and 
clearing activities for the Finnish financial market. Euroclear Finland is an authorised central securities depositary 
pursuant to the Finnish Act on the Book-Entry System and Clearing Operations (Fi. Laki arvo-osuusjärjestelmästä 
ja selvitystoiminnasta 348/2017), as amended and/or re-enacted from time to time, and is acting under the 
supervision of the Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority (Fi. Finanssivalvonta). Euroclear Finland is ow ned by 
Euroclear S.A./N.V. 
In order to effect entries in the Finnish book-entry securities system, a Warrantholder or such Warrantholder's 
nominee must establish a book-entry account w ith a licensed account operator or register its securities through 
nominee registration. Each book-entry account must give the particulars of the account holder and other holders 
of rights to the book-entries in the account or of the manager of a nominee registration w ho manages the assets 
in the nominee-registered account, as w ell as information on the account operator for the account. The required 
information includes the type and number of the book-entry securities registered in the account as w ell as the 
rights and restrictions pertaining to the account and the book-entries. Any nominee-registered account must be 
identified w hen making entries in the account. 
In conjunction w ith an issue of Warrants to be registered in the Euroclear Finland System (subject to certain 
exemptions), the Issuer must engage a financial institution authorised by Euroclear Finland to operate as an issuer 
agent. The issuer agent is responsible for ensuring that the instructions received from the Issuer w ith respect to 
the issue are duly registered. The issuer agent w ill be authorised to act on behalf of the Issuer in dealing w ith 
Euroclear Finland. 
1.6 
Verdipapirsentralen ASA 
Verdipapirsentralen ASA (the VPS) is a Norw egian public limited liability company w hich manages account 
operations and clearing activities for the Norw egian financial market. VPS is an authorised securities register 
pursuant to the 
Norw egian Central 
Securities 
Depositories 
Act no. 
6 of 15 March 
2019 (No. 
Verdipapirsentralloven) under the supervision of the Norw egian Financial 
Supervisory Authority (No. 
Finanstilsynet). VPS is ow ned by Euronext Nordics Holding AS. 
For each Warrant issued through VPS, a so called security register is created. The security register w ill consist 
of a number of accounts, one for each Warrantholder in question. Such account is opened by the holder in person

--- Page 776 ---
Book Clearance Systems 
 
776 
 
or by a nominee (No. forvalter) on behalf of the Warrantholder. Title to a registered Warrant is transferred through 
registration in the system operated by VPS (the VPS System). 
In conjunction w ith an issue of Warrants to be registered in the VPS System, the Issuer must engage a financial 
institution authorised by VPS to operate as an issuer agent. The issuer agent is responsible for ensuring that the 
instructions received from the Issuer w ith respect to the issue are duly registered. The issuer agent w ill be 
authorised to act on behalf of the Issuer in dealings w ith VPS. 
1.7 
SIX SIS Ltd 
SIX SIS Ltd has been part of SIX Group since January 2008. SIX Group w as formed at the beginning of 2008 
through the merger of SWX Group, SIS Group and Telekurs Group. 
As both a central securities depository and an international central securities depository SIX SIS Ltd offers banks 
and other financial market participants the safe custody of securities, a full range of custody services and the 
settlement of securities transactions. SIX SIS Ltd settles securities transactions w orldw ide, including transactions 
in uncertificated securities. 
In the Sw iss market, SIX SIS Ltd is part of the so-called Sw iss value chain. The links to SIX Sw iss Exchange and 
the payment systems SIC/euroSIC ensure fully automated settlement in central bank money. 
1.8 
Iberclear 
“Sociedad de Gestión de los Sistemas de Registro, Compensación y Liquidación de Valores, S.A. Unipersonal" 
– w hose commercial name is Iberclear – is a central securities depository governed by the provisions of the 
Spanish Restated Securities Market Act approved by the Royal Decree Law  4/2015, of 23 October and by the EU 
Regulation 909/2014, of 23 July 2014, on improving securities settlement in the European Union and on central 
securities depositories. 
In accordance w ith these rules, Iberclear carries out tw o essential functions to ensure the proper functioning of 
the securities markets: 
 
the central deposit or registry function: it is the entity responsible for keeping the register of transferable 
securities represented by book entries; 
 
settlement management: it processes the transfer of securities and cash through the execution of 
securities transfers and dispatch to the agent of cash settlement of payment orders resulting from trades 
carried out on such securities. 
1.9 
Monte Titoli 
Monte Titoli S.p.A. (Monte Titoli), an Italian limited liability company, is a central securities depository authorised 
pursuant to Regulation (EU) 909/2014. 
The securities registered in the electronic book-entry system managed by Monte Titoli are regulated under the 
Italian Financial Act, any implementing regulation and any operating procedures applicable to and/or issued by 
Monte Titoli from time to time. 
Transfer and exchange of the ow nership and any other right relating to these securities must only take place 
through authorized intermediaries w hich are direct or indirect participants to Monte Titoli; accordingly, a 
Warrantholder (or such Warrantholder's nominee) must establish a book-entry account w ith any such 
intermediaries. The holder of a security w ill be the person being show n in the records of the relevant intermediary 
as holder of the securities.

--- Page 777 ---
Book Clearance Systems 
 
777 
 
2. 
TRANSFERS OF WARRANTS REPRESENTED BY REGISTERED GLOBAL WARRANTS 
Transfers of any interests in Warrants represented by a Registered Global Warrant w ill be effected in accordance 
w ith the customary rules and operating procedures of the relevant Clearing System. 
3. 
CREST AND CREST DEPOSITORY INTERESTS 
3.1 
EUI or CREST 
EUI Warrants w ill be held in registered uncertificated form in accordance w ith the Uncertificated Securities 
Regulations 2001, including any modification or re-enactment thereof for the time being in force (the Regulations) 
and as such are dematerialised and not constituted by any physical document of title. The EUI Warrants are 
participating securities for the purposes of the Regulations. Title to the EUI Warrants is recorded on the relevant 
Operator register of corporate securities. The EUI Agent on behalf of the Issuer shall, in relation to the EUI 
Warrants, maintain a record of uncertificated corporate securities in accordance w ith the records of Euroclear UK 
& Ireland Limited (EUI or CREST) (formerly know n as CRESTCo Limited) (the Record) and shall procure that the 
Record is regularly updated to reflect the Operator register of corporate securities in accordance w ith the rules 
and practices from time to time of the Operator. Subject to this requirement, (i) each person w ho is for the time 
being show n in the Record as the holder of a particular number of EUI Warrants shall be treated by the Issuer 
and the EUI Agent as the holder of such number of EUI Warrants for all purposes (and the expression EUI 
Warrantholder and related expressions shall be construed accordingly), and (ii) neither the Issuer, the Guarantor 
nor the EUI Agent shall be liable in respect of any act or thing done or omitted to be done by it or on its behalf in 
reliance upon the assumption that the particulars entered in the Record w hich the EUI Agent maintains are in 
accordance w ith particulars entered in the Operator register of corporate securities relating to the EUI Warrants. 
3.2 
CREST Depository Interests 
Follow ing their delivery into Euroclear and Clearstream, interests in Warrants may be delivered, held and settled 
in CREST by means of the creation of dematerialised depositary interests representing the interests in the relevant 
Warrants. 
Pursuant to the CREST Reference Manual Securities held in global form by the Common Depositary may be 
settled through the CREST system, and the CREST Depository w ill issue CREST Depository Interests (CDIs). 
The CDIs w ill be independent securities, constituted under English law  w hich may be held and transferred through 
the CREST system. 
The CDIs w ill be created pursuant to and issued on the terms of a deed poll executed by the CREST Depository 
in favour of the holders of the CDIs from time to time (the CREST Deed Poll). Prospective holders of CDIs should 
note that they w ill have no rights against CRESTCo or its subsidiaries in respect of the underlying Warrants, 
interests therein, or the CDIs representing them. 
Interests in the underlying Warrants w ill be credited to the CREST nominee's account w ith Euroclear and the 
CREST nominee w ill hold such interests as nominee for the CREST Depository w hich w ill issue CDIs to the  
relevant CREST participants. 
Each CDI w ill be treated as one underlying Note, for the purposes of determining all rights and obligations and all 
amounts payable in respect thereof. The CREST Depository w ill pass on to holders of CDIs any interest or other  
amounts received by it as holder of the underlying Warrants on trust for such CDI holder. CDI holders w ill also be 
able to receive from the CREST Depository notices of meetings of holders of underlying Warrants and other 
relevant notices issued by the Issuer. 
Transfers of interests in underlying Warrants by a CREST participant to a participant of Euroclear or Clearstream 
w ill be effected by cancellation of the CDIs and transfer of an interest in such underlying Warrants to the account 
of the relevant participant w ith Euroclear or Clearstream.

--- Page 778 ---
Book Clearance Systems 
 
778 
 
The CDIs w ill have the same international security identification number (ISIN) as the underlying Warrants and 
w ill not require a separate listing on the Official List. 
Prospective subscribers for Warrants represented by CDIs are referred to Chapter 3 of the CREST Reference 
Manual w hich contains the form of the CREST Deed Poll to be entered into by the CREST Depository. 
The rights of the holders of CDIs w ill be governed by the arrangements betw een CREST, Euroclear, Clearstream 
and the Issuer including the CREST Deed Poll (in the form contained in Chapter 3 of the CREST International 
Reference Manual (w hich forms part of the CREST Reference Manual)) executed by the CREST Depository. 
These rights may be different from those of holders of Warrants w hich are not represented by CDIs.

--- Page 779 ---
Subscription, Sale and Transfer Restrictions 
 
779 
 
SUBSCRIPTION, SALE AND TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS 
The Dealers have in a programme agreement dated on or about 29 July 2016 (the Programme Agreement which expression includes 
the same as it may be updated or supplemented from time to time), agreed w ith the Issuers and the Guarantor a basis upon w hich 
they (or any one of them) may from time to time agree to purchase Warrants. Any such agreement w ill extend to those matters and 
in the relevant Terms and Conditions of the Warrants above. In the Programme Agreement, the Issuers have jointly and severally 
agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection w ith the establishment and any future update of the 
Programme and the issue of Warrants under the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by them 
in connection therew ith. 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme and each other purchaser w ill be required to agree, 
that it w ill (to the best of its know ledge and belief) comply w ith all applicable securities law s and regulations in force in any jurisdiction 
in w hich it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Warrants or possesses or distributes the Base Prospectus or any offering material, and 
w ill obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Warrants under the laws 
and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to w hich it is subject or in w hich it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries, and 
none of the Issuers, the Guarantor or any other Dealer shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuers, the Guarantor or any of the Dealers represents that Warrants may at any time law fully be sold in compliance 
w ith any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available thereunder , or 
assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
The following selling restrictions may be modified by the relevant Issuer and the relevant purchaser(s) following a change in the 
relevant law, regulation or directive and in certain other circumstances as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant 
purchaser(s). Any such modification will be set out in the syndication agreement (if applicable) in respect of the relevant Warrants to 
which it is related or in a Supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
1. 
UNITED STATES TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS 
As a result of the following restrictions, purchasers of Warrants are advised to consult legal counsel prior to making any 
purchase, offer, sale, resale or other transfer of such Warrants. Warrants previously issued by the relevant Issuer may be 
subject to different selling and transfer restrictions. 
Each purchaser of Warrants, or person w ishing to transfer an interest in Warrants w ill be deemed or required, as the case 
may be, to acknow ledge, represent and agree as follow s: 
(a) 
that it is a Permitted Transferee located outside the United States at the time the buy order for the Warrants was 
originated and continues to be a Permitted Transferee located outside the United States and has not purchased 
the Warrants for the benefit of any person in the United States or any person that is not a Permitted Transferee or 
entered into any arrangement for the transfer of the Warrants to any person in the United States or to any person 
that is not a Permitted Transferee; 
(b) 
that the Warrants and any Guarantee have not been and w ill not be registered under the Securities Act or the 
securities law s of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not, at any time, be held by, or on 
behalf of, persons other than Permitted Transferees; 
(c) 
that, if in the future it decides to resell, pledge or otherw ise transfer the Warrants or any benef icial interest in the 
Warrants, it w ill do so only outside the United States in an offshore transaction in compliance w ith Rule 903 or Rule 
904 under the Securities Act to a Permitted Transferee; 
(d) 
that Warrants w ill bear a legend to the follow ing effect unless agreed to by the Issuer: 
(i) 
if the applicable definition of U.S. Person is Regulation S U.S. Person: 
“THIS SECURITY 
AND ANY GUARANTEE 
THEREOF 
HAVE NOT BEEN 
AND WILL NOT BE 
REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT),

--- Page 780 ---
Subscription, Sale and Transfer Restrictions 
 
780 
 
OR ANY OTHER APPLICABLE U.S. STATE SECURITIES LAWS. ACCORDINGLY, THIS SECURITY  
AND ANY INTEREST THEREIN MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT AS SET OUT BELOW. 
THIS SECURITY IS BEING OFFERED AND SOLD IN RELIANCE ON REGULATION S UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT. THIS SECURITY, OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN, MAY ONLY BE OFFERED, SOLD, 
RESOLD, TRADED, PLEDGED, REDEEMED, TRANSFERRED OR DELIVERED IN AN "OFFSHORE 
TRANSACTION" AS DEFINED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (REGULATION S)) TO, OR FOR THE 
ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, A PERSON WHO IS NOT (A) A “U.S. PERSON” MEANING A U.S. 
PERSON AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S (REGULATION S U.S. PERSON) OR AS DEFINED IN 
PARAGRAPH 7701(a)(30) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986 (IFRS U.S. PERSON), (B) A 
PERSON WHO COMES WITHIN ANY DEFINITION OF U.S. PERSON FOR THE PURPOSES OF THE 
U.S. COMMODITY EXCHANGE ACT OF 1936, AS AMENDED OR THE RULES THEREUNDER (CFTC 
RULES) OF THE COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION. (FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF 
DOUBT, ANY PERSON WHO IS NOT A “NON-UNITED STATES PERSON” DEFINED UNDER CFTC 
RULE 4.7(a)(1)(iv), BUT EXCLUDING, 
FOR PURPOSES 
OF SUBSECTION 
(D) THEREOF, 
THE 
EXCEPTION 
FOR 
QUALIFIED 
ELIGIBLE 
PERSONS 
WHO ARE NOT “NON-UNITED 
STA TES 
PERSONS,” SHALL BE CONSIDERED A U.S. PERSON) AND (C) A "U.S. PERSON" FOR PURPOS ES 
OF THE FINAL RULES IMPLEMENTING THE CREDIT 
RISK RETENTION 
REQUIREMENTS 
OF 
SECTION 
15G OF THE U.S. SECURITIES 
EXCHANGE 
ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 
(RISK 
RETENTION U.S. PERSON) (SUCH A PERSON OR ACCOUNT AS DESCRIBED HEREIN, PERMITTED 
TRANSFEREES) AND ANY OFFER, SALE, RESALE, TRADE, PLEDGE, REDEMPTION, TRANSFER 
OR DELIVERY MADE, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR 
THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, A PERSON THAT IS NOT A PERMITTED TRANSFEREE WILL NOT 
BE RECOGNISED. THIS SECURITY OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN, MAY NOT BE LEGALLY OR 
BENEFICIALLY OWNED AT ANY TIME BY ANY PERSON THAT IS NOT A PERMITTED TRANSFER EE 
AND ACCORDINGLY IS BEING OFFERED AND SOLD OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES IN OFFSHORE 
TRANSACTIONS 
TO PERSONS 
THAT ARE PERMITTED 
TRANSFEREES 
IN RELIANCE 
ON 
REGULATION S. 
BY ITS PURCHASE OF THIS SECURITY OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN, EACH PURCHASER WILL BE 
DEEMED OR REQUIRED, AS THE CASE MAY BE, TO HAVE AGREED THAT IT MAY NOT RESEL L 
OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER THIS SECURITY OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN HELD BY IT EXCEPT 
OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION TO A PERMITTED TRANSFERE E. 
EACH HOLDER OF AN INTEREST IN THE WARRANTS AGREES THAT IT WILL DELIVER TO EA CH 
PERSON TO WHOM THIS SECURITY IS TRANSFERRED A NOTICE SUBSTANTIALLY TO THE 
EFFECT OF THIS LEGEND. TRANSFERS IN VIOLATION OF THE FOREGOING WILL BE OF NO 
FORCE OR EFFECT, WILL BE VOID AB INITIO, AND WILL NOT OPERATE TO TRANSFER ANY  
RIGHTS TO THE TRANSFEREE. 
THE ISSUER HAS THE RIGHT TO REFUSE TO HONOUR A TRANSFER OF ANY INTEREST IN THIS 
WARRANT TO A PERSON THAT IS NOT A PERMITTED TRANSFEREE. THE ISSUER RESERV ES 
THE RIGHT TO REDEEM OR TRANSFER ON BEHALF OF THE HOLDER ANY WARRANT THAT IS 
HELD BY A PERSON THAT IS NOT A PERMITTED TRANSFEREE OR OTHERWISE SOLD OR 
TRANSFERRED IN VIOLATION OF THE RESTRICTIONS SET OUT HEREIN. NO PAYMENTS WILL B E 
MADE ON THE AFFECTED WARRANTS FROM THE DATE NOTICE OF THE SALE REQUIREMENT IS 
SENT TO THE DATE ON WHICH THE AFFECTED WARRANTS ARE SOLD. THERE CAN BE NO 
ASSURANCE THAT A HOLDER OF WARRANTS, OR AN INTEREST THEREIN, WHO IS REQUIRE D 
TO SELL WARRANTS, OR WHOSE WARRANTS ARE SOLD ON ITS BEHALF (IN THIS WAY) WILL 
NOT INCUR A SIGNIFICA NT LOSS AS A RESULT OF THE NEED FOR THE ISSUER, OR FOR THE 
TRANSFEROR, TO FIND A PERMITTED TRANSFEREE WILLING TO PURCHASE THE WARRA NTS. 
NEITHER THE ISSUER NOR ANY OTHER PERSON SHALL BE LIABLE TO A HOLDER FOR ANY SUCH 
LOSS.

--- Page 781 ---
Subscription, Sale and Transfer Restrictions 
 
781 
 
EACH PURCHASER OF THIS WARRANT OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN UNDERSTA NDS THAT THE 
ISSUER MAY RECEIV E A LIST OF PARTICIPA NTS HOLDING POSITIONS IN THE WARRANTS FROM 
ONE OR MORE BOOK-ENTRY DEPOSITORIES. 
THIS SECURITY AND RELATED 
DOCUMENTA TION (INCLUDING, 
WITHOUT 
LIMITATION, 
THE 
AGENCY AGREEMENT REFERRED TO HEREIN) MAY BE AMENDED OR SUPPLEMENTED FROM 
TIME TO TIME, WITHOUT THE CONSENT OF, BUT UPON NOTICE TO, THE HOLDERS OF SUCH 
SECURITIES SENT TO THEIR REGISTERED ADDRESSES, TO MODIFY THE RESTRICTIONS ON 
AND PROCEDURES FOR RESALES AND OTHER TRANSFERS OF THIS SECURITY TO REFL ECT 
ANY CHANGE IN APPLICABLE LAW OR REGULATION (OR THE INTERPRETATION THEREOF) OR 
IN PRACTICES RELATING TO RESALES OR OTHER TRANSFERS OF RESTRICTED SECURITI ES 
GENERALLY. THE HOLDER OF THIS SECURITY SHALL BE DEEMED, BY ITS ACCEPTA NCE OR 
PURCHASE HEREOF, TO HAVE AGREED TO ANY SUCH AMENDMENT OR SUPPLEMENT (EA CH 
OF WHICH SHALL BE CONCLUSIV E AND BINDING ON THE HOLDER HEREOF AND ALL FUTURE 
HOLDERS OF THIS SECURITY AND ANY INTEREST THEREIN AND ANY SECURITIES ISSUED IN 
EXCHANGE OR SUBSTITUTION THEREFOR, WHETHER OR NOT ANY NOTATION THEREOF IS 
MADE HEREON)."; 
(ii) 
if the applicable definition of U.S. Person is either Regulation S U.S. Person or IRS U.S. Person: 
"THIS SECURITY 
AND ANY GUARANTEE 
THEREOF 
HAVE NOT BEEN 
AND WILL NOT BE 
REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), 
OR ANY OTHER APPLICABLE U.S. STATE SECURITIES LAWS. ACCORDINGLY, THIS SECURITY  
AND ANY INTEREST THEREIN MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT AS SET OUT BELOW. 
THIS SECURITY IS BEING OFFERED AND SOLD IN RELIANCE ON REGULATION S UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT. THIS SECURITY, OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN, MAY ONLY BE OFFERED, SOLD, 
RESOLD, TRADED, PLEDGED, REDEEMED, TRANSFERRED OR DELIVERED IN AN "OFFSHORE 
TRANSACTION" (AS DEFINED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (REGULATION S)) TO, OR FOR THE 
ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, A PERSON WHO IS NOT (A) A “U.S. PERSON” MEANING A U.S. 
PERSON AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S (REGULATION S U.S. PERSON) OR AS DEFINED IN 
PARAGRAPH 7701(a)(30) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986 (IRS U.S. PERSON), (B) A 
PERSON WHO COMES WITHIN ANY DEFINITION OF U.S. PERSON FOR THE PURPOSES OF THE 
U.S. COMMODITY EXCHANGE ACT OF 1936, AS AMENDED OR THE RULES THEREUNDER (CFTC 
RULES) OF THE COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION (CFTC). (FOR THE AVOIDA NCE 
OF DOUBT, ANY PERSON WHO IS NOT A “NON-UNITED STATES PERSON” DEFINED UNDER CFTC 
RULE 4.7(a)(1)(iv), BUT EXCLUDING, 
FOR PURPOSES 
OF SUBSECTION 
(D) THEREOF, 
THE 
EXCEPTION 
FOR 
QUALIFIED 
ELIGIBLE 
PERSONS 
WHO ARE NOT “NON-UNITED 
STA TES 
PERSONS,” SHALL BE CONSIDERED A U.S. PERSON) AND (C) A "U.S. PERSON" FOR PURPOS ES 
OF THE FINAL RULES IMPLEMENTING THE CREDIT 
RISK RETENTION 
REQUIREMENTS 
OF 
SECTION 
15G OF THE U.S. SECURITIES 
EXCHANGE 
ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 
(RISK 
RETENTION U.S. PERSON) (SUCH A PERSON OR ACCOUNT AS DESCRIBED HEREIN, PERMITTED 
TRANSFEREES) AND ANY OFFER, SALE, RESALE, TRADE, PLEDGE, REDEMPTION, TRANSFER 
OR DELIVERY MADE, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR 
THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, A PERSON THAT IS NOT A PERMITTED TRANSFEREE WILL NOT 
BE RECOGNISED. THIS SECURITY OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN, MAY NOT BE LEGALLY OR 
BENEFICIALLY OWNED AT ANY TIME BY ANY PERSON THAT IS NOT A PERMITTED TRANSFER EE 
AND ACCORDINGLY IS BEING OFFERED AND SOLD OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES IN OFFSHORE 
TRANSACTIONS 
TO PERSONS 
THAT ARE PERMITTED 
TRANSFEREES 
IN RELIANCE 
ON 
REGULATION S. 
BY ITS PURCHASE OF THIS SECURITY OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN, EACH PURCHASER WILL BE 
DEEMED OR REQUIRED, AS THE CASE MAY BE, TO HAVE AGREED THAT IT MAY NOT RESEL L 
OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER THIS SECURITY OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN HELD BY IT EXCEPT 
OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION TO A PERMITTED TRANSFERE E.

--- Page 782 ---
Subscription, Sale and Transfer Restrictions 
 
782 
 
EACH HOLDER OF AN INTEREST IN THE WARRANTS AGREES THAT IT WILL DELIVER TO EA CH 
PERSON TO WHOM THIS SECURITY IS TRANSFERRED A NOTICE SUBSTANTIALLY TO THE 
EFFECT OF THIS LEGEND. TRANSFERS IN VIOLATION OF THE FOREGOING WILL BE OF NO 
FORCE OR EFFECT, WILL BE VOID AB INITIO, AND WILL NOT OPERATE TO TRANSFER ANY  
RIGHTS TO THE TRANSFEREE. 
THE ISSUER HAS THE RIGHT TO REFUSE TO HONOUR A TRANSFER OF ANY INTEREST IN THIS 
WARRANT TO A PERSON THAT IS NOT A PERMITTED TRANSFEREE. THE ISSUER RESERV ES 
THE RIGHT TO REDEEM OR TRANSFER ON BEHALF OF THE HOLDER ANY WARRANT THAT IS 
HELD BY A PERSON THAT IS NOT A PERMITTED TRANSFEREE OR OTHERWISE SOLD OR 
TRANSFERRED IN VIOLATION OF THE RESTRICTIONS SET OUT HEREIN. NO PAYMENTS WILL BE 
MADE ON THE AFFECTED WARRANTS FROM THE DATE NOTICE OF THE SALE REQUIREMENT IS 
SENT TO THE DATE ON WHICH THE AFFECTED WARRANTS ARE SOLD. THERE CAN BE NO 
ASSURANCE THAT A HOLDER OF WARRANTS, OR AN INTEREST THEREIN, WHO IS REQUIRE D 
TO SELL WARRANTS, OR WHOSE WARRANTS ARE SOLD ON ITS BEHALF (IN THIS WAY) WILL 
NOT INCUR A SIGNIFICA NT LOSS AS A RESULT OF THE NEED FOR THE ISSUER, OR FOR THE 
TRANSFEROR, TO FIND A PERMITTED TRANSFEREE WILLING TO PURCHASE THE WARRA NTS. 
NEITHER THE ISSUER NOR ANY OTHER PERSON SHALL BE LIABLE TO A HOLDER FOR ANY SUCH 
LOSS. 
EACH PURCHASER OF THIS WARRANT OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN UNDERSTA NDS THAT THE 
ISSUER MAY RECEIV E A LIST OF PARTICIPA NTS HOLDING POSITIONS IN THE WARRANTS FROM 
ONE OR MORE BOOK-ENTRY DEPOSITORIES. 
THIS SECURITY AND RELATED 
DOCUMENTA TION (INCLUDING, 
WITHOUT 
LIMITATION, 
THE 
AGENCY AGREEMENT REFERRED TO HEREIN) MAY BE AMENDED OR SUPPLEMENTED FROM 
TIME TO TIME, WITHOUT THE CONSENT OF, BUT UPON NOTICE TO, THE HOLDERS OF SUCH 
SECURITIES SENT TO THEIR REGISTERED ADDRESSES, TO MODIFY THE RESTRICTIONS ON 
AND PROCEDURES FOR RESALES AND OTHER TRANSFERS OF THIS SECURITY TO REFL ECT 
ANY CHANGE IN APPLICABLE LAW OR REGULATION (OR THE INTERPRETATION THEREOF) OR 
IN PRACTICES RELATING TO RESALES OR OTHER TRANSFERS OF RESTRICTED SECURITI ES 
GENERALLY. THE HOLDER OF THIS SECURITY SHALL BE DEEMED, BY ITS ACCEPTA NCE OR 
PURCHASE HEREOF, TO HAVE AGREED TO ANY SUCH AMENDMENT OR SUPPLEMENT (EA CH 
OF WHICH SHALL BE CONCLUSIV E AND BINDING ON THE HOLDER HEREOF AND ALL FUTURE 
HOLDERS OF THIS SECURITY AND ANY INTEREST THEREIN AND ANY SECURITIES ISSUED IN 
EXCHANGE OR SUBSTITUTION THEREFOR, WHETHER OR NOT ANY NOTATION THEREOF IS 
MADE HEREON)."; 
(e) 
that the Issuer and others w ill rely upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing acknow ledgements, representations 
and agreements and agrees that if any of such acknow ledgements, representations or agreements made by it are 
no longer accurate, it shall promptly notify the Issuer; and if it is acquiring any Warrants as a fiduciary or agent for 
one or more accounts it represents that it has sole investment discretion w ith respect to each such account and 
that it has full pow er to make the foregoing acknow ledgements, representations and agreements on behalf of each 
such account; 
(f) 
that the Issuer has the right to refuse to honour the transfer of any interest in the Warrants to a person that is not a 
Permitted Transferee and the Issuer reserves the right to redeem, or transfer on behalf of the holder any Warrant 
that is held by, or for the account or benefit of, any person that is not a Permitted Transferee. No payments w ill be 
made on the affected Warrants from the date notice of the sale requirement is sent to the date on w hich the affected 
Warrants are sold. There can be no assurance that a holder of Warrants, or an interest therein, w ho is required to 
sell Warrants, or w hose Warrants are sold on its behalf (in this w ay) w ill not incur a significant loss as a result of 
the need for the Issuer, or for the transferor, to find a Permitted Transferee w illing to purchase the Warrants. Neither 
the Issuer nor any other party shall be liable to a holder for any such loss;

--- Page 783 ---
Subscription, Sale and Transfer Restrictions 
 
783 
 
(g) 
that the Issuer may receive a list of participants holding positions in the Warrants from one or more book-entry 
depositories; and 
that it w ill, and w ill require each subsequent holder to, notify any purchaser of the Warrants from it of the representations  
and resale restrictions referred to in the foregoing paragraphs, and include as part of such transaction any legends or other 
disclosure required by such restrictions. 
2. 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS: JURISDICTIONS OUTSIDE THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA (EEA) 
2.1 
Australia 
No prospectus or other disclosure document (as defined in the Corporations Act 2001 of Australia (the Corporations Act)) in 
relation to the Programme or any Warrants has been or w ill be lodged w ith the Australian Securities and Investments 
Commission (ASIC). 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme and each other 
Purchaser w ill be required to represent and agree that unless the relevant Final Terms otherw ise provides, it: 
(a) 
has not (directly or indirectly) offered, and w ill not offer for issue or sale and has not invited and w ill not invite 
applications for the issue, sale or offers to purchase the Warrants in, to or from Australia (including an offer or 
invitation w hich is received by a person in Australia); and 
(b) 
has not distributed or published, and w ill not distribute or publish, any prospectus, advertisement or any other 
offering material relating to any Warrants in Australia, 
unless: 
(a) 
the aggregate consideration payable by each offeree or invitee is at least A$500,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies, disregarding moneys lent by the offeror or its associates) or the offer or invitation otherw ise does not 
require disclosure to investors in accordance w ith Part 6D.2 or Part 7.9 of the Corporations Act; 
(b) 
such action complies w ith all applicable law s, regulations and directives and does not require any document to be 
lodged w ith ASIC. 
2.2 
Hong Kong 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme and each other 
purchaser w ill be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and w ill not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any Warrants (except 
for Warrants w hich are a "structured product" as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of 
Hong Kong (SFO)) other than (i) to "professional investors" as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the 
SFO; or (ii) in other circumstances w hich do not result in the document being a "prospectus" as defined in the 
Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (CWUMPO) or w hich 
do not constitute an offer to the public w ithin the meaning of the CWUMPO; and 
(b) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and w ill not issue or have in its possession for 
the purposes of issue, w hether in Hong Kong or elsew here, any advertisement, invitation or document relating to 
the Warrants, w hich is directed at, or the contents of w hich are likely to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong 
Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities law s of Hong Kong) other than w ith respect to Warrants 
w hich are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to "professional investors" 
as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO.

--- Page 784 ---
Subscription, Sale and Transfer Restrictions 
 
784 
 
2.3 
The People’s Republic of China (excluding Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan) 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme w ill be required to 
represent and agree, that neither it nor any of its affiliates has offered or sold or w ill offer or sell directly or indirectly any of 
the Warrants in the People's Republic of China (for the purposes of this document, excluding Hong Kong, Macau and Taiw an, 
the PRC) as part of the initial distribution of the Warrants, except as permitted by the applicable PRC law s and regulations. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities in the PRC to any 
person to w hom it is unlaw ful to make the offer or solicitation in the PRC. 
The Issuer does not represent that this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms may be law fully distributed, or that any Warrants 
may be law fully offered, in compliance w ith any applicable registration or other requirements in the PRC, or pursuant to an 
exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, 
no action has been taken by the Issuer w hich w ould permit a public offering of any Warrants or distribution of this doc ument 
in the PRC. Accordingly, the Warrants are not being offered or sold w ithin the PRC by means of this Base Prospectus or any 
Final Terms or any other document. Neither this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms nor any advertisement or other offering 
material may be distributed or published in the PRC, except under circumstances that w ill result in compliance w ith all 
applicable law s and regulations in the PRC. 
2.4 
Japan 
The Warrants have not been and w ill not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan (Act No. 
25 of 1948, as amended, the FIEA) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme and each other purchaser w ill be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold, directly or 
indirectly, and w ill not offer or sell any Warrants, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of 
Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, 
as amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of 
Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherw ise in compliance w ith, the FIEA  
and any other applicable law s, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
2.5 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknow ledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme w ill be required to acknow ledge 
that this Base Prospectus has not been and w ill not be registered as a prospectus w ith the Monetary Authority of Singapore. 
Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, w arranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
w ill be required to represent, w arrant and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Warrants or caused any Warrants to be 
made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and w ill not offer or sell any Warrants or cause any Warrants 
to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor w ill it circulate 
or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection w ith the offer or sale, or invitation for  
subscription or purchase, of any Warrants, w hether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an 
institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore, as modified or  
amended from time to time (the SFA)) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 
275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA or to any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the Securities and 
Futures Act, and in accordance w ith the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA; or (iii) otherw ise pursuant to, and in 
accordance w ith the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Warrants are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person w hich is: 
(a) 
a corporation (w hich is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business of w hich 
is to hold investments and the entire share capital of w hich is ow ned by one or more individuals, each of w hom is 
an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (w here the trustee is not an accredited investor) the sole purpose of w hich is to hold investments and each 
beneficiary of w hich is an individual w ho is an accredited investor,

--- Page 785 ---
Subscription, Sale and Transfer Restrictions 
 
785 
 
securities or securities-based derivatives contract (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that corporation or 
the beneficiaries' rights and interest (how soever described) in that trust shall not be transferred w ithin six months after that 
corporation or that trust has acquired the Warrants pursuant to an offer under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(1) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred to in Section 
275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
(2) 
w here no consideration is or w ill be given for the transfer; 
(3) 
w here the transfer is by operation of law ; 
(4) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(5) 
as specified in Regulation 
37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivative Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA – Unless otherw ise stated in the Final Terms in respect of any Warrants, 
in connection w ith Section 309B of the SFA and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products Regulations 2018 of 
Singapore (the CMP Regulations 2018), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in 
Section 309(A)(1) of the SFA), that the Warrants are capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products 
(as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Specified Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice 
on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
2.6 
Korea 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme and each other 
purchaser w ill be required or deemed to agree, that the Warrants have not been and w ill not be offered, delivered or sold 
directly or indirectly in Korea or to any resident of Korea or to others for re-offering or resale directly or indirectly in Korea or 
to any resident of Korea except as otherw ise permitted under applicable Korean law s and regulations. 
Each Dealer has undertaken and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme w ill be required to undertake to ensure 
that any securities dealer to w hich it sells the Warrants confirms that it is purchasing such Warrants as principal and agrees 
w ith such Dealer that it w ill comply w ith the restrictions described above. 
2.7 
Switzerland 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme and each other 
purchaser w ill be required or deemed to agree, that it w ill comply w ith (i) any law s, regulations or guidelines applicable in  
Sw itzerland (as amended from time to time) in relation to the marketing, offer, sale, delivery or transfer of the Warrants, or 
the distribution of any marketing or offering material in respect of the Warrants, in Sw itzerland and (ii) the requirements in 
respect of the distribution of Uncertificated SIS Warrants set out in Conditions 1.1.3.3 and 1.2.4.3 of the General Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law  Warrants. 
If pursuant to the applicable Final Terms a public offering of the Warrants in Sw itzerland is not permissible, each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme and each other purchaser w ill be required 
to represent and agree, that it has not made and w ill not make an offer of Warrants w hich are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in 
Sw itzerland, except that it may make an offer of such Warrants to the public in Sw itzerland: 
(a) 
if the final terms in relation to the Warrants specify that an offer of those Warrants may be made other than pursuant 
to article 36(1) or article 37 of the Sw iss Federal Act on Financial Services (FinSA) (a Non-exempt Offer), follow ing 
the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Warrants w hich has been approved by a competent review  
body under the FinSA or, w here appropriate, approved by a recognized foreign authority and filed w ith a competent 
review  body under the FinSA for automatic acceptance in accordance w ith article 54(2) of the FinSA, provided that 
(i) the Issuer has consented in w riting to its use for the purpose of that Non-exempt Offer and (ii) any such 
prospectus has subsequently been completed by the final terms contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in

--- Page 786 ---
Subscription, Sale and Transfer Restrictions 
 
786 
 
accordance w ith the FinSA, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or final 
terms, as applicable and the Issuer has consented in w riting to its use for the purpose of that Non-exempt Offer; 
(b) 
at any time to any investor w hich is a professional client as defined in the FinSA; 
(c) 
at any time to few er than 500 investors, subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; 
(d) 
w here the Warrants being offered have a minimum denomination of CHF 100,000 (or its equivalent in another 
currency); or 
(e) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling w ithin the scope of article 36(1) or article 37 of the FinSA, 
provided that no such offer of Warrants referred to in (a) to (e) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a 
prospectus pursuant to article 35 of the FinSA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to article 56 of the FinSA. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression offer of Warrants to the public in relation to any Warrants means any 
promotion and invitation to the public (i.e. to an unlimited number of persons) to acquire Warrants that contains sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the financial instrument itself. 
2.8 
United States 
The Warrants and any guarantee thereof have not been and w ill not be registered under the Securities Act or under the 
securities law  of any state or political sub-division of the United States, and trading in the Warrants has not been approved 
by the CFTC under the CEA. No person has registered and no person w ill register as a "commodity pool operator" of any 
Issuer under the CEA and CFTC Rules, and no Issuer has been and no Issuer w ill be registered as an investment company 
under the Investment Company Act. The Warrants are being offered and sold in reliance on an exemption from the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act pursuant to Regulation S. 
Accordingly, the Warrants may only be offered, sold, pledged or otherw ise transferred in an “offshore transaction” (as defined 
under Regulation S) to or for the account or benefit of a Permitted Transferee. A “Permitted Transferee” means any person 
w ho: 
(a) 
is not a U.S. Person; 
(b) 
is not a person w ho comes w ithin any definition of U.S. person for the purposes of the CEA or any CFTC Rule, 
guidance or order proposed or issued under the CEA (for the avoidance of doubt, any person w ho is not a 
“Non-United States person” defined under CFTC Rule 4.7(a)(1)(iv), but excluding, for purposes of subsection (D) 
thereof, the exception for qualified eligible persons w ho are not “Non-United States persons”, shall be considered 
a U.S. person); 
(c) 
is not a "U.S. person" for purposes of the final rules implementing the credit risk retention requirements of Section 
15G of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the U.S. Risk Retention Rules) (a Risk Retention 
U.S. Person). 
The Warrants described herein are available only to Permitted Transferees located outside of the United States. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme and each other 
purchaser w ill be required to agree, that it w ill not at any time offer, sell or deliver Warrants, or any interest therein, w ithin 
the United States or to, or for the benefit or account of, persons that are not Permitted Transferees. Terms used in this 
paragraph (unless otherw ise defined herein) have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities  Act. 
French Law  Warrants, or any interest therein, may not at any time be offered, sold, resold, traded, pledged, redeemed, 
transferred or delivered, directly or indirectly, in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a person that is not 
a Permitted Transferee and any offer, sale, resale, pledge, redemption, transfer or delivery made, directly or indirectly, w ithin 
the United States or to or for the account or benefit of, a person that is not a Permitted Transferee w ill not be recognised .

--- Page 787 ---
Subscription, Sale and Transfer Restrictions 
 
787 
 
French Law  Warrants may not be legally or beneficially ow ned at any time by any person that is not a Permitted Transferee 
and accordingly are being offered and sold in offshore transactions (as defined in Regulation S) to persons that are Permitte d 
Transferees in reliance on Regulation S. 
By its purchase of a Warrant, each purchaser w ill be deemed or required, as the case may be, to have agreed to the transfer 
restrictions set out in “Subscription, Sale and Transfer Restrictions”. 
2.9 
Kingdom of Bahrain 
Each Dealer represents and agrees, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme w ill be required to represent 
and agree, that it has not offered, and w ill not offer any Warrants in Bahrain other than on a private placement basis in 
compliance w ith the Central Bank and Financial Institutions Law  2006 (decree Law  No. 64 of 2006) of the Kingdom of Bahrain 
(the CBB Law ), the Offering of Securities Module contained in CBB Rulebook, Volume 6 (the OFS Module) and the 
regulations promulgated from time to time thereunder pursuant to the CBB Law , to persons in the Kingdom of Bahrain w ho 
are “accredited investors”. For this purpose, an “accredited investor” means (i) an individuals w ho have a minimum net w orth 
(or joint net w orth w ith their spouse) of holding financial assets (either singly or jointly w ith a spouse) of U.S.$1,000,000, 
excluding that person’s principal place of residence; or more; (ii) companies, a company, partnerships, trusts or other 
commercial undertakings w hich has have financial assets available for investment of not less than U.S.$1,000,000; or (iii) a 
governments, supranational organisations, central banks or other national monetary authorities, and y or a state 
organisations w hose main activity is to invest in financial instruments (such as a state pension funds). 
2.10 
The Russian Federation 
Each Dealer has represented, w arranted and agreed that it has not offered or sold or transferred or otherw ise disposed of 
and w ill not offer or sell or transfer or otherw ise dispose of any Warrants (as part of their initial distribution or at any time 
thereafter) to or for the benefit of any persons (including legal entities) resident, incorporated, established or having their 
usual residence in the Russian Federation or to any person located w ithin the territory of the Russian Federation unless and 
to the extent otherw ise permitted under Russian law . 
Since neither the issuance of the Warrants nor a securities prospectus in respect of the Warrants has been registered, or is 
intended to be registered, w ith the Central Bank of Russia (the CBR) and no decision to admit the Warrants to placement or 
public circulation in the Russian Federation has been made, or is intended to be made, by the CBR or a Russian stock 
exchange, the Warrants are not eligible for initial offering or public circulation in the Russian Federation and may not be sold 
or offered in the Russian Federation unless and to the extent otherw ise permitted under Russian law . Information set forth 
in this Base Prospectus is not an offer, advertisement or invitation to make offers, to sell, exchange or otherw ise transfer, 
the Warrants in the Russian Federation or to or for the benefit of any Russian person or entity and must not be distributed 
or circulated in the Russian Federation, unless and to the extent otherw ise permitted under Russian law .  
2.11 
Taiwan 
The Warrants may not be sold, offered or issued to Taiw an investors or in Taiw an unless they are made available, (i) outside 
Taiw an for purchase by Taiw an investors outside Taiw an so long as no solicitation, marketing, selling and distribution or 
other similar activities (A) take place in Taiw an or (B) are in violation of any applicable Taiw an law  or regulation; and/or (ii) 
in Taiw an through bank trust departments, licensed securities brokers and/or insurance company investment linked 
insurance products pursuant to the Taiw an Rules Governing Offshore Structured Products and/or (iii) in Taiw an for purchase 
by purchase by Taiw an Corporate Investors/ Professional Investors/ High-Net-Worth Corporate Investors/ Professional 
Institutional Investors pursuant to, and in accordance w ith the conditions or requirements of, any other applicable law s and 
regulations of Taiw an, and the internal investment procedures/ self -guidances of such investors in related to specific industry 
restrictions.

--- Page 788 ---
Subscription, Sale and Transfer Restrictions 
 
788 
 
2.12 
United Arab Emirates (excluding the Dubai International Finance Centre) 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme w ill be required to 
acknow ledge and agree that: 
(a) 
the Warrants to be issued under the Programme have not been and w ill not be offered, sold or publicly promoted 
or advertised by it in the United Arab Emirates (including the Abu Dhabi Global Market) other than in compliance 
w ith any law s applicable in the United Arab Emirates governing the issue, offering and sale of securities; 
(b) 
the information contained in this Base Prospectus does not constitute a public offer of securities in the United Arab 
Emirates in accordance w ith the Commercial Companies Law  (Federal Law  No. 2 of 2015), the Emirates Securities 
and Commodities Authority (the Authority) Board of Directors Decision No. 9/RM of 2016 concerning Mutual Funds 
Regulations, or the Emirates Securities and Commodities Authority Chairman Decision No. 3/RM of 2017 
concerning the Promoting and Introducing Regulations, or otherw ise and is not intended to be a public offer and 
the information contained in this Base Prospectus is not intended to lead to the conclusion of any contract of 
w hatsoever nature w ithin the territory of the United Arab Emirates (excluding the Dubai International Financial 
Centre); 
(c) 
the Warrants to be issued under the Programme and this Base Prospectus have not been and w ill not be filed, 
review ed or approved by the United Arab Emirates Central Bank, the Emirates Securities and Commodit ies 
Authority, the Financial Services Regulatory Authority or any other governmental regulatory body or securities 
exchange; and 
(d) 
the Warrants w ill only be promoted and marketed on a cross-border basis in to the territory of the United Arab 
Emirates to “non-natural Qualified Investors” in compliance w ith the Emirates Securities and Commodities Authority 
Chairman Decision No. 3/RM of 2017 concerning the Promoting and Introducing Regulations w hich includes (a) an 
investor w ho is able to manage their investments on their ow n, namely (i) federal and local government entities or 
companies w holly-ow ned by any such entities; (ii) international entities and organisations; or (iii) a legal person 
licensed to undertake a commercial activity in the United Arab Emirates, provided that one of such person’s objects 
is investment, or (b) an investor w ho is represented by an investment manager licensed by the Authority (each a 
Qualified Investor). 
The information in this Base Prospectus may also be provided to investors at their unsolicited and specific request and an 
investor may directly approach the Issuer, the relevant Dealer or the Arranger (as the case may be) in relation to the purchase 
of the Warrants. 
2.13 
Dubai International Financial Centre 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme w ill be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not offered and w ill not offer the Warrants to be issued under the Programme to any person 
in the Dubai International Financial Centre unless such offer is: 
(a) 
an “Exempt offer” in accordance w ith the Markets Rules of the Dubai Financial Services Authority (the DFSA); and  
(b) 
made only to persons w ho meet the Professional Client criteria set out in Rule 2.3.1 of the DFSA Markets Rules 
and w ho are not natural persons. 
This Base Prospectus relates to Warrants w hich are not subject to any form of regulation or approval by the DFSA. The 
DFSA has no responsibility for review ing or verifying any documents in connection w ith Exempt Offers. The DFSA has not 
approved this Base Prospectus or any associated documents nor taken steps to verify the information set out in it, and has 
no responsibility for it. 
The Warrants to w hich this Base Prospectus relates may be illiquid and/or subject to restrictions on their resale. Prospective 
purchasers of any Warrants offered should conduct their ow n due diligence on the Warrants. 
If you do not understand the contents of this Base Prospectus you should consult an authorised financial adviser.

--- Page 789 ---
Subscription, Sale and Transfer Restrictions 
 
789 
 
2.14 
Thailand 
Base Prospectus has not been approved by or filed or registered w ith the Securities and Exchange Commission or any other 
regulatory authority of the Kingdom of Thailand. Accordingly, the Warrants may not be off ered or sold, or this Base 
Prospectus distributed, in Thailand nor may be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase in Thailand, 
w hether directly or indirectly, to any person in Thailand except under circumstances w hich w ill result in compliance w ith all 
applicable law s, regulations and guidelines promulgated by the Thai government and regulatory authorities in effect at the 
relevant time. 
2.15 
The United Kingdom 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Warrants specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, 
each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme w ill be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherw ise made available and w ill not of fer, sell or otherw ise make 
available any Warrants w hich are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final 
Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person w ho is one (or more) of the follow ing: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic 
law  by virtue of the European Union (Withdraw al) Act 2018 (EUWA); or 
(ii) 
a customer w ithin the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the FSMA) to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
w here that customer w ould not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law  by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer and the Warrants to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for 
the Warrants. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Warrants specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each 
Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme w ill be required to represent 
and agree, that it has not made and w ill not make an offer of Warrants w hich are the subject of the offering contemplated by 
this Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it 
may make an offer of such Warrants to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(A) 
at any time to any legal entity w hich is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; 
(B) 
at any time to few er than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 2 of the 
UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or 
Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(C) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling w ithin section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Warrants referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a 
prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
 
the expression an offer of Warrants to the public in relation to any Warrants means the communication in any form 
and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Warrants to be offered so as to enable 
an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Warrants; and

--- Page 790 ---
Subscription, Sale and Transfer Restrictions 
 
790 
 
 
the expression UK Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law  by 
virtue of the EUWA. 
3. 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS: JURISDICTIONS WITHIN THE EEA 
The selling restrictions below may not be applicable in the context of a public offer, in which case appropriate modifications 
will be made in the applicable Final Terms. 
3.1 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Warrants specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, 
each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme w ill be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherw ise made available and w ill not offer, sell or otherw ise make 
available any Warrants w hich are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the Final 
Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person w ho is one (or more) of the follow ing: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer w ithin the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended or superseded, the Insurance 
Distribution Directive), w here that customer w ould not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the Prospectus 
Regulation); and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer and the Warrants to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the 
Warrants. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Warrants specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, in 
relation to each Member State of the EEA (each, a Relevant State), each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme and each other purchaser w ill be required to represent and agree, that it has 
not made and w ill not make an offer of Warrants w hich are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus 
as completed by the applicable Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in the EEA, except that it may make an offer of 
such Warrants to the public in that Relevant State: 
(a) 
if the final terms in relation to the Warrants specify that an offer of those Warrants may be made other than pursuant 
to Article 1(4) or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Relevant State (a Non-exempt Offer), follow ing the date 
of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Warrants w hich has been approved by the competent authority in 
that Relevant State or, w here appropriate, approved in another Relevant State and notified to the competent 
authority in that Relevant State, provided that (i) the Issuer has consented in w riting to its use for the purpose of 
that Non-exempt Offer and (ii) any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by the final terms 
contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in accordance w ith the Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning and 
ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or final terms, as applicable and the Issuer has consented in 
w riting to its use for the purpose of that Non-exempt Offer; 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity w hich is a qualified investor as defined under the Prospectus Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time to few er than 150, natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any 
such offer; or

--- Page 791 ---
Subscription, Sale and Transfer Restrictions 
 
791 
 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling w ithin Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Warrants referred to in (a) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression offer of Warrants to the public in relation to any Warrants in any Relevant 
State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the 
Warrants to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the Warrants, as the same may be 
varied in that Relevant State by any measure implementing the Prospectus Regulation in that Relevant State. 
3.2 
France 
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme w ill be required 
to represent and agree, that it undertakes to comply w ith applicable French law s and regulations in force regarding the offer, 
the placement or the sale of the Warrants and the distribution in France of this Base Prospectus or any other offering material 
relating to the Warrants. 
3.3 
Sweden 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme and each other 
Purchaser w ill be required to represent and agree, that the Warrants have not been offered or sold and w ill not be offered, 
sold or delivered directly or indirectly in the Kingdom of Sw eden by w ay of a public offering, unless in compliance w ith the 
Sw edish Securities Trading Act, (SFS 1991:980) (Sw. lag (1991:980) om handel med finansiella instrument) as amended 
from time to time. 
3.4 
Norway 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme and each other 
Purchaser w ill be required to represent and agree, that the Warrants have not been offered or sold and w ill not be offered, 
sold or delivered directly or indirectly in the Kingdom of Norw ay by w ay of a public offering, unless in compliance w ith the 
Norw egian Securities Trading Act no. 75 of 29 June 2007 (No. Verdipapirhandelloven) and the Norw egian Securities Trading 
Regulations (no. 876 of 29 June 2007 (No.Verdipapirforskriften), as amended from time to time. 
3.5 
Finland 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme and each other 
Purchaser w ill be required to represent and agree, that the Warrants have not been offered or sold and w ill not be offered, 
sold or delivered directly or indirectly in Finland by w ay of a public offering, unless in compliance w ith the Finnish Securities 
Markets Act (Fi. Arvopaperimarkkinalaki, 746/2012), as amended from time to time and any regulations issued in connection 
thereto. 
3.6 
Denmark 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme and each other 
Purchaser w ill be required to represent and agree, that the Warrants have not been offered or sold and w ill not be offered, 
sold or delivered directly or indirectly in the Kingdom of Denmark by w ay of a public offering, unless in compliance w ith the  
Danish Capital Markets Act (Consolidation Act No. 1767 of 27 November 2020) as amended from time to time and any 
Orders issued thereunder and in compliance w ith Executive Order No. 2092 of 14 December 2020, as amended, 
supplemented or replaced from time to time, issued pursuant to the Danish Consolidated Act no. 1447 of 11 September 
2020 on Financial Business, as amended. 
3.7 
Ireland 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme and each other 
purchaser w ill be required to represent and agree that it has not offered, sold, placed or underw ritten and w ill not offer, sell,

--- Page 792 ---
Subscription, Sale and Transfer Restrictions 
 
792 
 
place or underw rite the Warrants, or do anything in Ireland in respect of the Warrants, otherw ise than in conformity w ith the  
provisions of: 
(i) 
the European Union (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations 2017 (as amended, the MiFID II Regulations), 
including, w ithout limitation, Regulation 5 (Requirement for authorisation (and certain provisions regarding MTFs 
and OTFs)) thereof, any codes of conduct made under the MiFID II Regulations, and the provisions of the Investor 
Compensation Act 1998 (as amended); 
(ii) 
the Companies Act 2014 of Ireland (as amended the Companies Act 2014), the Central Bank Acts 1942-2018 (as 
amended) and any codes of practice made under Section 117(1) of the Central Bank Act 1989 (as amended); 
(iii) 
the Prospectus Regulation, the European Union (Prospectus) Regulations 2019 and any rules and guidance issued 
by the Central Bank of Ireland (the Central Bank) under Section 1363 of the Companies Act 2014; and 
(iv) 
the Market Abuse Regulation (EU 596/2014) (as amended), the European Union (Market Abuse) 2016 (as 
amended) and any rules and guidance issued by the Central Bank under Section 1370 of the Companies Act 2014,  
as each of the foregoing may be amended, restated, varied, supplemented and/or otherw ise replaced from time to time.

--- Page 793 ---
General Information 
 
793 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. 
AUTHORISATION 
1.1 
Societe Generale 
No authorisation procedures are required of Societe Generale by French law  for the update of the Programme or the giving of the 
guarantees in respect of the Programme. How ever, to the extent that Warrants issued by Societe Generale under the Programme 
may constitute obligations under French law , the issue of such Warrants w ill be authorised in accordance w ith French law . 
1.2 
SG Issuer 
The issue of Warrants has been duly authorised by a resolution of the management board of SG Issuer dated 29 April 2021. 
1.3 
Societe Generale Effekten GmbH 
No specific resolutions, authorizations or approvals by the Issuer’s corporate bodies are required for the update of the Programme 
and the issue of Warrants under the Programme. 
2. 
CREDIT RATINGS 
In respect of SG Issuer: 
Unsecured Senior debt of SG Issuer is rated “A” by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited: An S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited is sue 
credit rating is a forw ard-looking opinion on a scale of 'AAA' to 'D' about the creditw orthiness of an obligor w ith respect to a specific 
financial obligation, a specific class of financial obligations, or a specific financial program. 
Societe Generale Effekten GmbH is not rated. 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, Societe Generale is rated: 
"A" by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited: A long-term senior preferred debt rating at Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited provides an ordinal 
ranking of long-term senior preferred debts of issuers, on a scale of 'AAA' to 'D', based on the agency’s view  of their relative 
vulnerability to default, rather than a prediction of a specific percentage likelihood of default. 'A' ratings denote expectations of low  
default risk. The capacity for payment of financial commitments is considered strong. This capacity may, nevertheless, be more 
vulnerable to adverse business or economic conditions than is the case for higher ratings. The modifiers "+" or "-" may be appended 
to a rating to denote relative status w ithin major rating categories. 
"A1" by Moody's France S.A.S.: Ratings assigned on Moody’s France S.A.S.'s global long-term and short-term rating scales are 
forw ard-looking opinions of the relative credit risks of financial obligations issued by financial institutions on a scale of 'Aaa' to 'C'. 
Obligations rated 'A' are judged to be upper-medium grade and are subject to low  credit risk. Moody’s France S.A.S.'s appends 
numerical modifiers 1, 2, and 3 to each generic rating classification from 'Aa' through 'Caa'. The modifier 1 indicates that the obligation 
ranks in the higher end of its generic rating category; the modifier 2 indicates a mid-range ranking; and the modifier 3 indicates a 
ranking in the low er end of that generic rating category. 
"A" by Rating and Investment Information, Inc.: An Issuer Rating is R&I's opinion on an issuer's general capacity to fulfil its financial 
obligations and is, in principle, assigned to all issuers. Ratings are issued on a scale of ‘AAA’ to ‘D’, reflecting R&I’s view  on the 
creditw orthiness of the Issuer. An issuer rated ‘A’ has a high creditw orthiness supported by a few  excellent factors. 
"A" by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited: A S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited issue credit rating is a forw ard-looking opinion 
on a scale of 'AAA' to 'D' about the creditw orthiness of an obligor w ith respect to a specific financial obligation, a specific class of 
financial obligations, or a specific financial program. The opinion reflects S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited's view  of the obligor's 
capacity and w illingness to meet its financial commitments as they come due, and may assess terms, such as collateral security and 
subordination, w hich could affect ultimate payment in the event of default. An obligation rated 'A' is somew hat more susceptible to the 
adverse effects of changes in circumstances and economic conditions than obligations in higher-rated categories. How ever, the

--- Page 794 ---
General Information 
 
794 
 
obligor's capacity to meet its financial commitment on the obligation is still strong. The ratings from 'AA' to 'CCC' may be modified by 
the addition of a plus (+) or minus (-) sign to show  relative standing w ithin the major rating categories. 
Each of Moody's France S.A.S., Fitch Ratings and S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited is established in the European Union and is 
registered under the CRA Regulation and is included in the list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance w ith the CRA  
Regulation 
published 
on 
the 
European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority's 
w ebsite(www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating- agencies/risk). Rating and Investment Information, Inc. is established in 
Japan. It has not been registered in accordance w ith the CRA Regulation. 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change or w ithdraw al at any time 
by the assigning rating agency. 
3. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
3.1 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this document as a base prospectus. Application has also been made to the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Warrants issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange's regulated market and the EuroMTF and to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. The Euro MTF is not a regulated 
market w ithin the meaning of MiFID II. 
3.2 
SIX Swiss Exchange 
This Base Prospectus w ill be filed w ith SIX Exchange Regulation Ltd (prospectus office) as competent review  body under the FinSA  
for automatic acceptance of this Base Prospectus as an issuance prospectus in accordance w ith article 54(2) of the FinSA. As a 
consequence, Warrants may be offered to the public in Sw itzerland and/or admitted to trading on a trading venue (SIX Sw iss 
Exchange) in Sw itzerland. This Base Prospectus and any Supplements thereto (if any), together w ith the applicable Final Terms, w ill 
constitute the prospectus. 
As no application has been made to SIX Exchange Regulation Ltd to accept the Base Prospectus as an "issuance programme" for 
the listing of exchange traded products (ETPs), products w hich classify as ETPs in accordance w ith the regulations of SIX Sw iss 
Exchange w ill not be listed as ETPs but as derivatives. 
3.3 
Other stock exchanges 
The Programme provides that Warrants may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on other or further stock exchanges 
or markets or quotation systems agreed betw een an Issuer and that the relevant Dealer and an Issuer may also issue unlisted 
Warrants and/or Warrants not admitted to trading on any market, all as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
4. 
NOTIFICATION 
Each Issuer has requested the CSSF to provide the competent authority of Belgium, Bulgaria, Croatia, Czech Republic, Denmark,  
Finland, France, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Norw ay, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Slovak Republic, Slovenia, Spain, Sw eden and 
The Netherlands w ith a certificate of approval attesting that this Base Prospectus has been draw n up in accordance w ith the 
Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF may also be requested to provide the competent authority of any other EEA State w ith a similar 
certificate of approval. 
5. 
AVAILABILITY OF DOCUMENTS 
Copies of the follow ing documents w ill, w hen published, be available for inspection during normal business hours from the head office 
of each of Societe Generale, and SG Issuer and Societe Generale Effekten GmbH and from the specified office of each of the Paying 
Agents for the time being in Luxembourg, New  York, Paris and Zurich, in each case at the address given at the end of this  Base 
Prospectus:

--- Page 795 ---
General Information 
 
795 
 
(a) 
The 
bylaw s 
of 
SG 
Issuer 
are 
available 
on 
the 
w ebsite: 
https://w ww.societegenerale.lu/fileadmin/user_upload/SGLUX/DOCUMENTS/CORPORA TE/Statuts_coordonnes_SGIS.pd
f 
and 
the 
bylaw s 
of 
Societe 
Generale 
are 
available 
on 
the 
Societe 
Generale 
w ebsite: 
https://w ww.societegenerale.com/sites/default/files/documents/Gouvernance/bylaw s_en.pdf ; 
(b) 
the articles of association (Gesellschaftsvertrag) of Societe Generale Effekten GmbH are available on the w ebsite 
https://w ww.sg-zertifikate.de/service/rechtliche-dokumente/registrierungsformulare-und-jahresabschluesse; 
(c) 
the 2019 Annual Financial Statements of Societe Generale Effekten GmbH and the 2020 Annual Financial Statements of 
Societe Generale Effekten GmbH; 
(d) 
the 2020 Universal Registration Document, the 2021 Universal Registration Document and the First Amendment to the 2021 
Universal Registration Document of Societe Generale; 
(e) 
the audited financial statements for the financial years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020 of SG Issuer, the 
related notes and the statutory auditor's report; 
(f) 
the audited annual financial statements for the financial years ended 31 December 2019 and the 31 December 2020 of 
Societe Generale Effekten GmbH, the related notes and the statutory auditors’ report prepared in accordance w ith IFRS; 
(g) 
the Programme Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Guarantee, the Agency Agreement (w hich includes, inter alia, the 
forms of the Global Warrants (including Registered Global Warrants) and Warrants in definitive form, the Spanish Agency 
Agreement, the Sw iss Paying Agency Agreement and ), the French Law  Agency Agreement (w hich includes the form of the 
Lettre Comptable, the Temporary Global Certificates, the Definitive Materialised Bearer Warrants), the EUI Agency 
Agreement, the Collateral Agency Agreement, the Collateral Monitoring Agreement, the Collateral Custodian Agreement, 
the Warrants Valuation Agency Agreement, the Disposal Agency Agreement, the Substitute Paying Agency Agreement, the 
Security Agency Agreement and each Pledge Agreement and/or Security Trust Deed (save that each Pledge Agreement 
and/or Security Trust Deed w ill only be available for inspection by a holder of  Warrants relating thereto and such holder must 
produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer or Paying Agent as to its holding of such Warrants and identity); 
(h) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus together w ith any Supplement to this Base Prospectus and any other documents incorporated 
herein or therein by reference; 
(i) 
each Final Terms (save that Final Terms relating to (i) Exempt Offer Warrants or (ii) Exempted Sw iss Public Offer Warrants, 
w ill only be available for inspection by a holder of such Warrants and such Warrantholder must produce evidence satisfactory 
to the relevant Issuer or Paying Agent as to its holding of such Warrants and identity); and 
(j) 
in the case of each issue of Warrants admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market subscribed 
pursuant to a syndication agreement, the syndication agreement (or equivalent document). 
In addition, this Base Prospectus, documents incorporated by reference herein and any Final Terms relating to Warrants admitted to 
trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's main market as aforementioned w ill be published on the relevant Issuer's w ebsite(s) 
and on the internet site of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at w ww.bourse.lu w ww.bourse.lu and w ill be available at least 10 years 
after their publication on these w ebsites. 
6. 
CLEARING SYSTEMS 
6.1 
Warrants other than EUI Warrants 
The Warrants have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear France or Euroclear and Clearstream and Iberclear (w hich are 
the entities in charge of keeping the records). The appropriate common code and ISIN for each Tranche of Warrants allocated by 
Euroclear France or Euroclear and/or Clearstream or any other Clearing System w ill be contained in the applicable Final Terms . 
Warrants may be held through additional or alternative clearing systems (including, w ithout limitation, SIX SIS Ltd, Euroclear Sw eden 
AB, Euroclear Finland Ltd, Verdipapirsentralen ASA, VP Securities A/S or Monte Titoli S.p.A.), in w hich case the appropriate 
information w ill be contained in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 796 ---
General Information 
 
796 
 
The address of Euroclear is 1, boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210, Brussels, Belgium. 
The address of Clearstream is 42, avenue J F Kennedy, L-1855, Luxembourg. 
The address of Euroclear France is 66, rue de la Victoire, 75081 Paris Cedex 02, France. 
The address of Euroclear Sw eden AB is Box 191, 101 23 Stockholm, Sw eden. 
The address of Euroclear Finland Ltd is PL 1110, 00101 Helsinki, Finland. 
The address of Verdipapirsentralen ASA is Fred Olsens gate 1, N 0152 Oslo, Norw ay. 
The address of VP Securities A/S is Weidekampsgade 14, P.O. Box 4040, DK-2300, Copenhagen S, Denmark. 
The address of Iberclear is Plaza de la Lealtad, 1 28014 Madrid, Spain. 
The address of Monte Titoli S.p.A. is Piazza Affari 6, 20123 Milan, Italy. 
6.2 
EUI Warrants 
The EUI Warrants shall be held in uncertificated form in accordance w ith the Uncertificated Securities Regulations 2001. Title to the 
EUI Warrants is recorded on the relevant register of corporate securities maintained by EUI. 
All transactions (including transfers) in the open market or otherw ise must be effected through an account w ith EUI (w hich is the entity 
in charge of keeping the records). The appropriate ISIN for each Issue of EUI Warrants allocated by EUI w ill be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. If the EUI Warrants are to be cleared through an additional or alternative clearing system the appropriate 
information w ill be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The address of EUI is Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited, 33 Cannon Street, London EC4M 5SB. 
7. 
CONDITIONS FOR DETERMINING PRICE 
The price and amount of Warrants to be issued under the Programme w ill be determined by the Issuer and the relevant purchaser (s) 
at the time of issue in accordance w ith prevailing market conditions. 
8. 
POST-ISSUANCE INFORMATION 
Except as otherw ise required by applicable law , the Issuers do not intend to provide any post-issuance information in relation to any 
assets underlying issues of Warrants constituting derivative securities, except if required by any applicable law s and regulations. 
9. 
DEALERS ENGAGING IN BUSINESS ACTIVITIES WITH THE ISSUERS AND THE GUARANTOR 
Certain Dealers and/or their affiliates have engaged and could in the future engage in commercial banking and/or investment activities 
w ith the Issuers, the Guarantor and/or their affiliates and could, in the ordinary course of their business, provide services to the Issuers, 
to the Guarantor and/or to their affiliates.

--- Page 797 ---
On-Going Non-Exempt Offers 
 
797 
 
ON-GOING NON-EXEMPT OFFERS 
The Issues of Warrants listed below  are each either (i) the subject of an on-going Non-exempt Offer as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus or (ii) the subject of a Non-exempt Offer w hich has closed as at the date of this Base Prospectus, but w hich w ill be listed 
on a regulated market after the date of this Base Prospectus. 
The Base Prospectus dated 29 June 2020 is applicable for the purposes of the On-going Non-exempt Offers listed below  and the 
information relating to the Issuer and the Guarantor contained in or incorporated by reference in such base prospectus w ill c ontinue 
to be updated by this Base Prospectus. 
The follow ing w arning is deemed to appear on the first page of each final terms of the Issues of Warrants listed below . 
The Base Prospectus dated 28 June 2021 expires on 28 June 2022. The obligation to supplement a prospectus in the event of 
significant new  factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies does not apply w hen a prospectus is no longer valid. The 
succeeding base prospectus w ill be available on http://prospectus.socgen.com. 
In accordance w ith article 8.11 of the Prospectus Regulation, the new  final terms and conditions relating to the outstanding 
Non-exempt 
Offers 
listed 
below  
w ill 
be 
available 
on 
a 
special 
page 
of 
the 
Issuer's 
w ebsite: 
http://prospectus.socgen.com/legaldoc_search. 
 
NON-EXEMPT OFFER JURISDICTION: Italy 
ISSUER: SG Issuer for each issuance below 
 
ISIN Code 
Issue Date 
Start of 
Public Offer 
Period 
End of Public 
Offer Period 
ISIN Code 
Issue Date 
Start of Public 
Offer Period 
End of Public 
Offer Period 
LU1489396082 
20/09/2016 
27/09/2016 
01/09/2021 
LU2088770115 
25/09/2020 
02/10/2020 
07/12/2021 
LU2088888545 
02/03/2021 
09/03/2021 
07/09/2021 
LU2088770388 
25/09/2020 
02/10/2020 
07/12/2021 
LU2088888628 
02/03/2021 
09/03/2021 
07/09/2021 
LU2088770545 
25/09/2020 
02/10/2020 
07/12/2021 
LU2088891762 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
07/09/2021 
LU2088772244 
25/09/2020 
02/10/2020 
07/12/2021 
LU2088891846 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
07/09/2021 
LU2088772590 
25/09/2020 
02/10/2020 
07/12/2021 
LU2087859745 
16/04/2020 
23/04/2020 
08/09/2021 
LU2088772756 
25/09/2020 
02/10/2020 
07/12/2021 
LU2087859828 
16/04/2020 
23/04/2020 
08/09/2021 
LU2088774372 
25/09/2020 
02/10/2020 
07/12/2021 
LU2087860081 
16/04/2020 
23/04/2020 
08/09/2021 
LU2088774539 
25/09/2020 
02/10/2020 
07/12/2021 
LU2088820662 
30/10/2020 
06/11/2020 
08/09/2021 
LU2088774703 
25/09/2020 
02/10/2020 
07/12/2021 
LU2088820829 
30/10/2020 
06/11/2020 
08/09/2021 
LU2088775858 
25/09/2020 
02/10/2020 
07/12/2021 
LU2088821397 
30/10/2020 
06/11/2020 
08/09/2021 
LU2088776070 
25/09/2020 
02/10/2020 
07/12/2021 
LU2088823419 
30/10/2020 
06/11/2020 
08/09/2021 
LU2088776237 
25/09/2020 
02/10/2020 
07/12/2021 
LU2088824730 
30/10/2020 
06/11/2020 
08/09/2021 
LU2088777987 
25/09/2020 
02/10/2020 
07/12/2021 
LU2088824904 
30/10/2020 
06/11/2020 
08/09/2021 
LU2088778100 
25/09/2020 
02/10/2020 
07/12/2021 
LU2088826511 
30/10/2020 
06/11/2020 
08/09/2021 
LU2088778365 
25/09/2020 
02/10/2020 
07/12/2021 
LU2088826784 
30/10/2020 
06/11/2020 
08/09/2021 
LU2088780775 
25/09/2020 
02/10/2020 
07/12/2021 
LU2088828137 
30/10/2020 
06/11/2020 
08/09/2021 
LU2088780932 
25/09/2020 
02/10/2020 
07/12/2021 
LU2088889519 
05/03/2021 
12/03/2021 
08/09/2021 
LU2088781153 
25/09/2020 
02/10/2020 
07/12/2021 
LU2088889600 
05/03/2021 
12/03/2021 
08/09/2021 
LU2088781310 
25/09/2020 
02/10/2020 
07/12/2021 
LU2088889865 
05/03/2021 
12/03/2021 
08/09/2021 
LU2088781583 
25/09/2020 
02/10/2020 
07/12/2021 
LU2088889949 
05/03/2021 
12/03/2021 
08/09/2021 
LU2088781740 
25/09/2020 
02/10/2020 
07/12/2021 
LU2088890103 
05/03/2021 
12/03/2021 
08/09/2021 
LU2087839556 
16/04/2020 
23/04/2020 
08/12/2021 
LU2088890368 
05/03/2021 
12/03/2021 
08/09/2021 
LU2087839630 
16/04/2020 
23/04/2020 
08/12/2021 
LU2088890525 
05/03/2021 
12/03/2021 
08/09/2021 
LU2087840133 
16/04/2020 
23/04/2020 
08/12/2021 
LU2088890871 
05/03/2021 
12/03/2021 
08/09/2021 
LU2087840729 
16/04/2020 
23/04/2020 
08/12/2021 
LU2088892497 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/09/2021 
LU2087840992 
16/04/2020 
23/04/2020 
08/12/2021 
LU2088892570 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/09/2021 
LU2087842691 
16/04/2020 
23/04/2020 
08/12/2021 
LU2088892653 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/09/2021 
LU2087844044 
16/04/2020 
23/04/2020 
08/12/2021 
LU2088893032 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/09/2021 
LU2087844127 
16/04/2020 
23/04/2020 
08/12/2021

--- Page 798 ---
On-Going Non-Exempt Offers 
 
798 
 
ISIN Code 
Issue Date 
Start of 
Public Offer 
Period 
End of Public 
Offer Period 
ISIN Code 
Issue Date 
Start of Public 
Offer Period 
End of Public 
Offer Period 
LU2088893115 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/09/2021 
LU2087844390 
16/04/2020 
23/04/2020 
08/12/2021 
LU2088893206 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/09/2021 
LU2087844473 
16/04/2020 
23/04/2020 
08/12/2021 
LU2088893628 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/09/2021 
LU2087845280 
16/04/2020 
23/04/2020 
08/12/2021 
LU2088893891 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/09/2021 
LU2087845363 
16/04/2020 
23/04/2020 
08/12/2021 
LU2088893974 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/09/2021 
LU2087845447 
16/04/2020 
23/04/2020 
08/12/2021 
LU2088894436 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/09/2021 
LU2087846924 
16/04/2020 
23/04/2020 
08/12/2021 
LU2088894600 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/09/2021 
LU2087847062 
16/04/2020 
23/04/2020 
08/12/2021 
LU2088894782 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/09/2021 
LU2087847146 
16/04/2020 
23/04/2020 
08/12/2021 
LU2088895169 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/09/2021 
LU2087847229 
16/04/2020 
23/04/2020 
08/12/2021 
LU2088895243 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/09/2021 
LU2087847492 
16/04/2020 
23/04/2020 
08/12/2021 
LU2088895672 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/09/2021 
LU2087847575 
16/04/2020 
23/04/2020 
08/12/2021 
LU2088895755 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/09/2021 
LU2087847658 
16/04/2020 
23/04/2020 
08/12/2021 
LU2088895839 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/09/2021 
LU2087849787 
16/04/2020 
23/04/2020 
08/12/2021 
LU2088896217 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/09/2021 
LU2087849860 
16/04/2020 
23/04/2020 
08/12/2021 
LU2088896308 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/09/2021 
LU2087849944 
16/04/2020 
23/04/2020 
08/12/2021 
LU2088896480 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/09/2021 
LU2087860164 
16/04/2020 
23/04/2020 
08/12/2021 
LU2088896993 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/09/2021 
LU2087860248 
16/04/2020 
23/04/2020 
08/12/2021 
LU2088897025 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/09/2021 
LU2088783365 
25/09/2020 
02/10/2020 
08/12/2021 
LU2088897298 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/09/2021 
LU2088783522 
25/09/2020 
02/10/2020 
08/12/2021 
LU2088898346 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/09/2021 
LU2088783878 
25/09/2020 
02/10/2020 
08/12/2021 
LU2088898429 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/09/2021 
LU2088785220 
25/09/2020 
02/10/2020 
08/12/2021 
LU2088898692 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/09/2021 
LU2088785576 
25/09/2020 
02/10/2020 
08/12/2021 
LU2088899070 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/09/2021 
LU2088785733 
25/09/2020 
02/10/2020 
08/12/2021 
LU2088899153 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/09/2021 
LU2088787358 
25/09/2020 
02/10/2020 
08/12/2021 
LU2088899237 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/09/2021 
LU2088787515 
25/09/2020 
02/10/2020 
08/12/2021 
LU2088899666 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/09/2021 
LU2088787788 
25/09/2020 
02/10/2020 
08/12/2021 
LU2088899740 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/09/2021 
LU2088789057 
25/09/2020 
02/10/2020 
08/12/2021 
LU2088899823 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/09/2021 
LU2088789214 
25/09/2020 
02/10/2020 
08/12/2021 
LU2088900340 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/09/2021 
LU2088789487 
25/09/2020 
02/10/2020 
08/12/2021 
LU2088900423 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/09/2021 
LU2088795021 
25/09/2020 
02/10/2020 
08/12/2021 
LU2088900696 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/09/2021 
LU2088795377 
25/09/2020 
02/10/2020 
08/12/2021 
LU2088901074 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/09/2021 
LU2088796771 
25/09/2020 
02/10/2020 
08/12/2021 
LU2088901157 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/09/2021 
LU2088797076 
25/09/2020 
02/10/2020 
08/12/2021 
LU2088901231 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/09/2021 
LU2088797233 
25/09/2020 
02/10/2020 
08/12/2021 
LU2088901660 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/09/2021 
LU2088798637 
25/09/2020 
02/10/2020 
08/12/2021 
LU2088901744 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/09/2021 
LU2088798801 
25/09/2020 
02/10/2020 
08/12/2021 
LU2088901827 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/09/2021 
LU2088892737 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/12/2021 
LU2088908244 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/09/2021 
LU2088892810 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/12/2021 
LU2088908327 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/09/2021 
LU2088892901 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/12/2021 
LU2088908590 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/09/2021 
LU2088893388 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/12/2021 
LU2088908913 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/09/2021 
LU2088893461 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/12/2021 
LU2088909051 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/09/2021 
LU2088893545 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/12/2021 
LU2088909135 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/09/2021 
LU2088894196 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/12/2021 
LU2088909564 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/09/2021 
LU2088894279 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/12/2021 
LU2088909648 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/09/2021 
LU2088894352 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/12/2021 
LU2088909721 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/09/2021 
LU2088894865 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/12/2021 
LU2088902478 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/09/2021 
LU2088894949 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/12/2021 
LU2088902635 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/09/2021 
LU2088895086 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/12/2021 
LU2088902718 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/09/2021 
LU2088895326 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/12/2021 
LU2088903013 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/09/2021 
LU2088895599 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/12/2021 
LU2088903104 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/09/2021 
LU2088895912 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/12/2021 
LU2088903443 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/09/2021 
LU2088896050 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/12/2021

--- Page 799 ---
On-Going Non-Exempt Offers 
 
799 
 
ISIN Code 
Issue Date 
Start of 
Public Offer 
Period 
End of Public 
Offer Period 
ISIN Code 
Issue Date 
Start of Public 
Offer Period 
End of Public 
Offer Period 
LU2088903526 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/09/2021 
LU2088896134 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/12/2021 
LU2088903955 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/09/2021 
LU2088896563 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/12/2021 
LU2088904094 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/09/2021 
LU2088896647 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/12/2021 
LU2088904334 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/09/2021 
LU2088896720 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/12/2021 
LU2088904417 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/09/2021 
LU2088897371 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/12/2021 
LU2088904763 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/09/2021 
LU2088897454 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/12/2021 
LU2088904847 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/09/2021 
LU2088897538 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/12/2021 
LU2088905141 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/09/2021 
LU2088898775 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/12/2021 
LU2088905224 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/09/2021 
LU2088898858 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/12/2021 
LU2088905653 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/09/2021 
LU2088898932 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/12/2021 
LU2088905737 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/09/2021 
LU2088899310 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/12/2021 
LU2088906032 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/09/2021 
LU2088899401 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/12/2021 
LU2088906115 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/09/2021 
LU2088899583 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/12/2021 
LU2088906461 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/09/2021 
LU2088900001 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/12/2021 
LU2088906545 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/09/2021 
LU2088900183 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/12/2021 
LU2088906974 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/09/2021 
LU2088900266 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/12/2021 
LU2088907196 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/09/2021 
LU2088900779 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/12/2021 
LU2088907436 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/09/2021 
LU2088900852 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/12/2021 
LU2088907519 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/09/2021 
LU2088900936 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/12/2021 
LU2088907865 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/09/2021 
LU2088901314 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/12/2021 
LU2088907949 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/09/2021 
LU2088901405 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/12/2021 
LU2088910224 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/09/2021 
LU2088901587 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/12/2021 
LU2088910497 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/09/2021 
LU2088902049 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/12/2021 
LU2088910737 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/09/2021 
LU2088902122 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/12/2021 
LU2088910810 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/09/2021 
LU2088902395 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/12/2021 
LU2088911115 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/09/2021 
LU2088908673 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/12/2021 
LU2088911206 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/09/2021 
LU2088908756 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/12/2021 
LU1489395944 
20/09/2016 
27/09/2016 
12/09/2021 
LU2088908830 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/12/2021 
LU2088889196 
02/03/2021 
09/03/2021 
18/09/2021 
LU2088909218 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/12/2021 
LU2088889279 
02/03/2021 
09/03/2021 
18/09/2021 
LU2088909309 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/12/2021 
LU2088890954 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
18/09/2021 
LU2088909481 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/12/2021 
LU2088891093 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
18/09/2021 
LU2088909994 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/12/2021 
LU2088891176 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
18/09/2021 
LU2088910067 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/12/2021 
LU2087842261 
16/04/2020 
23/04/2020 
01/12/2021 
LU2088910141 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/12/2021 
LU2087842345 
16/04/2020 
23/04/2020 
01/12/2021 
LU2088902551 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/12/2021 
LU2087848540 
16/04/2020 
23/04/2020 
01/12/2021 
LU2088902809 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/12/2021 
LU2087848623 
16/04/2020 
23/04/2020 
01/12/2021 
LU2088902981 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/12/2021 
LU2087848896 
16/04/2020 
23/04/2020 
01/12/2021 
LU2088903286 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/12/2021 
LU2088891929 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
06/12/2021 
LU2088903369 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/12/2021 
LU2088892067 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
06/12/2021 
LU2088903799 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/12/2021 
LU2088892141 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
06/12/2021 
LU2088903872 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/12/2021 
LU2088892224 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
06/12/2021 
LU2088904177 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/12/2021 
LU2088616540 
25/09/2020 
02/10/2020 
07/12/2021 
LU2088904250 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/12/2021 
LU2088616896 
25/09/2020 
02/10/2020 
07/12/2021 
LU2088904508 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/12/2021 
LU2088617191 
25/09/2020 
02/10/2020 
07/12/2021 
LU2088904680 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/12/2021 
LU2088618678 
25/09/2020 
02/10/2020 
07/12/2021 
LU2088904920 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/12/2021 
LU2088618835 
25/09/2020 
02/10/2020 
07/12/2021 
LU2088905067 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/12/2021 
LU2088619056 
25/09/2020 
02/10/2020 
07/12/2021 
LU2088905497 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/12/2021 
LU2088620732 
25/09/2020 
02/10/2020 
07/12/2021 
LU2088905570 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/12/2021 
LU2088620906 
25/09/2020 
02/10/2020 
07/12/2021 
LU2088905810 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/12/2021 
LU2088621110 
25/09/2020 
02/10/2020 
07/12/2021 
LU2088905901 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/12/2021 
LU2088622787 
25/09/2020 
02/10/2020 
07/12/2021 
LU2088906206 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/12/2021

--- Page 800 ---
On-Going Non-Exempt Offers 
 
800 
 
ISIN Code 
Issue Date 
Start of 
Public Offer 
Period 
End of Public 
Offer Period 
ISIN Code 
Issue Date 
Start of Public 
Offer Period 
End of Public 
Offer Period 
LU2088622944 
25/09/2020 
02/10/2020 
07/12/2021 
LU2088906388 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/12/2021 
LU2088623165 
25/09/2020 
02/10/2020 
07/12/2021 
LU2088906628 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/12/2021 
LU2088624486 
25/09/2020 
02/10/2020 
07/12/2021 
LU2088906891 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/12/2021 
LU2088624726 
25/09/2020 
02/10/2020 
07/12/2021 
LU2088907279 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/12/2021 
LU2088625376 
25/09/2020 
02/10/2020 
07/12/2021 
LU2088907352 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/12/2021 
LU2088626770 
25/09/2020 
02/10/2020 
07/12/2021 
LU2088907600 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/12/2021 
LU2088626937 
25/09/2020 
02/10/2020 
07/12/2021 
LU2088907782 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/12/2021 
LU2088627158 
25/09/2020 
02/10/2020 
07/12/2021 
LU2088908087 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/12/2021 
LU2088628800 
25/09/2020 
02/10/2020 
07/12/2021 
LU2088908160 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/12/2021 
LU2088629014 
25/09/2020 
02/10/2020 
07/12/2021 
LU2088910570 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/12/2021 
LU2088629287 
25/09/2020 
02/10/2020 
07/12/2021 
LU2088910653 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/12/2021 
LU2088630889 
25/09/2020 
02/10/2020 
07/12/2021 
LU2088910901 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/12/2021 
LU2088631002 
25/09/2020 
02/10/2020 
07/12/2021 
LU2088911032 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/12/2021 
LU2088631267 
25/09/2020 
02/10/2020 
07/12/2021 
LU2088911388 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/12/2021 
LU2088633123 
25/09/2020 
02/10/2020 
07/12/2021 
LU2088911461 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
08/12/2021 
LU2088633479 
25/09/2020 
02/10/2020 
07/12/2021 
LU2088891259 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
14/12/2021 
LU2088633636 
25/09/2020 
02/10/2020 
07/12/2021 
LU2088891333 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
14/12/2021 
LU2088635177 
25/09/2020 
02/10/2020 
07/12/2021 
LU2088891416 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
14/12/2021 
LU2088635334 
25/09/2020 
02/10/2020 
07/12/2021 
LU2088891507 
17/05/2021 
24/05/2021 
14/12/2021 
LU2088635508 
25/09/2020 
02/10/2020 
07/12/2021 
LU2200517063 
19/12/2013 
26/12/2013 
31/12/2099 
LU2088768135 
25/09/2020 
02/10/2020 
07/12/2021 
LU2141869003 
19/12/2013 
26/12/2013 
31/12/2099 
LU2088768309 
25/09/2020 
02/10/2020 
07/12/2021 
LU2141148952 
14/09/2016 
21/09/2016 
31/12/2099 
LU2088768564 
25/09/2020 
02/10/2020 
07/12/2021 
LU2200515109 
14/09/2016 
21/09/2016 
31/12/2099 
 
NON-EXEMPT OFFER JURISDICTION: Spain 
ISSUER: SG Issuer for each issuance below 
 
ISIN Code 
Issue Date 
Start of 
Public Offer 
Period 
End of Public 
Offer Period 
ISIN Code 
Issue Date 
Start of Public 
Offer Period 
End of Public 
Offer Period 
LU1921661796 
02/04/2019 
02/04/2019 
17/12/2021 
LU1921666084 
02/04/2019 
02/04/2019 
17/12/2021 
LU1921661879 
02/04/2019 
02/04/2019 
17/12/2021 
LU1921666167 
02/04/2019 
02/04/2019 
17/12/2021 
LU1921661952 
02/04/2019 
02/04/2019 
17/12/2021 
LU1921666241 
02/04/2019 
02/04/2019 
17/12/2021 
LU1917988724 
12/12/2018 
12/12/2018 
21/01/2022 
LU1921665789 
02/04/2019 
02/04/2019 
17/12/2021 
LU1921660392 
02/04/2019 
02/04/2019 
17/12/2021 
LU1921665862 
02/04/2019 
02/04/2019 
17/12/2021 
LU1921660475 
02/04/2019 
02/04/2019 
17/12/2021 
LU1921665946 
02/04/2019 
02/04/2019 
17/12/2021 
LU1921660558 
02/04/2019 
02/04/2019 
17/12/2021 
LU1917990209 
12/12/2018 
12/12/2018 
21/01/2022 
LU1921660632 
02/04/2019 
02/04/2019 
17/12/2021 
LU1917990118 
12/12/2018 
12/12/2018 
21/01/2022 
LU1917988302 
12/12/2018 
12/12/2018 
21/01/2022 
LU1917990035 
12/12/2018 
12/12/2018 
21/01/2022 
LU1917989375 
12/12/2018 
12/12/2018 
21/01/2022 
LU1917989961 
12/12/2018 
12/12/2018 
21/01/2022 
LU1917989706 
12/12/2018 
12/12/2018 
21/01/2022 
LU1917988567 
12/12/2018 
12/12/2018 
21/01/2022 
LU1917989458 
12/12/2018 
12/12/2018 
21/01/2022 
LU1921669427 
02/04/2019 
02/04/2019 
17/12/2021 
LU1917989888 
12/12/2018 
12/12/2018 
21/01/2022 
LU1921669690 
02/04/2019 
02/04/2019 
17/12/2021 
LU1917989532 
12/12/2018 
12/12/2018 
21/01/2022 
LU1921669773 
02/04/2019 
02/04/2019 
17/12/2021 
LU1917989615 
12/12/2018 
12/12/2018 
21/01/2022 
LU1917989029 
12/12/2018 
12/12/2018 
21/01/2022

--- Page 801 ---
801 
 
ISSUER AND GUARANTOR 
SOCIETE GENERALE 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
ISSUERS 
SG ISSUER 
16, boulevard Royal 
L-2449 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
SOCIETE GENERALE EFFEKTEN GMBH 
Neue Mainzer Str. 46 – 50 
D-60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
ARRANGER 
SOCIETE GENERALE 
Tour Societe Generale 
17 cours Valmy 
92987 Paris la Défense Cedex 
France 
DEALERS 
SOCIETE GENERALE 
Tour Societe Generale 
17, Cours Valmy 
92987 Paris La Défense Cedex 
France 
SG OPTION EUROPE 
17, cours Valmy 
92800 Puteaux 
France 
 
FISCAL AGENT, REGISTRAR, TRANSFER AGENT AND EXCHANGE AGENT 
SOCIETE GENERALE LUXEMBOURG S.A. 
11, avenue Emile Reuter 
L-2420 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
LISTING AGENTS 
SOCIETE GENERALE LUXEMBOURG S.A. 
11, avenue Emile Reuter 
2420 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
SOCIETE GENERALE PARIS, ZURICH BRANCH 
Talacker 50 
CH-8021 Zurich 
Sw itzerland

--- Page 802 ---
802 
 
PAYING AGENTS 
SOCIETE GENERALE 
32, rue du Champ de Tir 
BP 18236 
44312 Nantes cedex 3 
France 
SOCIETE GENERALE LUXEMBOURG S.A. 
11, avenue Emile Reuter 
L-2420 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
SOCIETE GENERALE PARIS , ZURICH BRANCH 
Talacker 50 
CH-8021 Zurich 
Sw itzerland 
SOCIETE GENERALE, NEW YORK BRANCH 
1221 Avenue of the Americas 
New  York New  York 10020 
United States 
SOCIETE GENERALE, SUCURSAL EN ESPAÑA (for Spanish Warrants) 
Plaza de Pablo Ruiz Picasso, 1 
28020 Madrid 
Spain 
SOCIETE GENERALE SECURITIES SERVICES S.P.A. (for Uncertificated Italian Warrants) 
Via Benigno Crespi, 19 
20159 Milan 
Italy 
NORDEA DENMARK, FILIAL AF NORDEA BANK ABP, FINLAND 
Helgeshøj Alle 33 
Taastrup 
P.O Box 850 DK-0900 Copenhagen 
Denmark 
NORDEA BANK ABP 
Aleksis Kiven Katy 3-5 
FI-00020 
Nordea 
Helsinki 
Finland 
NORDEA BANK ABP, FILIAL I SVERIGE 
Smålandsgatan 17, A213 
SE-105 71 
Stockholm 
Sw eden 
NORDEA BANK ABP, FILIAL I NORGE 
Essendropsgate 7 
PO Box 1166 
Sentrum NO-0107 
Oslo 
Norw ay

--- Page 803 ---
803 
 
EUI AGENT 
COMPUTERSHARE INVESTOR SERVICES (JERSEY) LIMITED 
Queensw ay House 
Hilgrove Street 
St Helier JE1 1ES 
Jersey 
COM PUTERSHARE INVESTOR SERVICES PLC (for EUI Warrants) 
The Pavilions 
Bridgwater Road 
Bristol BS13 8AE 
United Kingdom 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuers and the Guarantor as to English, French and U.S. law 
Allen & Overy LLP 
52, avenue Hoche 
CS 90005 
75379 Paris Cedex 08 
France 
To the Issuers and the Guarantor as to Luxembourg law 
Allen & Overy, société en commandite simple 
(inscrite au barreau de Luxembourg) 
5, avenue J.F. Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
To the Issuers as to Swedish law 
HARVEST ADVOKATBYRÅ AB 
Hamngatan 15 
P.O. Box 7225 
SE-103 89 Stockholm 
Sw eden 
To the Issuers as to Finnish law 
ROSCHIER, ATTORNEYS LTD 
Kasarmikatu 21 A FI-00130 Helsinki 
Finland 
To the Issuers as to Norwegian law 
ADVOKATFIRMAET BAHR AS 
Tjuvholmen allé 16 
P.O. Box 1524 Vika 
NO-0117 Oslo 
Norw ay 
To the Issuers as to Danish law 
GORRISSEN FEDERSPIEL ADVOKATPARTNERSELSKAB 
Axel Tow ers 
Axeltorv 
21609 Copenhagen 
Denmark

--- Page 804 ---
804 
 
AUDITORS 
To Societe Generale 
ERNST & YOUNG ET AUTRES 
1/2, place des Saisons 
92400 Courbevoie – Paris-La Défense 1 
France 
Deloitte & Associés 
6, place de la Pyramide 
92908 Paris-La Défense Cedex 
France 
To SG Issuer 
DELOITTE AUDIT, société à responsabilité limitée 
560 rue de Neudorf 
L-2220, Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
To Societe Generale Effekten GmbH 
DELOITTE & TOUCHE WIRTSCHAFTSPRÜFUNGSGESELLSCHAFT 
Franklinstrasse 50 
60486 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany