--- Page 1 ---
10088329383-v79 
- i - 
70-40753911 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
SGS NEDERLAND HOLDING B.V. 
(incorporated in The Netherlands)   
Guaranteed by 
SGS S.A. 
(incorporated in Switzerland) 
EUR 1,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
___________________________________ 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Luxembourg Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier 
(the "CSSF"), which is the Luxembourg competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "EU 
Prospectus Regulation"), as a base prospectus issued in compliance with article 8(1) of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation for the purpose of giving information with regard to the issue of notes ("Notes") issued under the Euro 
Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") described in this Base Prospectus during the period of twelve 
months after the date hereof. The CSSF has only approved the Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of 
completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the EU Prospectus Regulation. Such an approval 
should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the Guarantor nor as an endorsement of the quality of 
any Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the 
suitability of investing in such Notes. The CSSF assumes no responsibility for the economic and financial 
soundness of the transactions contemplated by this Base Prospectus or the quality or solvency of the Issuer or the 
Guarantor. This Base Prospectus (as supplemented from time to time) is valid to 7 April 2022. Applications have 
been made for such Notes to be admitted during the period of twelve months after the date hereof to listing on the 
official list and to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The regulated market of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"EU MiFID II") on markets in financial instruments. 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the EU Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which are to 
be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area (the "EEA") and/or offered to the 
public in the EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of 
the EU Prospectus Regulation. References in this Base Prospectus to "Exempt Notes" are to Notes for which no 
prospectus is required to be published under the EU Prospectus Regulation or under the United Kingdom Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended. The CSSF has neither approved nor reviewed information contained 
in this Base Prospectus in connection with Exempt Notes. 
The Programme also permits Notes to be issued on the basis that they will not be admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or to be admitted to listing, trading 
and/or quotation by such other or further competent authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may 
be agreed with the Issuer. 
The Programme has been rated A3 by Moody's Investors Service Limited ("Moody's").  
Moody's is established in the UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies as 
it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("EUWA") (the "UK CRA Regulation"). Moody's appears on the latest update of the list of registered credit 
rating agencies (as of the date of this Base Prospectus) on UK FCA's Financial Services Register. The rating 
Moody's has given to the Programme is endorsed by Moody's Deutschland GmbH, which is established in the 
EEA and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies (the "EU CRA Regulation").

--- Page 2 ---
10088329383-v79 
- ii - 
70-40753911 
 
Amounts payable under the Floating Rate Notes may be calculated by reference to one or more "benchmarks" for 
the purposes of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June, 2016 
(as amended, the "EU Benchmarks Regulation"). In this case, a statement will be included in the applicable Final 
Terms or, as the case may be, Pricing Supplement, as to whether or not the relevant administrator of the 
"benchmark" is included in ESMA's register of administrators under Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. 
The registration status of any administrator under the EU Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record and, 
save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the applicable Final Terms or, as the 
case may be, Pricing Supplement, to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. The principal risk factors that may affect 
the abilities of the Issuer and the Guarantor to fulfil their respective obligations under the Notes are discussed 
under "Risk Factors" below. 
The Notes and the guarantee thereof have not been, and will not be, registered under the United States Securities 
Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other 
jurisdiction of the United States, and Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. The Notes and 
the guarantee thereof may not be offered, sold or (in the case of Notes in bearer form) delivered within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act 
("Regulation S")) except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Arranger 
CITIGROUP 
Dealers 
CITIGROUP 
CREDIT SUISSE 
SOCIÉTÉ GÉNÉRALE  
CORPORATE & INVESTMENT 
BANKING 
UBS INVESTMENT BANK 
 
7 April 2021

--- Page 3 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 1 - 
70-40753911 
 
 
CONTENTS 
 
Page 
IMPORTANT NOTICES ............................................................................................................................................1 
OVERVIEW ..................................................................................................................................................................6 
RISK FACTORS........................................................................................................................................................ 11 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE................................................................................... 28 
FORMS OF THE NOTES ........................................................................................................................................ 30 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ................................................................................................. 35 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ..................................................................................................................................... 83 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT ................................................................................................................... 97 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM  .............. 111 
USE OF PROCEEDS .............................................................................................................................................. 114 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER ....................................................................................................................... 115 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GUARANTOR AND THE GROUP...................................................................... 116 
TAXATION .............................................................................................................................................................. 125 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE .............................................................................................................................. 130 
GENERAL INFORMATION ................................................................................................................................ 135 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS ............................................................................................................................ 140

--- Page 4 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 1 - 
70-40753911 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
Responsibility for this Base Prospectus 
Each of SGS Nederland Holding B.V. (the "Issuer") and SGS S.A. (the "Guarantor") accepts 
responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and declares that, 
to the best of its knowledge, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is, in accordance with the 
facts and the Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its import.  
Final Terms/Pricing Supplement 
Each Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes (other than in the case of Exempt Notes) will be issued on the 
terms set out herein under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (the "Conditions") as completed by a 
document specific to such Tranche called final terms (the "Final Terms"). Copies of Final Terms in relation 
to Notes to be listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange will also be published on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).  
In the case of Exempt Notes, notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in 
respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and certain other information which is applica ble to each Tranche 
will be set out in a pricing supplement document (the "Pricing Supplement"). 
Other relevant information 
This Base Prospectus must be read and construed together with any supplements hereto and with any 
information incorporated by reference herein and, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, must be read and 
construed together with the relevant Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing 
Supplement).  
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see "Information 
Incorporated by Reference"), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not 
form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor confirms that any information from third party sources has been 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by 
such third party source, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading. 
Unauthorised information 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or 
not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme 
or any information supplied by the Issuer or the Guarantor or such other information as is in the public 
domain and, if given or made, such information or representation should not be relied upon as having been 
authorised by the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of the Dealers specified in "Overview". 
Neither the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates have authorised the whole or any part of this Base 
Prospectus and none of them makes any representation or warranty or accepts any responsibility as to the 
accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus or any responsibility for the 
acts or omissions of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any other person (other than the relevant Dealer) in 
connection with the issue and offering of the Notes. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus or any 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Note shall, in any circumstances, 
create any implication that the information contained in this Base Prospectus is true subsequent to the date 
hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or 
that there has been no adverse change, or any event reasonably likely to involve any adverse change, in the 
prospects or financial or trading position of the Issuer or the Guarantor since the date thereof or, if later, the 
date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct at any time subsequent to the date on 
which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same.

--- Page 5 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 2 - 
70-40753911 
 
Notes issued as Sustainability Bonds 
None of the Dealers accepts any responsibility for any social, environmental or sustainability assessment 
of any Notes issued as Sustainability Bonds or makes any representation or warranty or assurance whether 
such Notes will meet any investor expectations or requirements regarding such "green", "sustainability" or 
similar labels. None of the Dealers is responsible for the use of proceeds for any Notes issued as 
Sustainability Bonds, nor the impact or monitoring of such use of proceeds. No representation or assurance 
is given by the Dealers as to the suitability or reliability of any opinion or certification of any third party 
made available in connection with an issue of Notes issued as Sustainability Bonds, nor is any such opinion 
or certification a recommendation by the Issuer, the Guarantor, any Dealer or any other person to buy, sell 
or hold any such Notes. In the event any such Notes are, or are intended to be, listed, or admitted to trading 
on a dedicated "green", "sustainability" or other equivalently-labelled segment of a stock exchange or 
securities market, no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Dealers or any 
other person that such listing or admission will be obtained or maintained for the lifetime of the Notes. 
Restrictions on distribution 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms or Pricing Supplement and the offering, sale 
and delivery of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession 
this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or Pricing Supplement comes are required by the Issuer, the 
Guarantor and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. For a description 
of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Notes and on the distribution of this Base Prospectus 
or any Final Terms or Pricing Supplement and other offering material relating to the Notes, see 
"Subscription and Sale". 
In particular, the Notes and the guarantee thereof have not been, and will not be, registered under the 
Securities Act or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United 
States, and Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. The Notes and the guarantee 
thereof may not be offered, sold or (in the case of Notes in bearer form) delivered within the United States 
or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S) except in certain transactions 
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act.  
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms or Pricing Supplement constitutes an offer or an invitation 
to subscribe for or purchase any Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, 
the Guarantor, the Dealers or any of them that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement should subscribe for or purchase any Notes. Each recipient of this Base Prospectus or 
any Final Terms or Pricing Supplement shall be taken to have made its own investigation and appraisal of 
the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer and the Guarantor. 
Product Governance under EU MiFID II  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of  the EU MiFID 
Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "EU MiFID Product Governance 
Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise 
neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the 
purpose of the EU MIFID Product Governance Rules.  
The Final Terms or Pricing Supplement in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "EU MiFID 
II Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which 
channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.  
Product Governance under UK MiFIR 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
product governance rules set out in the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a

--- Page 6 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 3 - 
70-40753911 
 
manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their 
respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
The Final Terms or Pricing Supplement in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR 
Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which 
channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement in respect of 
any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) 
of EU MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "EU PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation.  
IMPORTANT - UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement in respect of any 
Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means 
a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning 
of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000 (the "FSMA") to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as 
a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
Product classification pursuant to Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of 
Singapore 
The Final Terms or Pricing Supplement in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "Singapore 
Securities and Futures Act Product Classification" which will state the product classification of the Notes 
pursuant to Section 309B(1) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore (as modified or 
amended from time to time, the "SFA"). The Issuer will make a determination and provide the appropriate 
written notification to "relevant persons" in relation to each issue about the classification of the Notes being 
offered for the purposes of Section 309B(1)(a) and Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA. 
Benchmark Regulation 
Interest payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain reference rates. Any such 
reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the "EU 
Benchmark Regulation") and Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK Benchmark Regulation"). If any such reference rate does 
constitute such a benchmark, the Final Terms or, as the case may be, Pricing Supplement, will indicate 
whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators and 
benchmarks) of the EU Benchmark Regulation or the Financial Conduct Authority ("FCA") pursuant to 
article 36 of the UK Benchmark Regulation. The registration status of any administrator under the EU or 
UK Benchmark Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required by applicable law, the

--- Page 7 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 4 - 
70-40753911 
 
Issuer does not intend to update the Final Terms or, as the case may be, Pricing Supplement, to reflect any 
change in the registration status of the administrator. 
Programme limit 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding and guaranteed at any one time under the 
Programme will not exceed EUR 1,000,000,000 (and for this purpose, any Notes denominated in another 
currency shall be translated into EUR at the date of the agreement to issue such Notes) (calculated in 
accordance with the provisions of the Dealer Agreement). The maximum aggregate principal amount of 
Notes which may be outstanding and guaranteed at any one time under the Programme may be increased 
from time to time, subject to compliance with the relevant provisions of the Dealer Agreement as defined 
under "Subscription and Sale". 
Certain definitions 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified, references to a "Member State" are references to a 
Member State of the European Economic Area, references to "EUR" or "euro" are to the currency 
introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union, and as defined in 
Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) No 974/98 of 3 May 1998 on the introduction of the euro, as amended  
and references to "CHF" or "Swiss Francs" are to the lawful currency of Switzerland. 
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus may have been subject to rounding adjustments; 
accordingly, figures shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures 
shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a law 
is a reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted. 
Ratings 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, 
such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) described above or the rating(s) assigned to 
Notes already issued. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or relevant Pricing Supplement, as the case may be. Whether or not each credit rating 
applied for in relation to a relevant Tranche of Notes will be (1) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or by a credit rating agency which is 
certified under the EU CRA Regulation and/or (2) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established 
in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or by a credit rating agency which is certified 
under the UK CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. In general, 
European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not 
issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (1) 
the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided 
by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation. In 
general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is 
not issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or 
(1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is 
provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK which is certified under the UK CRA 
Regulation. 
Alternative Performance Measures   
Certain terms used in this Base Prospectus and financial measures presented in the information incorporated 
by reference are not recognised financial measures under the International Financial Reporting Standards 
("IFRS") ("Alternative Performance Measures" or "APMs") and may therefore not be considered as an 
alternative to the financial measures defined in the accounting standards in accordance with generally 
accepted accounting principles. The Group presents APMs because they believe that these and similar 
measures are used by certain investors, securities analysts and other interest parties as supplemental 
measures of performance and liquidity. The APMs may differ from company to company and therefore 
may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures of other companies. The APMs may also have

--- Page 8 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 5 - 
70-40753911 
 
limitations as analytical tools and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of the 
Group's operating results as reported under IFRS. 
For definitions and further explanations of Alternative Performance Measures, please refer to the "2020 
Full Year Alternative Performance Measures" report, as set out in "Information Incorporated by Reference".  
Stabilisation 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in the applicable 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement may over allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to 
supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. 
However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the 
date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is 
made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after 
the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the 
relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the 
relevant Stabilising Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in 
accordance with all applicable laws and rules.  
Suitability of investment 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential 
investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional 
advisers, whether it: 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits 
and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus, any relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement and any applicable 
supplement; 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its 
overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency 
for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's currency; 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets; and 
(v) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate, legal and other factors that may 
affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain 
investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each 
potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) Notes are 
legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other 
restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal 
advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable 
risk-based capital or similar rules.

--- Page 9 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 6 - 
70-40753911 
 
OVERVIEW 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety 
by, the remainder of this Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular 
Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. The Issuer and any relevant 
Dealer may agree that Notes shall be issued in a form other than that contemplated in the Terms and 
Conditions, in which event, in the case of listed Notes only and if appropriate, a new Prospectus will be 
published. 
Words and expressions defined in the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below or elsewhere in this 
Prospectus have the same meanings in this overview. 
The Issuer: 
SGS Nederland Holding B.V., a company incorporated in The 
Netherlands 
LEI: 213800U69SS972KARU16 
The Guarantor: 
SGS S.A., a company incorporated in Switzerland 
LEI: 2138007JNS19JHNA2336 
Arranger: 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Dealers: 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Credit Suisse Securities Sociedad de Valores S.A. 
Société Générale 
UBS AG London Branch 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the Dealer 
Agreement (together, the "Dealers") 
Trustee: 
Citicorp Trustee Company Limited 
Principal Paying Agent: 
Citibank N.A., London Branch 
Registrar: 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of 
which particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting 
requirements apply will 
only be issued in 
circumstances which comply with such laws, guidelines, 
regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements from time to 
time (see "Subscription and Sale") including the following 
restrictions applicable at the date of this Prospectus. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will constitute 
deposits for the purposes of the prohibition on accepting deposits 
contained in section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000 (the "FSMA") unless they are issued to a limited class 
of professional investors and have a denomination of at least 
£100,000 or its equivalent, see "Subscription and Sale". 
Programme Size:  
Up to EUR 1,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described in the Dealer Agreement) outstanding at

--- Page 10 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 7 - 
70-40753911 
 
any time. The Issuer may increase the amount of the Programme 
in accordance with the terms of the Dealer Agreement. 
Issuance in Series:  
Notes will be issued in Series. Each Series may comprise one or 
more Tranches issued on different issue dates. The Notes of 
each Series will all be subject to identical terms, except that the 
issue date and the amount of the first payment of interest may 
be different in respect of different Tranches. The Notes of each 
Tranche will also be subject to identical terms in all respects 
save that a Tranche may comprise Notes of different 
denominations. 
Distribution:  
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement 
and in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies:  
Notes may be denominated in any currency or currencies agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to any 
applicable legal or regulatory restrictions. 
Maturities:  
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum or 
maximum maturities as may be allowed or required from time 
to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any 
laws or regulations applicable to the Issuer or the relevant 
Specified Currency. 
Issue Price:  
Notes may be issued at an issue price which is at par or at a 
discount to, or premium over, par. 
Interest:  
Notes may be interest-bearing or non-interest bearing. Interest 
(if any) may accrue at a fixed rate or a floating rate or a 
combination thereof and the method of calculating interest may 
vary between the issue date and the maturity date of the relevant 
Series. 
Fixed Rate Notes:  
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on 
redemption and will be calculated on the basis of such Day 
Count Fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer. 
Floating Rate Notes:  
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined: 
 
(1) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the 
2006 ISDA Definitions (as supplemented, amended 
and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche 
of the Notes of the relevant Series (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement)) as 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc., including, if specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, the ISDA 
Benchmark Supplement; or 
 
 
(2)  
on the basis of a reference rate appearing on the agreed 
screen page of a commercial quotation service; or 
 
(3) 
(in the case of Exempt Notes) as otherwise set out in 
the applicable Pricing Supplement.

--- Page 11 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 8 - 
70-40753911 
 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of 
Floating Rate Notes. 
 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both. 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest 
Period, as agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer, will be payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will 
be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may 
be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Benchmark Replacement: 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement for a Series of Notes, then in the event that a 
Benchmark Event or Benchmark Transition Event (as 
applicable) occurs, such that any rate of interest (or any 
component part thereof) cannot be determined by reference to 
the original benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) specified 
in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, then 
(subject to certain conditions) the original benchmark or screen 
rate may be substituted with a successor, replacement or 
alternative benchmark and/or screen rate (with consequent 
amendment to the terms of such Series of Notes and the 
application of an adjustment spread, which could be positive, 
negative or zero).  
Zero Coupon Notes:  
Zero Coupon Notes may be offered and sold at a discount or 
premium to their nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
Redemption:  
The applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case 
of Exempt Notes) will indicate either that the relevant Notes 
cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than for 
taxation reasons or following an Event of Default) or that such 
Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer and/or the 
Noteholders upon giving notice to the Noteholders or the Issuer, 
as the case may be, on a date or dates specified prior to such 
stated maturity and at a price or prices and on such other terms 
as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year are subject to 
restrictions on their denomination and distribution, see 
"Certain Restrictions". 
Denomination of Notes:  
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that the 
minimum denomination of each Note will be such amount as 
may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant 
central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations 
applicable to the relevant Specified Currency, see "Certain 
Restrictions", and save that the minimum denomination of each 
Note (other than an Exempt Note) will be not lower than EUR 
100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other 
than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency on the 
relevant issue date). 
Taxation:  
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without 
deduction for or on account of withholding taxes imposed by 
any Tax Jurisdiction unless required by law, as provided in 
Condition 13(a). In the event that any such deduction is made, 
the Issuer or Guarantor (as applicable) will, save in certain

--- Page 12 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 9 - 
70-40753911 
 
limited circumstances provided in Condition 13(a), be required 
to pay additional amounts to cover the amounts so deducted. 
Status of Notes and Guarantee: 
The Notes are senior, unsubordinated, unconditional and 
(subject to the negative pledge provision as described in 
Condition 5) unsecured obligations of the Issuer. The Guarantee 
of the Notes is a senior, unsubordinated, unconditional and 
(subject to the negative pledge provision as described in 
Condition 5) unsecured obligation of the Guarantor. 
Guarantee: 
The Guarantor will unconditionally and irrevocably guarantee 
the due and punctual payment of all sums from time to time 
payable by the Issuer in respect of the Notes, on the terms set 
out in the Trust Deed. 
Negative Pledge:  
The terms of the Notes will contain a negative pledge provision 
as further described in Condition 5. 
Cross Acceleration:  
The terms of the Notes will contain a cross acceleration 
provision as further described in Condition 14(c). 
Listing and admission to trading: 
Applications have been made for Notes to be admitted during 
the period of twelve months after the date hereof to listing on 
the official list and to trading on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, 
on other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer in relation to the Series. Notes 
which are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any market 
may also be issued. 
 
The applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement will state 
whether or not the relevant Notes are to be listed and/or admitted 
to trading and, if so, on which stock exchanges and/or markets. 
Form: 
The Notes may be issued in bearer form or registered form. The 
form of any Tranche of Notes will be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. 
Rating: 
The Programme has been rated A3 by Moody's. 
 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from 
using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued 
by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided 
by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is 
provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA is 
certified under the EU CRA Regulation. 
Similarly, in general, UK regulated investors are restricted from 
using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued 
by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered 
under the UK CRA Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided 
by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but is 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is 
provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK 
which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation.

--- Page 13 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 10 - 
70-40753911 
 
Governing Law: 
The Notes, the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement and the 
Subscription Agreement, and any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection therewith, will be governed by 
English law. 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and any alternative or 
additional clearing system(s) as shall be permitted by the 
Trustee. 
United States Selling Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2. TEFRA C or D/TEFRA not 
applicable, as specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement. 
Selling Restrictions: 
See "Subscription and Sale". 
Risk Factors: 
Investing in the Notes involves risks. See "Risk Factors". 
Use of proceeds: 
The Issuer and the Guarantor will use the net proceeds from the 
issue of each Series of Notes for their general corporate 
purposes, which include making a profit, and may include 
refinancing or repayment of existing indebtedness, or as may 
otherwise be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement.  
Notes may be issued as Sustainability Bonds ("Sustainability 
Bonds") on the basis of a framework to be established by the 
Issuer and the relevant Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in 
the case of Exempt Notes) will indicate whether or not the Notes 
are intended to constitute Sustainability Bonds and will provide 
additional information in relation to the intended use of 
proceeds in respect of any Sustainability Bonds. Any use of 
proceeds in connection with an issue of Sustainability Bonds 
may be subject to third party review, as further described in the 
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement.

--- Page 14 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 11 - 
70-40753911 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Any investment in the Notes is subject to a number of risks. Prior to investing in the Notes, prospective 
investors should carefully consider risk factors associated with any investment in the Notes, the business 
of the Issuer and the Guarantor and the industries in which each of them operates together with all other 
information contained in this Base Prospectus, including, in particular the risk factors described below. 
Words and expressions defined in the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below or elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus have the same meanings in this section. 
Prospective investors should note that the risks relating to the Issuer and the Guarantor, the industries in 
which each of them operate and the Notes summarised in the section of this Base Prospectus headed 
"Overview" are the risks that the Issuer and the Guarantor believe to be the most essential to an assessment 
by a prospective investor of whether to consider an investment in the Notes. However, as the risks which 
the Issuer and the Guarantor face relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur 
in the future, prospective investors should consider not only the information on the key risks summarised 
in the section of this Base Prospectus headed "Overview" but also, among other things, the risks and 
uncertainties described below. 
The following is not an exhaustive list or explanation of all risks which investors may face when making an 
investment in the Notes and should be used as guidance only. Additional risks and uncertainties relating to 
the Issuer and the Guarantor that are not currently known to the Issuer and the Guarantor, or that either 
currently deems immaterial, may individually or cumulatively also have a material adverse effect on the 
business, prospects, results of operations and/or financial position of the Issuer and the Guarantor and, if 
any such risk should occur, the price of the Notes may decline and investors could lose all or part of their 
investment. Investors should consider carefully whether an investment in the Notes is suitable for them in 
light of the information in this Base Prospectus and their personal circumstances. 
Risks which are specific and material to the Issuer and the Guarantor and which may have a material 
effect on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes and/or the Guarantor’s ability to 
fulfil its obligations under the Guarantee of the Notes. 
RISK RELATING TO THE GROUP'S BUSINESS 
The Group's business is sensitive to global economic conditions and has been adversely impacted and 
may continue to be adversely impacted by COVID-19 
The Group's business and results are dependent on its customers, both in the public and the private sector, 
having sufficient resources to purchase services from the Group. Customers may in the future reduce their 
purchases of the Group's services due to, among other things, difficulties in obtaining credits, financial 
insecurity, budget deficits, concerns for the stability of the market in general, or overall changed global 
economic conditions, all of which may reduce or delay the purchase of the Group's services. There is a 
risk, particularly during periods of recession, that the Group's customers decrease, or are forced to 
decrease, their budgets for services which the Group provides, which would have a significant adverse 
impact on the Group's business and revenue. 
For example, the Group's business has been adversely impacted and may continue to be adversely impacted 
by the Coronavirus ("COVID-19") pandemic. Governments around the world have taken, and many are 
continuing to take, stringent steps to help contain or delay the spread of COVID-19 which has disrupted 
the global economy and is expected to continue to disrupt financial markets and the operations of businesses 
worldwide. Economic slowdowns around the world and the implementation of lockdown measures at 
different times in many countries has led to reduced demand in most of the markets in which the Group 
operates. This has impacted the Group's revenue in 2020 compared to 2019, with its total revenue declining 
to CHF 5,604 million, or 8.8 per cent. at constant currency. This is due to a combination of a disposal in 
2019 of the Petroleum Services Corporation in the USA and the impact of COVID-19. The Group's organic 
revenue, which, among other things, strips out the impact of disposals and acquisitions, declined by CHF 
0.4 billion, or 6.5 per cent. at constant currency. The Group's operating income in 2020 was also negatively 
impacted by COVID-19 when compared to 2019. 
There is a risk that the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the global economy will continue for a long 
time and this could continue to have a material negative impact on important aspects of the Group's business 
and its results and financial position.

--- Page 15 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 12 - 
70-40753911 
 
The Group operates in a changing business environment and its ability to compete effectively is 
dependent on its ability to recognise and adapt to market trends 
The Group has recently implemented the next stage of its strategic evolution with the purpose of enabling 
a better, safer and more interconnected world for employees, customers, shareholders and society. As part 
of its evolving strategy, the Group's operational structure has been simplified into six new focus areas, 
comprising four divisions (Connectivity & Products; Health & Nutrition; Industries & Environment; and 
Natural Resources) and two cross-divisional strategic units (Knowledge and Digital & Innovation). 
The market for the Group's services is characterised by technical developments, changes in industry 
standards, changes in regulatory frameworks and rapid changes in customer requirements. Current market 
trends include digital transformation, economic globalisation and increasing level of technical expertise. In 
order to compete in the current market and maintain its leadership position, the Group must be able to adapt 
its business and service offering to these market trends. 
Should the Group be unable to adapt in a timely fashion to new trends technical developments, significant 
changes in industry standards or regulatory frameworks or changing customer requirements, it may lose its 
competitive advantage market share and its revenue and profitability could be adversely affected. 
The Group's results of operations and ability to grow could be materially negatively affected if it 
cannot successfully keep pace with technological changes in the development and implementation of 
its services and solutions 
The Group's success depends on its ability to keep pace with rapid technological changes in the 
development and implementation of its services and solutions. For example, rapid changes in the use of 
artificial intelligence and robotics are having a significant impact on some of the industries it serves, and 
could have significant and unforeseen consequences for the workforce services industry and for the Group 's 
business. 
Additionally, its business is reliant on a variety of technologies, including those which support applicant 
on-boarding and tracking systems, order management, billing, payroll, and customer data analytics. There 
is a risk that the Group may not sufficiently invest in technology or industry developments, or evolve its 
business with the right strategic investments, or at sufficient speed and scale, to adapt to changes in its 
marketplace. Similarly, from time to time it makes strategic commitments to particular technologies to 
recruit, manage or analyse its workforce or support its business, and there is a risk they will be unsuccessful. 
These and similar risks could have a negative effect on the Group's services and solutions, its results of 
operations, and its ability to develop and maintain a competitive advantage in the marketplace. 
The Group operates in a highly competitive market and an increase in competition could adversely 
affect its business 
The Group operates in the testing, inspection and certification ("TIC") industry which is highly 
competitive. In many of the Group's businesses, the market is fragmented and some markets also have 
relatively low barriers to entry, which means that in these businesses the Group competes not only with 
large competitors, but also with smaller regional or local enterprises. In some markets, competitors may be 
willing to offer low prices to gain market share, or to accept lower operating margins, competing directly 
with the Group on the price for its services. 
The Group's business relies on securing and retaining a diverse range of customers. Successfully bidding 
for new contracts, and retaining or renewing contracts with existing customers, is fundamental to the 
Group's business. The Group is constantly bidding for new contracts. Its success in this regard depends on 
its ability to differentiate its offers from those of its competitors, and meet customer expectations in service 
quality and value. Further, in order to compete effectively, the Group must continue to implement new 
technology and regularly adapt and update its services to prevailing technological and digital conditions 
and trends. There is a risk that the Group could lose customers and market share if it fails to bid effectively 
or if its services fail to meet its customers' expectations in terms of quality, reliability, timeliness or 
efficiency. In a case where a Group company fails to comply with the terms of its contract, the Group may 
experience additional costs in remediating the non-compliance or damages as a result of lawsuits brought, 
either of which could be substantial.

--- Page 16 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 13 - 
70-40753911 
 
There is a risk that the Group may, as a result of any increase in competition, need to take actions such as 
making additional investments, restructuring its existing operations, exiting one or more markets or 
lowering its prices, any of which could have a negative impact on its business, revenue and profitability. 
The Group has only a limited ability to protect its thought leadership and other intellectual property, 
which is important to its success 
The Group's success depends, in part, upon its ability to protect its proprietary methodologies and other 
intellectual property including the value of its brands. Existing laws of the various countries in which the 
Group provides services or solutions may offer only limited protection. The Group relies upon a 
combination of trade secrets, confidentiality, other contractual agreements, and patent, copyright, and 
trademark laws to protect its intellectual property rights. Its intellectual property rights may not prevent 
competitors from independently developing services and solutions similar to those of the Group. Further, 
the steps the Group takes might not be adequate to prevent or deter infringement or other misappropriation 
of its intellectual property by competitors, former employees or other third parties, which could materially 
adversely affect its competitive advantage business and financial results. 
In addition, the Group cannot be certain that its services and solutions do not infringe on the intellectual 
property rights of third parties, and these third parties could claim that it or its customers are infringing 
upon the third parties' intellectual property rights. These claims could harm the Group's reputation, cause it 
to incur substantial costs (including potential litigation costs) and/or prevent it from offering some services 
or solutions in the future. 
The Group may lack the speed and agility to respond to the needs of its customers 
There is a risk that the Group may not be able to respond with sufficient speed and agility to the needs of 
its customers, which may change rapidly as their businesses evolve, or that the Group is unable to maintain 
effectively a standard level of quality of services throughout its network. The size and breadth of the Group, 
comprising approximately 89,000 employees based out of more than 2,600 offices in more than 140 
countries and territories, may make it difficult for it to manage its resources effectively and provide 
coordinated solutions to its customers who require its services in multiple locations. For example, customer 
demands for uniform services across borders may be difficult to satisfy because of variations in local laws 
and customs and availability of resources. The Group sees a trend in more multi-country and enterprise-
level relationships and it may have difficulty in profitably managing and delivering projects involving 
multiple countries. Also, the Group's size and organisational structure may make it difficult to develop and 
implement new processes and tools across the enterprise in a consistent manner. Consequently, deficiencies 
in the service delivery in one location may have adverse impacts on the Group's global customer 
relationships and reputation, and may result in a decrease in revenues and earnings, or in litigation being 
brought against the Group. If the Group is not effective at meeting the needs of its current and prospective 
customers, or its competitors are more agile or effective at doing so, the Group's business and financial 
results could be materially adversely affected. 
The Group's acquisition strategy contains inherent risks 
Acquisitions play an integral part of the Group's strategy to capture growth potential in selected industries. 
For example, in 2019 the Group acquired 11 companies and in 2020 it acquired six companies. The Group 
believes that there is a high probability of further ma terial acquisitions in the future, although there is a risk 
that the Group may not be able to carry out all desired acquisitions in the future, due to, for example, 
competition from other buyers or circumstances beyond the Group's control, including regulatory 
restrictions imposed by relevant anti-trust and competition rules which may be applicable to a proposed 
transaction. If the Group fails to carry out acquisitions in line with its strategic goals, there is a risk that the 
Group's expansion and growth may be adversely affected. 
When acquiring other companies, there is a risk that the due diligence review performed by the Group does 
not include all the information that is required in order to make an optimal decision from a financial and 
cultural perspective. There is also a risk that the acquisition agreement is not correctly designed for 
managing the risks discovered during the due diligence review. 
Furthermore, there is a risk that the integration of acquired companies may result in unforeseen operational 
difficulties and costs. Acquisitions may prove difficult to integrate due to, among other things, cultural 
differences and the technology in the acquired companies that is incompatible with the Group's or which

--- Page 17 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 14 - 
70-40753911 
 
becomes obsolete or no longer competitive. Additional risks particularly associated with acquisitions 
outside developed markets include the risk of non-compliance and business integrity issues. Another 
integration related risk is that dissatisfaction arises among the personnel of the acquired business and the 
Group's personnel, ultimately leading to key employees choosing to terminate their employment. Failing to 
integrate acquired businesses successfully within the Group, from an operational, commercial, financial 
and business integrity perspective, or the ability to retain key personnel in acquired businesses, may result 
in restructuring costs and/or impairment losses (including in respect of goodwill) and could have a 
significant negative effect on the Group's operations, results and financial position. 
There is also a risk that the Group may not be able to realise the expected benefits and synergies from a 
particular acquisition and that the future profitability of the acquired company is lower than expected. 
Furthermore, there is also a risk that the Group may not be able to satisfy the expectations from existing 
customers resulting in loss of important parts of the acquired business. Future acquisitions may also lead to 
incurrence of liabilities and contingent liabilities not foreseen at the time of the acquisition, as well as 
depreciation costs, amortisation and impairment costs related to intangible assets. If such risks were to 
materialise, this could result in a significant adverse effect on the Group's results and financial position. 
In addition, material acquisitions that require financing in excess of the Group's available cash flow from 
operations will increase the Group's indebtedness and result in higher financing costs. 
The Group conducts business in 140 countries, some of which present high level of risks 
The Group conducts business in 140 countries, some of which are subject to a high level of political or 
economic instability that could impact the Group's ability to continue to operate there. Acts of terror, war 
or civil unrest may impede the Group's ability to operate in specific countries or regions. In addition, the 
services provided by the Group relate in large part to inspection and certification of products which are 
traded internationally and its prospects depend on international trade. 
Trade restrictions, interruption or disruption of international trade or supply chains could negatively impact 
the demand for the services offered by the Group, and therefore reduce its revenues and profitability. 
International trade and economic sanctions could be imposed by the U.S. and/or other nations 
("Sanctions"); trade wars or increases in tariffs could negatively impact international or regional trade and 
thus reduce the demand for certain of the Group's services. 
In addition, the Group has operations in some countries which are or may become subject to Sanctions. The 
Group currently has operations in Iran and Myanmar, and operates through its agents in other jurisdictions 
which are subject or could become subject to interna tional trade sanctions. While the Group's operations in 
countries which are the subject of Sanctions are immaterial in the context of its overall operations and such 
operations comply with international law and Sanctions, certain investors may choose not to invest in 
companies with a presence in these countries or to divest existing investments. 
The Group depends on its ability to attract and retain large numbers of qualified staff 
The Group offers a wide range of services and operates globally. It requires large numbers of qualified sales 
people, inspectors, technicians and managers with key skills and expertise in relation to business 
development, advisory, testing, inspection and certification services. Consequently, the Group's success 
depends on its ability to attract, train and retain qualified personnel within all of these areas. The 
competition for qualified staff within all of these areas, especially with the relevant technical key skills, is 
high, and there is therefore a risk that the Group will not be able to attract and/or retain the appropriate staff 
to achieve its goals. 
If the Group fails to attract and retain qualified staff, this could negatively impact its business by impairing 
its ability to develop its services successfully, identify new business opportunities, deliver the expected 
highly qualified services and ultimately execute its strategy successfully. Accordingly, if the Group fails to 
attract and retain qualified staff, this could have an adverse effect on the development of its business and 
its growth and profitability. 
Reputational risk and damage to brand  
Reputational risk refers to the potential for damage to the Group’s reputation and/or brand as a consequence 
of errors, omissions or wilful misconduct by the Group's employees in relation to the Group's testing, 
certification and inspection activities. Any activity performed by a company of the Group or its leaders

--- Page 18 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 15 - 
70-40753911 
 
which falls short of expectations of applicable laws or standards of business defined by important opinion 
groups could result in negative publicity or disclosures. This could also result in material legal claims, loss 
of existing or new business and adverse effects on the Group's financial position and operating results. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE GROUP'S OUTSTANDING DEBT 
The Group has significant amounts of debt outstanding that could materially adversely affect its 
operating flexibility and put it at a competitive disadvantage 
As at 31 December 2020, the Group had CHF 3,253 million of loans and other financial liabilities 
outstanding, equal to 56.3 per cent. of its total liabilities as at the same date. The Group's level of debt could 
have important consequences for Noteholders, including the following: 
• 
the Group may not be able to obtain additional debt financing for future working capital, capital 
expenditures, significant acquisition opportunities, or other corporate purposes or may have to pay 
more for such financing; 
• 
borrowings under the Group's credit facilities are at a variable interest rate, making it more 
vulnerable to increases in interest rates and thereby increasing its existing costs of borrowing; and 
• 
the Group could be less able to take advantage of significant business opportunities and to react to 
changes in market or industry conditions. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor rely on dividends from subsidiaries as well as intra-group financing 
arrangements. The performance of subsidiaries of the Issuer and the Guarantor and their ability to 
distribute cash to the Issuer and the Guarantor (as applicable) may vary, negatively affecting the 
ability of the Issuer and the Guarantor to service their debts 
Since the Group conducts a significant portion of its operations through its various subsidiaries, the Group 's 
cash flow and its consequent ability to service its debt depends in part upon the earnings of its subsidiaries 
and the distribution of those earnings to the Issuer and/or the Guarantor, or upon loans or other payments 
of funds by those subsidiaries to the Issuer and/or the Guarantor or to other subsidiaries. The Issuer also 
benefits from intra-group financing and credit support arrangements from the Guarantor. The payment of 
such dividends and the making and performance of such loans, advances and credit-support arrangements 
by Group companies may be subject to legal or contractual restrictions, depend upon the earnings of those 
companies and working capital requirements, and be subject to various business considerations, including 
the ability of such Group company to pay such dividends or to enter into or perform its obligations under 
such loans, advances and other credit arrangements. 
FINANCIAL AND IT RISKS 
The Group is exposed to credit risk, particularly in relation to its trade receivables, unbilled revenue 
and work in progress and its cash balances with banks 
The Group's trade receivables and unbilled revenues and work in progress amounted to CHF 1,016 million 
as at 31 December 2020.  The Group is exposed to the risk that its customers may not be able to settle their 
obligations as agreed and that these and future balances may not be received in full. An economic downturn 
or other factors could lead to tightening credit conditions and make access to funds for the Group 's 
customers more difficult, which then could lead to delayed payments or non-settlement. Delayed payments 
would lead to an increase of days sales outstanding, thereby increasing the Group's working capital and the 
need to fund it, whereas non-settlement would result in impairment charges and eventually in a write off of 
the amounts due, negatively affecting the Group's operating result and the cash flow. 
The Group also has significant cash and cash equivalent balances, which amounted to CHF 1,766 million 
as at 31 December 2020.  All of these balances are held with banks and the Group is therefore exposed to 
the failure of any bank with which it retains significant cash balances. 
The Group depends on its IT systems and is exposed to any failure in those systems 
The operation of many of the Group's business processes depends on the uninterrupted availability of its 
information technology. This risk increases as the Group continues to invest in automation, new 
technologies and more central IT operations to monitor and manage its worldwide operations.

--- Page 19 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 16 - 
70-40753911 
 
For its day-to-day operations, the Group is dependent on well-functioning key business processes to ensure 
business continuity. Accordingly, the Group is exposed to risks related to outages and disruptions in its key 
business processes, which may be caused by, among other things, data viruses, power outages, human or 
technical errors, sabotage, weather and nature-related events, pandemics or problems due to deficient care 
and maintenance. For example, one of the Group's key business processes is a well-functioning IT 
infrastructure, which is necessary in order to sell and perform the Group's services. The requirement of a 
well-functioning IT infrastructure has increased in importance as the Group continues to invest in 
automation, new technologies and more central IT operations to monitor and manage its worldwide 
operations. Accordingly, IT attacks, errors and damage to IT systems, operational disruptions or defective 
or incorrect deliveries of IT services from the Group's IT providers that lead to extensive disruption of its 
services would adversely affect the Group's business and results. 
Further, as the Group is responsible for its customers' sensitive or confidential information (for example, 
the Group may be responsible for testing prototypes of products for customers before their release to the 
market, it may receive non-public information on exploration samples submitted by mining companies, or 
sensitive personal information pertaining to customers or third parties, collected and handled in the course 
of providing the services), the Group is particularly vulnerable to cyber security incidents such as data 
breaches, intrusions, espionage and data privacy infringements and leakage. If such cyber security incidents 
are not handled in an efficient manner, there is a risk that this would negatively affect the Group's business 
and operations as it could cause breach of customer contracts and lead to damage to the Group 's 
reputation. Although the Group has policies, security barriers and risk management processes in place that 
are designed to protect its information systems against a wide range of security threats, there can be no 
assurance that these safeguards will prevent all attacks. 
If the Group suffers a material interruption to its business processes, particularly if that interruption resulted 
in the release of confidential customer data, the Group could face regulatory action, legal liability, damage 
to its reputation, a significant reduction in revenue or increase in costs, a shutdown of its operatio ns and 
losses on its investment in affected areas, any of which could have a material adverse effect on the Group 's 
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
LEGAL RISKS 
The Group is exposed to improper business conduct by its staff and business partners and associates 
The Group operates in more than 140 countries and has in excess of 89,000 employees. Its success depends 
on its ability to maintain a strong reputation as an independent third party and its strict compliance with 
laws, ethical standards and business principles. The Group believes that its core values of integrity, 
transparency and trust are key to its ongoing success. 
The Group has implemented governance and management systems, compliance, internal control and other 
risk management systems. Nevertheless, there is a risk that these protections may not operate effectively in 
all cases or may be deliberately circumvented. Any violations of laws and business practices (such as those 
relating to the prohibition of bribery and corruption, competition laws, or international trade sanctions) 
could have a material adverse impact on the Group's activities. Any failure to prevent conflict of interests 
or comply with laws, internationally recognised ethical standards, by the Group, its staff or its business 
partners and associates could have a material adverse impact on the Group's activities. Similarly, the costs 
and reputational damage of fines and investigations by authorities into breaches of rules on business 
conduct would have negative consequences for the Group's business and profitability. 
The Group's business may be adversely impacted by litigation or claims made against it 
The Group conducts its business globally in both well-developed countries and countries that are less 
politically stable. Accordingly, the Group may be subject to a number of different disputes in a number of 
various jurisdictions. Such disputes may be based on claims from customers that the Group's services are 
inadequate and fail to deliver the level of quality, security and reliability that the customer has expected. 
There is also a risk that the Group faces disputes with third parties following delivery of its services, 
especially if the Group's services were inadequate and failed to deliver the general level of quality, security 
and reliability expected. 
The Group has in excess of 89,000 employees and as such from time to time faces labour-related disputes 
with current or former employees in relation to various matters. There is a risk that the outcome of one or

--- Page 20 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 17 - 
70-40753911 
 
more such disputes may be unfavourable for the Group and have a negative effect on it in terms of liability 
for damages and/or impaired reputation, which in turn may adversely affect the Group's business and 
results. 
Government regulations may result in the imposition of additional licensing requirements that may 
reduce the Group's future earnings 
A significant part of the Group's business is contingent on obtaining and maintaining accreditations, 
permits, licenses or other authorisations issued by public agencies or professional organisations. Most of 
these accreditations and permits are valid for defined periods of time and are subject to review, audit and 
renewals processes. A failure to obtain or renew any such accreditations or licenses, or the suspension of 
any of them, could result in business interruption and temporary or permanent loss of business. In addition, 
governments may, from time to time, introduce new licensing requirements or attach additional conditions 
to existing licenses when renewed which could make it more difficult for the Group to continue or carry on 
business in a particular country or area. 
Many of the services provided by the Group are regulated or influenced by laws and regulations. Changes 
in regulations, for example by the addition of increased reporting or quality control requirements could 
change the way the Group can conduct its business significantly. Similarly, governments may decide to 
reserve certain inspection services to public agencies, excluding the Group from certain markets. The 
Group’s activities are typically subject to regulations on safety and labelling of products, public health and 
safety, and environmental protection (including climate change).  
Changes in regulations may increase the costs of providing the Group’s services, which it may not always 
be in a position to pass on to its customers, or restrict the accessible market for such services, thereby 
negatively impacting the Group’s revenues and results. 
Risks relating to the Notes and the Guarantees of the Notes 
RISKS RELATING TO THE NOTES 
Risks related to the structure of the Notes  
The Notes and the Guarantee of the Notes will be subordinated to any present or future secured 
indebtedness or other preferred indebtedness of the Issuer or the Guarantor; no limits on indebtedness. 
The Notes are unsecured obligations of the Issuer and the Guarantee of the Notes is an unsecured obligation 
of the Guarantor. In the event of a winding-up or liquidation of the Issuer and/or the Guarantor, certain of 
their respective debts may be preferred by law. In addition, all secured assets of the Issuer and/or the 
Guarantor (as applicable) would be available for repayment of the relevant secured creditors before any 
residual such assets (if any) would be available for the payment of unsecured creditors, such as holders of 
the Notes.  
The Conditions do not prohibit the Issuer or the Guarantor from incurring future indebtedness, nor (subject 
to compliance with Condition 5 (Negative Pledge)) from granting security in respect of such indebtedness. 
To the extent that the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor were to incur any indebtedness preferred 
by law, or to secure any of its future indebtedness in circumstances where it is not also required to secure 
the Notes or the Guarantee of the Notes (as applicable), then in a winding up or liquidation of the Issuer or 
the Guarantor (as applicable), the Issuer's obligations, in respect of the Notes, and the Guarantor's 
obligations in respect of the Guarantee of the Notes, would be effectively subordinated to such preferred 
indebtedness or, to the extent of the value of the security securing secured indebtedness, such secured 
indebtedness. 
The Conditions do not place any limits on the amount of indebtedness which the Issuer and/or the Guarantor 
may incur. Any such indebtedness may reduce the amounts (if any) recovered by a Noteholder in a winding 
up or liquidation of the Issuer or the Guarantor, including where such other indebtedness ranks pari passu 
with the Issuer's obligations under the Notes or the Guarantor's obligations under the Guarantee of the Notes 
(as applicable).

--- Page 21 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 18 - 
70-40753911 
 
Insolvency and administrative laws could adversely affect the ability of investors to enforce their rights 
under the Notes 
The Issuer is incorporated under Dutch law and the Guarantor is incorporated under the laws of Switzerland. 
In the event of a bankruptcy or insolvency of the Issuer or the Guarantor, proceedings could be initiated in, 
or governed by the laws of, the Netherlands or Switzerland or in one or more other jurisdictions. 
In the context of Dutch law, the Issuer may become subject to two types of insolvency proceedings: 
suspension of payments and bankruptcy. Dutch law also contains specific provisions dealing with voidable 
preference both in and outside of bankruptcy (actio pauliana provisions). The actio pauliana provisions 
under specific circumstances grant to creditors and the receiver in bankruptcy, the right to challenge the 
validity of certain pre-insolvency transactions. 
The Guarantor is incorporated under the laws of Switzerland. Accordingly, insolvency proceedings with 
respect to the Guarantor are likely to proceed under, and to be governed primarily by, Swiss insolvency 
law. 
The Swiss insolvency laws may not be as favourable to the interests of any potential investor or Noteholders 
as those of England or another jurisdiction with which such potential investor or Noteholders may be 
familiar. These Swiss provisions afford debtors and unsecured creditors only limited protection from the 
claims of secured creditors and it may not be possible for any potential investor or other unsecured creditors 
to prevent or delay the secured creditors from enforcing their security to repay the debts due to them under 
the terms that such security was granted. 
In the context of Swiss insolvency law, a Swiss debtor may become subject to two primary types of 
insolvency proceedings: the composition procedure (NachlassvertragNachlassverfahren / sursis 
concordatair) which is in general intended to restructure a debtor's critical financial situation and enable 
the debtor to continue its business on a reorganised financial basis although it can also be used to liquidate 
the debtor; and the bankruptcy procedure (Konkurs / faillite) which is merely designed to liquidate and 
distribute the proceeds of the assets of a Swiss debtor to its creditors.  
Swiss law also contains specific provisions dealing with voidable preference (avoidance actions); in 
addition, Swiss law provides that, in the event of a bankruptcy or debt enforcement proceedings, as well as 
to enforce a foreign court judgment, creditors' claims must be converted into Swiss francs. 
Multi-jurisdictional proceedings are likely to be complex and costly for creditors and may result in 
uncertainty and delay regarding the enforcement of the rights of the Trustee and/or Noteholders. The rights 
of the Trustee and/or Noteholders may be subject to the insolvency and administrative laws of several 
jurisdictions and there can be no assurance that the Trustee and/or Noteholders will be able to enforce their 
respective rights effectively in such complex, multiple bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings and under the 
applicable insolvency laws. 
The Conditions may be modified pursuant to a restructuring plan between the Issuer or Guarantor and 
certain creditors without the consent of investors 
Where the Issuer or Guarantor encounters, or is likely to encounter, financial difficulties that are affecting, 
or will or may affect, its ability to carry on business as a going concern, it may propose a Restructuring 
Plan (a "Plan") with its creditors under Part 26A of the UK Companies Act 2006 (introduced by the 
Corporate Insolvency and Governance Act 2020) to eliminate, reduce, prevent or mitigate the effect of any 
of those financial difficulties. Should this happen, creditors whose rights are affected are organised into 
creditor classes and can vote on any such Plan (subject to being excluded from the vote by the English 
courts for having no genuine economic interest in the Issuer or Guarantor). Providing that one class of 
creditors (who would receive a payment, or have a genuine economic interest in the Issuer or Guarantor) 
has approved the Plan, and in the view of the English courts any dissenting class(es) who did not approve 
the Plan are no worse off under the Plan than they would be in the event of the "relevant alternative" (such 
as, broadly, liquidation or administration), then the English court can sanction the Plan where it would be 
a proper exercise of its discretion. A sanctioned Plan is binding on all creditors and members, regardless of 
whether they approved it. Any such sanctioned Plan in relation to the Issuer or the Guarantor may, therefore, 
adversely affect the rights of Noteholders and the price or value of their investment in the Notes, as it may 
have the effect of modifying or disapplying certain terms of the Notes (by, for example, writing down the 
principal amount of the Notes, modifying the interest payable on the Notes, the maturity date or dates on

--- Page 22 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 19 - 
70-40753911 
 
which any payments are due or substituting the Issuer) or modifying or disapplying certain terms of the 
Guarantee of the Notes or substituting the Guarantor. 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
The Issuer may have the right to redeem any Notes at its option which may limit the market value of the 
Notes concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which 
achieves a similar effective return 
The terms of the Notes may contain one or more optional redemption features, allowing the Issuer to redeem 
the Notes at its option on one or more dates and at specified prices (which may be par, another fixed amount 
or an amount to be determined by reference to one or more formulae). Such redemption rights may, but 
will not necessarily be, conditional on the existence of certain circumstances and/or subject to satisfaction 
of certain conditions. 
An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any period when the 
Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above 
the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. The Issuer 
may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the Notes. 
At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective 
interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a 
significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments 
available at that time.  
Notes with returns that are calculated with reference to a variable 
Notes may have returns that are variable as a result of the method by which the coupon is calculated or of 
the way interest is paid. The most basic example of this are Notes where the interest rate is floating, and 
therefore subject to changes as a result of movements in the prevailing interest rate. In these cases, the 
success or otherwise of the variable can impact significantly on the return under the Notes as well as the 
ability to trade the Notes on the secondary market. It should be expected that the value of the Notes and the 
secondary market for the Notes may decrease if the performance of the variable is less than anticipated. 
These risks depend on a number of inter-related factors, including economic, financial and political events 
over which the Issuer and the Guarantor have no control. 
If the Notes include a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or vice versa, 
this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate.  Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any conversion 
of the interest basis, may affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, such Notes as the change 
of interest basis may result in a lower interest return for Noteholders.  Where the Notes convert from a fixed 
rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then 
prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate.  In addition, the new 
floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. Where the Notes convert from a floating 
rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on those Notes and could affect 
the market value of an investment in the relevant Notes. 
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in response to 
changes in market interest rates. 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as zero coupon Notes) or premium to 
their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices 
for more conventional interest-bearing securities.  Generally, the longer the remaining term of such 
securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-bearing securities with 
comparable maturities. Such volatility could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on 
any such Notes. 
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates

--- Page 23 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 20 - 
70-40753911 
 
Investment in fixed rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase above 
the rate paid on the fixed rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the fixed rate Notes. 
Zero coupon Notes 
Zero coupon Notes do not provide for interest payments. They are issued at a discount to their principal 
amount or an accumulated interest basis. Instead of periodic interest payments, the difference between the 
redemption amount and the issue price constitutes interest income until maturity. A holder of a zero coupon 
Note is particularly exposed to the risk that the price of such Note falls as a result of changes in the Market 
Interest Rate. Prices of zero coupon Notes are more volatile than prices of fixed rate Notes and are likely 
to respond to a greater degree to Market Interest Rate changes than interest bearing notes with a similar 
maturity. 
Risks relating to payments under the Notes 
Proposed Amendment of Swiss Federal Withholding Tax Act 
On 3 April 2020, the Swiss Federal Council published draft legislation and opened a consultation procedure 
regarding the reform of the Swiss federal withholding tax regime. The draft legislation, if enacted in its 
current form, would replace the current debtor-based regime applicable to interest payments with a paying 
agent-based regime for Swiss withholding tax. Generally speaking, the proposed paying agent-based regime 
would (i) subject all interest payments made through paying agents in Switzerland to individuals resident 
in Switzerland to Swiss withholding tax and (ii) exempt from Swiss withholding tax interest payments to 
all other persons, including to Swiss-domiciled legal entities and foreign investors (other than for indirect 
interest payments via foreign and domestic collective investments vehicles). If such a new paying agent-
based regime were to be enacted and were to result in the deduction or withholding of Swiss withholding 
tax on any interest payments in respect of the Notes, the Noteholders would not be entitled to receive any 
additional amounts as a result of such deduction or withholding under the terms of the Notes. 
Risks related to Notes linked to "benchmarks" 
Certain benchmark rates, including LIBOR and EURIBOR, may be discontinued or reformed in the future 
- including the potential phasing-out of LIBOR after 2021. 
The London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR"), the Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") and other 
interest rate or other types of rates and indices which are deemed to be benchmarks are the subject of 
ongoing national and international regulatory discussions and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms 
are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented.  
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation") and Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (the "UK Benchmarks Regulation") apply to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input 
data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the EU and the UK, respectively. The EU 
Benchmark Regulation could have a material impact on any Notes linked to LIBOR, EURIBOR or another 
benchmark rate or index, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the benchmark are changed in 
order to comply with the terms of the EU Benchmark Regulation or UK Benchmark Regulation, and such 
changes could (amongst other things) have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level, or affecting 
the volatility of the published rate or level, of the benchmark. More broadly, any of the international, 
national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks, could 
increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a benchmark and 
complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the effect of discouraging 
market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to certain "benchmarks," trigger changes in 
the rules or methodologies used in certain "benchmarks" or lead to the discontinuance or unavailability of 
quotes of certain "benchmarks". 
As an example of such benchmark reforms, on 27 July 2017, the FCA announced that it will no longer 
persuade or compel banks to submit rates for the calculation of the LIBOR benchmark after 2021 and on 5 
March 2021 confirmed that most LIBOR tenors would cease to be published and/or cease to be 
representative of their underlying market from the end of 2021 (in the case of GBP LIBOR) or June 2023 
(in the case of USD LIBOR). Such announcements indicated that LIBOR will not continue in its current 
form. In addition, on 29 November 2017, the Bank of England and the FCA announced that, from January

--- Page 24 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 21 - 
70-40753911 
 
2018, its working group on Sterling risk-free rates has been mandated with implementing a broad-based 
transition to the Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") over the next four years across sterling bond, 
loan and derivative markets so that SONIA is established as the primary sterling interest rate benchmark 
by the end of 2021.  
As a result, there is significant regulatory scrutiny of continued use of LIBOR and other inter-bank offered 
rates and increasing pressure and momentum for banks and other financial institutions to transition relevant 
products to replacement rates. 
On 21 September 2017, the European Central Bank announced that it would be part of a new working group 
tasked with the identification and adoption of a "risk free overnight rate" which can serve as a basis for an 
alternative to current benchmarks used in a variety of financial instruments and contracts in the euro area. 
On 13 September 2018, the working group on Euro risk-free rates recommended the new Euro short-term 
rate ("€STR") as the new risk-free rate for the euro area. The €STR was published for the first time on 2 
October 2019. Although EURIBOR has been reformed in order to comply with the terms of the Benchmark 
Regulation, it remains uncertain as to how long it will continue in its current form, or whether it will be 
further reformed or replaced with €STR or an alternative benchmark. 
The elimination of LIBOR or any other benchmark, or changes in the manner of administration of any 
benchmark, could require or result in an adjustment to the interest calculation provisions of the Conditions 
(as further described in Condition 7(o) (Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser)) or Condition 7(p) 
(Benchmark Replacement (Effect of Benchmark Transition Event)), or result in adverse consequences to 
holders of any Notes linked to such benchmark (including Floating Rate Notes whose interest rates are 
linked to LIBOR, EURIBOR or any other such benchmark that is subject to reform). Furthermore, even 
prior to the implementation of any changes, uncertainty as to the nature of alternative reference rates and 
as to potential changes to such benchmark may adversely affect such benchmark during the term of the 
relevant Notes, the return on the relevant Notes and the trading market for securities (including the Notes) 
based on the same benchmark. 
The Conditions of the Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a published 
benchmark, such as LIBOR, (including any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any o ther 
successor service)) becomes unavailable or a Benchmark Event or a Benchmark Transition Event (each as 
defined in the Conditions), as applicable, otherwise occurs. Such an event may be deemed to have occurred 
prior to the issue date for a Series of Notes. Such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the rate 
of interest could be set by reference to a successor rate or an alternative rate and that such successor rate or 
alternative reference rate may be adjusted (if required) in accordance with the recommendation of a relevant 
governmental body or in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out of the replacement 
of the relevant benchmark, although the application of such adjustments to the Notes may not achieve this 
objective. Any such changes may result in the Notes performing differently (which may include payment 
of a lower interest rate) than if the original benchmark continued to apply. In certain circumstances the 
ultimate fallback of interest for a particular Interest Accrual Period may result in the rate of interest for the 
last preceding Interest Period being used. 
This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which 
was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the 
availability of successor rates and alternative reference rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser 
(as defined in the Conditions), the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant 
time. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and UK Benchmarks Regulation reforms or possible 
cessation or reform of certain reference rates in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes 
linked to or referencing a benchmark.

--- Page 25 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 22 - 
70-40753911 
 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates (including overnight rates) as reference rates 
for Floating Rate Notes 
Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates, such as the 
Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA"), the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") and the 
euro short-term rate ("€STR"), as reference rates in the capital markets for sterling, U.S. Dollar and euro 
bonds, respectively, and their adoption as an alternative to the relevant interbank offered rates. In addition, 
market participants and relevant working groups are still exploring alternative reference rates based on risk-
free rates, including various ways to produce term versions of certain risk-free rates (which seek to measure 
the market's forward expectation of an average of these reference rates over a designated term, as they are 
overnight rates) or different measures of such risk-free rates. For example, on 2 March 2020, the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York, as administrator of SOFR, began publishing the SOFR Compounded Index 
and on 3 August 2020, the Bank of England, as the administrator of SONIA, began publishing the SONIA 
Compounded Index. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk-free rates that differs significantly 
from that set out in the Conditions and used in relation to Notes that reference such risk-free rates issued 
under this Programme. The Issuer may in the future also issue Notes referencing SONIA, SONIA 
Compounded Index, SOFR, SOFR Compounded Index or €STR that differ materially in terms of interest 
determination when compared with any previous SONIA, SONIA Compounded Index, SOFR, SOFR 
Compounded Index or €STR referenced Notes issued by it under this Programme. The development of risk-
free rates for the Eurobond markets could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility, or could 
otherwise affect the market price of any Notes that reference a risk-free rate issued under this Programme 
from time to time. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of risk-free rates in the Eurobond markets may differ 
materially compared with the application and adoption of risk-free rates in other markets, such as the 
derivatives and loan markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption 
of such reference rates in the bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact any hedging or other financial 
arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes 
referencing such risk-free rates. 
The use of risk-free rates as reference rates for Eurobonds is nascent, and may be subject to change and 
development in terms of the methodology used to calculate such rates, the development of rates based on 
risk-free rates and the development and adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and trading of 
bonds referencing risk-free rates. In particular, investors should be aware that several different 
methodologies have been used in notes linked to such risk-free rates issued to date and no assurance can be 
given that any particular methodology, including the compounding formula in the terms and conditions of 
the Notes, will gain widespread market acceptance. In addition, the methodology for determining any 
overnight rate index used to determine the Rate of Interest in respect of certain Notes could change during 
the life of such Notes. 
Notes referencing risk-free rates may also have no established trading market when issued, and an 
established trading market may never develop or may not be very liquid. Market terms for debt securities 
referencing such risk-free rates, such as the spread over the index reflected in interest rate provisions, may 
evolve over time, and trading prices of such Notes may be lower than those of later-issued indexed debt 
securities as a result. Further, if the relevant risk-free rates do not prove to be widely used in securities like 
the Notes, the trading price of such Notes linked to such risk-free rates may be lower than those of Notes 
referencing indices that are more widely used. Investors in such Notes may not be able to sell such Notes 
at all or may not be able to sell such Notes at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to 
similar investments that have a developed secondary market, and may consequently suffer from increased 
pricing volatility and market risk. 
Certain administrators of risk-free rates have published hypothetical and actual historical performance data. 
Hypothetical data inherently includes assumptions, estimates and approximations and actual historical 
performance data may be limited in the case of certain risk-free rates. Investors should not rely on 
hypothetical or actual historical performance data as an indicator of the future performance of such risk-
free rates. 
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any Notes 
which reference SONIA, SONIA Compounded Index, SOFR, SOFR Compounded Index or €STR.

--- Page 26 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 23 - 
70-40753911 
 
Risk-free rates differ from interbank offered rates in a number of material respects 
Risk-free rates may differ from interbank offered rates in a number of material respects, including (without 
limitation) by being backwards-looking in most cases, calculated on a compounded or weighted average 
basis, risk-free, overnight rates and, in the case of SOFR, secured, whereas such interbank offered rates are 
generally expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term, are unsecured and include a risk-element based 
on interbank lending. As such, investors should be aware that risk-free rates may behave materially 
differently to interbank offered rates as interest reference rates for the Notes. For example, since publication 
of SOFR began on 3 April 2018, daily changes in SOFR have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily 
changes in comparable benchmarks or other market rates. 
Risk-free rates offered as alternatives to interbank offered rates also have a limited history. For that reason, 
future performance of such rates may be difficult to predict based on their limited historical performance. 
The level of such rates during the term of the Notes may bear little or no relation to historical levels. Prior 
observed patterns, if any, in the behaviour of market variables and their relation to such rates such as 
correlations, may change in the future.  
Furthermore, interest on Notes which reference a backwards-looking risk-free rate is only capable of being 
determined immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in 
Notes which reference such risk-free rates to reliably estimate the amount of interest which will be payable 
on such Notes, and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without changes to their 
IT systems, both of which could adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes. Further, in contrast to Notes 
linked to interbank offered rates, if Notes referencing backwards-looking SONIA, SOFR or €STR become 
due and payable under Condition 14 (Events of Default) or are otherwise redeemed early on a date which 
is not an Interest Payment Date, the final Rate of Interest payable in respect of such Notes shall be 
determined by reference to a shortened period ending immediately prior to the date on which the Notes 
become due and payable or are scheduled for redemption. 
Any of the administrators of SONIA, SOFR and €STR may make changes that could change the value of 
SONIA, SOFR or €STR or discontinue SONIA, SOFR or €STR respectively  
The Bank of England, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or the European Central Bank (or their 
successors) as administrators of SONIA (and SONIA Compounded Index), SOFR (and SOFR Compounded 
Index) or €STR, respectively, may make methodological or other changes that could change the value of 
these risk-free rates and/or indices, including changes related to the method by which such rates and/or 
indices are calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to calculate such rates and/or 
indices, or timing related to the publication of SONIA, SONIA Compounded Index, SOFR, SOFR 
Compounded Index or €STR. In addition, an administrator may alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or 
dissemination of SONIA, SONIA Compounded Index, SOFR, SOFR Compounded Index or €STR, in 
which case a fallback method of determining the interest rate on the Notes will apply in accordance with 
the Conditions (see "Risks related to Notes linked to "benchmarks"" above). An administrator has no 
obligation to consider the interests of Noteholders when calculating, adjusting, converting, revising or 
discontinuing any such risk-free rate. 
Risks related to the Notes generally 
Enforceability of Judgments 
The UK left the EU on 31 January 2020 ("Brexit") and the transitional period agreed in the withdrawal 
agreement expired on 31 December 2020. As a result, the Recast Brussels Regulation (Regulation (EU) 
No. 1215/2012 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 12 December 2012) has ceased to ap ply 
to the UK (and English court judgments). 
There is uncertainty concerning the enforcement of English court judgments in The Netherlands and 
Switzerland following Brexit. As no new reciprocal agreement on civil justice has been agreed, there will 
be a period of uncertainty concerning the enforcement of English court judgments in The Netherlands and 
Switzerland. As a result, there is a risk that a judgment entered against the Issuer or the Guarantor in an 
English court may not be recognised or enforceable in The Netherlands or Switzerland (respectively) as a 
matter of law without a re-trial on its merits.

--- Page 27 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 24 - 
70-40753911 
 
Modifications and Waivers 
The terms and conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider 
matters affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all 
Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders 
who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
In addition, a resolution given by way of electronic consents, or in writing and signed, by or on behalf of 
Noteholders holding or representing not less than 75 per cent. of the outstanding Notes of the relevant Series 
will take effect as if it were an Extraordinary Resolution. Such a resolution will bind all Noteholders of that 
Series, whether or not such Noteholders give their electronic consents or, as the case may be, sign the 
relevant written resolution. 
The Conditions also provide that the Trustee may, without the consent of Noteholders and without regard 
to the interests of particular Noteholders, agree to (i) any modification of, or to the waiver or authorisation 
of any breach or proposed breach of, any of the provisions of the Notes or (ii) determine without the consent 
of the Noteholders that any Event of Default or potential Event of Default shall not be treated as such or 
(iii) the substitution of the Guarantor as principal debtor under any Notes in place of the Issuer or the 
substitution of another company as principal debtor under any Notes in place of the Issuer, in the 
circumstances described in Condition 18 (Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver, Substitution). 
Notes where denominations involve integral multiples: definitive Notes 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such 
Notes may be traded in amounts that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. 
In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the 
minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may 
not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be printed) and would need 
to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If definitive Notes are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a denomination 
that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to 
trade. 
Conflicts of Interest on the part of the Determination Agent 
The Issuer may appoint a Dealer or another independent adviser, investment bank or financial institution 
of recognised standing as Determination Agent in respect of an issuance of Notes under the Base 
Prospectus. In such a case the Determination Agent is likely to be a member of an international financial 
group that is involved, in the ordinary course of its business, in a wide range of banking activities out of 
which conflicting interests may arise. Whilst such a Determination Agent will, where relevant, have 
information barriers and procedures in place to manage conflicts of interest, it may in its other banking 
activities from time to time be engaged in transactions involving an index or related derivatives which may 
affect amounts receivable by holders of the Notes during the term and on the maturity of the Notes or the 
market price, liquidity or value of the Notes and which could be deemed to be adverse to the interests of 
the holders of the Notes. 
Risks related to the market generally 
Risks related to the secondary market generally 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market does 
develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices 
that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary 
market. This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market 
risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the 
investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a 
more limited secondary market and more price vola tility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may 
have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Notes. 
The value of the Notes could be adversely affected by a change in English law or administrative practice

--- Page 28 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 25 - 
70-40753911 
 
The Conditions are based on English law in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus.  No assurance can 
be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English law or administrative 
practice after the date of this Base Prospectus and any such change could materially adversely impact the 
value of any Notes affected by it. 
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor's home currency, it will be exposed to 
movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of its holding. In addition, the imposition of 
exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving payments on those 
Notes 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes and the Guarantor will make any payments under 
the Guarantee of the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks relating to currency 
conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit 
(the "Investor's Currency") other than the Specified Currency.  These include the risk that exchange rates 
may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation 
of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may 
impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the 
Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the 
Investor's Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor's Currency 
equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer or the Guarantor to make 
payments in respect of the Notes. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, 
or no interest or principal. 
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Notes may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer, the Guarantor or the 
Notes. The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional 
factors discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at 
any time. 
Ratings may be assigned or maintained by credit rating agencies on a solicited or unsolicited basis. Any 
unsolicited credit rating will be assigned or maintained without the involvement of the Issuer or the 
Guarantor and will therefore be based on the relevant credit rating agency's views on and understanding of 
publicly available information, and will not have the benefit of information or insight provided by the Issuer 
or the Guarantor. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such 
rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation unless (i) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or 
(ii) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA which is certified under th e 
EU CRA Regulation. The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by ESMA on its website, 
www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk, in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation 
is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in such list, as there may be 
delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the 
publication of the updated ESMA list. 
Similarly, in general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if 
such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation unless (i) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but is 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or 
(ii) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK which is certified under the 
UK CRA Regulation.

--- Page 29 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 26 - 
70-40753911 
 
Risks related to Sustainability Bonds 
Notes issued as Sustainability Bonds with a specific use of proceeds, may not meet investor expectations or 
requirements 
The Final Terms or Pricing Supplement relating to a specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it is the 
Issuer's and/or the Guarantor's intention to apply an amount equal to the proceeds of those Notes for projects 
that promote climate-friendly and other environmental purposes ("Eligible Projects") in line with any 
sustainability framework that the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Group may publish from time to time. A 
prospective investor should have regard to the information set out in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement regarding such use of proceeds and, if the use of such amounts is a factor in a prospective 
investor's decision to invest in such Notes, prospective investors should consult with their legal and other 
advisers before making an investment in any such Notes to determine for itself the relevance of such 
information for the purpose of an investment in such Notes together with any other investigation it deems 
necessary.  
No assurance is given by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Arranger or the Dealers that the use of such amounts 
will satisfy any present or future investment criteria or guidelines with which an investor is required, or 
intends, to comply, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental or sustainability impact 
of any project or uses, the subject of or related to, any relevant Eligible Project.  
No formal or consensus definition of a 'sustainable' (or similar) security 
There is currently no clearly defined legal, regulatory or other definition of a "sustainability note" or market 
consensus as to what attributes are required for a particular asset or project to be classified as 'green', 
'environmental', 'sustainable', 'social' or any similar label, nor can any assurance be given that such a clear 
definition or consensus will develop over time. A basis for the determination of such a definition has been 
established in the EU with the publication of Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 18 June 2020 (the "Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation") on the establishment of 
a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the "EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy"). The EU 
Sustainable Finance Taxonomy is subject to further development by way of the implementation by the 
European Commission through delegated regulations of technical screening criteria for the environmental 
objectives set out in the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation. Accordingly, no assurance is or can be 
given by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Arranger or the Dealers that that the eligibility criteria for Eligible 
Projects will satisfy any requisite criteria determined under the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation, 
within the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy at any time or Regulation (EU) 2020/852 as it forms part of 
domestic law in the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA). 
No assurance that Eligible Sustainable Projects will be completed or meet their objectives 
Furthermore, there can be no assurance that any Eligible Projects will be completed within any specified 
period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as originally 
expected or anticipated by the Issuer or the Guarantor when making its assessment whether or not to apply 
any proceeds of Sustainability Bonds (or amounts equal thereto) to such Eligible Project. 
Accordingly, no assurance is or can be given by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Arranger or the Dealers to 
investors in Sustainability Bonds that any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Projects 
will meet any or all investor expectations regarding such 'green', 'environmental', 'sustainable', 'social' or 
other equivalently-labelled performance objectives or that any adverse environmental, green, social and/or 
other impacts will not occur during the implementation of any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, 
any Eligible Projects. 
No assurance of suitability or reliability of any second party opinion 
No representation or assurance is given as to the suitability or reliability of any opinion or certification of 
any third party made available in connection with an issue of Notes issued as Sustainability Bonds. For the 
avoidance of doubt, any such opinion or certification is not incorporated in this Base Prospectus. Any such 
opinion or certification is not a recommendation by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Arranger, the Dealers or 
any other person to buy, sell or hold any such Notes and is current only as of the date it was issued. As at 
the date of this Base Prospectus, the providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any 
specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the 
relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein.

--- Page 30 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 27 - 
70-40753911 
 
No assurance that Sustainable Notes will be admitted to trading on any dedicated sustainable (or similar) 
segment of any stock exchange or market, or that any admission obtained will be maintained 
In the event that any such Notes are listed or admitted to trading on a dedicated 'green'. 'sustainability' or 
other equivalently-labelled segment of a stock exchange or securities market, no representation or assurance 
is given by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Arranger, the Dealer or any other person that such listing or 
admission satisfies any present or future investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor is 
required, or intends, to comply. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or 
admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. No representation 
or assurance is given or made by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Arranger, the Dealer or any other person 
that any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any such Notes or that any such 
listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Notes. 
No Event of Default 
While it is the intention of the Issuer and the Guarantor to apply an amount equal to the proceeds of any 
Notes issued as Sustainability Bonds for Eligible Projects and to report on the use of proceeds or Eligible 
Projects as described in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, there is no contractual obligation 
on either of them to do so. There can be no assurance that any such Eligible Projects will be available or 
capable of being implemented in the manner anticipated and, accordingly, that the Issuer or the Guarantor 
will be able to use such amounts for such Eligible Projects as intended. In addition, there can be no 
assurance that Eligible Projects will be completed as expected or achieve the impacts or outcomes 
(environmental, social or otherwise) originally expected or anticipated. None of a failure by the Issuer or 
the Guarantor to allocate an amount equal to the proceeds of any Notes issued as Sustainability Bonds or 
to report on the use of such amounts or Eligible Projects as anticipated or a failure of a third party to issue 
(or to withdraw) an opinion or certification in connection with an issue of Sustainability Bonds or the failure 
of the Notes issued as Sustainability Bonds to meet investors' expectations requirements regarding any 
"green" or similar labels will constitute an Event of Default or breach of contract with respect to any of the 
Notes issued as Sustainability Bonds. 
A failure of the Notes issued as Sustainability Bonds to meet investor expectations or requirements as to 
their 'green', 'sustainable' or equivalent characteristics including the failure to apply an amount equal to the 
proceeds for Eligible Projects, the failure to provide, or the withdrawal of, a third party opinion or 
certification, the Notes ceasing to be listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated stock exchange or 
securities market as aforesaid or the failure by the Issuer or the Guarantor to report on the use of proceeds 
or Eligible Projects as anticipated, may have a material adverse effect on the value of such Notes and/or 
may have consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in green assets (which 
consequences may include the need to sell the Notes as a result of the Notes not falling within the investor's 
investment criteria or mandate).

--- Page 31 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 28 - 
70-40753911 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents are incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the audited consolidated financial statements (including the auditors' report thereon and notes 
thereto) of the Issuer as set out in its annual report (the "Issuer's 2020 Annual Report") (which 
contains the published audited consolidated financial statements relating to the financial position 
of the Issuer as at 31 December 2020 and its results of operation and cash flows for the year ended 
31 December 2020 and is available at:https://www.sgs.com/en/our-company/investor-relations/-
/media/64FC8DDDB033425091FA82294C266791.ashx), including the following information 
therein: 
Item 
Page(s) 
 
Consolidated income statement..................................................  
20 
 
Consolidated balance sheet .........................................................  
18-19 
 
Consolidated cash flow statement .............................................  
21 
 
Notes ...............................................................................................  
22-52 
 
(b) 
the independent auditor's report in respect of the Issuer's 2020 Annual report, which is available at: 
https://www.sgs.com/en/our-company/investor-relations/-
/media/0805EE95F3794E32A268F826B98932E7.ashx. 
(c) 
the audited consolidated financial statements (including the auditors' report thereon and notes 
thereto) of the Issuer as set out in its annual report (the "Issuer's 2019 Annual Report") (which 
contains the published audited consolidated financial statements relating to the financial position 
of the Issuer as at 31 December 2019 and its results of operation and cash flows for the year ended 
31 December 2019 and is available at: https://www.sgs.com/en/our-company/investor-relations/-
/media/E959469E1C634679A8F3DED1869145DA.ashx), including the following information 
therein: 
Item 
Page(s) 
Consolidated income statement........................................................  
20 
Consolidated balance sheet ...............................................................  
18-19 
Consolidated cash flow statement ...................................................  
21 
Notes .....................................................................................................  
22-47 
(d) 
the independent auditor's report in respect of the Issuer's 2019 Annual report, which is available at: 
https://www.sgs.com/en/our-company/investor-relations/-
/media/BA110A4874EB4FB5A7714B4A2B04BE69.ashx. 
(e) 
the audited consolidated financial statements (including the auditors' report thereon and notes 
thereto) of the Guarantor as set out in its annual report (the "Guarantor's 2020 Annual Report") 
(which contains the published audited consolidated financial statements relating to the financial 
position of the Guarantor as at 31 December 2020 and its results of operation and cash flows for 
the 
year ended 
31 
December 
2020 and is 
available at: 
https://www.sgs.com/-
/media/global/documents/financial-documents/financial-reports/2020/sgs-2020-integrated-
report.pdf ), including the following information therein: 
Item 
Page(s) 
Consolidated income statement........................................................  
126 
Consolidated statement of financial position.................................  
127 
Consolidated statement of cash flows .............................................  
128 
Audit Report ........................................................................................  
170-177 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements ...........................  
130-169 
 
(f) 
the audited consolidated financial statements (including the auditors' report thereon and notes 
thereto) of the Guarantor as set out in its annual report (the "Guarantor's 2019 Annual Report") 
(which contains the published audited consolidated financial statements relating to the financial 
position of the Guarantor as at 31 December 2019 and its results of operation and cash flows for 
the 
year ended 
31 
December 
2019 and is 
available at: 
https://www.sgs.com/-

--- Page 32 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 29 - 
70-40753911 
 
/media/global/documents/financial-documents/financial-reports/2019/sgs-2019-annual-
report.pdf), including the following information therein: 
Item 
Page(s) 
Consolidated income statement........................................................  
132 
Consolidated statement of financial position.................................  
133 
Consolidated statement of cash flows .............................................  
134 
Audit Report ........................................................................................  
174-181 
Notes to the Consolidated financial statements.............................  
136-173 
(g) 
all pages of the Guarantor’s "Full Year Alternative Performance Measures" report (the "APM 
Report") 
available 
at: 
https://www.sgs.com/-/media/global/documents/financial-
documents/financial-reports/2020/sgs-2020-full-year-results-alternative-performance-measures-
report.pdf.  
Copies of the documents specified above as containing information incorporated by reference in this Ba se 
Prospectus may be inspected, free of charge, at www.sgs.com. Any information contained in or 
incorporated by reference in any of the documents specified above which is not included in the cross-
reference list in this Base Prospectus is either not relevant to investors or is covered elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus and, for the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into this base 
prospectus, information contained on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus.  
Differences between Swiss IFRS and EU IFRS 
The historical financial information of the Guarantor included and incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus has been prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted in Switzerland and not in accordance 
with IFRS as endorsed in the European Union based on Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002.  
Switzerland has adopted IFRS in the form issued by the IASB Board. Differences between IFRS as adopted 
in Switzerland and IFRS as endorsed in the European Union are limited and include a temporary carve-out 
from IAS 39 Financial Instrument: Recognition and Measurement and a temporary extension of the scope 
of applying IFRS 9 Financial Instruments with IFRS 4 Insurance Contracts. 
These differences have no material impact on the historical financial information of the Guarantor. 
Supplements 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and the 
Guarantor and approved by the CSSF in accordance with Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
Statements contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference 
therein) shall, to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to 
supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus (or any earlier supplement) or in a document which 
is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.  
The Issuer and the Guarantor will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy 
relating to information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any 
Notes, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection 
with any subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 33 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 30 - 
70-40753911 
 
FORMS OF THE NOTES 
Any reference in this section to relevant "Final Terms" shall be deemed to be a reference to the relevant 
"Pricing Supplement" in the context of Exempt Notes. 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Notes in bearer form ("Bearer Notes") will initially be in the form of either a temporary 
global note in bearer form (the "Temporary Global Note"), without interest coupons, or a permanent 
global note in bearer form (the "Permanent Global Note"), without interest coupons, in each case as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. Each Temporary Global Note or, as the case may be, Permanent 
Global Note (each a "Global Note") which is not intended to be issued in new global note ("NGN") form, 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche 
of the Notes with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and/or 
Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") and/or any other relevant clearing system and 
each Global Note which is intended to be issued in NGN form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
will be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a common safekeeper 
for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg.  
On 13 June 2006 the European Central Bank (the "ECB") announced that Notes in NGN form are in 
compliance with the "Standards for the use of EU securities settlement systems in ESCB credit opera tions" 
of the central banking system for the euro (the "Eurosystem"), provided that certain other criteria are 
fulfilled. At the same time the ECB also announced that arrangements for Notes in NGN form will be 
offered by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as of 30 June 2006 and that debt securities in global 
bearer form issued through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg after 31 December 2006 will only be 
eligible as collateral for Eurosystem operations if the NGN form is used. 
The relevant Final Terms will indicate whether such Bearer Notes are intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Bearer Notes are to be so held does not 
necessarily mean that the Bearer Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any 
times during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. 
In the case of each Tranche of Bearer Notes, the relevant Final Terms will also specify whether United 
States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the "TEFRA C Rules") or United States Treasury 
Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the "TEFRA D Rules") are applicable in relation to the Notes or, if the 
Notes do not have a maturity of more than 365 days, that neither the TEFRA C Rules nor the TEFRA D 
Rules are applicable.  
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
a Permanent Global Note", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which 
will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests in a Permanent Global Note, without interest coupons, 
not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to 
non-U.S. beneficial ownership. No payments will be made under the Temporary Global Note unless 
exchange for interests in the Permanent Global Note is improperly withheld or refused. In addition, interest 
payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership. 
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent 
Global Note, the Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the delivery of a Permanent Global 
Note, duly authenticated and, in the case of a NGN, effectuated, to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note 
or (in the case of any subsequent exchange) an increase in the principal amount of the Permanent Global 
Note in accordance with its terms against: 
(i) 
presentation and (in the case of final exchange) presentation and surrender of the Temporary 
Global Note to or to the order of the Principal Paying Agent; and 
(ii) 
receipt by the Principal Paying Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership.

--- Page 34 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 31 - 
70-40753911 
 
within 7 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
The principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note shall be equal to the aggregate 
of the principal amounts specified in the certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership provided, however, 
that in no circumstances shall the principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note 
exceed the initial principal amount of Notes represented by the Temporary Global Note. 
The Permanent Global Note will become exchangeable, in whole but not in part only and at the request of 
the bearer of the Permanent Global Note, for Bearer Notes in definitive form ("Definitive Notes"): 
(a) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(b) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(c) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent 
Global Note", then if either of the following events occurs: 
(i) 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and each other relevant clearing system is closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or 
announces an intention permanently to cease business, without a successor or alternative 
clearing system being available; or 
(ii) 
an Event of Default (as defined in Condition 14 (Events of Default)) occurs and the Notes 
become due and payable. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with 
Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount 
equal to the principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the 
Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Trustee 
within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes" and also specifies that the TEFRA C Rules are applicable or that neither the TEFRA C 
Rules or the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary 
Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 
days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes" and also specifies that the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially 
be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for Definitive 
Notes not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as 
to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. Interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without 
such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with 
Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount 
equal to the principal amount of the Temporary Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note 
against the surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the Principal Paying Agent within 
30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange.  
Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Permanent Global Note which will be 
exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Definitive Notes: 
(a) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Term s; or

--- Page 35 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 32 - 
70-40753911 
 
(b) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(c) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent 
Global Note", then if either of the following events occurs: 
(i) 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and each other relevant clearing system is closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or 
announces an intention permanently to cease business, without a successor or alternative 
clearing system being available; or  
(ii) 
an Event of Default (as defined in Condition 14 (Events of Default)) occurs and the Notes 
become due and payable. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with 
Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount 
equal to the principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the 
Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the 
Principal Paying Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Definitive Note will be endorsed on that Note and will consist 
of the terms and conditions set out under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below and the provisions of 
the relevant Final Terms which complete those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions 
which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary of 
Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form" below. 
Legend concerning United States persons 
In the case of any Tranche of Bearer Notes having a maturity of more than 365 days, the Notes in global 
form, the Notes in definitive form and any Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto will bear a legend to 
the following effect: 
"Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United 
States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the 
Internal Revenue Code." 
Registered Notes 
Each Tranche of Notes in registered form ("Registered Notes") will be represented by either: 
(i) 
individual Note Certificates in registered form ("Individual Note Certificates"); or  
(ii) 
one or more global registered notes ("Global Registered Note(s)"). 
In a press release dated 22 October 2008, "Evolution of the custody arrangement for international debt 
securities and their eligibility in Eurosystem credit operations", the ECB announced that it has assessed the 
new holding structure and custody arrangements for registered notes which the ICSDs had designed in 
cooperation with market participants and that Notes to be held under the new structure (the "New 
Safekeeping Structure" or "NSS") would be in compliance with the "Standards for the use of EU securities 
settlement systems in ESCB credit operations" of the central banking system for the euro (the 
"Eurosystem"), subject to the conclusion of the necessary legal and contractual arrangements. The press 
release also stated that the new arrangements for Notes to be held in NSS form will be offered by Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg as of 30 June 2010 and that registered debt securities in global registered 
form issued through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg after 30 September 2010 will only be eligible 
as collateral in Eurosystem operations if the New Safekeeping Structure is used.  
The relevant Final Terms will indicate whether such Registered Notes are intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Registered Notes are to be so held does

--- Page 36 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 33 - 
70-40753911 
 
not necessarily mean that the Registered Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra -day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon 
issue or at any times during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria. 
Each Note represented by a Global Registered Note will either be: (a) in the case of a Certificate which is 
not to be held under the New Safekeeping Structure, registered in the name of a common depositary (or its 
nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and the 
relevant Global Registered Note will be deposited on or about the issue date with the common depositary; 
or (b) in the case of a Certificate to be held under the New Safekeeping Structure, be registered in the name 
of a common safekeeper (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system and the relevant Global Registered Note will be deposited on or about the issue 
date with the common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Each Note represented by a Global Registered Note will be registered in the name of a common depositary 
(or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system 
and the relevant Global Registered Note will be deposited on or about the issue date with the common 
depositary.  
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Individual Note Certificates", then the 
Notes will at all times be represented by Individual Note Certificates issued to each Noteholder in respect 
of their respective holdings. 
Global Registered Note exchangeable for Individual Note Certificates 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Global Registered Note exchangeable for 
Individual Note Certificates", then the Notes will initially be represented by one or more Global Registered 
Notes each of which will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Individua l Note Certificates: 
(i) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(iii) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the Global 
Registered Note", then: 
(a) 
if Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and each other relevant clearing system is closed 
for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or 
announces an intention permanently to cease business, without a successor or alternative 
clearing system being available; and 
(b) 
an Event of Default (as defined in Condition 14 (Events of Default)) occurs and the Notes 
become due and payable. 
Whenever a Global Registered Note is to be exchanged for Individual Note Certificates, each person having 
an interest in a Global Registered Note must provide the Registrar (through the relevant clearing system) 
with such information as the Issuer and the Registrar may require to complete and deliver Individual Note 
Certificates (including the name and address of each person in which the Notes represented by the 
Individual Note Certificates are to be registered and the principal amount of each such person's holding).  
Whenever a Global Registered Note is to be exchanged for Individual Note Certificates, the Issuer shall 
procure that Individual Note Certificates will be issued in an aggregate principal am ount equal to the 
principal amount of the Global Registered Note within five business days of the delivery, by or on behalf 
of the registered holder of the Global Registered Note to the Registrar of such information as is required to 
complete and deliver such Individual Note Certificates against the surrender of the Global Registered Note 
at the specified office of the Registrar. 
Such exchange will be effected in accordance with the provisions of the Trust Deed and the Agency 
Agreement and the regulations concerning the transfer and registration of Notes scheduled to the Agency 
Agreement and, in particular, shall be effected without charge to any holder, but against such indemnity as 
the Registrar may require in respect of any tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which may be levied or 
imposed in connection with such exchange.

--- Page 37 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 34 - 
70-40753911 
 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Individual Note Certificate will be endorsed on that Individual 
Note Certificate and will consist of the terms and conditions set out under "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes" below and the provisions of the relevant Final Terms which complete those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Global Registered Note will differ from those terms and 
conditions which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary 
of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form" below.

--- Page 38 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 35 - 
70-40753911 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, as completed by the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, will be endorsed on each Note in definitive form issued under the 
Programme. To the extent permitted by applicable law and/or regulation, the Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement in respect of any Tranche of Notes may supplement, amend or replace any information in this 
Base Prospectus.  
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions 
which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary of 
Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form" below. 
1. 
Introduction  
(a) 
Programme: SGS Nederland Holding B.V. (the "Issuer") has established a Euro Medium Term 
Note Programme (the "Programme") for the issuance of up to EUR 1,000,000,000 in aggregate 
principal amount of notes (the "Notes") guaranteed by SGS S.A. (the "Guarantor"). 
(b) 
Final Terms/Pricing Supplement: Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a 
"Series") and each Series may comprise one or more tranches (each a "Tranche") of Notes. The 
Notes may be issued in bearer form ("Bearer Notes"), or in registered form ("Registered Notes"). 
Each Tranche is the subject of: 
(i) 
for each Tranche of Notes other than Exempt Notes (as defined below), a final terms (the 
"Final Terms"); or 
(ii) 
for each Tranche of Notes which is neither admitted to trading on (1) a regulated market 
in the European Economic Area or (2) a UK regulated market as defined in Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018, nor offered in (A) the European Economic Area or (B) the United 
Kingdom in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law 
of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 or the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as the case may be ("Exempt Notes"), a pricing 
supplement (the "Pricing Supplement"), 
which (in each case) supplements these terms and conditions (the "Conditions"). References in 
these Conditions to any "Final Terms" shall be deemed to include, and should be read as, references 
to a "Pricing Supplement" in the context of Notes that are Exempt Notes. The terms and conditions 
applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes are these Conditions as supplemented, amended 
and/or replaced by the relevant Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between these 
Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Final Terms shall prevail. 
(c) 
Trust Deed: The Notes are constituted by, are subject to, and have the benefit of, a trust deed dated 
7 April 2021 (as amended or supplemented from time to time, the "Trust Deed") between the 
Issuer, the Guarantor and Citicorp Trustee Company Limited as trustee (the "Trustee", which 
expression includes all persons for the time being trustee or trustees appointed under the Trust 
Deed). 
(d) 
Agency Agreement: The Notes are the subject of an issue and paying agency agreement dated 7 
April 2021 (the "Agency Agreement") between the Issuer, the Guarantor and Citibank N.A., 
London Branch as principal paying agent (the "Principal Paying Agent", which expression 
includes any successor principal paying agent appointed from time to time in connection with the 
Notes), Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG as registrar (the "Registrar", which expression 
includes any successor registrar appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes) and the 
paying agents named therein (together with the Principal Paying Agent, the "Paying Agents", 
which expression includes any successor or additional paying agents appointed from time to time 
in connection with the Notes), the transfer agents named therein (together with the Principal Paying 
Agent, the "Transfer Agents", which expression includes any successor or additional transfer 
agents appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes) and the Trustee. In these

--- Page 39 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 36 - 
70-40753911 
 
Conditions references to the "Agents" are to the Paying Agents and the Transfer Agents and any 
reference to an "Agent" is to any one of them. 
(e) 
The Notes: All subsequent references in these Conditions to "Notes" are to the Notes which are the 
subject of the relevant Final Terms. Copies of the relevant Final Terms are available for viewing 
at the Specified Office of the Principal Paying Agent, the initial Specified Office of which is set 
out below. 
(f) 
Summaries: Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Trust Deed and the 
Agency Agreement and are subject to their detailed provisions. The Noteholders (as defined herein) 
and the holders of the related interest coupons, if any, (the "Couponholders" and the "Coupons", 
respectively) are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of the Trust Deed 
and the Agency Agreement applicable to them. Copies of the Trust Deed and the Agency 
Agreement shall on request by Noteholders during normal business hours be made available via 
email. 
2. 
Interpretation 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
"Accrual Yield" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Additional Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms;  
"Additional Financial Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Business Day" means: 
(a) 
other than in respect of Notes for which the Reference Rate is specified as SOFR in the 
relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally 
in each (if any) Additional Business Centre; and 
(ii) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in 
London, in the Principal Financial Centre of the relevant currency and in each (if 
any) Additional Business Centre; and 
(b) 
in respect of Notes for which the Reference Rate is specified as SOFR in the relevant Final 
Terms, any weekday that is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day and is not a legal 
holiday in New York and each (if any) Additional Business Centre and is not a date on 
which banking institutions in those cities are authorised or required by law or regulation 
to be closed;  
"Business Day Convention", in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the 
relevant Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different meanings 
in relation to different dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have the following 
meanings: 
(a) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed 
to the first following day that is a Business Day; 
(b) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be 
postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next 
calendar month in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business 
Day save in respect of Notes for which the Reference Rate is SOFR, for which the final 
Interest Payment Date will not be postponed and interest on that payment will not accrue 
during the period from and after the scheduled final Interest Payment Date;

--- Page 40 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 37 - 
70-40753911 
 
(c) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be brought 
forward to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(d) 
"Modified Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be 
brought forward to the first preceding day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in 
the previous calendar month, in which case that date will be postponed to the next day that 
is a Business Day; 
(e) 
"Floating Rate Convention" means that each relevant date shall be the date which 
numerically corresponds to the preceding such date in the calendar month which is the 
number of months specified in the relevant Final Terms as the Specified Period after the 
calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred provided, however, that: 
(i) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which 
any such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business 
Day in that calendar month; 
(ii) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then 
such date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day 
falls in the next calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day 
which is a Business Day; and 
(iii) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was 
a Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a 
Business Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of months after 
the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred; and 
(f) 
"No Adjustment" means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with 
any Business Day Convention;  
"Calculation Agent" means the Principal Paying Agent in the case of Floating Rate Notes only or 
such other Person specified in the relevant Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s) and/or such other amount(s) as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms;  
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Code" has the meaning given in Condition 11(d);   
"Coupon Sheet" means, in respect of a Note, a coupon sheet relating to the Note; 
"DA Selected Bond" means the government security or securities selected by the Determination 
Agent as having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the Remaining Term of the 
Notes, that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial 
practice, in determining the redemption price of corporate debt securities denominated in the same 
currency as the Notes and with a comparable remaining maturity to the Remaining Term of the 
Notes; 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time 
(the "Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or the 
relevant Final Terms and: 
(a) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
(i) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during 
which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the 
product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the 
number of Regular Periods in any year; and

--- Page 41 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 38 - 
70-40753911 
 
(ii) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Regular Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the actual 
number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular 
Periods in any year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Regular Period divided by the product of (a) the actual number of days 
in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; 
(iii) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period 
falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number 
of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided 
by 365); 
(iv) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(v) 
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(vi) 
if "30/360" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows 
Day Count Fraction =
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 
is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30";  
(vii) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;

--- Page 42 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 39 - 
70-40753911 
 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which 
case D2 will be 30; and 
(viii) 
(if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
)
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in 
which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of 
February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which 
case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period 
is calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding 
the last day of the Calculation Period; 
"Determination Agent" means an independent adviser, investment bank or financial institution of 
recognised standing selected by the Issuer; 
"Early Redemption Amount (Tax)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such 
other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms; 
"Early Termination Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other 
amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, these Conditions or the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"EURIBOR" means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the interest 
rate benchmark known as the Euro zone interbank offered rate which is calculated and published

--- Page 43 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 40 - 
70-40753911 
 
by a designated distributor in accordance with the requirements from time to time of the European 
Money Markets Institute (or any person which takes over administration of that rate); 
"Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning given in the Trust Deed;  
"Final Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other 
amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"First Interest Payment Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Gross Redemption Yield" means, with respect to a security, the gross redemption yield on such 
security, expressed as a percentage and calculated by the Determination Agent on the basis set out 
by the United Kingdom Debt Management Office in the paper "Formulae for Calculating Gilt 
Prices from Yields", page 5, Section One: Price/Yield Formulae "Conventional Gilts; Double-
dated and Undated Gilts with Assumed (or Actual) Redemption on a Quasi-Coupon 
Date"(published on 8 June 1998 and updated on 15 January 2002 and 16 March 2005, and  as 
further amended, updated, supplemented or replaced from time to time) or, if such formula does 
not reflect generally accepted market practice at the time of redemption, a gross redemption yield 
calculated in accordance with generally accepted market practice at such time as determined by 
the Determination Agent; 
"Guarantee" means, in relation to any Indebtedness of any Person, any obligation of another 
Person to pay such Indebtedness which obligation is incurred or entered into by way of guarantee, 
indemnity or similar arrangement, including (to the extent so incurred or entered into): 
(a) 
any obligation to purchase such Indebtedness; 
(b) 
any obligation to lend money, to purchase or subscribe shares or other securities or to 
purchase assets or services in order to provide funds for the payment of such Indebtedness; 
(c) 
any indemnity against the consequences of a default in the payment of such Indebtedness; 
and 
(d) 
any other agreement to be responsible for such Indebtedness;  
"Guarantee of the Notes" means the guarantee of the Notes given by the Guarantor in the Trust 
Deed; 
"Holder" and "Noteholder", in the case of Bearer Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(b) 
(Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer - Title to Bearer Notes) and, in the case of Registered 
Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(d) (Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer – Title 
to Registered Notes); 
"Indebtedness" means any indebtedness of any Person for money borrowed or raised including 
(without limitation) any indebtedness for or in respect of: 
(a) 
amounts raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility; 
(b) 
amounts raised under any note purchase facility; 
(c) 
the amount of any liability in respect of leases or hire purchase contracts which would, in 
accordance with applicable law and generally accepted accounting principles, be treated 
as finance or capital leases; 
(d) 
the amount of any liability in respect of any purchase price for assets or services the 
payment of which is deferred for a period in excess of 60 days; and 
(e) 
amounts raised under any other transaction (including, without limitation, any forward 
sale or purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing;

--- Page 44 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 41 - 
70-40753911 
 
"Interest Accrual Period" means (i) each Interest Period and (ii) any other period (if any) in 
respect of which interest is to be calculated, being the period from (and including) the first day of 
such period to (but excluding) the day on which the relevant payment of interest falls due (which, 
if the Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 14 (Events of Default), shall be 
deemed to be the date on which the Notes become due and payable); 
"Interest Amount" means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Accrual Period, the amount of 
interest payable in respect of that Note for that Interest Accrual Period; 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date as may be 
specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Determination Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Payment Date" means the First Interest Payment Date and any other date or dates 
specified as such in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the releva nt Final Terms 
and, if a Business Day Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(a) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; 
or 
(b) 
if the Business Day Convention is the Floating Rate Convention and an interva l of a 
number of calendar months is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being the Specified 
Period, each of such dates as may occur in accordance with the Floating Rate Convention 
at such Specified Period of calendar months following the Interest Comm encement Date 
(in the case of the first Interest Payment Date) or the previous Interest Payment Date (in 
any other case); 
"Interest Period" means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date; 
"ISDA Benchmarks Supplement" means the Benchmarks Supplement (as amended and updated 
as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms)) published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc;  
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as supplemented, amended and updated 
as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms)) as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
including, if specified in the relevant Final Terms, the ISDA Benchmark Supplement; 
"Issue Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"LIBOR" means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the interest rate 
benchmark known as the London interbank offered rate which is calculated and published by a 
designated distributor in accordance with the requirements from time to time of ICE Benchmark 
Administration Limited (or any other person which takes over the administration of that rate); 
"Make Whole Redemption Price" has the meaning given in Condition 9(c) (Redemption and 
Purchase - Redemption at the option of the Issuer); 
"Margin" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Material Subsidiary" means a Subsidiary of the Guarantor whose revenue (consolidated in the 
case of a Subsidiary which itself has Subsidiaries) or whose total assets represent not less than 10 
per cent. of the consolidated revenues, or as the case may be, consolidated total assets of the 
Guarantor and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, all as calculated respectively by reference to the 
then-latest financial statements (consolidated, or as the case may be, unconsolidated) of the 
Subsidiary and the then-latest audited consolidated financial statements of the Guarantor; provided 
that in the case of a Subsidiary acquired after the end of the financial period to which the then latest 
audited consolidated financial statements of the Guarantor relate for the purpose of applying each 
of the foregoing tests, the reference to the Guarantor's latest audited consolidated financial 
statements shall be deemed to be a reference to such financial statements as if such Subsidiary had

--- Page 45 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 42 - 
70-40753911 
 
been shown therein by reference to its then latest relevant financial statements, adjusted as deemed 
appropriate by the Guarantor; 
"Maturity Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Maximum Rate of Interest" for any Interest Accrual Period has the meaning given in the Final 
Terms, including any relevant margin; 
"Maximum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Minimum Rate of Interest" for any Interest Accrual Period has the meaning given in the Final 
Terms but shall never be less than zero, including any relevant margin; 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Non-Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in Condition 9(c) 
(Redemption and Purchase - Redemption at the option of the Issuer); 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Call)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or 
such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Put)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or 
such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Residual Call)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal 
amount or such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Call)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Optional Redemption Date (Put)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Payment Business Day" means: 
(a) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is: 
(i) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign 
currencies; and 
(ii) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET Settlement Day and 
a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) 
Additional Financial Centre; or 
(b) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is: 
(i) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign 
currencies; and 
(ii) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which dealings in 
foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the 
currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, 
organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal 
personality; 
"Permitted Security Interest" has the meaning given in Condition 5; 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre for 
that currency provided, however, that: 
(a) 
in relation to euro, it means the euro-zone; and

--- Page 46 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 43 - 
70-40753911 
 
(b) 
in relation to New Zealand dollars, it means Auckland; 
"Put Option Notice" means a notice which must be delivered to a Paying Agent by any Noteholder 
wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
"Put Option Receipt" means a receipt issued by a Paying Agent to a depositing Noteholder upon 
deposit of a Note with such Paying Agent by any Noteholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem 
a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
"Quotation Time" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable 
in respect of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined in 
accordance with the provisions of these Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms; 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early 
Redemption Amount (Tax), the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional Redemption 
Amount (Residual Call), the Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount, the Non-Sterling Make 
Whole Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount (Put), the Early Termination 
Amount or such other amount in the nature of a redemption amount as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
"Redemption Margin" means the figure specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Banks" means four major banks selected by the Issuer in the market that is most 
closely connected with the Reference Rate;  
"Reference Bond" means the bond specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if not so specified or 
to the extent that such Reference Bond specified in the Final Terms is no longer outstanding on the 
relevant Reference Date, the DA Selected Bond; 
"Reference Bond Price" means, with respect to any Reference Date, (i) the arithmetic average of 
the Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such date of redemption, after excluding 
the highest and lowest such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quota tions, or (ii) if fewer than 
five such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations are received, the arithmetic average of 
all such quotations; 
"Reference Bond Rate" means, with respect to any Reference Date, the rate per annum equal to 
the annual or semi-annual yield (as the case may be) for the Remaining Term or interpolated yield 
for the Remaining Term (on the relevant day count basis) of the Reference Bond, assuming a price 
for the Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the Reference 
Bond Price for such Reference Date; 
"Reference Date" means the date falling three London Business Days prior to the Optional 
Redemption Date (Call); 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer" means each of five banks selected by the Issuer 
(following, where practicable, consultation with the Determination Agent, if applicable), or their 
affiliates, which are (i) primary government securities dealers, and their respective successors, or 
(ii) market makers in pricing corporate bond issues; 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations" means, with respect to each Reference 
Government Bond Dealer and any Reference Date, the arithmetic average, as determined by the 
Determination Agent, of the bid and offered prices for the Reference Bond (expressed in each case 
as a percentage of its principal amount) at the Quotation Time on the Reference Date quoted in 
writing to the Determination Agent by such Reference Government Bond Dealer; 
"Reference Price" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Rate" means EURIBOR, LIBOR, SONIA, SOFR or €STR as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms in respect of the currency and period specified in the relevant Final Terms. Other than 
in the case of a Note for which the "Reference Rate" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as

--- Page 47 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 44 - 
70-40753911 
 
being SOFR (in which case, the provisions of Condition 7(p) (Benchmark Replacement (Effect of 
Benchmark Transition Event) will apply), the term Reference Rate shall, following the occurrence 
of a Benchmark Event under Condition 7(o) (Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser)), 
include any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and shall, if a Benchmark Event should occur 
subsequently in respect of any such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, also include any further 
Successor Rate or further Alternative Rate; 
"Regular Period" means: 
(a) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but 
excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and including 
one Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(b) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be 
paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date 
falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means 
the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(c) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest 
Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period 
from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular 
Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which any 
Interest Payment Date falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the 
irregular Interest Period; 
"Relevant Date" means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date on which 
the payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not been received 
by the Principal Paying Agent or the Trustee on or prior to such due date, the date on which (the 
full amount having been so received) notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders;  
"Relevant Financial Centre" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Relevant Indebtedness" means any Indebtedness which is in the form of or represented by any 
bond, note, debenture, debenture stock, loan stock, certificate or other similar debt instrument 
which is, or is intended by the Issuer to be, listed, quoted or traded on any stock exchange or in 
any securities market (including, without limitation, any over-the-counter market);  
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final 
Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service or 
such other information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the Person providing or 
sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable 
to the Reference Rate; 
"Relevant Time" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Remaining Term" means the term to maturity or, if a Par Redemption Date is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, to such Par Redemption Date;  
"Reserved Matter" means any proposal to change any date fixed for payment of principal or 
interest in respect of the Notes, to reduce the amount of principal or interest payable on any date 
in respect of the Notes, to alter the method of calculating the amount of any payment in respect of 
the Notes or the date for any such payment, to change the currency of any payment under the Notes 
or to change the quorum requirements relating to meetings or the majority required to pass an 
Extraordinary Resolution, all as more particularly defined in the Trust Deed; 
"Security Interest" means any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest including, 
without limitation, anything analogous to any of the foregoing under the laws of any jurisdiction; 
"Specified Currency" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 48 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 45 - 
70-40753911 
 
"Specified Denomination(s)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Specified Office" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Specified Period" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in Condition 9(c) 
(Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the option of the Issuer); 
"Subsidiary" means, in relation to any Person (the "first Person") at any particular time, any other 
Person (the "second Person"): 
(a) 
whose affairs and policies the first Person controls or has the power to control, whether 
by ownership of share capital, contract, the power to appoint or remove members of the 
governing body of the second Person or otherwise; or 
(b) 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted 
accounting principles, consolidated with those of the first Person; 
"Talon" means a talon for further Coupons; 
"TARGET2" means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer payment system or any successor thereto; 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which TARGET2 is open for the settlement of 
payments in euro; 
"Treaty" means the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended; and 
"Zero Coupon Note" means a Note specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Interpretation: In these Conditions: 
(i) 
if the Notes are Zero Coupon Notes or are Registered Notes, references to Coupons, 
Talons and Couponholders are not applicable; 
(ii) 
if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the 
time of issue, references to Coupons shall be deemed to include references to Talons; 
(iii) 
if Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the 
time of issue, references to Talons are not applicable; 
(iv) 
any reference to "principal" in respect of any Note shall be deemed to include the 
Redemption Amount of such Note, any additional amounts in respect of principal which 
may be payable in respect of such Note under Condition 13 (Taxation), any premium 
payable in respect of such Note and any other amount in the nature of principal payable 
pursuant to these Conditions in respect of such Note;  
(v) 
any reference to "interest" in respect of any Note shall be deemed to include any 
additional amounts in respect of interest which may be payable in respect of such Note 
under Condition 13 (Taxation) and any other amount in the nature of interest payable 
pursuant to these Conditions in respect of such Note; 
(vi) 
references to Notes being "outstanding" shall be construed in accordance with the Trust 
Deed;  
(vii) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) (Definitions) to have the meaning given in the 
relevant Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such meaning or specifies that 
such expression is "Not Applicable" then such expression is not applicable to the Notes; 
and 
(viii) 
any reference to the Trust Deed or the Agency Agreement shall be construed as a reference 
to the Trust Deed or the Agency Agreement, as the case may be, as amended and/or

--- Page 49 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 46 - 
70-40753911 
 
supplemented up to and including the Issue Date of the Notes (and shall include any 
subsequent amendments or supplements thereto if, but only to the extent that, such 
amendments or supplements are expressed to apply to the relevant Notes). 
3. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
(a) 
Bearer Notes: Bearer Notes are in the Specified Denomination(s) with Coupons and, if specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, Talons attached at the time of issue. In the case of a Series of Bearer 
Notes with more than one Specified Denomination, Bearer Notes of one Specified Denomination 
will not be exchangeable for Bearer Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
(b) 
Title to Bearer Notes: Title to Bearer Notes and the Coupons will pass by delivery. In the case of 
Bearer Notes, "Holder" means the holder of such Bearer Note and "Noteholder" and 
"Couponholder" shall be construed accordingly. 
(c) 
Registered Notes: Registered Notes are in the Specified Denomination(s), which may include a 
minimum denomination specified in the relevant Final Terms and higher integral multiples of a 
smaller amount specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(d) 
Title to Registered Notes: Title to Registered Notes will pass only upon registration thereof in the 
register of Noteholders maintained by the Registrar in accordance with the provisions of the 
Agency Agreement. A certificate (each, a "Note Certificate") will be issued to each Holder of 
Registered Notes in respect of its registered holding. Each Note Certificate will be numbered 
serially with an identifying number which will be recorded in the Register. In the case of Registered 
Notes, "Holder" means the person in whose name such Registered Note is for the time being 
registered in the Register (or, in the case of a joint holding, the first named thereof) and 
"Noteholder" shall be construed accordingly. 
(e) 
Ownership: The Holder of any Note or Coupon shall (except as otherwise required by law) be 
treated as its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any 
notice of ownership, trust or any other interest therein, any writing thereon or, in the case of 
Registered Notes, on the Note Certificate relating thereto (other than the endorsed form of transfer) 
or any notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) and no Person shall be liable for so treating such 
Holder. No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of any Note under the 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
(f) 
Transfers of Registered Notes: Subject to paragraphs (i) (Closed periods) and (j) (Regulations 
concerning transfers and registration) below, a Registered Note may be transferred upon surrender 
of the relevant Note Certificate, with the endorsed form of transfer duly completed, at the Specified 
Office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent, together with such evidence as the Registrar or (as 
the case may be) such Transfer Agent may reasonably require to prove the title of the transferor 
and the authority of the individuals who have executed the form of transfer; provided, however, 
that a Registered Note may not be transferred unless the principal amount of Registered Notes 
transferred and (where not all of the Registered Notes held by a Holder are being transferred) the 
principal amount of the balance of Registered Notes not transferred are Specified Denominations. 
Where not all the Registered Notes represented by the surrendered Note Certificate are the subject 
of the transfer, a new Note Certificate in respect of the balance of the Registered Notes will be 
issued to the transferor. 
(g) 
Registration and delivery of Note Certificates: Within five business days of the surrender of a Note 
Certificate in accordance with paragraph (f) (Transfers of Registered Notes) above, the Registrar 
will register the transfer in question and deliver a new Note Certificate of a like principal amount 
to the Registered Notes transferred to each relevant Holder at its Specified Office or (as the case 
may be) the Specified Office of any Transfer Agent or (at the request and risk of any such relevant 
Holder) by uninsured first class mail (airmail if overseas) to the address specified for the purpose 
by such relevant Holder. In this paragraph, "business day" means a day on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign currencies) in the city where the 
Registrar or (as the case may be) the relevant Transfer Agent has its Specified Office. 
(h) 
No charge: The transfer of a Registered Note will be effected without charge by or on behalf of 
the Issuer or the Registrar or any Transfer Agent but against such indemnity as the Registrar or (as

--- Page 50 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 47 - 
70-40753911 
 
the case may be) such Transfer Agent may require in respect of any tax or other duty of whatsoever 
nature which may be levied or imposed in connection with such transfer. 
(i) 
Closed periods: Noteholders may not require transfers to be registered during the period of 15 days 
ending on the due date for any payment of principal or interest in respect of the Registered Notes. 
(j) 
Regulations concerning transfers and registration: All transfers of Registered Notes and entries 
on the Register are subject to the detailed regulations concerning the transfer of Registered Notes 
scheduled to the Agency Agreement. The regulations may be changed by the Issuer with the prior 
written approval of the Registrar. A copy of the current regulations will be mailed (free of charge) 
by the Registrar to any Noteholder who requests in writing a copy of such regulations. 
4. 
Status and Guarantee 
(a) 
Status of the Notes: The Notes constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to 
Condition 5 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations of the Issuer which will at all times rank 
pari passu among themselves and at least pari passu with all other present and future unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer, save for such obligations as may be preferred by provisions of law that 
are both mandatory and of general application. 
(b) 
Guarantee of the Notes: The Guarantor has in the Trust Deed unconditionally and irrevocably 
guaranteed the due and punctual payment of all sums from time to time payable by the Issuer in 
respect of the Notes. This Guarantee of the Notes constitutes the direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and (subject to Condition 5 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligation of the 
Guarantor which will at all times rank at least pari passu with all other present and future unsecured 
obligations of the Guarantor, save for such obligations as may be preferred by provisions of law 
that are both mandatory and of general application. 
5. 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any Note remains outstanding, neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor shall, and the Issuer 
and the Guarantor shall procure that none of their respective Subsidiaries that are Material 
Subsidiaries will, create or permit to subsist any Security Interest (in each case other than a 
Permitted Security Interest) upon the whole or any part of its present or future undertaking, assets 
or revenues (including uncalled capital) to secure any Relevant Indebtedness or any Guarantee of 
any Relevant Indebtedness without (a) at the same time or prior thereto securing the Notes equally 
and rateably therewith to the satisfaction of the Trustee or (b) providing such other security for the 
Notes as the Trustee may in its absolute discretion consider to be not materially less beneficial to 
the interests of the Noteholders or as may be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of 
Noteholders. 
As used herein, "Permitted Security Interest" means any Security Interest securing any Relevant 
Indebtedness (or any Guarantee in respect of Relevant Indebtedness):  
(1) 
where such Security Interest was granted in respect of such Relevant Indebtedness (or 
such Guarantee in respect of Relevant Indebtedness) prior to the Issue Date of the Notes, 
or in the event that the Notes are to be consolidated with an earlier Series, the Issue Date 
of the first Tranche of such Series; or 
(2) 
 
(a) 
of any Subsidiary of the Issuer or the Guarantor acquired after the Issue Date; or 
(b) 
the obligations in respect of which are assumed by the Issuer, the Guarantor or the 
relevant Subsidiary as obligor (or, as the case may be, as guarantor or indemnifier) 
pursuant to a merger between the Issuer, the Guarantor or such Subsidiary (as the 
case may be) and a third party which had incurred the Relevant Indebtedness (or 
Guarantee in respect of Relevant Indebtedness) prior to the merger,  
so long as such Security Interest was outstanding on the date on which the relevant entity 
became a Subsidiary of the Issuer or the Guarantor, or (as the case may be) merged with 
the Issuer, the Guarantor or the relevant Subsidiary (as applicable), was not created in

--- Page 51 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 48 - 
70-40753911 
 
contemplation of such entity becoming a Subsidiary of the Issuer or the Guarantor or (as 
the case may be) merging with the Issuer, the Guarantor or the relevant Subsidiary (as 
applicable) and the principal amount of Relevant Indebtedness (or any Guarantee in 
respect of Relevant Indebtedness) so secured was not increased in contemplation of such 
entity becoming a Subsidiary of the Issuer or the Guarantor, or (as the case may be) 
merging with the Issuer, the Guarantor or the relevant Subsidiary (as applicable); or 
(3) 
where such Security Interest is granted in respect of any Relevant Indebtedness (or any 
Guarantee in respect thereof) incurred to refinance any such Relevant Indebtedness as is 
referred to under (1) or (2) above (or to refinance any such refinancing, and so on and so 
forth), provided that the amount of such Relevant Indebtedness is not thereby increased 
(save for increases as a result of any fees, break costs, hedge unwind costs or similar costs 
or expenses associated therewith), and only the same assets are secured as were secured 
by the prior Security Interest. 
6. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 6 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if the 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
at the Rate of Interest. Interest shall be payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as 
provided in Condition 11 (Payments - Bearer Notes) or, as the case may be, Condition 12 
(Payments - Registered Notes). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for 
redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the applica ble Redemption Amount is 
improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with 
this Condition 6 (both before and after judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on 
which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the 
relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Trustee has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to 
such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment).  
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any Interest 
Period shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Notes are in more than one Specified 
Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in respect of the relevant Specified 
Denomination. 
(d) 
Notes accruing interest otherwise than a Fixed Coupon Amount: This Condition 6(d) shall apply 
to Notes which are Fixed Rate Notes only where the Final Terms for such Notes specify that the 
Interest Payment Dates are subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day Convention 
specified therein. The relevant amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any Interest 
Accrual Period for such Notes shall be calculated by multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest 
and the Calculation Amount by the relevant Day Count Fraction and rounding the resultant figure 
to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards).  
(e) 
Calculation of interest amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any 
period for which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified or which is not a full Interest Period 
shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the 
product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit 
of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded 
figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of such Note divided by the Calculation 
Amount. For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the 
lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency 
and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
7. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions  
(a) 
Application: This Condition 7 (Floating Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if 
the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable.

--- Page 52 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 49 - 
70-40753911 
 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
at the Rate of Interest. Interest shall be payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as 
provided in Condition 11 (Payments - Bearer Notes) or, as the case may be, Condition 12 
(Payments - Registered Notes). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for 
redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the applicable Redemption Amount is 
improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with 
this Condition 7(b) (both before and after judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on 
which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the 
relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after notice is given to the Noteholders 
that the Principal Paying Agent or the Trustee has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up 
to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination – Term Rate:  
This Condition 7(c) shall apply if the relevant Final Terms specify both "Screen Rate 
Determination" and "Term Rate" to be applicable. 
Where this Condition 7(c) applies, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest 
Period will (subject to Condition 7(o) (Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser)) be 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, the 
Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on the Relevant 
Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(ii) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by 
the Calculation Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by reference to two rates which 
appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, where: 
(A) 
one rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the period of 
time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period; and 
(B) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the period 
of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period; 
provided, however, that if no rate is available for a period of time next shorter or, as the 
case may be, next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, then the 
Calculation Agent shall calculate the Rate of Interest at such time and by reference to such 
sources as the Issuer, in consultation with an Independent Adviser appointed by the Issuer, 
and such Independent Adviser acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, determines appropriate; 
(iii) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the 
Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(iv) 
if, in the case of (i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case of (iii) 
above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, the Relevant 
Screen Page is unavailable, the Issuer will: 
(A) 
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of the Reference 
Banks to provide a quotation of the Reference Rate at approximately the Relevant 
Time on the Interest Determination Date to prime banks in the Relevant Financial 
Centre interbank market in an amount that is representative for a single 
transaction in that market at that time; and  
(B) 
provide such quotations to the Calculation Agent who shall determine the 
arithmetic mean of such quotations; and

--- Page 53 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 50 - 
70-40753911 
 
(v) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Calculation Agent will 
determine the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the Reference Rate, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) quoted by major banks in the Principal Financial 
Centre of the Specified Currency, requested and selected by the Issuer, at approximately 
11.00 a.m. (local time in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency or, if 
the Specified Currency is euro, Central European Time) on the first day of the relevant 
Interest Period for loans in the Specified Currency to leading European banks for a period 
equal to the relevant Interest Period and in an amount that is representative for a single 
transaction in that market at that time, 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as 
the case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; provided, however, that if the Calculation 
Agent is unable to determine a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with 
the above provisions in relation to any Interest Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes 
during such Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the 
arithmetic mean last determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Condition 7(c) 
in relation to the Notes in respect of a preceding Interest Period. 
(d) 
ISDA Determination: 
This Condition 7(d) shall apply if the relevant Final Terms specify "ISDA Determination" to be 
applicable. 
Where this Condition 7(d) applies, if ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Ra te of Interest applicable 
to the Notes for each Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate 
where "ISDA Rate" in relation to any Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions) that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an 
interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that 
interest rate swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions 
and under which: 
(i) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
(ii) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is a period specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
(iii) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is either (A) if the relevant 
Floating Rate Option is based on the LIBOR for a currency, the first day of that Interest 
Period or (B) in any other case, as specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(iv) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the rate for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on 
the relevant Floating Rate Option, where: 
(A) 
one rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time 
for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period; and 
(B) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period 
of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period 
provided, however, that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter than 
the length of the relevant Interest Period or, as the case may be, next longer than the length 
of the relevant Interest Period, then the Calculation Agent shall calculate the Rate of 
Interest at such time and by reference to such sources as the Issuer, in consultation with 
an Independent Adviser appointed by the Issuer, and such Independent Adviser acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines appropriate.

--- Page 54 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 51 - 
70-40753911 
 
(e) 
Screen Rate Determination – Overnight Rate - SONIA - Non-Index Determination: 
This Condition 7(e) applies where the relevant Final Terms specifies: (1) "Screen Rate 
Determination" and "Overnight Rate" to be 'Applicable'; (2) "SONIA" as the Reference Rate; and 
(3) "Index Determination" to be 'Not Applicable'. 
(i) 
Where this Condition 7(e) applies, the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period will, 
(subject to Condition 7(o) (Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser)) and as 
provided below, be Compounded Daily SONIA with respect to such Interest Accrual 
Period plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the applicable Margin 
(if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Compounded Daily SONIA" means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the rate 
of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily Sterling overnight 
reference rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) as calculated by the 
Calculation Agent as at the relevant Interest Determination Date in accordance with the 
following formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest 
fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
[∏(1 +
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖 ×  𝑛𝑖
D
) −1
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
] ×
D
𝑑 
where: 
"d"  
is the number of calendar days in: 
(i)  
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Accrual Period; or 
(ii)  
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
"D"  
is the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no such 
number is specified, 365); 
"do"  
means: 
(i)  
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the number of London Banking Days in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the number of London Banking Days in the 
relevant Observation Period; 
"i"  
is a series of whole numbers from one to "do", each representing the relevant 
London Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London 
Banking Day in:  
(i)  
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Accrual Period; or 
(ii)  
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
"London Banking Day" means any day on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
"ni" 
for any London Banking Day "i" in the relevant Interest Accrual Period or 
Observation Period (as applicable), means the number of calendar days from (and

--- Page 55 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 52 - 
70-40753911 
 
including) such London Banking Day "i" up to (but excluding) the following 
London Banking Day; 
"Observation Period" means the period from (and including) the date falling "p" London 
Banking Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Accrual Period to (but 
excluding) the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to (A) (in the case of an Interest 
Period) the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period or (B) (in the case of any other 
Interest Accrual Period) the date on which the relevant payment of interest falls due;  
"p"  
means: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the number of London Banking Days specified as the "Lag Period" 
in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no such number is so specified, five 
London Banking Days); or 
(ii)  
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the number of London Banking Days specified as 
the "Observation Shift Period" in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no such 
number is specified, five London Banking Days); 
"SONIA reference rate" means, in respect of any London Banking Day, a reference rate 
equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") rate for such London 
Banking Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as 
then published on the Relevant Screen Page (or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, 
as otherwise published by such authorised distributors) on the London Banking Day 
immediately following such London Banking Day; and 
"SONIAi" means the SONIA reference rate for: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the London Banking Day falling "p" London Banking Days prior 
to the relevant London Banking Day "i"; or  
(ii)  
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant London Banking Day "i". 
For the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of Compounded Daily SONIA only 
compounds the SONIA Reference Rate in respect of any London Banking Day. The SONIA 
Reference Rate applied to a day that is a non-London Banking Day will be taken by applying the 
SONIA Reference Rate for the previous London Banking Day but without compounding. 
(ii) 
Subject to Condition 7(o) (Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser)), if, where any 
Rate of Interest is to be calculated pursuant to Condition 7(e)(i) above, in respect of any 
London Banking Day on which an applicable SONIA reference rate is required to be 
determined, such SONIA reference rate is not made available on the Relevant Screen Page 
or has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, then the 
SONIA reference rate in respect of such London Banking Day shall be the rate determined 
by the Calculation Agent as:  
(A) 
the sum of (i) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") prevailing at 
5.00 p.m. (London time) (or, if earlier, close of business) on such London Banking 
Day; and (ii) the mean of the spread of the SONIA reference rate to the Bank Rate 
over the previous five London Banking Days in respect of which a SONIA 
reference rate has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is 
more than one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest 
spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest 
spreads); or 
(B) 
if the Bank Rate under paragraph (ii)(A) above is not available at the relevant 
time, either (A) the SONIA reference rate published on the Relevant Screen Page 
(or otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors) for the first

--- Page 56 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 53 - 
70-40753911 
 
preceding London Banking Day in respect of which the SONIA reference rate 
was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the 
relevant authorised distributors) or (B) if this is more recent, the latest rate 
determined under paragraph (ii)(A) above, 
and, in each case, references to "SONIA reference rate" in Condition 7(e)(i) above shall 
be construed accordingly. 
(iii) 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this Condition 7(e), and without prejudice to Condition 7(o) (Benchmark 
Replacement (Independent Adviser)), the Rate of Interest shall be: 
(A) 
that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date on which the 
Rate of Interest was so determined (though substituting, where a different Margin, 
Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the last preceding 
Interest Accrual Period, the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum 
Rate of Interest (as the case may be) relating to the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period, in place of the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate 
of Interest (as applicable) relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period); 
or  
(B) 
if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of 
Interest which would have been applicable to such Series of Notes for the first 
scheduled Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in 
duration to the first scheduled Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the 
Interest Commencement Date (applying the Margin and, if applicable, any 
Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest, applicable to the 
first scheduled Interest Period), 
in each case as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(f) 
Screen Rate Determination – Overnight Rate - SONIA - Index Determination 
This Condition 7(f) applies where the applicable Final Terms specifies: (1) "Screen Rate 
Determination" and "Overnight Rate" to be 'Applicable'; (2) "SONIA" as the Reference Rate; and 
(3) "Index Determination" to be 'Applicable'. 
(i) 
Where this Condition 7(f) applies, the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period will, 
subject to Condition 7(o) (Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser)) and as 
provided below, be the Compounded Daily SONIA Rate with respect to such Interest 
Accrual Period plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the applicable 
Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Compounded Daily SONIA Rate" means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, 
the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily Sterling 
overnight reference rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) (expressed as a 
percentage and rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards) determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the screen rate or 
index for compounded daily SONIA rates administered by the administrator of the SONIA 
reference rate that is published or displayed by such administrator or other information 
service from time to time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, as further specified 
in the applicable Final Terms (the "SONIA Compounded Index") and in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Compounded Daily SONIA Rate   =    
where: 
"d"  
is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in relation to which 
SONIA Compounded IndexStart is determined to (but excluding) the day in 
relation to which SONIA Compounded IndexEnd is determined; 
d 
x 
Index
Compounded 
SONIA 
Index
Compounded 
SONIA 
Start 
End 
365 
1  
 
 
  
 
 
−

--- Page 57 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 54 - 
70-40753911 
 
"London Banking Day" means any day on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
"Relevant Number" is the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (or, if 
no such number is specified, five); 
"SONIA Compounded IndexStart" means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the 
SONIA Compounded Index determined in relation to the day falling the Relevant Number 
of London Banking Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period; and 
"SONIA Compounded IndexEnd" means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the 
SONIA Compounded Index determined in relation to the day falling the Relevant Number 
of London Banking Days prior to (A) the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Accrual 
Period, or (B) such other date on which the relevant payment of interest falls due (but 
which by its definition or the operation of the relevant provisions is excluded from such 
Interest Accrual Period).  
(ii) 
If the relevant SONIA Compounded Index is not published or displayed by the 
administrator of the SONIA reference rate or other information service by 5.00 p.m. 
(London time) (or, if later, by the time falling one hour after the customary or scheduled 
time for publication thereof in accordance with the then-prevailing operational procedures 
of the administrator of the SONIA reference rate or of such other information service, as 
the case may be) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Compounded Daily 
SONIA Rate for the applicable Interest Accrual Period for which the SONIA Compounded 
Index is not available shall be deemed to be the "Compounded Daily SONIA" rate 
determined in accordance with Condition 7(e) above as if "Index Determination" were 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 'Not Applicable', and for these purposes: 
(i) the "Observation Method" shall be deemed to be "Observation Shift" and (ii) the 
"Observation Shift Period" shall be deemed to be equal to the Relevant Number of London 
Banking Days, as if those alternative elections had been made in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
(g) 
Screen Rate Determination – Overnight Rate – SOFR – Non-Index Determination 
This Condition 7(g) applies where the applicable Final Terms specifies: (1) "Screen Rate 
Determination" and "Overnight Rate" to be 'Applicable'; (2) "SOFR" as the Reference Rate; and 
(3) "Index Determination" to be 'Not Applicable'. 
(i) 
Where this Condition 7(g) applies, the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period will, 
subject to Condition 7(p) (Benchmark Replacement (Effect of Benchmark Transition 
Event)) and as provided below, be Compounded Daily SOFR with respect to such Interest 
Accrual Period plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the applicable 
Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Compounded Daily SOFR" means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the rate 
of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily U.S. dollars secured 
overnight financing rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) as calculated by 
the Calculation Agent as at the relevant Interest Determination Date in accordance with 
the following formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the 
nearest fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
[∏(1 +
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅i   × ni
𝐷
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖 = 1
−1] ×
D
𝑑 
where: 
"d" 
is the number of calendar days in: 
(i)  
where "Lag" or "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Interest Accrual Period; or

--- Page 58 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 55 - 
70-40753911 
 
(ii)  
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
"D"  
is the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no such 
number is specified, 360); 
"do"  
means: 
(i)  
where "Lag" or "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
"i" 
is a series of whole numbers from one to "do", each representing the relevant 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in:  
(i)  
where "Lag" or "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Interest Accrual Period; or 
(ii)  
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
"Lock-out Period" means the period from (and including) the day following the Interest 
Determination Date to (but excluding) the corresponding Interest Payment Date; 
"New York Fed's Website" means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York 
(or a successor administrator of SOFR) or any successor source; 
"ni"  
for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i", means the number of 
calendar days from (and including) such U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day "i" up to (but excluding) the following U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day; 
"Observation Period" means the period from (and including) the date falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period to (but excluding) the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
prior to (A) (in the case of an Interest Period) the Interest Payment Date for such Interest 
Period or (B) (in the case of any other Interest Accrual Period) the date on which the 
relevant payment of interest falls due; 
"p" 
means: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
specified as the "Lag Period" in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no such 
number is so specified, five U.S. Government Securities Business Days);  
(ii) 
where "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, zero U.S. Government Securities Business Days; or  
(iii)  where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days specified as the "Observation Shift Period" in the 
applicable Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified, five U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days);

--- Page 59 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 56 - 
70-40753911 
 
"Reference Day" means each U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period, other than any U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the 
Lock-out Period; 
"SOFR" in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, is a reference rate 
equal to the daily secured overnight financing rate as provided by the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York, as the administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of 
such rate) on the New York Fed's Website, in each case at or around 3.00 p.m. (New York 
City time) on the U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately following such 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day; 
"SOFRi" means the SOFR for: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling "p" 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day "i";  
(ii) 
where "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
(I) 
in respect of each U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" that 
is a Reference Day, the SOFR in respect of the U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day immediately preceding such Reference 
Day; or 
(II) 
in respect of each U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" that 
is not a Reference Day (being a U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day in the Lock-out Period), the SOFR in respect of the 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately preceding 
the last Reference Day of the relevant Interest Accrual Period (such 
last Reference Day coinciding with the Interest Determination 
Date); or  
(iii)  where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day "i"; and 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for a Saturday, 
Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association 
recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day 
for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
(ii) 
Subject to Condition 7(p) (Benchmark Replacement (Effect of Benchmark Transition 
Event)), if, where any Rate of Interest is to be calculated pursuant to Condition 7(g)(i) 
above, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day in respect of which an 
applicable SOFR is required to be determined, such SOFR is not available, such SOFR 
shall be the SOFR for the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day in 
respect of which the SOFR was published on the New York Fed's Website. 
(iii) 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this Condition 7(g) but without prejudice to Condition 7(p) (Benchmark 
Replacement (Effect of Benchmark Transition Event)), the Rate of Interest shall be 
calculated in accordance, mutatis mutandis, with the provisions of Conditions 7(e)(iii)(A) 
and (B). 
(h) 
Screen Rate Determination – Overnight Rate - SOFR - Index Determination 
This Condition 7(h) applies where the applicable Final Terms specifies: (1) "Screen Rate 
Determination" and "Overnight Rate" to be 'Applicable'; (2) "SOFR" as the Reference Rate; and 
(3) "Index Determination" to be 'Applicable'.

--- Page 60 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 57 - 
70-40753911 
 
(i) 
Where this Condition 7(h) applies, the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period will, 
subject to Condition 7(p) (Benchmark Replacement (Effect of Benchmark Transition 
Event)) and as provided below, be the Compounded SOFR with respect to such Interest 
Accrual Period plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the applicable 
Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Compounded SOFR" means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the rate 
(expressed as a percentage and rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
 
where: 
"dc" 
is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in relation to which 
SOFR IndexStart is determined to (but excluding) the day in relation to which 
SOFR IndexEnd is determined;  
"Relevant Number" is the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (or, if 
no such number is specified, five); 
"SOFR"  means the daily secured overnight financing rate as provided by the SOFR 
Administrator on the SOFR Administrator's Website; 
"SOFR Administrator" means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor 
administrator of SOFR); 
"SOFR Administrator's Website" means the website of the SOFR Administrator, or any 
successor source; 
"SOFR Index", with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, means the 
SOFR index value as published by the SOFR Administrator as such index appears on the 
SOFR Administrator's Website at or around 3.00 p.m. (New York time) on such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day (the "SOFR Determination Time"); 
"SOFR IndexStart", with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, is the SOFR Index value 
for the day which is the Relevant Number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
preceding the first day of such Interest Accrual Period; 
"SOFR IndexEnd", with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, is the SOFR Index value for 
the day which is the Relevant Number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
preceding (A) the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Accrual Period, or (B) such other 
date on which the relevant payment of interest falls due (but which by its definition or the 
operation of the relevant provisions is excluded from such Interest Accrual Period); and 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for a Saturday, 
Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association 
recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day 
for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
(ii) 
If, as at any relevant SOFR Determination Time, the relevant SOFR Index is not published 
or displayed on the SOFR Administrator's Website by the SOFR Administrator, the 
Compounded SOFR for the applicable Interest Accrual Period for which the relevant 
SOFR Index is not available shall be deemed to be the "Compounded Daily SOFR" rate 
determined in accordance with Condition 7(g) above as if "Index Determination" were 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 'Not Applicable', and for these purposes: 
(i) the "Observation Method" shall be deemed to be "Observation Shift" and (ii) the 
"Observation Shift Period" shall be deemed to be equal to the Relevant Number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days, as if such alternative elections had been made in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
dc
x
Index 
SOFR
Index 
SOFR
Start
End 
360
1 


  
 
 
−

--- Page 61 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 58 - 
70-40753911 
 
(i) 
Screen Rate Determination – Overnight Rate - €STR – Non-Index Determination 
This Condition 7(i) applies where the applicable Final Terms specifies: (1) "Screen Rate 
Determination" and "Overnight Rate" to be 'Applicable'; (2) "€STR" as the Reference Rate; and (3) 
"Index Determination" to be 'Not Applicable'. 
(i) 
Where this Condition 7(i) applies, the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period will, 
subject to Condition 7(o) (Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser)) and as 
provided below, be Compounded Daily €STR with respect to such Interest Accrual Period 
plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the applicable Margin (if any), 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Compounded Daily €STR" means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the rate 
of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily euro short-term rate as 
reference rate for the calculation of interest) as calculated by the Calculation Agent as at 
the relevant Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following formula (and 
the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest fifth decimal place, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
[∏(1 +
€STR𝑖 ×  𝑛𝑖
D
) −1
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
] ×
D
𝑑 
where: 
the "€STR reference rate", in respect of any TARGET Business Day, is a 
reference rate equal to the daily euro short-term rate ("€STR") for such TARGET 
Business Day as provided by the European Central Bank as the administrator of 
€STR (or any successor administrator of such rate) on the website of the European 
Central Bank (or, if no longer published on its website, as otherwise published by 
it or provided by it to authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant 
Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published 
by such authorised distributors) on the TARGET Business Day immediately 
following such TARGET Business Day (in each case, at the time specified by, or 
determined in accordance with, the applicable methodology, policies or 
guidelines, of the European Central Bank or the successor administrator of such 
rate); 
"€STRi" means the €STR reference rate for: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the TARGET Business Day falling "p" TARGET Business 
Days prior to the relevant TARGET Business Day "i"; or 
(ii)  
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant TARGET Business Day "i". 
"d"  
is the number of calendar days in: 
(i)  
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Interest Accrual Period; or 
(ii)  
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation 
Period;

--- Page 62 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 59 - 
70-40753911 
 
"D"  
is the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no 
such number is specified, 360); 
"do" 
means: 
(i)  
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the number of TARGET Business Days 
in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms, the number of TARGET 
Business Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
"i"  
is a series of whole numbers from one to "do", each representing the 
relevant TARGET Business Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first TARGET Business Day in: 
(i)  
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Interest Accrual Period; or 
(ii)  
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation 
Period; 
"ni"  
for any TARGET Business Day "i", means the number of calendar days 
from (and including) such TARGET Business Day "i" up to (but 
excluding) the following TARGET Business Day; 
"Observation Period" means the period from (and including) the date falling "p" 
TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period to (but excluding) the date falling "p" TARGET Business Days prior to 
(A) (in the case of an Interest Period) the Interest Payment Date for such Interest 
Period or (B) (in the case of any other Interest Accrual Period) the date on which 
the relevant payment of interest falls due; 
"p"  
means: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the number of TARGET Business Days 
specified as the "Lag Period" in the applicable Final Terms (or, 
if no such number is so specified, five TARGET Business Days); 
or 
(ii)  
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms, the number of TARGET 
Business Days specified as the "Observation Shift Period" in the 
applicable Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified, five 
TARGET Business Days); and 
"TARGET Business Day" means any day on which TARGET2 is open. 
(ii) 
Subject to Condition 7(o) (Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser)), if, where any 
Rate of Interest is to be calculated pursuant to Condition 7(i)(i) above, in respect of any 
TARGET Business Day in respect of which an applicable €STR reference rate is required 
to be determined, such €STR reference rate is not made available on the Relevant Screen 
Page or has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, then the 
€STR reference rate in respect of such TARGET Business Day shall be the €STR 
reference rate for the first preceding TARGET Business Day in respect of which €STR 
reference rate was published by the European Central Bank on its website, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 63 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 60 - 
70-40753911 
 
(iii) 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this Condition 7(i) but without prejudice to Condition 7(o) (Benchmark 
Replacement (Independent Adviser)), the Rate of Interest shall be calculated in 
accordance, mutatis mutandis, with the provisions of Conditions 7(e)(iii)(A) and (B). 
(j) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable to one or more Interest Periods 
(or, if no particular Interest Periods are specified, generally), then: 
(i) 
if a Rate of Interest determined in accordance with this Condition 7 in respect of any 
relevant Interest Period (or an Interest Accrual Period falling within such Interest Period) 
would otherwise be greater than the Maximum Rate of Interest applicable to such Interest 
Period, the Rate of Interest in respect of that Interest Period (or, as the case may be, that 
Interest Accrual Period) will be equal to such Maximum Rate of Interest; and 
(ii) 
if a Rate of Interest determined in accordance with this Condition 7 in respect of any 
relevant Interest Period (or an Interest Accrual Period falling within such Interest Period) 
would otherwise be less than the Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to such Interest 
Period, the Rate of Interest in respect of that Interest Period (or, as the case may be, that 
Interest Accrual Period) will be equal to such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
(k) 
Calculation of Interest Amount: The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time 
at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each Interest Period or any other 
Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Interest Amount payable in respect of each Note for such 
Interest Period or, as the case may be, such other Interest Accrual Period. The Interest Amount will 
be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period or, as the case may be, such 
other Interest Accrual Period to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant 
Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency 
(half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal 
to the Specified Denomination of the relevant Note divided by the Calculation Amount. For this 
purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, 
means one cent.  
(l) 
Publication: The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
determined by it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Da te, and any other amount(s) 
required to be determined by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the 
Paying Agents and each competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by 
which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation as soon as practicable 
after such determination. Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the Noteholders. The 
Calculation Agent will be entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount and, if applicable, Rate of 
Interest (on the basis of the foregoing provisions) without notice in the event of an extension or 
shortening of the relevant Interest Period (or if the relevant payment of interest becomes due prior 
to the scheduled Interest Payment Date). If the Calculation Amount is less than the minimum 
Specified Denomination the Calculation Agent shall not be obliged to publish each Interest 
Amount but instead may publish only the Calculation Amount and the Interest Amount in respect 
of a Note having the minimum Specified Denomination.  
(m) 
Notifications etc: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations 
and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 7 by the 
Calculation Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Guarantor, 
the Paying Agents, the Trustee, the Noteholders and the Couponholders and (subject as aforesaid) 
no liability to any such Person will attach to the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise 
or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions for such purposes. 
(n) 
Determination of Rate of Interest following acceleration: If (i) the Notes become due and payable 
in accordance with Condition 14 (Events of Default) and (ii) the Rate of Interest for the Interest 
Period during which the Notes become due and payable is to be determined by reference to any of 
Conditions 7(e), 7(f), 7(g), 7(h) and 7(i), then the final Rate of Interest for the Notes shall be 
calculated for the Interest Accrual Period to (but excluding) the date on which the Notes become

--- Page 64 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 61 - 
70-40753911 
 
so due and payable, and such Rate of Interest shall continue to apply to the Notes for so long as 
interest continues to accrue thereon as provided in the Trust Deed. 
(o) 
Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser): 
This Condition 7(o) (Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser)) shall not apply to Notes for 
which the Reference Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "SOFR", in respect of 
which the benchmark discontinuation provisions of Condition 7(p) (Benchmark Replacement 
(Effect of Benchmark Transition Event)) will apply. 
(i) 
If the Issuer has determined that a Benchmark Event has occurred in relation to the 
Reference Rate when the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) for any Interest 
Period remains to be determined by reference to such Reference Rate (including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, if the Issuer determines that the Benchmark Event occurred prior to 
the Issue Date of the Notes), then the Issuer shall notify the Calculation Agent and use its 
reasonable endeavours to select and appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as 
reasonably practicable, to determine, no later than ten Business Days prior to the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate, and, in 
either case, an Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark Amendments (all in accordance 
with this Condition 7(o).  
(ii) 
In the absence of bad faith or fraud, none of the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Independent 
Adviser shall have any liability whatsoever to any person (including the Issuer, the 
Guarantor, the Trustee, the Agents or the Noteholders or Couponholders) for any 
determination made by it pursuant to this Condition 7(o) and the Trustee will not be liable 
for any loss, liability, cost, charge or expense which may arise as a result thereof.  
(iii) 
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or (ii) the Independent Adviser 
appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate, 
and (in either case) an Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark Amendments in accordance 
with this Condition 7(o) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the fallback 
provisions provided in Condition 7(c), 7(d), 7(e), 7(f), 7(g), 7(h) or 7(i), as applicable, will 
continue to apply to the corresponding Interest Period. Any subsequent Interest Period 
may be subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 7(o)). 
(iv) 
If the Independent Adviser determines in its discretion and notifies the Calculation Agent 
prior to the date which is five Business Days prior to the next relevant Interest 
Determination Date that:  
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment 
by the Adjustment Spread) subsequently be used in place of the Reference Rate 
to determine the Rate of Interest for the immediately following Interest Period 
and all following Interest Periods, subject to the subsequent operation of this 
Condition 7(o) in the event of a further Benchmark Event affecting the Successor 
Rate; or  
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment by the Adjustment Spread) 
subsequently be used in place of the Reference Rate to determine the Rate of 
Interest for the immediately following Interest Period and all following Interest 
Periods, subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 7(o) in the event of 
a further Benchmark Event affecting the Alternative Rate.  
(v) 
The Independent Adviser shall determine the quantum of, or a formula or methodology 
for determining, an Adjustment Spread, and such Adjustment Spread shall apply to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
(vi) 
If any relevant Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) an Adjustment 
Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 7(o) and the Independent Adviser 
determines in its discretion (i) that amendments to these Conditions, the Trust Deed or the 
Agency Agreement are necessary or appropriate to ensure the proper operation of such

--- Page 65 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 62 - 
70-40753911 
 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) as adjusted by the Adjustment Spread 
(such amendments, the "Benchmark Amendments") and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark 
Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with 
Condition 7(o))(viii), without any requirement for the consent or approval of relevant 
Noteholders, vary or amend these Conditions, the Trust Deed and/or the Agency 
Agreement to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date 
specified in such notice.  
(vii) 
The Trustee shall, at the request and expense of the Issuer and without the requirement for 
any consent or approval of the Noteholders, concur with the Issuer in effecting any 
Benchmark Amendments as may be required in order to give effect to this Condition 7(o) 
(which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall not be treated as being within the scope of the 
Reserved Matters (as defined in the Trust Deed)), subject to receipt by the Trustee of the 
certificate referred to in subparagraph (ix) below, provided however, that neither the 
Trustee nor the Agents shall be obliged so to concur if in the sole opinion of the Trustee 
and/or the Agents, doing so would have the effect of (i) imposing more onerous obligations 
upon it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or 
amend the protective provisions in these Conditions, the Agency Agreement or the Trustee 
Deed (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any documents supplemental thereto) or (ii) 
expose it to any liabilities against which it has not been indemnified and/or secured and/or 
prefunded to its satisfaction. 
(viii) 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 7(o) will be notified promptly 
by the Issuer to the Trustee, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and, in accordance 
with Condition 21 (Notices), the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall 
specify the effective date, which shall be not less than five Business Days prior to the next 
Interest Determination Date, of the Benchmark Amendments, if any.  
(ix) 
No later than notifying the Trustee and the Agents of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to 
the Trustee and the Agents a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer:  
(A) 
confirming (1) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (2) the relevant Successor 
Rate, or, as the case may be, the relevant Alternative Rate, (3) the relevant 
Adjustment Spread and (4) if applicable, any relevant Benchmark Amendments, 
in each case as determined by the Independent Adviser in accordance with the 
provisions of this Condition 7(o); and  
(B) 
certifying that, following consultation with the Independent Adviser, (1) the 
relevant Benchmark Amendments are necessary or appropriate to ensure the 
proper operation of such relevant Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or 
Adjustment Spread (as applicable) and (2) the intent of the drafting of such 
changes is solely to implement the relevant Benchmark Amendments.  
The Trustee and the Agents shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without further 
enquiry and without liability to any person) as sufficient evidence thereof.  
(x) 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and the Adjustment Spread 
and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence 
of manifest error or bad faith in the determination thereof) be binding on the Issuer, the 
Guarantor, the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the other 
Paying Agents and the Noteholders and Couponholders.  
(xi) 
As used in this Condition 7(o): 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), 
or the formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the 
Independent Adviser determines is required to be applied to the relevant Successor Rate 
or the relevant Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or 
methodology which:

--- Page 66 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 63 - 
70-40753911 
 
(A) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided 
as an option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Reference 
Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(B) 
(if no such recommendation has been made under (A) above in the case of a 
Successor Rate, or in the case of an Alternative Rate), the Independent Adviser, 
determines is customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital markets transactions to 
produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Reference Rate; or  
(C) 
(if no such determination in accordance with (A) or (B) applies) the Independent 
Adviser determines, is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard 
for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Reference Rate, 
where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate 
(as the case may be) (unless the Independent Adviser considers that an adjustment 
spread based on over-the-counter derivative transactions is not appropriate for 
determining the Adjustment Spread in respect of the Notes); or  
(D) 
(if no determination of the Adjustment Spread is made under (A), (B) or (C) 
above) the Independent Adviser determines to be appropriate to reduce or 
eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic 
prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders as a result of the 
replacement of the Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate 
(as the case may be).  
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent 
Adviser determines in accordance with this Condition 7(o) is customary in market usage 
in the international debt capital markets, or is an industry-accepted rate, for the purposes 
of determining floating rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) in the 
Specified Currency of, and for a commensurate interest period in respect of, the Notes.  
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(A) 
the relevant Reference Rate has ceased to be published on the Relevant Screen 
Page as a result of such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or administered on a 
permanent or indefinite basis; or 
(B) 
a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been or will be appointed 
that will continue publication of such Reference Rate) it has ceased publishing 
such Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely or that it will cease to do so by 
a specified future date (the "Specified Future Date"); or  
(C) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference 
Rate that such Reference Rate has been or will, by or as of a specified future date 
(the "Specified Future Date"), be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(D) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference 
Rate that means that such Reference Rate will, by or as of a specified future date 
(the "Specified Future Date"), be prohibited from being used or that its use will 
be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, either generally or in respect 
of the Notes; or 
(E) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference 
Rate (as applicable) that, in the view of such supervisor, (i) such Reference Rate 
is or will, by or as of a specified future date (the "Specified Future Date"), be no 
longer representative of an underlying market or (ii) the methodology to calculate 
such Reference Rate has materially changed; or 
(F) 
it has or will, by a specified date within the following six months, become 
unlawful for the Calculation Agent to calculate any payments due to be made to 
any Noteholder using the relevant Reference Rate (as applicable) (including,

--- Page 67 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 64 - 
70-40753911 
 
without limitation, under the Benchmarks Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if 
applicable). 
Notwithstanding the sub-paragraphs above, where the relevant Benchmark Event is a 
public statement within sub-paragraphs (B), (C), (D) or (E) above and the Specified Future 
Date in the public statement is more than six months after the date of that public statement, 
the Benchmark Event shall not be deemed occur until the date falling six months prior to 
such Specified Future Date. 
"Benchmark Amendments" has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(o)(vi). 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute 
or other independent adviser of recognised standing and experienced in the international 
capital markets, in each case selected and appointed by the Issuer at its own expense under 
Condition 7(o). 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable):  
(A) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable); or  
(B) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned 
central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board 
or any part thereof.  
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Reference Rate which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
(p) 
Benchmark Replacement (Effect of Benchmark Transition Event): 
This Condition 7(p) (Benchmark Replacement) shall apply only to Notes for which the Reference 
Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "SOFR", otherwise the benchmark 
replacement provisions of Condition 7(o) (Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser)) will 
apply. 
(i) 
If the Issuer, or, in the Issuer's discretion, an Independent Adviser appointed by the Issuer 
for such purpose, determines on or prior to the relevant Reference Time that a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect 
to the then-current Benchmark, (including, for the avoidance of doubt, where the 
Benchmark Transition Event and/or the related Benchmark Replacement Date occurred 
prior to the Issue Date of the Notes), the Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-
current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of all determinations 
on such date and for all determinations on all subsequent dates (subject to any further 
subsequent operation of this Condition 7(p) (Benchmark Replacement (Effect of 
Benchmark Transition Event) in respect of such replacement benchmark). In connection 
with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer will have the right 
subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 7(p)(v) below to make 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time, without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders.  
(ii) 
The Trustee shall, at the request and expense of the Issuer and without the requirement for 
any consent or approval of the Noteholders, concur with the Issuer in effecting any 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes as may be required in order to give effect 
to this Condition 7(p) (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall not be treated as being 
within the scope of the Reserved Matters (as defined in the Trust Deed)), subject to receipt

--- Page 68 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 65 - 
70-40753911 
 
by the Trustee of the certificate referred to in subparagraph (vi) below, provided however, 
that neither the Trustee nor the Agents shall be obliged so to concur if in the sole opinion 
of the Trustee and/or the Agents, doing so would have the effect of (i) imposing more 
onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or 
liabilities or reduce or amend the protective provisions in these Conditions, the Agency 
Agreement or the Trustee Deed (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any documents 
supplemental thereto) or (ii) expose it to any liabilities against which it has not been 
indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction. 
(iii) 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer or, if applicable, 
an Independent Adviser appointed by it pursuant to this section, including any 
determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-
occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from 
taking any action or any selection:  
(a) 
will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error;  
(b) 
will be made in the sole discretion of the Issuer or, as the case may be, the 
Independent Adviser; and  
(c) 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation relating to the 
Notes, shall become effective without consent from the holders of the Notes, the 
Trustee or any other party.  
(iv) 
In the absence of bad faith or fraud, none of the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Independent 
Adviser shall have any liability to any person (including the Issuer, the Guarantor, the 
Trustee, the Agents or the Noteholders or Couponholders) for any determination made by 
it pursuant to this Condition 7(p) (Benchmark Replacement (Effect of Benchmark 
Transition Event) and the Trustee will not be liable for any loss, liability, cost, charge or 
expense which may arise as a result thereof. 
(v) 
Any Benchmark Replacement, Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and the specific 
terms of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, determined under this 
Condition 7(p) (Benchmark Replacement (Effect of Benchmark Transition Event) will be 
notified promptly by the Issuer to the Trustee, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents 
and, in accordance with Condition 21 (Notices), the Noteholders. Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the effective date on which such changes take effect.  
(vi) 
No later than notifying the Trustee and the Agents of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to 
the Trustee and the Agents a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer:  
(A) 
confirming (1) that a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred, (2) the 
relevant Benchmark Replacement, (3) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment and (4), if applicable, the specific terms of any relevant 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, in each case as determined by 
the Issuer or the Independent Adviser (as applicable) in accordance with the 
provisions of this Condition 7(p) (Benchmark Replacement (Effect of 
Benchmark Transition Event)); and  
(B)  
certifying that, following consultation with the Independent Adviser, (1) the 
relevant Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes are necessary to 
ensure the proper operation of such Benchmark Replacement and/or 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and (2) the intent of the drafting of such 
changes is solely to implement the relevant Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes. 
The Trustee and the Agents shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without further 
enquiry and without liability to any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. 
(vii) 
As used in these Conditions:

--- Page 69 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 66 - 
70-40753911 
 
"Benchmark" means, initially, Compounded SOFR or Compounded Daily SOFR (as applicable), 
as each such term is defined above; provided that if the Issuer or the Independent Adviser (as 
applicable) determines on or prior to the Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and 
its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to Compounded SOFR or 
Compounded Daily SOFR (or the published daily SOFR used in the calculation thereof) or the 
then-current Benchmark, then "Benchmark" shall mean the applicable Benchmark Replacement.  
"Benchmark Replacement" means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be 
determined by the Issuer or the Independent Adviser (as applicable) as of the Benchmark 
Replacement Date: 
(i) 
the sum of: (A) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or recommended by the 
Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark and (B) 
the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;  
(ii) 
the sum of: (A) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (B) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
or  
(iii) 
the sum of: (A) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer or the 
Independent Adviser (as applicable) as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark 
giving due consideration to any industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the 
then-current Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time and 
(B) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set forth in the order below 
that can be determined by the Issuer or the Independent Adviser (as applicable) as of the 
Benchmark Replacement Date:  
(i) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, 
(which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected or recommended 
by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark 
Replacement;  
(ii) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA Fallback 
Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or  
(iii) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been 
selected by the Issuer or the Independent Adviser (as applicable) giving due consideration 
to any industry-accepted spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such 
spread adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the applicable 
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at 
such time; 
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to any Benchmark 
Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the timing 
and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, 
and other administrative matters) that the Issuer or the Independent Adviser (as applicable) decides 
may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner 
substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Issuer or the Independent Adviser (as 
applicable) decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively 
feasible or if the Issuer or the Independent Adviser (as applicable) determines that no market 
practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as the Issuer or the 
Independent Adviser (as applicable) determines is reasonably necessary);  
"Benchmark Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the following events with respect 
to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component used in the calculation 
thereof):  
(i) 
in the case of clause (i) or (ii) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event," the later 
of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and 
(b) the date on which the administrator of the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely 
ceases to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or

--- Page 70 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 67 - 
70-40753911 
 
(ii) 
in the case of clause (iii) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event," the date of 
the public statement or publication of information referenced therein.  
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs 
on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the 
Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for 
such determination;  
"Benchmark Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following events 
with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component used in the 
calculation thereof):  
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the 
Benchmark (or such component) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will 
cease to provide the Benchmark (or such component), permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or  
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component), the central bank for the currency of 
the Benchmark (or such component), an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the 
administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component) or a court or 
an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for the 
Benchmark, which states that the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) 
has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such component) permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such component); 
or  
(iii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no longer 
representative; 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute or other 
independent adviser of recognised standing and experienced in the international capital markets, 
in each case appointed by the Issuer at its own expense; 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, as amended or supplemented from time to 
time, or any successor definitional booklet for interest rate derivatives published from time to time;  
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative 
value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be 
determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to the Benchmark;  
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing 
the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation date with respect 
to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment;  
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (i) if the Benchmark 
is Compounded SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time, and (ii) if the Benchmark is not 
Compounded SOFR, the time determined by the Issuer or the Independent Adviser (as applicable) 
after giving effect to the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes;  
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board 
and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto; and  
"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement" means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment.

--- Page 71 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 68 - 
70-40753911 
 
8. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions  
(a) 
Application: This Condition 8 (Zero Coupon Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if 
the Zero Coupon Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable.  
(b) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes: If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero 
Coupon Note is improperly withheld or refused, the Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an 
amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference 
Price on the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and including) the Issue Date 
to (but excluding) whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect 
of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) 
the day which is seven days after notice has been given to the Noteholders that the 
Principal Paying Agent has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh 
day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment).  
9. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Scheduled redemption at maturity: Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the 
Notes will be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, subject as 
provided in Condition 11 (Payments – Bearer Notes) or, as the case may be, Condition 12 
(Payments – Registered Notes). 
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons: The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but 
not in part: 
(i) 
at any time (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are not specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable); or 
(ii) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable), 
on giving not less than 15 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders, or such other period(s) 
as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify 
the date for redemption), at their Early Redemption Amount (Tax), together with interest accrued 
(if any) to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption, if, immediately before giving such notice, 
the Issuer satisfies the Trustee that: 
(A) 
(1) the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred 
to in Condition 13 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or 
regulations of The Netherlands or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or 
therein having power to tax, or any change in the application or official interpretation of 
such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the 
date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes; and (2) such obligation cannot be avoided 
by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it; or 
(B) 
(1) the Guarantor has or (if a demand was made under the Guarantee of the Notes) would 
become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 13 
(Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of 
Switzerland or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power 
to tax, or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations 
(including a holding by a court of competent jurisdiction), which change or amendment 
becomes effective on or after the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes and (2) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Guarantor taking reasonable measures available 
to it, 
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than:

--- Page 72 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 69 - 
70-40753911 
 
(1) 
where the Notes may be redeemed at any time, 90 days (or such other period as 
may be specified in the relevant final terms) prior to the earliest date on which the 
Issuer or the Guarantor would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a 
payment in respect of the Notes were then due or (as the case may be) a demand 
under the Guarantee of the Notes were then made; or 
(2) 
where the Notes may be redeemed only on an Interest Payment Date, 60 days (or 
such other period as may be specified in the relevant final terms) prior to the 
Interest Payment Date occurring immediately before the earliest date on which the 
Issuer or the Guarantor would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a 
payment in respect of the Notes were then due or (as the case may be) a demand 
under the Guarantee of the Notes were then made. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer shall 
deliver or procure that there is delivered to the Trustee (1) a certificate signed by two authorised 
signatories of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting 
forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to 
redeem have occurred and (2) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to 
the effect that the Issuer or (as the case may be) the Guarantor has or will become obliged to pay 
such additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment and the Trustee shall be entitled 
to treat such certificate and opinion as satisfaction of the conditions precedent set out in (A) and/or 
(B) above. Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 9(b), the Issuer 
shall be bound to redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 9(b). 
(c) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer: If "Call Option" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole or, if so specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, in part on any Optional Redemption Date (Call) on the Issuer's giving 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Noteholders, or such other notice period as 
may be specified in the relevant Final Terms (which notice shall specify the date for redemption 
and shall be irrevocable, but may (at the option of the Issuer) be conditional on one or more 
conditions precedent being satisfied, or waived by the Issuer), at either: 
(i) 
the Optional Redemption Amount (Call); or 
(ii) 
the Make Whole Redemption Price, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms, together, if applicable, with accrued interest to (but 
excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call). 
The "Make Whole Redemption Price" will, in respect of Notes to be redeemed, be: 
(i) 
if "Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount" is specified as being applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, an amount equal to the higher of (i) 100 per cent. of the principal 
amount of such Notes and (ii) the principal amount of such Notes multiplied by the price 
(expressed as a percentage), as reported in writing to the Issuer by the Determination 
Agent (if applicable), at which the Gross Redemption Yield on such Notes on the 
Reference Date is equal to the sum of (x) the Gross Redemption Yield (as determined by 
reference to the middle market price) at the Quotation Time on the Reference Date of the 
Reference Bond, plus (y) the Redemption Margin, as determined by the Determination 
Agent; or  
(ii) 
if "Non-Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, an amount equal to the higher of (i) 100 per cent. of the principal amount of such 
Notes and (ii) the principal amount of such Notes multiplied by the price (expressed as a 
percentage), as reported in writing to the Issuer by the Determination Agent (if applicable), 
at which the yield to maturity (or, if applicable, yield to the Par Redemption Date) on such 
Notes on the Reference Date is equal to the sum of (x) the Reference Bond Rate at the 
Quotation Time on the Reference Date, plus (y) the Redemption Margin, as determined 
by the Determination Agent,

--- Page 73 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 70 - 
70-40753911 
 
provided however that, in the case of either (i) or (ii) above, if the Optional Redemption Date (Call) 
occurs on or after the Par Redemption Date (if any) specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Make-
Whole Redemption Price will be equal to 100 per cent of the principal amount of the Notes. 
(d) 
Partial redemption: If the Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with 
Condition 9(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), in the case of Bearer Notes, the Notes to 
be redeemed shall be selected by the drawing of lots in such place as the Principal Paying Agent 
approves and in such manner as the Principal Paying Agent considers appropriate, subject to 
compliance with applicable law, the rules of each competent authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation and the notice to Noteholders referred to in Condition 9(c) (Redemption at the option of 
the Issuer) shall specify the serial numbers of the Notes so to be redeemed and, in the case of 
Registered Notes, each Note shall be redeemed in part in the proportion which the aggregate 
principal amount of the outstanding Notes to be redeemed on the relevant Optional Redemption 
Date (Call) bears to the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Notes on such date. If any 
Maximum Redemption Amount or Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, then the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) shall in no event be greater than the 
maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(e) 
Issuer Residual Call: If "Issuer Residual Call" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, and if, at any time (other than as a direct result of a redemption of some, but not all, of 
the Notes at the Make Whole Redemption Price at the Issuer's option pursuant to Condition 9(c)), 
the outstanding aggregate nominal amount of the Notes is 20 per cent. or less of the aggregate 
nominal amount of the Notes originally issued (and, for these purposes, any further Notes issued 
pursuant to Condition 20 (Further Issues) and consolidated with the Notes as part of the same 
Series shall be deemed to have been originally issued), the Issuer may redeem all (but not some 
only) of the remaining outstanding Notes on any date (or, if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, on any Interest Payment Date) upon 
giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Noteholders (or such other notice period 
as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms) (which notice shall specify the date for 
redemption and shall be irrevocable), at the Optional Redemption Amount (Residual Call) together 
with any accrued and unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the date of redemption. Prior to the 
publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 9(e), the Issuer shall deliver to 
the Trustee a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is 
entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the outstanding 
aggregate nominal amount of the Notes is 20 per cent. or less of the aggregate nominal amount of 
the Notes originally issued. The Trustee shall be entitled to accept such certificate as sufficient 
evidence of the satisfaction of the condition precedent set out above, in which event it shall be 
conclusive and binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders. 
(f) 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders: If the Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable, the Issuer shall, at the option of the Holder of any Note redeem such Note on 
the Optional Redemption Date (Put) specified in the relevant Put Option Notice (if validly given) 
at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Put) together with interest (if any) accrued to (but 
excluding) such date. In order to exercise the option contained in this Condition 9(f), the Holder of 
a Note must, not less than 30 nor more than 60 days before the relevant Optional Redemption Date 
(Put) (or such other period(s) as may be specified in the relevant final terms), deposit with any 
Paying Agent such Note together with all unma tured Coupons relating thereto and a duly 
completed Put Option Notice in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent. The Paying Agent 
with which a Note is so deposited shall deliver a duly completed Put Option Receipt to the 
depositing Noteholder. No Note, once deposited with a duly completed Put Option Notice in 
accordance with this Condition 9(f), may be withdrawn; provided, however, that if, prior to the 
relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), any such Note becomes immediately due and payable 
or, upon due presentation of any such Note on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), 
payment of the redemption moneys is improperly withheld or refused, the relevant Pa ying Agent 
shall mail notification thereof to the depositing Noteholder at such address as may have been given 
by such Noteholder in the relevant Put Option Notice and shall hold such Note at its Specified 
Office for collection by the depositing Noteholder against surrender of the relevant Put Option 
Receipt. For so long as any outstanding Note is held by a Paying Agent in accordance with this 
Condition 9(f), the depositor of such Note and not such Paying Agent shall be deemed to be the 
holder of such Note for all purposes.

--- Page 74 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 71 - 
70-40753911 
 
(g) 
Change of Control Put Option: If "Change of Control Put Option" is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, then if at any time while any Note remains outstanding, there occurs:  
(A) 
a Change of Control (as defined below), and, within the Change of Control Period, 
a Rating Event in respect of that Change of Control occurs (such Change of 
Control and Rating Event not having been cured prior to the expiry of the Change 
of Control Period); or  
(B) 
a Change of Control (as defined below), and, on the occurrence of the Change of 
Control, neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor is rated by any Rating Agency and 
neither of them secures an investment grade rating in respect of itself or the Notes 
from at least one Rating Agency on or before the last day of the Change of Control 
Period, 
(each, a "Change of Control Put Event"), each Noteholder will have the option (the "Change of 
Control Put Option") (unless, prior to the giving of the Change of Control Put Event Notice (as 
defined below), the Issuer gives notice to redeem the Notes under Condition 9(b), 9(c) or 9(e)) to 
require the Issuer to redeem or, at the Issuer's option, to purchase or procure the purchase of, all or 
some of its Notes, on the Optional Redemption Date (as defined below) at the principal amount 
outstanding of such Notes together with (or where purchased, together with an amount equal to) 
interest accrued to, but excluding, the Optional Redemption Date. 
Definitions 
As used herein: 
"acting in concert" means acting together pursuant to an agreement or understanding (whether 
formal or informal); 
A "Change of Control" shall be deemed to have occurred if any person or any persons acting in 
concert, other than a holding company whose shareholders are (or are to be) substantially similar 
to the pre-existing shareholders of SGS S.A. immediately prior thereto, directly or indirectly 
acquire (A) more than 50 per cent. of the issued share capital of SGS S.A. or (B) shares in the 
capital of SGS S.A. carrying more than 50 per cent. of the total voting rights attributable to the 
entire issued share capital of SGS S.A. and which may be exercised at a general meeting of SGS 
S.A.; 
"Change of Control Period" means the period beginning on the date (the "Relevant 
Announcement Date") that is the earlier of (A) the first public announcement by or on behalf of 
the Guarantor or any bidder or any designated adviser thereto, of the relevant Change of Control; 
and (B) the date of the earliest Potential Change of Control Announcement, and ending (in either 
case) 90 days after the occurrence of the relevant Change of Control (such 90th day, the "Initial 
Longstop Date"); provided that if a Rating Agency publicly announces, at any time during the 
period commencing on the date which is 60 days prior to the Initial Longstop Date and ending on 
the Initial Longstop Date, that it has placed its rating of the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Notes under 
consideration for rating review (save where such rating review is expressed in such terms as to 
indicate that any change will be positive only) either entirely or partially as a result of the relevant 
public announcement of the Change of Control or Potential Change of Control Announcement, the 
Change of Control Period shall be extended to the date which falls 60 days after the date of such 
public announcement by such Rating Agency (or, if this is earlier (but after the Initial Longstop 
Date), the date on which such Rating Agency public confirms the outcome of its rating review); 
"Potential Change of Control Announcement" means any public announcement or statement by 
SGS S.A., any actual or potential bidder or any designated adviser thereto relating to any specific 
potential Change of Control where such Change of Control then occurs within 180 days of the date 
of such announcement or statement; 
"Rating Agency" means any of Fitch Ratings Inc., Moody's Investors Service Inc., or S&P Global 
Ratings Inc. or any of their respective successors, subsidiaries or affiliates; and 
A "Rating Event" shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of a Change of Control if (within 
the Change of Control Period)

--- Page 75 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 72 - 
70-40753911 
 
(A)  
the rating previously assigned to the Notes or to the Issuer or the Guarantor by any Rating 
Agency solicited by (or with the consent of) the Issuer or the Guarantor is: 
(x)  
withdrawn; or  
(y)  
changed from an investment grade rating (i.e. BBB-/Baa3 or its equivalent for 
the time being, or better) to a non-investment grade rating (i.e. BB+/Ba1 or its 
equivalent for the time being, or worse); or  
(z)  
(if the rating previously assigned to the Notes or to the Issuer or the Guarantor 
by any Rating Agency solicited by (or with the consent of) the Issuer or the 
Guarantor was below an investment grade rating (as described above)), lowered 
by at least one full rating notch (for example, from BB+ to BB, or their 
respective equivalents); and  
(B)  
in any such case, such rating is not within the Change of Control Period subsequently 
upgraded (in the case of a downgrade) or reinstated (in the case of a withdrawal) either 
to an investment grade credit rating (in the case of (x) and (y)) or to its earlier credit rating 
or better (in the case of (z)) by such Rating Agency, 
provided that, in any such case, the Rating Agency making the withdrawal or reduction in rating 
announces or publicly confirms or, having been so requested by the Issuer or the Guarantor, 
informs the Issuer or the Guarantor in writing that the withdrawal or lowering of the rating or the 
failure to assign an investment grade rating was the result, in whole or in part, of the applicable 
Change of Control (whether or not the applicable Change of Control shall have occurred at the 
time of the Rating Event),  
and provided further that no Rating Event shall occur if and for so long as at least one Rating 
Agency is maintaining an investment grade rating in respect of the Issuer, the Guarantor or the 
Notes.  
If on the Relevant Announcement Date the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Notes carry a credit rating 
from more than one Rating Agency, at least one of which is an investment grade rating, then sub-
paragraph (z) above will not apply; 
Change of Control Put Event Notice 
Promptly upon the Issuer or the Guarantor becoming aware that a Change of Control Put Event has 
occurred, the Issuer or the Guarantor shall give notice (a "Change of Control Put Event Notice") 
to the Trustee and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 21 (Notices), specifying the 
nature of the Change of Control Put Event and the circumstances giving rise to it, the last day of 
the Change of Control Put Period (as defined below) and the procedure for exercising the Change 
of Control Put Option contained in this Condition 9(g). 
Exercise of Put Right 
To exercise the Change of Control Put Option, a Noteholder must, within the period (the "Change 
of Control Put Period") of 45 days after a Change of Control Put Event Notice is given, arrange 
for the delivery of (if the Notes are Bearer Notes) its Notes which it requires to be redeemed or 
purchased pursuant to this Condition 9(g) or (if the Notes are Registered Notes) the Note 
Certificate(s) in respect of such Notes, to the specified office of any Paying Agent, together with 
a duly signed and completed notice of exercise in the then current form obtainable from the 
Principal Paying Agent (a "Change of Control Put Option Notice") and in which the Noteholder 
shall specify a bank account to which payment is to be made under this Condition 9(g) (and, in the 
case of Registered Notes, such notice shall also specify the aggregate principal amount of the Notes 
which it instructs to be redeemed or purchased and, if such amount is less than the full aggregate 
principal amount of Notes represented by the Note Certificate(s) deposited by such Holder, an 
address to which a new Note Certificate in respect of the balance of such Registered Notes is to be 
sent). 
A Change of Control Put Option Notice once given shall be irrevocable. The Issuer shall redeem 
or, at the option of the Issuer purchase or procure the purchase of, the Notes in respect of which

--- Page 76 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 73 - 
70-40753911 
 
the Change of Control Put Option has been validly exercised as provided above on the date which 
is the fifth Business Day following the end of the Change of Control Put Period (the "Optional 
Redemption Date"). Payment in respect of such Notes will be made on the Optional Redemption 
Date by transfer to the bank account specified in the Change of Control Put Option Notice.  
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no responsibility for any cost or loss of whatever 
kind (including breakage costs) which the Noteholder may incur as a result of or in connection 
with such Noteholder's exercise or purported exercise of, or otherwise in connection with, any 
Change of Control Put Option (whether as a result of any purchase or redemption arising therefrom 
or otherwise). 
Issuer Clean-up Call 
If 80 per cent. or more in principal amount of the Notes outstanding as at the date of the relevant 
Change of Control have been redeemed pursuant to this Condition 9(g), the Issuer may, on not less 
than 15 nor more than 30 days' irrevocable notice to the Trustee and to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 21 (Notices) given within 30 days after the Optional Redemption Date, 
redeem on a date to be specified in such notice at its option, all (but not some only) of the remaining 
Notes at their principal amount, together with interest accrued to but excluding the date of 
redemption. 
(h) 
No other redemption: The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise than as 
provided in this Condition 9 (Redemption and Purchase). 
(i) 
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes: Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Redemption Amount payable on redemption of a Zero Coupon Note at any time befo re the 
Maturity Date shall be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference 
Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption 
or (as the case may be) the date upon which the Note becomes due and payable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the 
calculation in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis of such Day 
Count Fraction as may be specified in the Final Terms for the purposes of this Condition 9(i) or, if 
none is so specified, a Day Count Fraction of 30E/360. 
(j) 
Purchase: The Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective Subsidiaries may at any time 
purchase Notes in the open market or otherwise and at any price and such Notes may be held, 
resold or, at the option of the Issuer, surrendered to any Paying Agent for cancellation (provided 
that, if the Notes are to be cancelled, they are purchased together with all unmatured Coupons and 
unexchanged Talons relating to them). 
(k) 
Cancellation: All Notes redeemed and any unmatured Coupons or unexchanged Talons attached 
to or surrendered with them shall be cancelled and all Notes so cancelled and any Notes cancelled 
pursuant to Condition 9(j) (Purchase) above (together with all unmatured Coupons and 
unexchanged Talons cancelled with them) may not be reissued or resold. 
10. 
Exempt Notes 
Exempt Notes may be issued upon such terms (including, without limitation, as to interest, 
redemption or otherwise) as the Issuer and the Guarantor may agree. The terms of any Exempt 
Notes will be set out in the relevant Pricing Supplement, which shall be construed in accordance 
with these Conditions. In the event of any inconsistency between these Conditions and the relevant 
Pricing Supplement, the relevant Pricing Supplement will prevail. 
11. 
Payments – Bearer Notes 
This Condition 11 is only applicable to Bearer Notes.

--- Page 77 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 74 - 
70-40753911 
 
(a) 
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made only against presentation and (provided that 
payment is made in full) surrender of Bearer Notes at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent 
outside the United States by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment is due on, or by 
transfer to an account denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account 
to which euro may be credited or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the 
Principal Financial Centre of that currency. 
(b) 
Interest: Payments of interest shall, subject to paragraph (h) below, be made only against 
presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the appropriate Coupons at 
the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States in the manner described in 
paragraph (a) above.  
(c) 
Payments in New York City: Payments of principal or interest may be made at the Specified Office 
of a Paying Agent in New York City if (i) the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents outside the 
United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents will be able to make 
payment of the full amount of the interest on the Notes in the currency in which the payment is due 
when due, (ii) payment of the full amount of such interest at the offices of all such Paying Agents 
is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions and (iii) 
payment is permitted by applicable United States law. 
(d) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Bearer Notes (including, without 
limitation, under the Guarantee of the Notes in respect thereof) are subject in all cases to (i) any 
applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment or other laws and regulations 
to which the Issuer or the Guarantor are subject, but without prejudice to the provisions of 
Condition 13 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement 
described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") or otherwise 
imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements 
thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental 
approach thereto. 
(e) 
Commissions or Expenses: No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or 
Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(f) 
Deductions for unmatured Coupons: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions are applicable and a Bearer Note is presented without all unmatured Coupons relating 
thereto: 
(i) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is less than or equal to the amount of 
principal due for payment, a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons 
will be deducted from the amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, that 
if the gross amount available for payment is less than the amount of principal due for 
payment, the sum deducted will be that proportion of the aggregate amount of such 
missing Coupons which the gross amount actually available for payment bears to the 
amount of principal due for payment; 
(ii) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is greater than the amount of principal 
due for payment: 
(A) 
so many of such missing Coupons shall become void (in inverse order of maturity) 
as will result in the aggregate amount of the remainder of such missing Coupons 
(the "Relevant Coupons") being equal to the amount of principal due for 
payment; provided, however, that where this sub-paragraph would otherwise 
require a fraction of a missing Coupon to become void, such missing Coupon 
shall become void in its entirety; and 
(B) 
a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, if less, the 
amount of principal due for payment) will be deducted from the amount of 
principal due for payment; provided, however, that, if the gross amount 
available for payment is less than the amount of principal due for payment, the 
sum deducted will be that proportion of the aggregate amount of the Relevant 
Coupons (or, as the case may be, the amount of principal due for payment) which

--- Page 78 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 75 - 
70-40753911 
 
the gross amount actually available for payment bears to the amount of principal 
due for payment. 
Each sum of principal so deducted shall be paid in the manner provided in paragraph (a) 
above against presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the 
relevant missing Coupons.  
(g) 
Unmatured Coupons void: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that this Condition 11(g) is 
applicable or that the Floating Rate Note Provisions are applicable, on the due date for final 
redemption of any Note or early redemption in whole of such Note pursuant to Condition 9 
(Redemption and Purchase) or Condition 14 (Events of Default), all unmatured Coupons relating 
thereto (whether or not still attached) shall become void and no payment will be made in respect 
thereof. 
(h) 
Payments on business days: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Bearer 
Note or Coupon is not a Payment Business Day in the place of presentation, the Holder shall not 
be entitled to payment in such place of the amount due until the next succeeding Payment Business 
Day in such place and shall not be entitled to any further interest or other payment in respect of 
any such delay. 
(i) 
Payments other than in respect of matured Coupons: Payments of interest other than in respect of 
matured Coupons shall be made only against presentation of the relevant Bearer Notes at the 
Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (or in New York City if permitted 
by paragraph (c) above). 
(j) 
Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Bearer Note or 
Coupon presented to it for payment, such Paying Agent will endorse thereon a statement indicating 
the amount and date of such payment. 
(k) 
Exchange of Talons: On or after the maturity date of the final Coupon which is (or was at the time 
of issue) part of a Coupon Sheet relating to the Bearer Notes, the Talon forming part of such 
Coupon Sheet may be exchanged at the Specified Office of the Principal Paying Agent for a further 
Coupon Sheet (including, if appropriate, a further Talon but excluding any Coupons in respect of 
which claims have already become void pursuant to Condition 15 (Prescription). Upon the due 
date for redemption of any Bearer Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to such Note shall become 
void and no Coupon will be delivered in respect of such Talon. 
12. 
Payments - Registered Notes 
This Condition 12 is only applicable to Registered Notes. 
(a) 
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made by cheque drawn in the currency in which the 
payment is due drawn on, or, upon application by a Holder of a Registered Note to the Specified 
Office of the Principal Paying Agent not later than the fifteenth day before the due date for any 
such payment, by transfer to an account denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, 
any other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, 
a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency (in the case of a sterling cheque, a town 
clearing branch of a bank in the City of London) and (in the case of redemption) upon surrender 
(or, in the case of part payment only, endorsement) of the relevant Note Certificates at the Specified 
Office of any Paying Agent. 
(b) 
Interest: Payments of interest shall be made by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment 
is due drawn on, or, upon application by a Holder of a Registered Note to the Specified Office of 
the Principal Paying Agent not later than the fifteenth day before the due date for any such payment, 
by transfer to an account denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other 
account to which euro may be credited or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in 
the Principal Financial Centre of that currency (in the case of a sterling cheque, a town clearing 
branch of a bank in the City of London) and (in the case of interest payable on redemption) upon 
surrender (or, in the case of part payment only, endorsement) of the relevant Note Certificates at 
the Specified Office of any Paying Agent.

--- Page 79 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 76 - 
70-40753911 
 
(c) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Registered Notes (including, 
without limitation, under the Guarantee of the Notes in respect thereof) are subject in all cases to 
(i) any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment or other laws and 
regulations to which the Issuer or the Guarantor are subject, but without prejudice to the provisions 
of Condition 13 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement 
described in Section 1471(b) of the Code or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 
1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or 
any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. No commissions or expenses shall 
be charged to the Noteholders in respect of such payments. 
(d) 
Payments on business days: Where payment is to be made by transfer to an account, payment 
instructions (for value the due date, or, if the due date is not Payment Business Day, for value the 
next succeeding Payment Business Day) will be initiated and, where payment is to be made by 
cheque, the cheque will be mailed (i) (in the case of payments of principal and interest payable on 
redemption) on the later of the due date for payment and the day on which the relevant Note 
Certificate is surrendered (or, in the case of part payment only, endorsed) at the Specified Office 
of a Paying Agent and (ii) (in the case of payments of interest payable other than on redemption) 
on the due date for payment. A Holder of a Registered Note shall not be entitled to any interest or 
other payment in respect of any delay in payment resulting from (A) the due date for a payment 
not being a Payment Business Day or (B) a cheque mailed in accordance with this Condition 12 
arriving after the due date for payment or being lost in the mail. 
(e) 
Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Registered Note, 
the Issuer shall procure that the amount and date of such payment are noted on the Register and, in 
the case of partial payment upon presentation of a Note Certificate, that a statement indicating the 
amount and the date of such payment is endorsed on the relevant Note Certificate. 
(f) 
Record date: Each payment in respect of a Registered Note will be made to the person shown as 
the Holder in the Register at the opening of business in the place of the Registrar's Specified Office 
on the fifteenth day before the due date for such payment (the "Record Date"). Where payment in 
respect of a Registered Note is to be made by cheque, the cheque will be mailed to the address 
shown as the address of the Holder in the Register at the opening of business on the relevant Record 
Date. 
13. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Gross up: All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and the Coupons by or on 
behalf of the Issuer or the Guarantor shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or 
deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of (in 
the case of the Issuer) The Netherlands or (in the case of the Guarantor) Switzerland or (in either 
case) any political subdivision therein or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, 
unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments, or governmental charges is 
required by law. In that event, the Issuer or (as the case may be) the Guarantor shall pay such 
additional amounts as will result in receipt by the Noteholders and the Couponholders after such 
withholding or deduction of such amounts as would have been received by them had no such 
withholding or deduction been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable 
in respect of any Note or Coupon: 
(i) 
presented for payment in The Netherlands or Switzerland; or 
(ii) 
held by or on behalf of a Holder which is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of its having some 
connection with the jurisdiction by which such taxes, duties, assessments or charges have 
been imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed other than the mere holding of the 
Note or Coupon; or 
(iii) 
where the relevant Note or Coupon or Note Certificate is presented or surrendered for 
payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the Holder of 
such Note or Coupon would have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting

--- Page 80 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 77 - 
70-40753911 
 
or surrendering such Note or Coupon or Note Certificate for payment on the last day of 
such period of 30 days; or 
(iv) 
where such deduction or withholding is required to be made pursuant to the Dutch 
Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021), as amended, on payments due to 
holders of Notes affiliated to the Issuer (within the meaning of the Dutch Withholding Tax 
Act 2021 as published in the Official Gazette (Staatsblad) Stb. 2019, 513 of 27 December 
2019); or 
(v) 
where the Holder of such Note or Coupon is able to avoid such withholding or deduction 
by presenting an appropriate certificate or making an appropriate filing; or 
(vi) 
any combination of the foregoing.  
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Conditions, in no event will any additional amounts 
be payable by (or on behalf of) the Issuer or the Guarantor under this Condition 13 or otherwise in 
respect of any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 
1471(b) of the Code or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code (or 
any regulations or agreements thereunder or any official interpretations thereof) or an 
intergovernmental agreement between the United States and another jurisdiction facilitating the 
implementation thereof or any law implementing such an intergovernmental agreement. 
(b) 
Taxing jurisdiction: If, at any time, the Issuer or the Guarantor becomes subject, in respect of 
payments of principal or interest in respect of the Notes, to any taxing jurisdiction in addition to, 
or in the alternative to, The Netherlands or Switzerland, respectively, references in these 
Conditions to The Netherlands or Switzerland shall be construed as references to such relevant 
taxing jurisdiction in addition to or, as the case may be, in the alternative to The Netherlands or 
Switzerland, as applicable. 
14. 
Events of Default 
If any of the following events (each, together where applicable with the requisite certification by 
the Trustee as described below, an "Event of Default") occurs and is continuing, then the Trustee 
at its discretion may and, if so requested in writing by Holders of at least one quarter of the 
aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes or if so directed by an Extraordinary 
Resolution, shall (subject, in the case of the happening of any of the events mentioned in paragraphs 
(b) (Breach of other obligations), (i) (Failure to take action, etc) or (j) (Unlawfulness) below and, 
in relation only to a Material Subsidiary, paragraphs (e) (Security enforced), (f) (Insolvency, etc), 
(g) (Winding up, etc) or (h) (Analogous event) below, to the Trustee having certified in writing that 
the happening of such event is in its opinion materially prejudicial to the interests of the 
Noteholders and, in all cases, to the Trustee having been indemnified or provided with security to 
its satisfaction) give written notice to the Issuer declaring the Notes to be immediately due and 
payable, whereupon they shall become immediately due and payable at their Early Termination 
Amount together with accrued interest (if any) without further action or formality: 
(a) 
Non-payment: the Issuer and the Guarantor fail to pay any amount of principal in respect of the 
Notes on the due date for payment thereof or fail to pay any amount of interest in respect of the 
Notes on the due date for payment thereof, and (in each case) such default continues for a period 
of 14 days from the due date for payment thereof; or 
(b) 
Breach of other obligations: the Issuer or the Guarantor defaults in the performance or observance 
of any of its other obligations under or in respect of the Notes, the Guarantee of the Notes or the 
Trust Deed and such default (i) is, in the opinion of the Trustee, incapable of remedy or (ii) being 
a default which is, in the opinion of the Trustee, capable of remedy, remains unremedied for 30 
days or such longer period as the Trustee may agree after the Trustee has given written notice 
thereof, addressed to the Issuer and the Guarantor; or  
(c) 
Cross-acceleration of Issuer, Guarantor or Material Subsidiary:  
(i) 
any Indebtedness of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Material Subsidiary is not paid when 
due or (as the case may be) within any applicable grace period; or

--- Page 81 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 78 - 
70-40753911 
 
(ii) 
any such Indebtedness becomes due and payable prior to its stated maturity by reason of 
any default or event of default (however described); or  
(iii) 
the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Material Subsidiary fails to pay when due or (as the case 
may be) within any applicable grace period any amount payable by it under any Guarantee 
in respect of any Indebtedness, 
provided that the amount of Indebtedness referred to in sub-paragraph (i) and/or sub-paragraph 
(ii) above and/or the amount payable under any Guarantee referred to in sub-paragraph (iii) above 
individually or in the aggregate exceeds EUR 30,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency 
or currencies); or 
(d) 
Unsatisfied judgment: one or more judgment(s) or order(s) for the payment of an aggregate amount 
in excess of EUR 30,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency or currencies) is rendered 
against the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Material Subsidiary and continue(s) unsatisfied and 
unstayed for a period of 60 days after the date(s) thereof or, if later, the date therein specified for 
payment; or 
(e) 
Security enforced: a secured party takes possession, or a receiver, manager or other similar officer 
is appointed, of the whole or a substantial (in the opinion of the Trustee) part of the undertaking, 
assets and revenues of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Material Subsidiary; or 
(f) 
Insolvency etc:  
(i) 
the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Material Subsidiary becomes insolvent or is unable to pay 
its debts as they fall due; or 
(ii) 
an administrator or liquidator is appointed in respect of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any 
Material Subsidiary or the whole or a substantial (in the opinion of the Trustee) part of the 
undertaking, assets and revenues of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Material Subsidiary; 
or 
(iii) 
the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Material Subsidiary takes any action for a readjustment 
or deferment of all of its Indebtedness or of a substantial part thereof which it will 
otherwise be unable to pay when due, or makes a general assignment or an arrangement 
or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors generally or declares a moratorium 
in respect of any of its Indebtedness or any Guarantee in respect of any Indebtedness given 
by it (provided that such Indebtedness, individually or in the aggregate, exceeds EUR 
30,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency or currencies)); or  
(g) 
Winding up etc: an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding up, liquidation 
or dissolution of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Material Subsidiary, or the Issuer, the Guarantor 
or any Material Subsidiary ceases or publicly announces its intention to cease to carry on all or 
substantially all of its business, except, in any such case: 
(i) 
pursuant to or in connection with a reconstruction, amalgamation, reorganisation, merger 
or consolidation on terms approved by the Trustee or by an Extraordinary Resolution of 
the Noteholders; or  
(ii) 
(in the case of a Material Subsidiary only), either (1) pursuant to or in connection with a 
voluntary solvent winding-up where surplus assets are available for distribution, or (2) in 
circumstances where (in the case of a winding up, liquidation or dissolution) all or 
substantially all of the undertaking and assets of the Material Subsidiary or (in the case of 
any other cessation of business) all or substantially all of the business being ceased by 
such Material Subsidiary, are transferred to or otherwise vested in the Issuer, the Guarantor 
and/or one or more other Subsidiaries of the Issuer or the Guarantor which (or each of 
which) is, or thereby becomes, a Material Subsidiary; or  
(iii) 
a disposal of any business or assets (including the disposal of shares in a Subsidiary) for 
fair value on an arm's length basis; or

--- Page 82 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 79 - 
70-40753911 
 
(h) 
Analogous event: any event occurs which under the laws of The Netherlands or Switzerland has 
an analogous effect to any of the events referred to in paragraphs (d) to (g) above; or 
(i) 
Failure to take action etc: any action, condition or thing at any time required to be taken, fulfilled 
or done in order (i) to enable the Issuer and the Guarantor lawfully to enter into, exercise their 
respective rights and perform and comply with their respective obligations under and in respect of 
the Notes and the Trust Deed, (ii) to ensure that those obligations are legal, valid, binding and 
enforceable and (iii) to make the Notes, the Coupons and the Trust Deed admissible in evidence in 
the courts of The Netherlands and Switzerland is not taken, fulfilled or done; or 
(j) 
Unlawfulness: it is or will become unlawful for the Issuer or the Guarantor to perform or comply 
with any of its obligations under or in respect of the Notes or the Trust Deed; or 
(k) 
Controlling shareholder: the Issuer ceases to be a Subsidiary of SGS S.A. 
15. 
Prescription 
Claims for principal in respect of Bearer Notes shall become void unless the relevant Bearer Notes 
are presented for payment within ten years of the appropriate Relevant Date. Claims for interest in 
respect of Bearer Notes shall become void unless the releva nt Coupons are presented for payment 
within five years of the appropriate Relevant Date. Claims for principal and interest on redemption 
in respect of Registered Notes shall become void unless the relevant Note Certificates are 
surrendered for payment within ten years of the appropriate Relevant Date. 
16. 
Replacement of Notes and Coupons 
If any Note, Note Certificate or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced at the Specified Office of the Principal Paying Agent, in the case of Bearer Notes, or the 
Registrar, in the case of Registered Notes (and, if the Notes are then admitted to listing, trading 
and/or quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which 
requires the appointment of a Paying Agent in any particular place, the Paying Agent having its 
Specified Office in the place required by such competent authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system), subject to all applicable laws and competent authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system requirements, upon payment by the claimant of the expenses incurred in 
connection with such replacement and on such terms as to evidence, security, indemnity and 
otherwise as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Note Certificates or 
Coupons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
17. 
Trustee and Agents 
Under the Trust Deed, the Trustee is entitled to be indemnified and relieved from responsibility in 
certain circumstances and to be paid its costs and expenses in priority to the claims of the 
Noteholders. In addition, the Trustee is entitled to enter into business transactions with the Issuer, 
the Guarantor and any entity relating to the Issuer or the Guarantor without accounting for any 
profit. 
In the exercise of its powers and discretions under these Conditions and the Trust Deed, the Trustee 
will have regard to the interests of the Noteholders as a class and will not be responsible for any 
consequence for individual Holders of Notes as a result of such Holders being connected in any 
way with a particular territory or taxing jurisdiction. 
In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Notes and the Coupons, the 
Paying Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and the Guarantor and (to the extent provided 
therein) the Trustee and do not assume any obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust 
for or with any of the Noteholders or Couponholders. 
The initial Paying Agents and their initial Specified Offices are listed below. The initial Calculation 
Agent (if any) is specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer and the Guarantor reserve the 
right, with the prior approval of the Trustee, at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of 
any Paying Agent and to appoint a successor principal paying agent or registrar or Calculation 
Agent and additional or successor paying agents; provided, however, that:

--- Page 83 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 80 - 
70-40753911 
 
(a) 
the Issuer and the Guarantor shall at all times maintain a principal paying agent and a 
registrar; and 
(b) 
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer and the Guarantor 
shall at all times maintain a Calculation Agent; and 
(c) 
if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the 
appointment of a Paying Agent and/or a Transfer Agent in any particular place, the Issuer 
and the Guarantor shall maintain a Paying Agent and/or a Transfer Agent having its 
Specified Office in the place required by such competent authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system. 
Notice of any change in any of the Paying Agents or in their Specified Offices shall promptly be 
given to the Noteholders.  
18. 
Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver, Substitution 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders: The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of 
Noteholders to consider any matter relating to their interests, including the modification or waiver 
of any provision of these Conditions. Any such modification may be made, and any such waiver 
shall be effective, if sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution. Such a meeting may be convened 
by the Issuer and the Guarantor (acting together) or by the Trustee and shall be convened by 
them/the Trustee upon the request in writing of Noteholders holding not less than one-tenth of the 
aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes. The quorum at any meeting convened to vote 
on an Extraordinary Resolution will be two or more Persons holding or representing more than half 
of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes or, at any adjourned meeting, two or 
more Persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the principal amount of the Notes held 
or represented; provided, however, that Reserved Matters may only be sanctioned by an 
Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders at which two or more Persons holding 
or representing not less than three-quarters or, at any adjourned meeting, one quarter of the 
aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes form a quorum. Any Extraordinary Resolution 
duly passed at any such meeting shall be binding on all the Noteholders and Couponholders, 
whether present or not and whether or not voting in favour.  
Any such meeting of the Noteholders may be convened at a physical location, or such other method 
(which may include, without limitation, a conference call or video conference) as the Trustee may 
determine in accordance with the provisions of the Trust Deed. 
In addition, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of Noteholders holding or representing 
not less than 75 per cent. in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes will take effect 
as if it were an Extraordinary Resolution. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one 
document or several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more 
Noteholders, and shall be binding on all the Noteholders and Couponholders, whether or not 
signing such written resolution. 
(b) 
Modification and waiver: The Trustee may, without the consent of the Noteholders, agree to any 
modification of these Conditions, the Agency Agreement, the Notes or the Trust Deed (other than 
in respect of a Reserved Matter) which is, in the opinion of the Trustee, proper to make if, in the 
opinion of the Trustee, such modification will not be materially prejudicial to the interests of 
Noteholders and to any modification of these Conditions, the Agency Agreement, the Notes or the 
Trust Deed which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is to correct a manifest error.  
In addition, the Trustee may, without the consent of the Noteholders, authorise or waive any 
proposed breach or breach of these Conditions, the Agency Agreement, the Notes or the Trust 
Deed (other than a proposed breach or breach relating to the subject of a Reserved Matter) if, in 
the opinion of the Trustee, the interests of the Noteholders will not be materially prejudiced 
thereby. 
In addition, the Issuer may, subject to Condition 7(o) and 7(p), vary or amend these Conditions, 
the Trust Deed and/or the Agency Agreement to give effect to certain amendments without any

--- Page 84 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 81 - 
70-40753911 
 
requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders as described in 7(o) and 7(p) and the 
Trustee shall agree to such variations or amendments on the basis set out in 7(o) and 7(p). Any 
such authorisation, waiver or modification shall be notified to the Noteholders as soon as 
practicable thereafter. 
Any such authorisation, waiver or modification shall be binding on all Noteholders and 
Couponholders and notified to the Noteholders as soon as practicable thereafter. 
(c) 
Substitution: The Trust Deed contains provisions under which: 
(i) 
the Guarantor may, without the consent of the Noteholders, assume the obligations of the 
Issuer as principal debtor under the Trust Deed and the Notes; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer (and any prior substitute therefor) may, without the consent of the Noteholders, 
be substituted as Issuer in respect of the Notes, provided that the Guarantee of the Notes 
remains in full force and effect, 
provided, in each case, that certain conditions specified in the Trust Deed are fulfilled. 
No Noteholder shall, in connection with any substitution, be entitled to claim any indemnification 
or payment in respect of any tax consequence thereof for such Noteholder, except to the extent 
provided for in Condition 13 (Taxation) (or any undertaking given in addition to or substitution for 
it pursuant to the provisions of the Trust Deed). 
Any such substitution shall be binding on the Noteholders and Couponholders and shall be notified 
to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 21 within 14 days. 
19. 
Enforcement 
The Trustee may at any time, at its discretion and without notice, institute such proceedings as it 
thinks fit to enforce its rights under the Trust Deed in respect of the Notes, but it shall not be bound 
to do so unless: 
(i) 
it has been so requested in writing by the Holders of at least one quarter of the aggregate 
principal amount of the outstanding Notes or has been so directed by an Extraordinary 
Resolution; and 
(ii) 
it has been indemnified or provided with security to its satisfaction. 
No Noteholder may proceed directly against the Issuer or the Guarantor unless the Trustee, having 
become bound to do so, fails, or is unable, to do so within a reasonable time and such failure or 
inability is continuing. 
20. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders 
and in accordance with the Trust Deed, create and issue further notes having the same terms and 
conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for the first payment of interest) so 
as to form a single series with the Notes. The Issuer may from time to time with the consent of the 
Trustee, create and issue other series of notes having the benefit of the Trust Deed. 
21. 
Notices 
(a) 
Bearer Notes: Notices to the Holders of Bearer Notes shall be valid if published in a leading 
English language daily newspaper published in London (which is expected to be the Financial 
Times) and, if the Bearer Notes are admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and it 
is a requirement of applicable law or regulations, a leading newspaper having general circulation 
in Luxembourg (which is expected to be Luxemburger Wort) or published on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) or, if such publication is not practicable, in a 
leading English language daily newspaper having general circulation in Europe. Any such notice 
shall be deemed to have been given on the date of first publication (or if required to be published 
in more than one newspaper, on the first date on which publication shall have been made in all the

--- Page 85 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 82 - 
70-40753911 
 
required newspapers). Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the 
contents of any notice given to the Holders of Bearer Notes. 
(b) 
Registered Notes: Notices to the Holders of Registered Notes shall be sent to them by first class 
mail (or its equivalent) or (if posted to an overseas address) by a irmail at their respective addresses 
on the Register and, if the Registered Notes are admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and it is a requirement of applicable law or regulations, notices to Noteholders will be 
published on the date of such mailing in a leading newspaper having general circulation in 
Luxembourg (which is expected to be Luxemburger Wort) or published on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) or, if such publication is not practicable, in a 
leading English language daily newspaper having general circulation in Europe. Any such notice 
shall be deemed to have been given on the second day after the date of mailing. 
22. 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in 
these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations 
will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 
0.000005 per cent. being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.), (b) all United States dollar amounts 
used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent 
being rounded up), (c) all Japanese Yen amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will 
be rounded downwards to the next lower whole Japanese Yen amount, and (d) all amounts 
denominated in any other currency used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to 
the nearest two decimal places in such currency, with 0.005 being rounded upwards. 
23. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing law: The Notes, the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement and any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of, or in connection with them, are governed by English law. 
(b) 
English courts: Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor agrees that the courts of England have 
exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute (a "Dispute") arising out of or in connection with the 
Notes (including any non-contractual obligation arising out of or in connection with the Notes).  
(c) 
Appropriate forum: Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor agrees that the courts of England are the 
most appropriate and convenient courts to settle any Dispute and, accordingly, that it will not argue 
to the contrary. 
(d) 
Service of process: Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor agrees that the documents which start any 
Proceedings and any other documents required to be served in relation to those Proceedings may 
be served on it by being delivered to SGS United Kingdom Limited at Inward Way, Rossmore 
Business Park, Ellesmere Port, CH65 3EN, United Kingdom, or to such other person with an 
address in England or Wales and/or at such other address in England or Wales as the Issuer or 
Guarantor may specify by notice in writing to the Noteholders. Nothing in this paragraph shall 
affect the right of any Noteholder to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. This 
Condition applies to Proceedings in England and to Proceedings elsewhere. 
(e) 
Rights of the Trustee or the Noteholders to take proceedings outside England: Notwithstanding 
Condition 23(b) (English courts), the Trustee or any Noteholder may take proceedings relating to 
a Dispute ("Proceedings") in any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, the 
Trustee or the Noteholders may take concurrent Proceedings in any number of jurisdictions.

--- Page 86 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 83 - 
70-40753911 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of EU MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000  (the 
"FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.] 
[EU MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in EU MiFID II; or (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes 
to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling 
or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]1 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, 
as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as 
defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA ("UK 
MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients 
are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") 
should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.]2 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to Sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of 
Singapore)(as modified or amended from time to time, the "SFA"), the Issuer has determined, and hereby 
notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes are ["prescribed capital 
 
1  
To be included when there are EU MiFID Manufacturers. 
2  
To be included when there are UK MiFIR Manufacturers.

--- Page 87 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 84 - 
70-40753911 
 
markets products "]/["capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products"] (as defined 
in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018)] 
Final Terms dated [] 
 
SGS NEDERLAND HOLDING B.V. 
(Legal entity Identifier (LEI): 213800U69SS972KARU16 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
Guaranteed by SGS S.A. 
 
under the  
EUR 1,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 7 April 2021 [and the supplemental prospectus[es] 
dated [] and []] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes 
of the EU Prospectus Regulation. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein 
for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus 
in order to obtain all the relevant information.  
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
“Conditions”) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [original date] [and the supplement to it dated [date]] 
and incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus dated [latest base prospectus date]. This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation 
and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated [latest base prospectus date] [and the 
supplement[s] to it dated [date] and [date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the “Base 
Prospectus”) for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation, including the Conditions incorporated by 
reference in the Base Prospectus, in order to obtain all the relevant information.] 
The expression "EU Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which 
case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote 
guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
1. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[] 
 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes 
become fungible: 
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated, form a 
single series and be interchangeable for trading purposes 
with the [] on [[]/the Issue Date/exchange of the 
Temporary Global Note for interests in the Permanent 
Global Note, as referred to in paragraph [23] below [which 
is expected to occur on or about []].] 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[]

--- Page 88 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 85 - 
70-40753911 
 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from []] 
5. 
(i) 
Specified 
 
Denominations: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Calculation 
 
Amount: 
[] 
6. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Interest  Commencement 
 
Date: 
[[]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest Payment 
Date falling in or nearest to the relevant month and year] 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[][] [EURIBOR/LIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/€STR] +/– [] 
per cent. Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
(see paragraph [13/14/15] below) 
9. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at []/[100] per cent. of their nominal amount. 
10. 
Change 
of 
Interest 
or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Specify the date when any Fixed to floating rate change 
occurs (or vice versa) or refer to paragraphs 13 and 14 
below and identify there/Not Applicable] 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
[Change of Control Put]  
 
 
[Issuer Call]  
[Issuer Residual Call] 
 
 
[See paragraph [16/17/18/19] below)] 
12. 
[Date [Board] / Committee 
approval for issuance of Notes and 
Guarantee respectively obtained]: 
[] [and []], respectively  
(N.B Only relevant where Board (or similar) authorisation 
is required for the particular tranche of Notes or related 
Guarantee) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum payable [annually / semi-annually / 
quarterly] in arrear on each Interest Payment Date 
 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[] in each year

--- Page 89 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 86 - 
70-40753911 
 
 
(iii) 
Fixed 
Coupon 
Amount[(s)]: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Fixed Coupon Amount for 
a short or long Interest 
Period 
("Broken 
Amount(s)"): 
[] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [] 
 
(v) 
Day 
Count 
 
Fraction: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA) / other] 
14. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Specified  
Period: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment 
Dates: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
First 
Interest 
Payment 
Date: 
[][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention] 
 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ Preceding Business Day Convention/Modified 
Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
(v) 
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
 
(vi) 
Manner 
in 
which 
the 
Rate(s) of Interest is/are to 
be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
(vii) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest 
and/or 
Interest 
Amount(s) 
(if 
not the 
Principal Paying Agent): 
[] shall be the Calculation Agent 
 
(viii) 
Screen Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[][] [EURIBOR/LIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/€STR] 
 
• 
Term Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Relevant Time: 
[] / [[11.00 a.m./[     ]] in the Relevant Financial Centre] / 
[Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[] / [London/New York/Brussels/[     ]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Overnight Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Index Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Relevant 
Number: 
[[5 / [    ]] [London Banking Days]/[U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days]/[Not Applicable] 
 
- 
D: 
[360/365/[      ]] / [Not Applicable]

--- Page 90 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 87 - 
70-40753911 
 
 
- 
Observation Method: 
[Lag/Lock-out/Observation Shift/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Lag Period: 
[5 / [     ] [London Banking Days] [U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days] [TARGET Business Days] 
[[City] Banking Days] [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Observation 
Shift Period: 
[5 / [     ] [London Banking Days] [U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days] [TARGET Business Days] 
[[City] Banking Days] [Not Applicable]  
(NB: A minimum of 5 relevant business/banking days should 
be specified for the Lag Period or Observation Shift Period, 
unless otherwise agreed with the Calculation Agent) 
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[]/[][TARGET/[]] Business Days [in [[]] prior to the 
[] day in each Interest Period/each Interest Payment 
Date][The [first/[]] [London Banking Day]/[TARGET 
Business Day]/ [U.S. Government Securities Business Day] 
falling after the last day of the relevant Observation Period] 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[] 
 
(ix) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[] 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[] 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[] 
 
[ 
ISDA 
Benchmarks 
Supplement: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
[Linear interpolation  
Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated 
using Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)]  
 
(xi) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][] per cent. per annum 
 
(xii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[0.00] / [] per cent. per annum] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xiii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[] per cent. per annum] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xiv) 
Day 
Count 
 
Fraction: 
[] 
15. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction in 
relation 
to 
Early 
Redemption Amount: 
[] 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA) / other] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
16. 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 91 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 88 - 
70-40753911 
 
 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s) (Call): 
[]/ [Any day during the period from (and including) [] to 
([but excluding/and including]) [the Maturity Date]/[] 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount (Call) of each 
Note: 
[] per Calculation Amount[/Make-whole Redemption 
Price]  
[(in the case of the Optional Redemption Dates falling on 
[]/[in the period from and including [date]]  
 
[(iii) 
Make Whole Redemption 
Price: 
[Non-Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount / Sterling 
Make Whole Redemption Amount/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub paragraphs(a) – 
(c) of this paragraph)] 
 
[(a) 
Reference Bond: 
[Insert applicable Reference Bond] 
 
[(b) 
Quotation Time: 
[] 
 
[(c) 
Redemption 
Margin: 
[] per cent. 
 
[(d) 
Reference Dealers: 
[] 
 
[(e)  
Par 
Redemption 
Date: 
[]/Not Applicable 
 
(iii) 
Redemption in part: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount 
[] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Notice period: 
Minimum period: [] days 
Maximum period: [] days 
17 
Issuer Residual Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i)  
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount (Residual Call)  
[] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii)  
Notice period: 
Minimum period: [] days  
Maximum period: [] days 
18 
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s) (Put): 
[]/[Any day during the period from (and including) [] to 
([but excluding/and including]) [the Maturity Date]/[] 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount (Put) of each Note 
and method, if any, of 
[] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 92 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 89 - 
70-40753911 
 
calculation 
of 
such 
amount(s): 
 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
Minimum period: [] days 
Maximum period: [] days 
19 
Change of Control Put Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (A Change of Control Put 
option is contained in Condition 9(g)] 
 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
20 
Final Redemption Amount  
[] per Calculation Amount 
21 
Early Redemption Amount (Tax) 
[] per Calculation Amount 
22. 
Early Termination Amount: 
[] per Calculation Amount  
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
23. 
Form of Notes: 
Bearer Notes: 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes on 
[] days' notice/at any time/in the limited circumstances 
described in the Permanent Global Note] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
on [] days' notice] 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
on [] days' notice/at any time/in the limited circumstances 
described in the Permanent Global Note] 
 
 
Registered Notes: 
 
 
[Global Registered Note exchangeable for individual Note 
Certificates on [] days' notice/at any time/in the limited 
circumstances described in the Global Registered Note] 
 
 
[Global Registered Note [(U.S.$/Euro [] nominal amount)] 
registered in the name of a nominee for a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg/a 
common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (that is, held under the New Safekeeping 
Structure).] 
24. 
New Global Note: 
[Yes] [No]/[Not Applicable] 
25. 
Additional Financial Centre(s) or 
other special provisions relating to 
payment dates: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
26. 
Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Notes (and 
dates on which 
such Talons 
mature): 
[Yes/No. As the Notes have more than 27 coupon payments, 
talons may be required if, on exchange into definitive form, 
more than 27 coupon payments are left.]

--- Page 93 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 90 - 
70-40753911 
 
Signed on behalf of SGS Nederland Holding B.V.: 
By: 
............................................ 
Duly authorised 
Signed on behalf of the SGS S.A.: 
By: 
............................................. 
Duly authorised

--- Page 94 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 91 - 
70-40753911 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION 
TO TRADING 
 
 
(i) 
Listing of the Notes and 
Admission to Trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
and listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange with effect from [].] [Application is expected 
to be made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes 
to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and listed on the Official 
List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange with effect from 
[].] [Not Applicable.] 
 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to 
trading: 
[] 
2. 
RATINGS 
The Notes to be issued [have been/are expected to be] 
rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings assigned to 
Notes of this type issued under the Programme 
generally]: 
 
Ratings: 
[Standard & Poor's entity]: []] 
 
 
[Moody's entity]: []] 
 
 
[Fitch entity]: []] 
 
 
[[Other]: []] 
 
 
[Include a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings 
if this has previously been published by the rating 
provider.] 
 
 
Option 1 - CRA established in the EEA and registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation and details of whether 
rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency established 
and registered in the UK or certified under the UK CRA 
Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the EEA and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "EU CRA Regulation"). [[Insert legal 
name of particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] appears on the latest update of the list of 
registered credit rating agencies (as of [insert date of 
most 
recent 
list]) 
on 
the 
ESMA 
website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating [Insert legal 
name of particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert legal 
name of credit rating agency], which is established in the 
UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(the "UK CRA Regulation").] /[[ Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
has been certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009

--- Page 95 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 92 - 
70-40753911 
 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
( the "UK CRA Regulation ").]/ [[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
has not been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 ( the "UK CRA Regulation") and the rating it 
has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under the 
CRA Regulation (UK).] 
 
 
Option 2 - CRA established in the EEA, not registered 
under the CRA Regulation but has applied for 
registration and details of whether rating is endorsed by 
a credit rating agency established and registered in the 
UK or certified under the CRA Regulation (UK) 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the EEA and has 
applied for registration under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA Regulation"), 
although notification of the corresponding registration 
decision has not yet been provided by the [relevant 
competent authority] /[European Securities and Markets 
Authority]. [[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] appears on the latest 
update of the list of registered credit rating agencies (as 
of [insert date of most recent list]) on the ESMA website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating [Insert legal 
name of particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert legal 
name of credit rating agency], which is established in the 
UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
( the "CRA Regulation (UK)").] /[[ Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
has been certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
( the "CRA Regulation (UK)").]/ [[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
has not been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 ( the "CRA Regulation (UK)") and the rating 
it has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under the 
CRA Regulation (UK).] 
 
 
Option 3 - CRA established in the EEA, not registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation and not applied for 
registration and details of whether rating is endorsed by 
a credit rating agency established and registered in the 
UK or certified under the UK CRA Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the EEA and is 
neither registered nor has it applied for registration under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU

--- Page 96 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 93 - 
70-40753911 
 
CRA Regulation"). [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] appears on 
the latest update of the list of registered credit rating 
agencies (as of [insert date of most recent list]) on the 
ESMA website http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] has given to the Notes is 
endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating agency], 
which is established in the UK and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the "UK CRA 
Regulation (UK)").] /[[ Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has been 
certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( 
the "UK CRA Regulation").]/ [[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
has not been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 ( the "UK CRA Regulation") and the rating it 
has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under the 
UK CRA Regulation.] 
 
 
Option 4 - CRA established in the UK and registered 
under the UK CRA Regulation and details of whether 
rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency established 
and registered in the EEA or certified under the EU 
CRA Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the UK and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( 
the "UK CRA Regulation"). [[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
appears on the latest update of the list of registered credit 
rating agencies (as of [insert date of most recent list]) on 
[FCA]. [The rating [Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] has given to the 
Notes to be issued under the Programme is endorsed by 
[insert legal name of credit rating agency], which is 
established in the EEA and registered under Regulation 
(EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation").] [[ Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] has been certified 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"EU CRA Regulation").] [[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
has not been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as amended (the "UK CRA Regulation") 
and the rating it has given to the Notes is not endorsed by 
a credit rating agency established in the EEA and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation.] 
 
 
Option 5 - CRA not established in the EEA or the UK 
but relevant rating is endorsed by a CRA which is

--- Page 97 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 94 - 
70-40753911 
 
established and registered under the CRA Regulation 
(EU) AND/OR under the CRA Regulation (UK) 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the EEA or 
the UK but the rating it has given to the Notes to be issued 
under the Programme is endorsed by [[insert legal name 
of credit rating agency], which is established in the EEA 
and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "EU CRA Regulation")][and][[insert 
legal name of credit rating agency], which is established 
in the UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 ( the "UK CRA Regulation")]. 
 
 
Option 6 - CRA not established in the EEA or the UK 
and relevant rating is not endorsed under the CRA 
Regulation (EU) or the CRA Regulation (UK) but CRA 
is certified under the CRA Regulation (EU) AND/OR 
under the CRA Regulation (UK) 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the EEA or 
the UK but is certified under [Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, 
as 
amended 
(the 
"EU 
CRA 
Regulation")][and][ Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
"UK CRA Regulation"]. 
 
 
Option 7 - CRA neither established in the EEA or the 
UK nor certified under the EU CRA Regulation or the 
UK CRA Regulation and relevant rating is not endorsed 
under the EU CRA Regulation or the UK CRA 
Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the EEA or 
the UK and is not certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation") or 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to the Notes is 
not endorsed by a credit rating agency established in 
either the EEA and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation or in the UK and registered under the UK 
CRA Regulation. 
 
 
 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer and the Guarantor 
are aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the issue. 
The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other 
services for, the Issuer and the Guarantor and their affiliates in the ordinary course of business.]

--- Page 98 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 95 - 
70-40753911 
 
4. 
[Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[] 
 
 
 
5. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN: 
[] 
 
Common Code: 
[] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
 
 
Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator legal 
name]][repeat as necessary]. As at the date hereof, 
[[administrator 
legal 
name][appears]/[does 
not 
appear]][repeat as necessary] in the register of 
administrators 
and 
benchmarks established 
and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of 
administrators and benchmarks) of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation]/[As far as the Issuer is aware, as at the date 
hereof, [specify benchmark] does not fall within the 
scope of the EU Benchmarks Regulation]/ [As far as the 
Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 
of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended apply, such 
that [name of administrator] is not currently required to 
obtain authorisation/registration (or, if located outside 
the European Union, recognition, endorsement or 
equivalence)]/ [Not Applicable] 
 
[Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means that 
the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with 
one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper [, and registered 
in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as 
common safekeeper] [include this text for registered 
notes] and does not necessarily mean that the Notes will 
be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB 
being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.]/  
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that the 
Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may then 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper [, and registered in the name of a nominee of 
one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper] [include 
this text for registered notes]. Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will then be recognised 
as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met.]

--- Page 99 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 96 - 
70-40753911 
 
6. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
 
 
 
(i) 
Method 
of 
 
Distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated: 
(A) 
Names of Dealers 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(B)  
Stabilisation 
 
Manager(s),  
if 
 
any: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(iii)  
If 
non-syndicated, 
 
name  
of Dealer: 
 
 
(iv)  
U.S. 
Selling 
 
Restrictions: 
[Reg S Compliance Category [1/2]; TEFRA C/TEFRA 
D/TEFRA not applicable] 
 
(v) 
Prohibition of Sales to 
 
EEA Retail Investors: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If the 
Notes may constitute "packaged" products, "Applicable" 
should be specified.) 
 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to 
 
UK Retail Investors: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, or the Notes do constitute "packaged" products 
and a key information document will be prepared in the 
UK, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If the Notes 
may constitute "packaged" products, "Applicable" 
should be specified.) 
7. 
USE AND ESTIMATED NET 
AMOUNT OF PROCEEDS 
 
 
(i) 
Use of Proceeds: 
[See "Use of Proceeds" wording in the Base Prospectus.] 
[The Notes are intended to be issued as Sustainability 
Bonds, [further particulars to be provided].] [The Issuer 
will allocate the net proceeds towards the financing 
and/or refinancing of Eligible Projects]/[specify other 
uses for the Sustainability Bond proceeds]] 
 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[]

--- Page 100 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 97 - 
70-40753911 
 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
The Pricing Supplement in respect of each Tranche of Notes which are Exempt Notes, will be in the 
following form, duly completed to reflect the particular terms of the relevant Notes and their issue. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of EU MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the 
"FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.] 
[EU MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in EU MiFID II; or (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes 
to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling 
or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]3 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, 
as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as 
defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA ("UK 
MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients 
are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") 
should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.]4 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to Sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of 
Singapore)(as modified or amended from time to time, the "SFA"), the Issuer has determined, and hereby 
 
3  
To be included when there are EU MiFID Manufacturers. 
4  
To be included when there are UK MiFIR Manufacturers.

--- Page 101 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 98 - 
70-40753911 
 
notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes are ["prescribed capital 
markets products "]/["capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products"] (as defined 
in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018)] 
 
Pricing Supplement dated [] 
 
SGS NEDERLAND HOLDING B.V. 
(Legal entity Identifier (LEI): 213800U69SS972KARU16 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
Guaranteed by SGS S.A. 
 
under the  
EUR 1,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 7 April 2021 [and the supplemental prospectus[es] 
dated [] and []] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus"). This document 
constitutes the Pricing Supplement for the Notes described herein and must be read in conjunction with the 
Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information.  
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which 
case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote 
guidance for completing the Pricing Supplement.] 
1. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[] 
 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes 
become fungible: 
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated, form a 
single series and be interchangeable for trading purposes 
with the [] on [[]/the Issue Date/exchange of the 
Temporary Global Note for interests in the Permanent 
Global Note, as referred to in paragraph [23] below [which 
is expected to occur on or about []].] 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from []] 
5. 
(i) 
Specified 
 
Denominations: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Calculation 
 
Amount: 
[]

--- Page 102 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 99 - 
70-40753911 
 
6. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Interest  Commencement 
 
Date: 
[[]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest Payment 
Date falling in or nearest to the relevant month and year] 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[][] [EURIBOR/LIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/€STR] +/– [] 
per cent. Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
(see paragraph [13/14] below) 
9 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at []/[100] per cent. of their nominal amount. 
10 
Change 
of 
Interest 
or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Specify the date when any Fixed to floating rate change 
occurs  (or vice versa) or refer to paragraph 13 below and 
identify there/Not Applicable] 
11 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
[Change of Control Put]  
 
 
[Issuer Call]  
[Issuer Residual Call] 
 
 
[See paragraph [16/17/18/19] below)] 
12. 
[Date [Board] / Committee 
approval for issuance of Notes and 
Guarantee respectively obtained]: 
[] [and []], respectively  
(N.B Only relevant where Board (or similar) authorisation 
is required for the particular tranche of Notes or related 
Guarantee) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum payable [annually / semi-annually / 
quarterly] in arrear on each Interest Payment Date 
 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[] in each year 
 
(iii) 
Fixed 
Coupon 
Amount[(s)]: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Fixed Coupon Amount for 
a short or long Interest 
Period 
("Broken 
Amount(s)"): 
[] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] []

--- Page 103 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 100 - 
70-40753911 
 
 
(v) 
Day 
Count 
 
Fraction: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA) / other] 
14. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Specified  
Period: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment 
Dates: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
First 
Interest 
Payment 
Date: 
[][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention] 
 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ Preceding Business Day Convention/Modified 
Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
(v) 
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
 
(vi) 
Manner 
in 
which 
the 
Rate(s) of Interest is/are to 
be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
(vii) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest 
and/or 
Interest 
Amount(s) 
(if 
not the 
Principal Paying Agent): 
[] shall be the Calculation Agent 
 
(viii) 
Screen Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[][] [EURIBOR/LIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/€STR] 
 
• 
Term Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Relevant Time: 
[] / [[11.00 a.m./[     ]] in the Relevant Financial Centre] / 
[Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[] / [London/New York/Brussels/[     ]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Overnight Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Index Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Relevant 
Number: 
[[5 / [    ]] [London Banking Days]/[U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days]/[Not Applicable] 
 
- 
D: 
[360/365/[      ]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Observation Method: 
[Lag/Lock-out/Observation Shift/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Lag Period: 
[5 / [     ] [London Banking Days] [U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days] [TARGET Business Days] 
[[City] Banking Days] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 104 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 101 - 
70-40753911 
 
 
• 
Observation 
Shift Period: 
[5 / [     ] [London Banking Days] [U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days] [TARGET Business Days] 
[[City] Banking Days] [Not Applicable]  
(NB: A minimum of 5 relevant business/banking days should 
be specified for the Lag Period or Observation Shift Period, 
unless otherwise agreed with the Calculation Agent) 
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[]/[][TARGET/[]] Business Days [in [[]] prior to the 
[] day in each Interest Period/each Interest Payment 
Date][The [first/[]] [London Banking Day]/[TARGET 
Business Day]/ [U.S. Government Securities Business Day] 
falling after the last day of the relevant Observation Period] 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[] 
 
(ix) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[] 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[] 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[] 
 
[ 
ISDA 
Benchmarks 
Supplement: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
[Linear interpolation  
Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated 
using Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)]  
 
(xi) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][] per cent. per annum 
 
(xii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[0.00] / [] per cent. per annum] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xiii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[] per cent. per annum] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xiv) 
Day 
Count 
 
Fraction: 
[] 
15. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction in 
relation 
to 
Early 
Redemption Amount: 
[] 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA) / other] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
16. 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s) (Call): 
[]/ [Any day during the period from (and including) [] to 
([but excluding/and including]) [the Maturity Date]/[] 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount (Call) of each 
Note: 
[] per Calculation Amount[/Make-whole Redemption 
Price]

--- Page 105 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 102 - 
70-40753911 
 
[(in the case of the Optional Redemption Dates falling on 
[]/[in the period from and including [date]]  
 
[(iii) 
Make Whole Redemption 
Price: 
[Non-Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount / Sterling 
Make Whole Redemption Amount/Not Applica ble] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub paragraphs(a) – 
(c) of this paragraph)] 
 
[(a) 
Reference Bond: 
[Insert applicable Reference Bond] 
 
[(b) 
Quotation Time: 
[] 
 
[(c) 
Redemption 
Margin: 
[] per cent. 
 
[(d) 
Reference Dealers: 
[] 
 
[(e)  
Par 
Redemption 
Date: 
[]/Not Applicable 
 
(iii) 
Redemption in part: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount 
[] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Notice period: 
Minimum period: [] days 
Maximum period: [] days 
17. 
Issuer Residual Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i)  
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount (Residual Call)  
[] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii)  
Notice period: 
Minimum period: [] days  
Maximum period: [] days 
18. 
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s) (Put): 
[]/[Any day during the period from (and including) [] to 
([but excluding/and including]) [the Maturity Date]/[] 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount (Put) of each Note 
and method, if any, of 
calculation 
of 
such 
amount(s): 
[] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
Minimum period: [] days 
Maximum period: [] days

--- Page 106 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 103 - 
70-40753911 
 
19. 
Change of Control Put Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (A Change of Control Put 
option is contained in Condition 9(g)] 
 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
20. 
Final Redemption Amount  
[] per Calculation Amount 
21. 
Early Redemption Amount (Tax) 
[] per Calculation Amount 
22. 
Early Termination Amount: 
[] per Calculation Amount  
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
23. 
Form of Notes: 
Bearer Notes: 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes on 
[] days' notice/at any time/in the limited circumstances 
described in the Permanent Global Note] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
on [] days' notice] 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
on [] days' notice/at any time/in the limited circumstances 
described in the Permanent Global Note] 
 
 
Registered Notes: 
 
 
[Global Registered Note exchangeable for individual Note 
Certificates on [] days' notice/at any time/in the limited 
circumstances described in the Global Registered Note] 
 
 
[Global Registered Note [(U.S.$/Euro [] nominal amount)] 
registered in the name of a nominee for a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg/a 
common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (that is, held under the New Safekeeping 
Structure).] 
24. 
New Global Note: 
[Yes] [No]/[Not Applicable] 
25. 
Additional Financial Centre(s) or 
other special provisions relating to 
payment dates: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
26. 
Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Notes (and 
dates on which 
such 
Talons 
mature): 
[Yes/No. As the Notes have more than 27 coupon payments, 
talons may be required if, on exchange into definitive form, 
more than 27 coupon payments are left.] 
 
 
 
Signed on behalf of SGS Nederland Holding B.V.: 
By: 
............................................ 
Duly authorised 
Signed on behalf of the SGS S.A.:

--- Page 107 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 104 - 
70-40753911 
 
By: 
............................................. 
Duly authorised

--- Page 108 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 105 - 
70-40753911 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION 
TO TRADING 
 
 
(i) 
Listing of the Notes and 
Admission to Trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
and listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange with effect from [].] [Application is expected 
to be made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes 
to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and listed on the Official 
List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange with effect from 
[].] [Not Applicable.] 
 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to 
trading: 
[] 
2. 
RATINGS 
The Notes to be issued [have been/are expected to be] 
rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings assigned to 
Notes of this type issued under the Programme 
generally]: 
 
Ratings: 
[Standard & Poor's entity]: []] 
 
 
[Moody's entity]: []] 
 
 
[Fitch entity]: []] 
 
 
[[Other]: []] 
 
 
[Include a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings 
if this has previously been published by the rating 
provider.] 
 
 
Option 1 - CRA established in the EEA and registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation and details of whether 
rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency established 
and registered in the UK or certified under the UK CRA 
Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the EEA and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "EU CRA Regulation"). [[Insert legal 
name of particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] appears on the latest update of the list of 
registered credit rating agencies (as of [insert date of 
most 
recent 
list]) 
on 
the 
ESMA 
website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating [Insert legal 
name of particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert legal 
name of credit rating agency], which is established in the 
UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(the "UK CRA Regulation").] /[[ Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
has been certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009

--- Page 109 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 106 - 
70-40753911 
 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
( the "UK CRA Regulation ").]/ [[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
has not been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 ( the "UK CRA Regulation") and the rating it 
has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under the 
CRA Regulation (UK).] 
 
 
Option 2 - CRA established in the EEA, not registered 
under the CRA Regulation but has applied for 
registration and details of whether rating is endorsed by 
a credit rating agency established and registered in the 
UK or certified under the CRA Regulation (UK) 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the EEA and has 
applied for registration under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA Regulation"), 
although notification of the corresponding registration 
decision has not yet been provided by the [relevant 
competent authority] /[European Securities and Markets 
Authority]. [[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] appears on the latest 
update of the list of registered credit rating agencies (as 
of [insert date of most recent list]) on the ESMA website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating [Insert legal 
name of particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert legal 
name of credit rating agency], which is established in the 
UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
( the "CRA Regulation (UK)").] /[[ Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
has been certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
( the "CRA Regulation (UK)").]/ [[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
has not been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 ( the "CRA Regulation (UK)") and the rating 
it has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under the 
CRA Regulation (UK).] 
 
 
Option 3 - CRA established in the EEA, not registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation and not applied for 
registration and details of whether rating is endorsed by 
a credit rating agency established and registered in the 
UK or certified under the UK CRA Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the EEA and is 
neither registered nor has it applied for registration under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU

--- Page 110 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 107 - 
70-40753911 
 
CRA Regulation"). [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] appears on 
the latest update of the list of registered credit rating 
agencies (as of [insert date of most recent list]) on the 
ESMA website http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] has given to the Notes is 
endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating agency], 
which is established in the UK and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the "UK CRA 
Regulation (UK)").] /[[ Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has been 
certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( 
the "UK CRA Regulation").]/ [[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
has not been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 ( the "UK CRA Regulation") and the rating it 
has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under the 
UK CRA Regulation.] 
 
 
Option 4 - CRA established in the UK and registered 
under the UK CRA Regulation and details of whether 
rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency established 
and registered in the EEA or certified under the EU 
CRA Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the UK and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( 
the "UK CRA Regulation"). [[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
appears on the latest update of the list of registered credit 
rating agencies (as of [insert date of most recent list]) on 
[FCA]. [The rating [Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] has given to the 
Notes to be issued under the Programme is endorsed by 
[insert legal name of credit rating agency], which is 
established in the EEA and registered under Regulation 
(EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation").] [[ Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] has been certified 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"EU CRA Regulation").] [[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
has not been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as amended (the "UK CRA Regulation") 
and the rating it has given to the Notes is not endorsed by 
a credit rating agency established in the EEA and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation.] 
 
 
Option 5 - CRA not established in the EEA or the UK 
but relevant rating is endorsed by a CRA which is

--- Page 111 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 108 - 
70-40753911 
 
established and registered under the CRA Regulation 
(EU) AND/OR under the CRA Regulation (UK) 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the EEA or 
the UK but the rating it has given to the Notes to be issued 
under the Programme is endorsed by [[insert legal name 
of credit rating agency], which is established in the EEA 
and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "EU CRA Regulation")][and][[insert 
legal name of credit rating agency], which is established 
in the UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 ( the "UK CRA Regulation")]. 
 
 
Option 6 - CRA not established in the EEA or the UK 
and relevant rating is not endorsed under the CRA 
Regulation (EU) or the CRA Regulation (UK) but CRA 
is certified under the CRA Regulation (EU) AND/OR 
under the CRA Regulation (UK) 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the EEA or 
the UK but is certified under [Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, 
as 
amended 
(the 
"EU 
CRA 
Regulation")][and][ Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
"UK CRA Regulation"]. 
 
 
Option 7 - CRA neither established in the EEA or the 
UK nor certified under the EU CRA Regulation or the 
UK CRA Regulation and relevant rating is not endorsed 
under the EU CRA Regulation or the UK CRA 
Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the EEA or 
the UK and is not certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation") or 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to the Notes is 
not endorsed by a credit rating agency established in 
either the EEA and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation or in the UK and registered under the UK 
CRA Regulation. 
 
 
 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer and the Guarantor 
are aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the issue. 
The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other 
services for, the Issuer and the Guarantor and their affiliates in the ordinary course of business.]

--- Page 112 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 109 - 
70-40753911 
 
4. 
[Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[] 
 
 
 
5. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN: 
[] 
 
Common Code: 
[] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
 
 
Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator legal 
name]][repeat as necessary]. As at the date hereof, 
[[administrator 
legal 
name][appears]/[does 
not 
appear]][repeat as necessary] in the register of 
administrators 
and 
benchmarks established 
and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of 
administrators and benchmarks) of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation]/[As far as the Issuer is aware, as at the date 
hereof, [specify benchmark] does not fall within the 
scope of the EU Benchmarks Regulation]/ [As far as the 
Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 
of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended apply, such 
that [name of administrator] is not currently required to 
obtain authorisation/registration (or, if located outside 
the European Union, recognition, endorsement or 
equivalence)]/ [Not Applicable] 
 
[Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means that 
the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with 
one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper [, and registered 
in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as 
common safekeeper] [include this text for registered 
notes] and does not necessarily mean that the Notes will 
be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB 
being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.]/  
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the 
date of this Pricing Supplement, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that the 
Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may then 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper [, and registered in the name of a nominee of 
one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper] [include 
this text for registered notes]. Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will then be recognised 
as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met.]

--- Page 113 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 110 - 
70-40753911 
 
6. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
 
 
 
(i) 
Method 
of 
 
Distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated: 
(A) 
Names of Dealers 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(B)  
Stabilisation 
 
Manager(s),  
if 
 
any: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(iii)  
If 
non-syndicated, 
 
name  
of Dealer: 
 
 
(iv)  
U.S. 
Selling 
 
Restrictions: 
[Reg S Compliance Category [1/2]; TEFRA C/TEFRA 
D/TEFRA not applicable] 
 
(v) 
Prohibition of Sales to 
 
EEA Retail Investors: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If the 
Notes may constitute "packaged" products, "Applicable" 
should be specified.) 
 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to 
 
UK Retail Investors: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, or the Notes do constitute "packaged" products 
and a key information document will be prepared in the 
UK, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If the Notes 
may constitute "packaged" products, "Applicable" 
should be specified.) 
7. 
USE AND ESTIMATED NET 
AMOUNT OF PROCEEDS 
 
 
(i) 
Use of Proceeds: 
[See "Use of Proceeds" wording in the Base Prospectus.] 
[The Notes are intended to be issued as Sustainability 
Bonds, [further particulars to be provided].] [The Issuer 
will allocate the net proceeds towards the financing 
and/or refinancing of Eligible Projects]/[specify other 
uses for the Sustainability Bond proceeds]] 
 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[]

--- Page 114 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 111 - 
70-40753911 
 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM  
Clearing System Accountholders 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a Global Note in bearer form, references in the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes to "Noteholder" are references to the bearer of the relevant Global Note which, 
for so long as the Global Note is held by a depositary or a common depositary, in the case of a CGN, or a 
common safekeeper, in the case of an NGN for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any 
other relevant clearing system, will be that depositary or common depositary or, as the case may be, 
common safekeeper. 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a Global Registered Note, references in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes to "Noteholder" are references to the person in whose name such Global Registered 
Note is for the time being registered in the Register which, for so long as the Global Registered Note is held 
by or on behalf of a depositary or a common depositary or a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, will be that depositary or common 
depositary or common safekeeper or a nominee for that depositary or common depositary or common 
safekeeper. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Note or a Global Registered Note (each 
an "Accountholder") must look solely to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such other 
relevant clearing system (as the case may be) for such Accountholder's share of each payment made by the 
Issuer or the Guarantor to or to the order of the holder of such Global Note or Global Registered Note and 
in relation to all other rights arising under such Global Note or Global Registered Note. The extent to which, 
and the manner in which, Accountholders may exercise any rights arising under the Global Note or Global 
Registered Note will be determined by the respective rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and any other relevant clearing system from time to time. For so long as the relevant Notes 
are represented by a Global Note or Global Registered Note, Accountholders shall have no claim directly 
against the Issuer or the Guarantor in respect of payments due under the Notes and such obligations of the 
Issuer and the Guarantor will be discharged by payment to or to the order of the holder of such Global Note 
or Global Registered Note. 
Conditions applicable to Global Notes 
Each Global Note or Global Registered Note will contain provisions which modify the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes as they apply to the Global Note or Global Registered Note. The following is a 
summary of certain of those provisions: 
Payments: All payments in respect of the Global Note or Global Registered Note which, according to the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes, require presentation and/or surrender of a Note, Note Certificate or 
Coupon will be made against presentation and (in the case of payment of principal in full with all interest 
accrued thereon) surrender of the Global Note or Global Registered Note to or to the order of any Paying 
Agent and will be effective to satisfy and discharge the corresponding liabilities of the Issuer and the 
Guarantor in respect of the Notes. On each occasion on which a payment of principal or interest is made in 
respect of the Global Note, the Issuer shall procure that in respect of a CGN the payment is noted in a 
schedule thereto and in respect of an NGN the payment is entered pro rata in the records of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Payment Business Day: In the case of a Global Note or Global Registered Note, a Payment Business Day 
shall be: if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on 
which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or, if 
the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may 
be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional 
Financial Centre. 
Payment Record Date: Each payment in respect of a Global Registered Note will be made to the person 
shown as the Holder in the Register at the close of business (in the relevant clearing system) on the Clearing 
System Business Day before the due date for such payment (the "Record Date") where "Clearing System 
Business Day" means a day on which each clearing system for which the Global Registered Note is being 
held is open for business.

--- Page 115 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 112 - 
70-40753911 
 
Partial exercise of call option: In connection with an exercise of the option contained in Condition 9(c) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer) in relation to some only of the Notes, the Permanent Global Note 
or Global Registered Note may be redeemed in part in the principal amount specified by the Issuer in 
accordance with the Conditions and the Notes to be redeemed will not be selected as provided in the 
Conditions but in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (to 
be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction 
in principal amount, at their discretion). 
Exercise of put option or Change of Control Put Option: In order to exercise the option contained in 
Condition 9(f) (Redemption at the option of Noteholders) or Condition 9(g) (Change of Control Put Option) 
the bearer of a Permanent Global Note or the holder of a Global Registered Note must, within the period 
specified in the Conditions for the deposit of the relevant Note give notice of such exercise to the Principal 
Paying Agent, in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
any other relevant clearing system, specifying the principal amount of Notes in respect of which such option 
is being exercised. Any such notice will be irrevocable and may not be withdrawn. Accountholders wishing 
to arrange for their Notes to be put must arrange for their instructions to be given in accordance with the 
rules and procedures of the clearing system through which they hold their interest in such Notes, which 
may require the transfer of such Notes, or the blocking thereof, in the relevant clearing system. 
Notices: Notwithstanding Condition 21 (Notices), while all the Notes are represented by a Permanent 
Global Note (or by a Permanent Global Note and/or a Temporary Global Note) or Global Registered Note 
and the Permanent Global Note is (or the Permanent Global Note and/or the Temporary Global Note are), 
or Global Registered Note is deposited with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system or a common safekeeper, notices to 
Noteholders may (in lieu of Condition 21 (Notices)) be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and, in any case, such notices 
shall be deemed to have been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 21 (Notices) on the 
date of delivery to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, 
except that, for so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and it is 
a requirement of applicable law or regulations, such notices shall also be published in a leading newspaper 
having general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be Luxemburger Wort) or published on the 
website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
Electronic Consent and Written Resolution: While any Global Note or Global Registered Note is held on 
behalf of a clearing system, then:  
(a)  
approval of a resolution proposed by the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Trustee (as the case may be) 
given by way of electronic consents communicated through the electronic communications systems 
of the relevant clearing system(s) in accordance with their operating rules and procedures by or on 
behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. in nominal amount of the outstanding Notes of 
the relevant Series (an "Electronic Consent" as defined in the Trust Deed) shall, for all purposes 
(including matters that would otherwise require an Extraordinary Resolution to be passed at a 
meeting for which a special quorum was satisfied), take effect as an Extraordinary Resolution 
passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened and held, and shall be binding on all Noteholders 
and holders of Coupons, Talons and Receipts whether or not they participated in such Electronic 
Consent; and  
(b)  
where Electronic Consent is not being sought, for the purpose of determining whether a Written 
Resolution (as defined in the Trust Deed) has been validly passed, the Issuer, the Guarantor and 
the Trustee shall be entitled to rely on consent or instructions given in writing directly to the Issuer, 
the Guarantor and/or the Trustee, as the case may be, by (a) accountholders in the clearing system 
with entitlements to such Global Note or Global Registered Note and/or, where (b) the 
accountholders hold any such entitlement on behalf of another person, on written consent from or 
written instruction by the person identified by that accountholder as the person for whom such 
entitlement is held. For the purpose of establishing the entitlement to give any such consent or 
instruction, the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Trustee shall be entitled to rely on any certificate or 
other document issued by, in the case of (a) above, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any 
other relevant alternative clearing system (the "relevant clearing system") and, in the case of (b) 
above, the relevant clearing system and the accountholder identified by the relevant clearing system 
for the purposes of (b) above. Any resolution passed in such manner shall be binding on all 
Noteholders and Couponholders, even if the relevant consent or instruction proves to be defective.

--- Page 116 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 113 - 
70-40753911 
 
Any such certificate or other document shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and 
binding for all purposes. Any such certificate or other document may comprise any form of 
statement or print out of electronic records provided by the relevant clearing system (including 
Euroclear's EUCLID or Clearstream, Luxembourg's CreationOnline system) in accordance with its 
usual procedures and in which the accountholder of a particular principal or nominal amount of the 
Notes is clearly identified together with the amount of such holding. Neither the Issuer, the 
Guarantor or the Trustee shall be liable to any person by reason of having accepted as valid or not 
having rejected any certificate or other document to such effect purporting to be issued by any such 
person and subsequently found to be forged or not authentic.

--- Page 117 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 114 - 
70-40753911 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the Issuer and the Guarantor for their general 
corporate purposes, which include making a profit, and may include refinancing or repayment of existing 
indebtedness. If, in respect of an issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in 
the relevant Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement). 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer and the Guarantor will not use any of the proceeds of the Notes 
in a manner which would constitute a "use of proceeds in Switzerland" (Mittelverwendung in der Schweiz 
/ versement de fonds en Suisse), as interpreted by the Swiss Federal Tax Administration for purposes of 
Swiss withholding tax, unless use in Switzerland is permitted under the Swiss taxation laws in force from 
time to time without payments under the Notes becoming subject to withholding or deduction for Swiss 
withholding tax as a consequence of such use of proceeds in Switzerland. 
Sustainability Bonds 
Notes may be issued as Sustainability Bonds and the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement will 
indicate if the Notes are intended to constitute Sustainability Bonds. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor intend to allocate an amount equal to the net proceeds from any issue of 
Sustainability Bonds to Eligible Projects, in line with any sustainability framework the Issuer may publish 
from time to time. See the risk factor entitled "Risks related to Sustainability Bonds".

--- Page 118 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 115 - 
70-40753911 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
SGS Nederland Holding BV is a company incorporated, registered and operating in the Netherlands with 
company number 24226721 and has its seat at Malledijk 18, Spijkenisse, 3208 LA. The Issuer's legal entity 
identifier ("LEI") is 213800U69SS972KARU16. It was incorporated under Dutch law on 23 May 1919. 
The Issuer's telephone number is +31181693333.   
The Guarantor is the ultimate parent company of the Issuer. The Issuer serves as the holding entity for the 
Dutch operations of the Group and holds directly and indirectly 12 operating entities, all of which are 
incorporated and operating in the Netherlands (the "SGS Netherlands Group"). The Issuer is dependent 
on dividends and intra-group financing arrangements for its income. The Issuer also benefits from an 
unconditional guarantee to provide financial support from the Guarantor for certain tax matters to enable it 
to continue to operate as a going concern, as well as a support letter from the Guarantor for any other 
matters. 
BUSINESS 
The SGS Netherlands Group is an independent service organisation that provides services relating to 
inspection, control, sampling, analysis and certification for goods, products and the environment, as well 
as consulting, storage and distribution for international trade, national enterprises and governments. 
The Issuer is the holding company of the SGS Netherlands Group and a member of the Group and acts as 
issuer for the Group's public debt instruments. For further information on the principal activities of the 
Group as a whole, please see the section "Description of the Guarantor and the Group – Businesses" below.  
MANAGEMENT 
The Board of Managing Directors is the governing body of the Issuer.  
The table below provides information on the members of the Board of Managing Directors, their position 
on the Board and any significant other roles outside the Group. 
Name: 
Position: 
Other roles: 
Johan L.J Pype 
Director 
N/A 
Richard C.A. Oostrom 
Director 
N/A 
The business address of each of the Directors is Malledijk 18, Spijkenisse, 3208 LA, the Netherlands. 
The Issuer is not aware of any potential conflicts of interest between the duties to the Issuer of the persons 
listed above and their private interests or other duties.

--- Page 119 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 116 - 
70-40753911 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GUARANTOR AND THE GROUP 
OVERVIEW 
The SGS S.A. was founded in 1878 and is a company registered with the Commercial Register of the 
Canton of Geneva under register number CHE-105.923.438, operating and incorporated under Swiss law. 
Its registered office is at Place des Alpes 1, P.O. BOX 2152, Geneva, CH-GE 1201. The Guarantor’s LEI 
is 2138007JNS19JHNA2336. The Guarantor’s telephone number is +41 (0)22 739 91 11. 
The Group comprises SGS S.A. and its subsidiaries. The Group is a world leading company in the testing, 
inspection and certification ("TIC") sector. It has more than 89,000 employees, is present in more than 140 
countries and operates a network of more than 2,600 offices and laboratories around the world. 
The Group's purpose is to enable a better, safer and more interconnected world and it designs its service 
solutions around 12 interconnected megatrends: Connectivity; Mobility; Cybersecurity; Sustainability & 
Climate; Natural Resources; Nutrition; Health & Wellness; Industry 4.0; Urbanization; Responsible 
Consumption; Government; and Citizens. 
The Group is active in virtually all sectors of the economy, providing a wide range of inspection, 
verification, testing and certification at all stages of the value chain in the relevant sector: 
Oil and gas:  
Innovative, sustainable solutions that add up along the value chain. 
Mining: 
Delivering expert services to improve speed to market, manage risks and 
maximise returns. 
Energy:  
Powering processes in renewables and conventional energy. 
Chemical: 
Driving innovation, optimisation, efficiency and safety across the board, 
from feedstocks to finished products. 
Agriculture and food:  
Developing innovative safety, quality and sustainability solutions for supply 
chains. 
Industrial 
manufacturing:  
Making manufacturing more productive and profitable. 
Construction:  
Ensuring safety and performance when constructing buildings or 
infrastructure. 
Consumer goods and 
retail:  
Enabling manufacturers, exporters, importers and retailers to generate trust 
throughout the supply chain. 
Transportation:  
Driving a safer, cleaner and more efficient industry. 
Life sciences:  
Safeguarding the quality and efficacy of medicines. 
 
As at 31 December 2020, the Group's total assets amounted to CHF 6,908 million, its equity attributable to 
equity holders of SGS SA amounted to CHF 1,060 million and its total loans and other financial liabilities 
amounted to CHF 3,253 million. As at 31 December 2020, the Group's loans and other financial liabilities 
principally comprised Swiss franc denominated debt securities amounting to CHF 2,600 million and largely 
euro-denominated bank loans amounting to CHF 556 million. 
In the year ended 31 December 2020, the Group's revenue amounted to CHF 5,604 million and its profit 
for the period amounted to CHF 505 million. 
STRATEGY 
In 2020, the Group launched a new stage of its strategic evolution. This aims to align the Group's global 
network more closely to the key TIC megatrends and customer demand. SGS has simplified the Group's 
operational structure into six new areas of focus compared to eight previously. The Group now has four 
divisions: Connectivity & Products; Health & Nutrition; Industries & Environment; and Natural Resources 
as well as two cross-divisional strategic units: Knowledge; and Digital & Innovation. This simplification is 
intended to improve the Group's market approach and increase cooperation and agility in its global network 
and will be supported by its focused capital allocation strategy and economic value-driven performance 
management.

--- Page 120 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 117 - 
70-40753911 
 
In 2020, as part of its continuing acquisition strategy, the Group completed the acquisition of SYNLAB 
Analytics & Services, a leading European provider for environment, food, hygiene, pharma and products 
analysis and testing. This was the largest acquisition in the Group's history, enhancing its market position 
in Europe and accelerating the adoption of its hub and spoke model, offering greater scope for automation 
and digitalisation. It also confirms the next stage of the Group's strategic evolution, which further aligns 
the Group with the key TIC megatrends of Health, Nutrition and Environment. 
The Group remains committed to improving the delivery engine for the Group's services and intends to 
focus on implementing and refining its world class services ("WCS") methodology and its global business 
services ("GBS") model.   
World Class Services 
WCS focuses on improving productivity, reducing organisational waste and enhancing working conditions 
in the Group's laboratories and operations network across the globe. To date, 20 of the Group's larger sites 
have adopted the WCS methodology and are pursuing the Group's 'zero optimum' concept. This means 
striving for zero accidents by embedding a safety culture across the Group, achieving zero waste through 
enhanced workplace organisation, ensuring zero defects through embedding total quality control, ensuring 
zero breakdowns through enhanced productive maintenance and pursuing zero inventory through just in 
time logistics. In so doing, the Group not only benefits its operators, but also provides better value to its 
customers, because it is working faster and more safely, and using its equipment more effectively. 
Lockdowns imposed as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic slowed the strategic progress of the Group in 
the first half of 2020. However, this only temporarily impacted the Group's strategic transformation, as it 
started to provide remote training and conducted its first remote audits to support laboratories in their 
roadmaps to achieve WCS and run more efficiently.  
As the Group transforms into a more digital business, in 2021 the Group plans to continue to exploit 
technology by running training and virtual 'shop-floor' activities at the Group's laboratories. The Group also 
intends to continue to further develop and embed WCS deeper into the initial set of 20 laboratories, 
engaging the Group's people and strengthening its 'zero optimum' culture and have the laboratories audited 
to set an initial benchmark and further expand WCS implementation at other Group sites. 
Global Business Services 
The GBS model involves standardising and harmonising back-office activities and support functions. At 
present, the Group has four shared service centres and regional hubs that support its global network and 
increase productivity. As a result of the pandemic, in 2020 the Group had to rethink its operational delivery 
model as lockdowns meant that many people across the world had to work from home. 
Despite COVID-19, the GBS model succeeded in increasing productivity levels. For example, the Group 
scaled activities in two traditionally separated processes in its Environmental Health and Safety laboratory 
operations. This further reduced turnaround time and increased lab throughput and asset utilisation, while 
achieving reduction in cost per sample. The GBS model also increased the Group's capabilities to achieve 
greater efficiency by harmonising centralised back-office activities. 
In 2021, the Group intends to continue the standardisation for shared service centre activities, particularly 
for finance, and intends in some cases to go beyond traditional back-office activities towards offering 
services such as technical reviews. The Group intends to continue to upskill the Group's staff, to reflect on 
the Group's evolving business services and remain competitive. It also intends to review the use of physical 
office space, and how the Group can continue improving work-life balance through work at home 
initiatives. 
BUSINESSES 
In 2021, the Group has simplified its operational structure into six areas of focus, see "Description of the 
Guarantor and the Group—Strategy" above. In 2020, the operational structure was split across eight 
principal business lines, each of which is briefly described below.

--- Page 121 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 118 - 
70-40753911 
 
Consumer and retail ("CRS") 
CRS generated revenue of CHF 1,054 million in 2020, making it the largest of the Group's business lines 
in revenue terms, accounting for 18.8 per cent. of total revenue in 2020. 
CRS offers a complete range of services to manufacturers, importers, exporters and retailers of consumer 
products. CRS helps to reduce risk, improve efficiency and ensure compliance with contractual and 
regulatory requirements in relation to quality and safety throughout the customer's supply chain. It provides 
a broad and detailed understanding of consumer goods and retailing to help customers build a stronger and 
more resilient business. 
CRS' services include laboratory testing, product inspection and consulting, process assessment and 
technical assistance. These services are available globally for consumer products, such as cosmetics and 
personal care products, textiles, footwear, toys, hardware, household products, formulated products and 
electrical and electronic goods.  
Agriculture, food and life ("AFL") 
AFL generated revenue of CHF 996 million in 2020, accounting for 17.8 per cent. of total revenue in 2020. 
AFL's comprehensive range of services help its agriculture and food customers to manage risk, comply 
with complex legislation, ensure correct storage, shipping, packing and distribution and ensure quality and 
safety throughout their diverse supply chains. AFL offers stand-alone or integrated solutions to assist 
organisations that are involved in agrochemicals, seed, biofuels, fertilisers, farm machinery and supplies, 
financial and insurance industries, storage, processing facilities and logistical construction, the preparation 
of fresh produce for market and prepared food products. Its range of cost-effective solutions includes 
strategic data gathering, collateral management, audits and certification, testing and analytical services, 
inspection, verification technical solutions, advisory and training. 
The AFL Life Science division leverages a network of laboratories and clinical trial facilities present in 
North America, Europe and Asia-Pacific, to deliver harmonised solutions to large pharmaceutical and 
biotechnology firms. It provides testing solutions for analytical development, biologics characterisation, 
biosafety and quality control, as well as clinical research services. In addition, the business performs a 
variety of tests that are bespoke and client-specific, and support the full clinical development, from Phase 
I First-in-Human trials in the Clinical Pharmacology Unit to Phase II and Phase III studies in patients. 
Industrial ("IND") 
IND generated revenue of CHF 847 million in 2020, accounting for 15.1 per cent. of total revenue in 2020. 
The Industrial business line ensures the integrity, safety and reliability of industrial assets, facilities and 
plants in order to protect human life and the environment as well as to assure the sustainability of business 
operations. The main service areas are Field Inspection & non-destructive testing, Supply Chain services, 
Supervision & Consulting and Laboratory services. 
Non-destructive testing services are provided at manufacturing and fabrication sites during the construction 
of new equipment and structures (including structural steel, bridge structures, offshore platforms and pipe 
spools, for example). It also includes non-deductive testing, positive material identification, and welding 
inspection services provided at construction sites during the building of power plants, gas plants, refineries, 
pipelines, well sites, and petrochemical facilities, among other energy related infrastructure. 
Supervision and Consulting encompasses services during the entire life cycle of a construction project: 
design, construction and maintenance phases. It includes construction supervision, project and construction 
management, design review, technical due diligence and other kinds of technical assistance. 
Supply Chain services are related inspection services provided to a customer to give assurance to 
international buyers and sellers of goods that their transactions are completed on time and are compliant.  
Laboratory testing includes geotechnical testing, construction materials testing and other materials such as 
metal, polymer and composites.

--- Page 122 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 119 - 
70-40753911 
 
Oil, gas and chemicals ("OGC") 
OGC generated revenue of CHF 776 million in 2020, accounting for 13.8 per cent. of total revenue in 2020. 
OGC offers a comprehensive range of services to support and optimise business in exploring, extracting, 
refining, transporting or marketing oil, gas, oil sands or other hydrocarbons. With the recent volatility and 
record-breaking prices for these resources, it is vital to get the most from every part of the production and 
value adding chain – and optimise the efficiency of customers' own processes. 
In support of upstream exploration sector, OGC offers a variety of services that can be used either 
independently or as packages to augment existing processes, such as reservoir and production fluids 
analysis, sample management and distribution and unconventional resources services, including the 
analysis of coal bed methane, and well-testing services. 
For the downstream exploration sector, OGC offers support for distribution and retail, including calibration 
services, facility audits, leak detection and maintenance. As the field of oil and gas logistics can be complex, 
OGC has a large global team of experts to help deliver products to where they need to be, safely, securely 
and in compliance with national and international standards. 
Minerals ("MIN") 
MIN generated revenue of CHF 639 million in 2020, accounting for 11.4 per cent. of total revenue in 2020. 
MIN offers an extensive range of services that covers exploration, plant design and engineering, production, 
industrial applications, decommissioning and closure. MIN provides testing, technology, trade services and 
consulting to help deliver more growth and efficiencies, improve customer speed to market and reduce risk. 
The Group's industry experts can help make the most of market developments and advances in technology, 
enabling customers to maximise opportunities and stay ahead of competitors. 
At the exploration stage, MIN offers a wide variety of services, including geochemical testing, resource 
calculations and technical reports, geometallurgy, scoping studies and flowsheet development, piloting, and 
environmental services. The Group's specialists advise on the most suitable technologies for projects and 
to provide data and flowsheets. 
For start-up and operational mines, MIN provides a comprehensive suite of services covering on-site 
laboratories, water treatment, commissioning and in-plant operational support, process consulting, 
debottlenecking, equipment optimisation, and expert systems. 
In the feasibility and pre-production stages, MIN technical experts combine metallurgical expertise with 
experience in plant design and engineering to deliver on-time, proven and cost-effective solutions for small-
scale plant upgrades, retrofits, greenfield and brownfield projects. 
MIN inspection and sampling services support both buyers and sellers of high value cargos. MIN carry out 
cargo and carrying vessel inspection, stockpile monitoring equipment testing and commercial ana lysis. 
In addition to providing a full range of standard analysis and testing services, MIN can supply state-of-the-
art mobile laboratories and even install and staff on-site laboratories to give customised testing facilities – 
anywhere in the world. 
Environment, health and safety ("EHS") 
EHS generated revenue of CHF 471 million in 2020, accounting for 8.4 per cent. of total revenue in 2020. 
EHS provides a range of services to assess the environmental impact of operations across the entire value 
chain. These services mainly include laboratory analyses, health and safety services as well as field and 
monitoring activities. 
The laboratory services business provides a range of laboratory testing services to assess environmental 
contamination. The laboratory testing processes performed include the following types of testing: water, 
soil, sediment, air, waste, and building materials.

--- Page 123 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 120 - 
70-40753911 
 
The Health & Safety services business provides a range of testing and inspection services to assess the 
health and safety of industrial plants and construction projects and the health, safety and emergency 
response processes of customers. 
Field & Monitoring services consist of a range of activities carried out by the Environmental field and 
sampling teams, leading to sample generation and collection of data, including long-term monitoring 
through automatic samplers. 
Certification and business enhancement ("CBE") 
CBE generated revenue of CHF 429 million in 2020, accounting for 7.7 per cent. of total revenue in 2020. 
CBE provides management system certification, second party audits, responsible business services as well 
as consulting and training services. 
The management system certification service line undertakes audits and provides certifications for the 
management systems employed by manufacturers and distributors. The CBE business line holds 
accreditations under a wide range of international standards bodies, which enable the performance of 
certifications regarding each of these standards. 
The second party audits service line completes audits against an organisation's internal or external reference 
guidelines / code of practices or provides auditing and certification activities against a particular service 
standard. Such initiatives cover suppliers' assessments and compliance audits against either a system or the 
various elements of a service rendered, as determined by an organisation. 
Responsible business services provide a full scope of audits and related solutions, but also an innovative 
range of environmental, technical and security services to be the industry key partner in supply chain 
transparency. 
Technical consultancy activity service line provides consultancy services meant to help customers improve 
their operations. It includes specific business optimisation and continuous improvement advisory services 
that improve a company's internal operations and performance in the value chain. 
The SGS Academy provides training activities regarding management systems and standards, performance 
assessment, and soft skills. 
Governments and institutions ("GIS") 
GIS generated revenue of CHF 392 million in 2020, accounting for 7.0 per cent. of total revenue in 2020. 
GIS offer a portfolio of innovative services of verification and technology-based solutions. The 
comprehensive range of services helps governments, international institutions and partner organisations 
across the public and private sectors to prevent illicit trade by eliminating "Ghost" operations (i.e. 
operations to provide services whilst avoiding the regulatory requirements usually applicable to such 
services)and guaranteeing compliance to national and international regulations, com batting fiscal fraud by 
inspecting and verifying the value of goods.  
GIS facilitates trade by accelerating processes with automation, information collection with tailored 
e-solutions and remote inspections. GIS's mission is also to build capacity and transfer knowledge to 
customers (a 'Test Teach Test' approach). 
COMPETITION 
The Group competes in the TIC industry which is highly competitive. In many of the Group's businesses, 
the market is fragmented, with some businesses having relatively low barriers to entry, resulting in the 
Group competing not only with large competitors, but also with smaller regional or local enterprises. In 
certain of the Group's businesses, there may be a scarcity of available talent and the Group with other 
companies to attract this talent. The Group seeks to compete effectively by continuously innovating and 
offering new services and improving the quality and efficiency of its services in order to differentiate itself 
from its competitors.

--- Page 124 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 121 - 
70-40753911 
 
Information Technology ("IT") 
The operation of many of the Group's business processes depends on the uninterrupted availability of its IT 
systems. The Group continually invests in automation, new technologies and more centralised IT operations 
to monitor and manage its worldwide operations. 
The Group has a framework in place to protect intellectual property, business services, personal information 
and customer data. Its data protection strategy is focused on prevention, detection, management and 
response to security risks. The Group enhances IT systems and puts policies and procedures in place to 
streamline processes. The Group also believes that information security is vital and aims to ensure that all 
staff understand that they have a responsibility to protect confidential information and share it 
appropriately.  
ENVIRONMENT, HEALTH AND SAFETY 
Environment, Health & Safety ("EH&S") is one of the Group's core business principles, defining business 
success by establishing safe and healthy workplaces and building a sustaining culture, where EH&S is given 
the same priority as business performance. 
Environment, Health and Safety management is known in the Group as Operational Integrity ("OI"); a 
function with global presence and integration across Corporate, Region, Country and Line of Business. The 
Group Vice President for Operational Integrity, Business Continuity and Integrity Programs reports directly 
to the Group's CEO and oversees the implementation of the Environment, Health and Safety strategy and 
objectives. 
To achieve the Group's OI Global Mission of zero accidents and zero harm to our people, the Group 
organises its OI strategy in eight pillars, which are the basic and foundational values around which the OI 
structure is developed: communication, resources and skills, audits and compliance, leadership, training 
and awareness, key performance indicators, HSE risk assessments, and digitalisation. 
The eight pillars of OI are embedded into the Group's OI Management System, in which international 
guidelines and industry standards have been adopted and aligned to the Group's organisational objectives, 
strategies and values. The Group's OI Management System establishes the foundations for safe work and 
integrates Operational Integrity across all business functions and structures, with a focus on continuous 
improvement. 
Further development of Operational Integrity and its OI Management System around the eight pillars is put 
into action through a set of annual objectives referred to as "Top Page" objectives, which contain a set of 
objectives to facilitate the realisation of the Group's EH&S Global Mission for the OI structure. 
Progress against Top Page objectives is monitored as part of the OI Cultural Index ("OICI"), which covers 
14 key elements of the Group's OI Management System. The OICI relies on a combination of leading and 
lagging indicators to promote data driven business decisions.  
The Group has been a carbon neutral business since 2014.  Its environmental focus is on helping to mitigate 
climate change by reducing air pollution, minimising resource depletion and protecting the environment. 
Evaluating and managing the risks associated with climate change is a priority for the Group, and to this 
end it has adopted the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures, 
including with respect to governance, incorporating climate-related risks and opportunities into strategy, 
risk assessment, and the use of specific metrics for analysing climate-related risks, opportunities and 
performance. By 2020, the Group had achieved almost all of its sustainability targets, and it plans to release 
a new strategy in April 2021 with a longer-term view. The energy used in the Group's 2,600 offices and 
laboratories worldwide accounts for 62 per cent. of its global energy consumption. 
Reducing this consumption across the Group's operations through processes such as energy efficiency in 
buildings ("EEB") and sustainable transport is a priority and the Group has been running its EEB 
programme for more than eight years. In addition to reducing its energy consumption, the Group generates 
renewable energy on site or purchases renewable energy whenever possible. Any energy that the Group 
still consumes after these reductions is mitigated through its off-setting strategy, under which members of 
the Group are responsible for their carbon emissions and the cost of off-setting them by investing in verified 
carbon off-setting projects.

--- Page 125 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 122 - 
70-40753911 
 
The Group is also committed to managing its resources effectively to both save water and minimise waste. 
Although its use of water is relatively low compared to many other industries, the Group monitors and 
seeks to minimise the amount of water consumed across all its operations, including through its EEB 
programme.  
Through its services, the Group handles quantities of hazardous and non-hazardous waste, which it needs 
to dispose responsibly, without risk to its people, the environment or local communities. The Group 
monitors its waste across all its operations and develops action plans to minimise waste as much as possible. 
MANAGEMENT 
The Board of Directors is the highest governing body within the Group. It is the ultimate decision-making 
authority except for those decisions reserved by law to the General Meeting of Shareholders.  
The table below provides information on the members of the Board of Directors, their position on the Board 
and any significant other roles outside the Group. 
Name: 
Position: 
Other roles:  
Calvin Grieder 
Chairman of the Board 
Givaudan SA, Vernier (CH), Chairman of the Board; Bühler 
Group AG, Uzwil (CH), Chairman of the Board; AWK 
Group AG, Zurich (CH), Chairman of the Board; and 
Avenir Suisse, Zurich-Oerlikon (CH), Member of the Board 
of Trustees 
Sami Atiya 
Board member 
ABB Ltd (CH, SE), Member of the Group Executive 
Committee; President of ABB's Robotics & Discrete 
Automation business 
Paul Desmarais, 
Jr. 
Board member 
Chairman, Power Corporation of Canada; Groupe Bruxelles 
Lambert, Brussels (BE) Chairman of the Board of 
Directors; Great-West Lifeco Inc., Winnipeg (CAN) 
Member of the Board (including those of its major 
subsidiaries); IGM Financial Inc., Winnipeg (CAN); 
Member of the Board (including those of its major 
subsidiaries); Member of the Advisory Council, the 
European Institute of Business Administration (INSEAD); 
Trustee of the Brookings Institution and a Co-Chair of the 
Brookings International Advisory Council (USA); Past 
Chairman and a Member of the Business Council of Canada 
(CAN) 
Ian Gallienne 
Board member 
CEO of Groupe Bruxelles Lambert; Adidas, Member of the 
Supervisory Board; Imerys, Member of the Board, 
Chairman of the Strategic Committee, Member of the 
Compensation Committee, Member of the Appointments 
Committee; Pernod Ricard SA, Member of the Board, 
Member of the Strategic Committee and Member of the 
Remuneration Committee; Frère-Bourgeois SA, Member of 
the Board; Compagnie Nationale à Portefeuille SA, 
Member of the Board Société Civile du Château Cheval 
Blanc, Member of the Board Marnix French ParentCo 
(Webhelp group). 
Tobias Hartmann 
Board member 
Chief Executive Officer of Scout24; Zur Rose Group AG 
(CH), Member of the Board of Directors. 
Shelby R. du 
Pasquier 
Board member 
Lenz and Staehelin, partner; Swiss National Bank, Member 
of the Board; Stonehage Fleming Family & Partners 
Limited, Member of the Board; Pictet and Cie Group SCA, 
Chairman of the Supervisory Board. 
Kory Sorenson 
Board member 
SCOR SE, Member of the Board and Chair of the Audit 
Committee, Member of the Risk, Strategic, and Crisis

--- Page 126 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 123 - 
70-40753911 
 
Committees; Phoenix Group Holdings PLC, Member of the 
Board and Chair of the Remuneration Committee, member 
of the Risk and Sustainability Committees; Pernod Ricard 
SA, Member of the Board and Chair of the Remuneration 
Committee, Member of the Audit Committee; Bank 
Gutmann, Member of the Supervisory Board. 
Janet Vergis 
Board member 
Teva Pharmaceutical Industries, Member of the Human 
Resources/Compensation and Compliance Committees; 
Dentsply Sirona, Chair of the Science & Technology 
Committee, and member of the Audit & Finance 
Committee; Church and Dwight Company, member of the 
Audit and Governance Committees. 
 
The table below provides information on the Executive Committee of the Group, called the Operations 
Council and their position within the Operations Council. 
Name 
Position 
Other Roles 
Frankie Ng 
Chief Executive Officer 
TIC Council (Vice President of the 
TIC Global Board) 
Dominik de Daniel 
Chief Financial Officer – Finance, 
M&A, IT and Procurement 
- 
Olivier Merkt 
SVP, Legal & Compliance  
- 
Teymur Abasov 
COO, Eastern Europe and Middle 
East 
- 
Olivier Coppey 
EVP, Health & Nutrition 
- 
Helmut Chik 
COO, North East Asia 
- 
Fabrice Egloff 
COO, Africa and Western Europe 
- 
Luis Felipe Elias 
COO, Latin America 
- 
Stephen Nolan 
COO, North America 
- 
Derick Govender 
EVP, Natural Resources 
- 
José María Hernández-
Sampelayo 
SVP, Human Resources 
- 
Charles Ly Wa Hoi 
EVP, Connectivity & Products 
- 
Jeffrey McDonald 
EVP, Knowledge 
- 
Toby Reeks 
SVP, Investor Relations, Corporate 
Communications & Sustainability 
- 
Malcolm Reid 
COO, South East Asia & Pacific 
- 
Alim Saidov 
EVP, Industries & Environment 
- 
Wim Van Loon 
COO, North & Central Europe 
- 
Siddi Wouters 
SVP, Digital & Innovation 
- 
 
The business address of each of the Directors and the members of the Operations Council is SGS S.A., 1 
Place des Alpes, P.O. Box 2152, 1211 Geneva 1, Switzerland. 
The Guarantor is not aware of any potential conflicts of interest between the duties to the Guarantor of the 
persons listed above as members of the Board of Directors or the Operations Council and their private 
interests or other duties.

--- Page 127 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 124 - 
70-40753911 
 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 
On 7 January 2021, the Group announced that it had acquired Analytical & Development Services in the 
UK, a fully accredited food testing laboratory offering pesticides, nutrition, microbiology, food molecular 
biology and allergen testing services. 
The Group also completed the acquisition of the lab facilities of International Service Laboratory from 
Novartis Ireland Limited in Ireland, providing regulated analytical laboratory and stability testing services 
for a broad variety of pharmaceutical products on 31 March 2021.  
On 1 April 2021 the Group announced the acquisition of the remaining 49 per cent. minority stake in The 
Lab (Asia) Ltd (TLA), which is now a wholly owned subsidiary of the Group following its initial 
acquisition of 51 per cent. in 2016.

--- Page 128 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 125 - 
70-40753911 
 
TAXATION 
The tax laws applicable in the Netherlands, Switzerland, the jurisdiction of any of the Agents, the 
jurisdiction of the investors and other relevant jurisdictions may have an impact on the income 
received from the securities. Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult their own tax advisers 
as to which countries' tax laws could be relevant to acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes and 
receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Notes and the consequences 
of such actions under the tax laws of those countries. 
The following is a general description of certain tax considerations relating to the Notes. It does not purport 
to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Notes, whether in the specified countries 
or elsewhere, and is not intended as (and must not be taken to be) tax advice. Prospective purchasers of 
Notes should consult their own tax advisers as to which countries' tax laws could be relevant to acquiring, 
holding and disposing of Notes and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other am ounts under 
the Notes and the consequences of such actions under the tax laws of those countries. This summary is 
based upon the law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any change in law that 
may take effect after such date. 
Switzerland 
Non-residents and residents  
Swiss Federal Withholding Tax 
According to the current practice of the Swiss Federal Tax Administration, all payments of principal and 
interest in respect of the Notes and the Coupons by and on behalf of an Issuer, including payments by the 
Guarantor under the Trust Deed, should not be subject to Swiss Federal Withholding Tax, provided that the 
relevant Issuer is and, at all times while any Notes are outstanding, will, not be tax resident in Switzerland 
and provided further that the proceeds of the Notes will (i) be either used outside of Switzerland (as 
interpreted by the Swiss tax authorities) or (ii) be used in Switzerland (as interpreted by the Swiss tax 
authorities) as it is permitted under Swiss tax laws and practice by the Swiss Federal Tax Administration 
in force from time to time without payments in respect of interest due in connection with the Notes 
becoming subject to withholding or deduction for Swiss Federal Withholding Tax as a consequence of such 
use of proceeds in Switzerland (as interpreted by the Swiss tax authorities). 
Irrespective of the foregoing, any payment made by the Guarantor pursuant to the Trust Deed may be 
subject to Swiss Federal Withholding Tax (the present rate of which is 35 per cent.) if such payments have 
to be regarded as deemed dividend distribution. 
Proposed New Swiss Federal Withholding Tax Legislation 
On 4 November 2015 the Swiss Federal Council announced that it had mandated the Swiss Federal Finance 
Department to appoint a group of experts to prepare a proposal for a reform of the Swiss Federal 
Withholding Tax system. The proposal presented by the group of experts as recommendation for a reform 
of the Swiss Federal Withholding Tax in December 2018 provides, among other things, for a replacement 
of the current debtor-based regime applicable to interest payments with a paying agent-based regime for 
Swiss Federal Withholding Tax. This paying agent-based regime is expected to be similar to the one 
contemplated in the draft legislation published by the Swiss Federal Council on 17 December 2014, which 
was subsequently withdrawn on 24 June 2015.  
At its meeting on 26 June 2019 and 27 September 2019, the Swiss Federal Council decided to resume the 
suspended reform of the Swiss Federal Withholding Tax. The Swiss Federal Council has decided on the 
objectives and key parameters. Among other things, it is planned to extend the purpose of the Swiss Federal 
Withholding Tax for individuals resident in Switzerland. Accordingly, the Swiss Federal Council plans to 
include the Swiss Federal Withholding Tax also on interest investments on foreign securities. From today's 
perspective, this requires a change from the existing debtor-based regime to a paying agent-based regime. 
Under such a new paying agent regime, if introduced, a Swiss paying agent would have to levy and pay 
Swiss Federal Withholding Tax on interest payments and the like of domestic and foreign securities, 
provided that the beneficiary is an individual resident in Switzerland. The consultation draft of the Swiss 
Federal Council was published on 3 April 2020. The actual scope of the Swiss Federal Withholding Tax 
reform and the date of its implementation are not yet known. If such a new paying agent-based regime were

--- Page 129 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 126 - 
70-40753911 
 
to be enacted and were to result in the deduction or withholding of Swiss Federal Withholding Tax on any 
interest payments in respect of a Note by any person other than the relevant Issuer, the holder of such Note 
would not be entitled to receive any additional amounts as a result of such deduction or withholding under 
the terms of the Notes. 
International Automatic Exchange of Information in Tax Matters 
Switzerland has concluded a multilateral agreement with the European Union on the international automatic 
exchange of information (the "AEOI") in tax matters. The AEOI became effective as of 1 January 2017, 
and applies to all EU member states and also Gibraltar. Also, on 1 January 2017, the multilateral competent 
authority agreement on the automatic exchange of financial information (the "MCAA"), and based on the 
MCAA, a number of bilateral AEOI agreements with other countries, became effective. Based on such 
agreements and the implementing laws of Switzerland, Switzerland collects and exchanges data in respect 
of financial assets, including, as the case may be, Notes, held in, and income derived thereon and credited 
to, accounts or deposits with a paying agent in Switzerland for the benefit of individuals resident in an EU 
member state or resident in a treaty state. Switzerland has signed and intends to sign further AEOI 
agreements with further countries, which, subject to ratification, will become effective at a later date. An 
up-to-date list of the AEOI agreements of Switzerland in effect or signed and becoming effective can be 
found on the website of the State Secretariat for International Financial Matters. 
The Netherlands 
The following summary outlines certain principal Dutch tax consequences of the acquisition, holding, 
redemption and disposal of the Notes, but does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all Dutch 
tax considerations that may be relevant. For purposes of Dutch tax law, a holder of Notes may include an 
individual or entity who does not have the legal title of these Notes, but to whom nevertheless the Notes or 
the income thereof is attributed based on specific statutory provisions or on the basis of such individual or 
entity having an interest in the Notes or the income thereof. This summary is intended as general 
information only and each prospective investor should consult a professional tax adviser with respect to the 
tax consequences of the acquisition, holding, redemption and disposal of the Notes. 
This summary is based on tax legislation, published case law, treaties, regulations and published policy, in 
each case as in force as of the date of this Base Prospectus, and it does not take into account any 
developments or amendments thereof after that date whether or not such developments or amendments have 
retroactive effect. 
This summary does not address the Dutch corporate and individual income tax consequences for: 
(a) 
investment institutions (fiscale beleggingsinstellingen); 
(b) 
pension funds, exempt investment institutions (vrijgestelde beleggingsinstellingen) or other Dutch 
tax resident entities that are not subject to or exempt from Dutch corporate income tax; 
(c) 
holders of Notes holding a substantial interest (aanmerkelijk belang) or deemed substantial interest 
(fictief aanmerkelijk belang) in the Issuer and holders of Notes of whom a certain related person 
holds a substantial interest in the Issuer. Generally speaking, a substantial interest in the Issuer 
arises if a person, alone or, where such person is an individual, together with his or her partner 
(statutorily defined term), directly or indirectly, holds or is deemed to hold (i) an interest of 5% or 
more of the total issued capital of the Issuer or 5% or more of the issued capital of a certain class 
of shares of the Issuer, (ii) rights to acquire, directly or indirectly, such interest or (iii) certain 
profit-sharing rights in the Issuer; 
(d) 
persons to whom the Notes and the income therefrom are attributed based on the separated private 
assets (afgezonderd particulier vermogen) provisions of the Dutch Income Tax Act 2001 (Wet 
inkomstenbelasting 2001); 
(e) 
entities which are a resident of Aruba, Curaçao or Sint Maarten and that have an enterprise which 
is carried on through a permanent establishment or a permanent representative on Bonaire, Sint 
Eustatius or Saba and the Notes are attributable to such permanent establishment or permanent 
representative; and

--- Page 130 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 127 - 
70-40753911 
 
(f) 
individuals to whom the Notes or the income there from are attributable to employment activities 
which are taxed as employment income in the Netherlands. 
Where this summary refers to the Netherlands, such reference is restricted to the part of the Kingdom of 
the Netherlands that is situated in Europe and the legislation applicable in that part of the Kingdom. 
This summary does not describe the consequences of the exchange or the conversion of the Notes. 
Dutch Withholding Tax 
All payments made by the Issuer under the Notes may - except in certain very specific cases as described 
below - be made free of withholding or deduction for any taxes of whatsoever nature imposed, levied, 
withheld or assessed by the Netherlands or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein 
provided that the Notes do not in fact function as equity of the Issuer within the meaning of article 10, 
paragraph 1, under d of the Dutch Corporate Income Tax Act 1969 (Wet op de vennootschapsbelasting 
1969). 
Dutch withholding tax may apply on certain (deemed) interest due and payable to an affiliated (gelieerde) 
entity of the Issuer if such entity (i) is considered to be resident (gevestigd) in a jurisdiction that is listed in 
the yearly updated Dutch Regulation on low-taxing states and non-cooperative jurisdictions for tax 
purposes (Regeling laagbelastende staten en niet-coöperatieve rechtsgebieden voor belastingdoeleinden), 
or (ii) has a permanent establishment located in such jurisdiction to which the interest is a ttributable, or (iii) 
is entitled to the interest payable for the main purpose or one of the main purposes to avoid taxation of 
another person, or (iv) is not considered to be the recipient of the interest in its jurisdiction of residence 
because such jurisdiction treats another (lower-tier) entity as the recipient of the interest (hybrid mismatch), 
or (v) is not treated as resident anywhere (also a hybrid mismatch), all within the meaning of the Dutch 
Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021). 
An entity is considered to be ‘affiliated’ (gelieerde) with the Issuer within the meaning of the Dutch 
Withholding Tax Act 2021 if (a) the entity directly or indirectly holds an interest that enables it to exercise 
(individually or jointly in case of a cooperating group) such a decisive influence on the Issuer's decisions 
that it can determine its activities; (b) the Issuer directly or indirectly holds an interest in the entity that 
enables it to exercise (individually or jointly in case of a cooperating group) such a decisive influence on 
that entity's decisions that it can determine its activities; or (c) if a third party directly or indirectly holds an 
interest that enables it to exercise (individually or jointly in case of a cooperating group) such a decisive 
influence on that entity's and the Issuer's decisions that it can determine their activities. The affiliation 
criterion is derived from case law of the European Court of Justice on the right of freedom of establishment 
(vrijheid van vestiging).  
The Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021 is complex legislation and holders of Notes should consult their own 
tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Notes. 
Corporate and Individual Income Tax 
Residents of the Netherlands 
If a holder of Notes is a resident of the Netherlands or deemed to be a resident of the Netherlands for Dutch 
corporate income tax purposes and is fully subject to Dutch corporate income tax or is only subject to Dutch 
corporate income tax in respect of an enterprise to which the Notes are attributable, income derived from 
the Notes and gains realised upon the redemption or disposal of the Notes are generally taxable in the 
Netherlands (at up to a maximum rate of 25%). 
If an individual is a resident of the Netherlands or deemed to be a resident of the Netherlands for Dutch 
individual income tax purposes, income derived from the Notes and gains realised upon the redemption or 
disposal of the Notes are taxable at the progressive rates (at up to a maximum rate of 49.50%) under the 
Dutch Income Tax Act 2001, if: 
(a) 
the individual is an entrepreneur (ondernemer) and has an enterprise to which the Notes are 
attributable or the individual has, other than as a shareholder, a co-entitlement to the net worth of 
an enterprise (medegerechtigde), to which enterprise the Notes are attributable; or

--- Page 131 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 128 - 
70-40753911 
 
(b) 
such income or gains qualify as income from miscellaneous activities (resultaat uit overige 
werkzaamheden), which includes activities with respect to the Notes that exceed regular, active 
portfolio management (normaal, actief vermogensbeheer). 
If neither condition (a) nor condition (b) above applies to the holder of the Notes, taxable income with 
regard to the Notes must be determined on the basis of a deemed return on savings and investments (sparen 
en beleggen), rather than on the basis of income actually received or gains actually realised. This deemed 
return on savings and investments is fixed at a percentage of the individual's yield basis 
(rendementsgrondslag) at the beginning of the calendar year (1 January), insofar as the individual's yield 
basis exceeds a statutory threshold (heffingvrij vermogen). The individual's yield basis is determined as the 
fair market value of certain qualifying assets held by the individual less the fair market value of certain 
qualifying liabilities on 1 January. The fair market value of the Notes will be included as an asset in the 
individual's yield basis. The deemed return percentage to be applied to the yield basis increases 
progressively depending on the amount of the yield basis. The deemed return on savings and investments 
is taxed at a rate of 31%. 
Non-residents of the Netherlands 
If a person is neither a resident of the Netherlands nor is deemed to be a resident of the Netherlands for 
Dutch corporate or individual income tax purposes, such person is not liable to Dutch income tax in respect 
of income derived from the Notes and gains realised upon the redemption or disposal of the Notes, unless: 
(a) 
the person is not an individual and such person (1) has an enterprise that is, in whole or in part, 
carried on through a permanent establishment or a permanent representative in the Netherla nds to 
which permanent establishment or a permanent representative the Notes are attributable, or (2) is, 
other than by way of securities, entitled to a share in the profits of an enterprise or a co-entitlement 
to the net worth of an enterprise, which is effectively managed in the Netherlands and to which 
enterprise the Notes are attributable. 
This income is subject to Dutch corporate income tax at up to a maximum rate of 25%. 
(b) 
the person is an individual and such individual (1) has an enterprise or an interest in an enterprise 
that is, in whole or in part, carried on through a permanent establishment or a permanent 
representative in the Netherlands to which permanent establishment or permanent representative 
the Notes are attributable, or (2) realises income or gains with respect to the Notes that qualify as 
income from miscellaneous activities in the Netherlands which include activities with respect to 
the Notes that exceed regular, active portfolio management, or (3) is, other than by way of 
securities, entitled to a share in the profits of an enterprise that is effectively managed in the 
Netherlands and to which enterprise the Notes are attributable. 
Income derived from the Notes as specified under (1) and (2) by an individual is subject to 
individual income tax at progressive rates up to a maximum rate of 49.50%. Income derived from 
a share in the profits of an enterprise as specified under (3) that is not already included under (1) 
or (2) will be taxed on the basis of a deemed return on savings and investments (as described above 
under "Residents of the Netherlands"). 
Gift and Inheritance tax 
Dutch gift or inheritance taxes will not be levied on the occasion of the transfer of the Notes by way of gift 
by, or on the death of, a holder of Notes, unless: 
(a) 
the holder of the Notes is, or is deemed to be, resident in the Netherlands for the purpose of the 
relevant provisions; or 
(b) 
the transfer is construed as an inheritance or gift made by, or on behalf of, a person who, at the 
time of the gift or death, is or is deemed to be resident in the Netherlands for the purpose of the 
relevant provisions. 
Value Added Tax 
In general, no value added tax will arise in respect of payments in consideration for the issue of the Notes 
or in respect of a cash payment made under the Notes, or in respect of a transfer of the Notes.

--- Page 132 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 129 - 
70-40753911 
 
Other Taxes and Duties 
No registration tax, customs duty, transfer tax, stamp duty, capital tax or any other similar documentary tax 
or duty will be payable in the Netherlands by a holder in respect of or in connection with the subscription, 
issue, placement, allotment, delivery or transfer of the Notes. 
The proposed financial transactions tax ("FTT") 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission's proposal") for 
a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, 
Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the "participating Member States"). However, Estonia has since stated 
that it will not participate. 
The Commission's proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the 
Notes (including secondary' market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription 
of Notes should, however, be exempt.  
Under the Commission's proposal, FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where 
at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member 
State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in 
a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating 
Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a 
participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU 
Member States may decide to participate.  
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
FATCA 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
"foreign financial institution" may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes ("foreign passthru 
payments") to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. A number 
of jurisdictions (including The Netherlands and Switzerland) have entered into, or have agreed in substance 
to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA ("IGAs"), which modify 
the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions.  
Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, 
including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to 
payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding 
would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the 
Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the publication of the final 
regulations defining "foreign passthru payment".  
Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in 
the Notes.

--- Page 133 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 130 - 
70-40753911 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Notes may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more Dealers. The arrangements under 
which Notes may from time to time be agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, and subscribed by, Dealers are 
set out in a Dealer Agreement dated 7 April 2021 (the "Dealer Agreement") and made between the Issuer, 
the Guarantor and the Dealers.  
If in the case of any Tranche of Notes the method of distribution is an agreement between the Issuer, the 
Guarantor and a single Dealer for that Tranche to be issued by the Issuer and subscribed for by that Dealer, 
the method of distribution will be described in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as "Non-
Syndicated" and the name of that Dealer and any other interest of that Dealer which is material to the issue 
of that Tranche beyond the fact of the appointment of that Dealer will be set out in the relevant Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement.  
If in the case of any Tranche of Notes the method of distribution is an agreement between the Issuer, the 
Guarantor and more than one Dealer for that Tranche to be issued by the Issuer and subscribed for by those 
Dealers, the method of distribution will be described in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as 
"Syndicated", the obligations of those Dealers to subscribe for the relevant Notes will be joint and several 
and the names and addresses of those Dealers and any other interests of any of those Dealers which is 
material to the issue of that Tranche beyond the fact of the appointment of those Dealers (including whether 
any of those Dealers has also been appointed to act as Stabilising Manager in relation to that Tranche) will 
be set out in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. 
Any such agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the form and terms and conditions of the relevant 
Notes, the price at which such Notes will be subscribed for by the Dealer(s) and the commissions or other 
agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such subscription. The Dealer 
Agreement makes provision for the resignation or termination of appointment of existing Dealers and for 
the appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation 
to a particular Tranche of Notes. 
United States of America  
The Notes and the guarantee thereof have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and 
may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons 
except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used 
in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
The Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within 
the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by 
U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the United States 
Internal Revenue Code and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver 
Notes or the guarantee thereof, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days 
after the completion of the distribution of the Notes comprising the relevant Tranche within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and such Dealer will have sent to each dealer to 
which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period relating thereto a confirmation or other notice 
setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, U.S. persons.  
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Notes comprising any Tranche, any 
offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) 
may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of 
Sales to EEA Retail Investors", each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered, 
sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are

--- Page 134 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 131 - 
70-40753911 
 
the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area.  
 For the purposes of this provision the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) 
of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU 
MiFID II"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II.  
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors: If the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement in respect of any 
Notes incudes the legend "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available 
any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by th e 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the 
purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("EUWA"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000 (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, 
as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other UK regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that: 
(a) 
No deposit-taking: in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year: 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and:  
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons: 
(A) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses; or 
(B) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of 
the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue 
or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the 
Issuer or the Guarantor; and

--- Page 135 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 132 - 
70-40753911 
 
(c) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA 
with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the 
United Kingdom. 
Netherlands 
Zero Coupon Notes in definitive bearer form and other Notes in definitive bearer form on which interest 
does not become due and payable during their term but only at maturity (savings certificates or 
spaarbewijzen as defined in The Netherlands Savings Certificates Act (Wet inzake spaarbewijzen, the 
"SCA")) may only be transferred and accepted, directly or indirectly, within, from or into The Netherlands 
through the mediation of either the Issuer or a member of Euronext Amsterdam N.V. with due observance 
of the provisions of the SCA and its implementing regulations (which include registration requirements). 
No such mediation is required, however, in respect of (i) the initial issue of such Notes to the first holders 
thereof, (ii) the transfer and acceptance by individuals who do not act in the conduct of a profession or 
business and (iii) the issue and trading of such Notes if they are physically issued outside The Netherlands 
and are not immediately thereafter distributed in The Netherlands. 
As used herein "Zero Coupon Notes" are Notes that are in bearer form and that constitute a claim for a 
fixed sum against the Issuer and on which interest does not become due during their tenor or on which no 
interest is due whatsoever. 
Switzerland 
(a) 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that, subject to paragraph (b) below: 
(i) 
the Notes may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the 
meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act (the "FinSA") and will not be admitted to 
trading on a trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland; 
(ii) 
neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms or Pricing Supplement nor any other 
offering or marketing material relating to any Notes (x) constitutes a prospectus pursuant 
to articles 35 and 45 of the FinSA for a public offering of the Notes in Switzerland and no 
such prospectus has been or will be prepared for or in connection with the offering of the 
Notes in Switzerland or (y) has been or will be filed with or approved by a Swiss review 
body (Prüfstelle/organe de contrôle) pursuant to article 52 of the FinSA; and 
(iii) 
neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms or Pricing Supplement nor other offering 
or marketing material relating to any Notes may be publicly distributed or otherwise made 
publicly available in Switzerland.  
(b) 
Notwithstanding paragraph (a) above, in respect of any Tranche of Notes to be issued, the Issuer, 
the Guarantor and the relevant Dealers may agree that (x) such Notes may be publicly offered in 
Switzerland within the meaning of the FinSA and/or (y) an application will be made by (or on 
behalf of) the Issuer and the Guarantor to admit such Notes to trading on a trading venue (exchange 
or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland, provided that (i) the Issuer and the Guarantor are 
able to rely, and are relying, on an exemption from the requirement to prepare and publish a 
prospectus under the FinSA in connection with such public offer and/or application for admission 
to trading, or are entitled to rely on this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms or Pricing Supplement 
(as the case may be after filing such documents with a Swiss review body) to publicly offer or 
apply for the admission to trading of the relevant Notes (ii) in the case of any such public offer, the 
relevant Dealers have agreed to comply with any restrictions applicable to the offer and sale of 
such Notes that must be complied with in order for the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor to rely on 
such exemption; and (iii) the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement will specify that such 
Notes may be publicly offered in Switzerland within the meaning of the FinSA and/or the trading 
venue in Switzerland to which an application will be made by (or on behalf of) the Issuer and the 
Guarantor to admit such Notes to trading thereon. 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that (i) no key information document 
(Basisinformationsblatt/feuille d'information de base) pursuant to article 58 (1) of the FinSA (or any

--- Page 136 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 133 - 
70-40753911 
 
equivalent document under the FinSA) has been or will be prepared in relation to any Notes and (ii) 
therefore, any Notes with a derivative character within the meaning of article 86 (2) of the FinSO may not 
be offered or recommended to private clients within the meaning of the FinSA in Switzerland. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary 
Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree that it has not 
offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or 
purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for 
subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base 
Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for 
subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than 
(i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of 
Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA")) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) 
to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or 
any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in 
Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other 
applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or 
more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be 
transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer 
made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(1) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred 
to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
(2) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(3) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(4) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(5) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities 
and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has, to the best of its knowledge and 
belief, complied and will comply in all material respects with all applicable laws and regulations in each 
country or jurisdiction in or from which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses, distributes 
or publishes this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or Pricing Supplement or any related offering material, 
in all cases at its own expense. Other persons into whose hands this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement comes are required by the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Dealers to comply with all 
applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell 
or deliver Notes or possess, distribute or publish this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement or any related offering material, in all cases at their own expense.

--- Page 137 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 134 - 
70-40753911 
 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to 
any specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or 
change(s) in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be 
applicable but without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in the paragraph headed 
"General" above. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. Any such 
supplement or modification may be set out in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement (in the case 
of a supplement or modification relevant only to a particular Tranche of Notes) or in a supplement to this 
Base Prospectus.

--- Page 138 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 135 - 
70-40753911 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
1. 
The establishment of the Programme was authorised by the Issuer on 30 March 2021 and by the 
Guarantor on 23 March 2021. Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor has obtained or will obtain 
from time to time all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in connection with the issue 
and performance of the Notes and the giving of the guarantee relating to them. 
Listing and Admission to Trading of the Notes 
2. 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the 
Programme to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and 
to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange's regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of EU MiFID II. 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
3. 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings, (including any such proceedings 
which are pending or threatened) of which the Issuer or the Guarantor is aware, involving the Issuer 
or the Guarantor which may have, or have had during the 12 months prior to the date of this Base 
Prospectus, a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer or the 
Guarantor and its Subsidiaries.  
Significant/Material Change 
4. 
Since 31 December 2020 there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer 
nor any significant change in the financial position or financial performance of the Issuer and its 
Subsidiaries taken as a whole.  
5. 
Since 31 December 2020 there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the 
Guarantor nor any significant change in the financial position or financial performance of the 
Guarantor and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole. 
Auditors  
6. 
The consolidated financial statements of the Guarantor have been audited without qualification for 
the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019 by Deloitte SA of Rue du Pré-de-la-
Bichette 1, 1202 Geneva, Switzerland, chartered accountants registered with the Swiss Federal 
Audit Oversight Authority to carry out audit work in Switzerland, and who have given, and have 
not withdrawn, their consent to the inclusion of their report in this Base Prospectus in the form and 
context in which it is included. 
7. 
The consolidated financial statements of the Issuer have been audited for the years ended 31 
December 2020 and 31 December 2019 by Deloitte Accountants B.V. of Wilhelminakade 1, 3072 
AP Rotterdam, Netherlands, member of the The Netherlands Institute of Cha rtered Accountants 
(Nederlandse Beroepsorganisatie van Accountants), which is a member of International Federation 
of Accountants (IFAC), and who have given, and have not withdrawn, their consent to the inclusion 
of their report in this Base Prospectus in the form and context in which it is included. 
The auditor's report with respect to the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for 
the year ended 31 December 2019 expresses an unqualified opinion and includes an emphasis 
relating to the impact of the Covid-19 pandemic as described on pages 4 and 46 of the annual report 
for the year ended 31 December 2019 and an emphasis of matter related to the contingent income 
tax liability as described on page 41 of the annual report for the year ended 31 December 2019. 
The auditor's report with respect to the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for 
the year ended 31 December 2020 expresses an unqualified opinion and includes an emphasis 
relating to the impact of the Covid-19 pandemic as described on pages 22 and 23 of the annual 
report for the year ended 31 December 2020 and an emphasis of matter related to the recorded 
provision for uncertain tax positions as disclosed in the notes to the consolidated financial 
statements for the year ended 31 December 2020.

--- Page 139 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 136 - 
70-40753911 
 
 Documents on Display 
8. 
Copies of the following documents (together with English translations thereof) may be inspected 
at https://www.sgs.com/en/our-company/investor-relations/shares-and-bonds#emtn for the 12 
months from the date of this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the constitutive documents of the Issuer (as the same may be updated from time to time);  
(b) 
the articles of association and by-laws (internal regulations) of the Guarantor (as the same 
may be updated from time to time); 
(c) 
the Trust Deed;  
(d) 
the Issuer-ICSDs Agreement (which is entered into between the Issuer, Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg with respect to the settlement in Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg of Notes in New Global Note form or Registered Notes held under the New 
Safekeeping Structure); and 
(e) 
any future offering circulars, prospectuses, information memoranda, supplements, Final 
Terms and Pricing Supplements (save that Pricing Supplements will only be available for 
inspection by a holder of such Note and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory 
to the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Paying Agent as to its holding of Notes and identity) 
to this Base Prospectus and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by 
reference. 
For the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into this base prospectus, 
information contained on the website does not form part of this prospectus. 
Clearing of the Notes 
9. 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The 
appropriate common code and the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) in relation 
to the Notes of each Tranche will be specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. 
The relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement shall specify any other clearing system as shall 
have accepted the relevant Notes for clearance together with any further appropriate information. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels. 
The address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg. 
Notes Having a Maturity of Less than One Year 
10. 
Where Notes have a maturity of less than one year and either (a) the issue proceeds are received 
by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or (b) the activity of issuing the Notes is carried on from an 
establishment maintained by the Issuer in the United Kingdom, such Notes must: (i) have a 
minimum redemption value of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) and be issued only 
to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to 
expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes 
of their businesses; or (ii) be issued in other circumstances which do not constitute a contravention 
of section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer. 
Issue Price and Yield 
11. 
Notes may be issued at any price. The issue price of each Tranche of Notes to be issued under the 
Programme will be determined by the Issuer, the Guarantor and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time 
of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions and the issue price of the relevant Notes 
or the method of determining the price and the process for its disclosure will be set out in the 
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. In the case of different Tranches of a Series of 
Notes, the issue price may include accrued interest in respect of the period from the interest 
commencement date of the relevant Tranche (which may be the issue date of the first Tranche of

--- Page 140 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 137 - 
70-40753911 
 
the Series or, if interest payment dates have already passed, the most recent interest payment date 
in respect of the Series) to the issue date of the relevant Tranche. 
The yield of each Tranche of Notes set out in the applicable Final Terms or applicable Pricing 
Supplement will be calculated as of the relevant issue date on an annual or semi-annual basis using 
the relevant issue price. It is not an indication of future yield. 
Conflicts of Interest  
12. 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for the Issuer, the 
Guarantor and their affiliates in the ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and their 
affiliates may have positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, 
related derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging 
strategies on behalf of the Issuer, the Guarantor and their affiliates, investor clients, or as principal 
in order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may 
make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related 
derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and 
for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve 
securities and/or instruments of the Issuer, the Guarantor and their affiliates. Certain of the Dealers 
of their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer and the Guarantor routinely hedge 
their credit exposure to the Issuer, the Guarantor and their affiliates consistent with their customary 
risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure 
by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the 
creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the 
Programme. Any such positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under 
the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations 
and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial 
instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions 
in such securities and instruments. 
Legal Entity Identifier ("LEI")  
13. 
The LEI of the Issuer is 213800U69SS972KARU16. The LEI of the Guarantor is 
2138007JNS19JHNA2336. 
Website 
14. 
The Issuer's and Guarantor’s website is www.sgs.com. Unless specifically incorporated by 
reference into this base prospectus, information contained on the website does not form part of this 
prospectus. 
Validity of prospectus and prospectus supplements 
15. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer and the Guarantor shall have no obligation to supplement 
this base prospectus after the end of its 12-month validity period.

--- Page 141 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 138 - 
70-40753911 
 
 
 
 
THE ISSUER 
THE GUARANTOR 
SGS Nederland Holding B.V. 
Malledijk 18, Spijkenisse  
3208 LA  
The Netherlands 
SGS S.A.  
1 Place des Alpes 
P.O. Box 2152 
1211 Geneva 1 
Switzerland 
DEALERS 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG  
Reuterweg 16  
60323 Frankfurt am Main  
Germany 
Credit Suisse Securities Sociedad de Valores 
S.A. 
Calle de Ayala, 42 
28001 Madrid 
Spain 
Société Générale 
 29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
UBS AG London Branch  
5 Broadgate 
London EC2M 2QS 
United Kingdom  
TRUSTEE 
Citicorp Trustee Company Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT AND TRANSFER AGENT 
Citibank N.A., London Branch 
Agency and Trust 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
REGISTRAR  
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Agency & Trust Department  
5th Floor  
Reuterweg 16  
60323 Frankfurt  
Germany

--- Page 142 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 139 - 
70-40753911 
 
 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer and the Guarantor 
as to English law: 
To the Issuer and the Guarantor 
as to Dutch law: 
Allen & Overy LLP 
One Bishops Square 
London E1 6AD 
United Kingdom 
Allen & Overy LLP 
 Apollolaan 15 
1077 AB Amsterdam  
The Netherlands 
To the Dealers and the Trustee  
as to English law: 
To the Issuer 
 as to Swiss law: 
Clifford Chance LLP 
10 Upper Bank Street 
London E14 5JJ 
United Kingdom 
Lenz & Staehelin 
Route de Chêne 30 
CH-1211 Geneva 6 
Switzerland 
AUDITORS 
To the Guarantor 
To the Issuer 
Deloitte SA 
Rue du Pré-de-la-Bichette 1 
1202 Geneva 
Switzerland 
Deloitte Accountants B.V. 
Wilhelminakade 1 
3072 AP Rotterdam 
The Netherlands

--- Page 143 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 140 - 
70-40753911 
 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
"Specified Denomination(s) ............................... 45 
€STR....................................................................... 58 
€STR reference rate ............................................. 58 
€STRi...................................................................... 58 
30/360..................................................................... 38 
30E/360 .................................................................. 38 
30E/360 (ISDA) ................................................... 39 
Accountholder.....................................................111 
Accrual Yield ........................................................ 36 
acting in concert ................................................... 71 
Actual/360 ............................................................. 38 
Actual/365 (Fixed) ............................................... 38 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) ........................................ 37 
Actual/Actual (ISDA).......................................... 38 
Additional Business Centre(s) ........................... 36 
Additional Financial Centre(s)........................... 36 
AEOI ....................................................................126 
Agency Agreement .............................................. 35 
Agent ...................................................................... 36 
Agents .................................................................... 36 
Alternative Performance Measures ..................... 4 
APMs........................................................................ 4 
Bank Rate .............................................................. 52 
Base Prospectus ............................................. 84, 98 
business day .......................................................... 46 
Business Day......................................................... 36 
Business Day Convention................................... 36 
Calculation Agent................................................. 37 
Calculation Amount............................................. 37 
Calculation Period................................................ 37 
Change of Control ................................................ 71 
Change of Control Put Event ............................. 71 
Change of Control Put Event Notice ................ 72 
Change of Control Put Option ........................... 71 
Change of Control Put Option Notice .............. 72 
Change of Control Put Period ............................ 72 
CHF .......................................................................... 4 
Clearing System Business Day ........................111 
Clearstream, Luxembourg .................................. 30 
Code........................................................................ 37 
Commission's proposal......................................129 
Compounded Daily €STR................................... 58 
Compounded Daily SOFR.................................. 54 
Compounded Daily SONIA ............................... 51 
Compounded Daily SONIA Rate ...................... 53 
Conditions ................................................35, 84, 98 
Coupon Sheet ........................................................ 37 
Couponholder........................................................ 46 
Couponholders...................................................... 36 
Coupons ................................................................. 36 
CSSF...........................................................................i 
DA Selected Bond................................................ 37 
Day Count Fraction.............................................. 37 
Dealer Agreement ..............................................130 
Dealers ..................................................................... 6 
Definitive Notes ................................................... 31 
Determination Agent............................................39 
Dispute....................................................................82 
distributor....................................................2, 83, 97 
Early Redemption Amount (Tax) ......................39 
Early Termination Amount .................................39 
ECB.........................................................................30 
EEA............................................................................ i 
Eligible Projects....................................................26 
EU Benchmarks Regulation ................................. ii 
EU CRA Regulation................................................ i 
EU MiFID II ............................................................. i 
EU MiFID Product Governance Rules ............... 2 
EU PRIIPs Regulation ........................................... 3 
EU Prospectus Regulation ..................................... i 
EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy ..................26 
EUR .......................................................................... 4 
euro ........................................................................... 4 
Eurobond Basis .....................................................38 
Euroclear ................................................................30 
Eurosystem ..................................................... 30, 32 
EUWA ....................................................................... i 
Exempt Notes .................................................... i, 35 
Extraordinary Resolution ....................................40 
Final Redemption Amount..................................40 
Final Terms............................................................35 
First Interest Payment Date.................................40 
first Person .............................................................45 
Fixed Coupon Amount ........................................40 
Floating Rate Convention ...................................37 
Following Business Day Convention................36 
FSMA ....................................................................... 3 
Global Note ...........................................................30 
Global Registered Note(s)...................................32 
Gross Redemption Yield .....................................40 
Guarantee ...............................................................40 
Guarantee of the Notes ........................................40 
Guarantor .......................................................... 1, 35 
Holder .............................................................. 40, 46 
IFRS .......................................................................... 4 
Indebtedness ..........................................................40 
Individual Note Certificates................................32 
Interest Accrual Period ........................................41 
Interest Amount ....................................................41 
Interest Commencement Date ............................41 
Interest Determination Date................................41 
Interest Payment Date..........................................41 
Interest Period .......................................................41 
ISDA Benchmarks Supplement .........................41 
ISDA Definitions ..................................................41 
Issue Date...............................................................41 
Issuer.................................................................. 1, 35 
LIBOR ....................................................................41 
Lock-out Period ....................................................55 
London Banking Day.................................... 51, 54 
Make Whole Redemption Price .................. 41, 69 
Margin ....................................................................41

--- Page 144 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 141 - 
70-40753911 
 
Material Subsidiary.............................................. 41 
Maturity Date ........................................................ 42 
Maximum Rate of Interest .................................. 42 
Maximum Redemption Amount ........................ 42 
MCAA..................................................................126 
Member State .......................................................... 4 
Minimum Rate of Interest................................... 42 
Minimum Redemption Amount......................... 42 
Modified Following Business Day Convention
............................................................................. 36 
Modified Preceding Business Day Convention
............................................................................. 37 
Moody's......................................................................i 
New Safekeeping Structure ................................ 32 
New York Fed's Website .................................... 55 
NGN ....................................................................... 30 
No Adjustment...................................................... 37 
Non-Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount
............................................................................. 42 
Note Certificate .................................................... 46 
Noteholder ............................................................. 46 
Notes............................................................. i, 35, 36 
NSS .................................................................. 32, 33 
Observation Period..................................52, 55, 59 
Optional Redemption Amount (Call) ............... 42 
Optional Redemption Amount (Put) ................. 42 
Optional Redemption Amount (Residual Call)
............................................................................. 42 
Optional Redemption Date ................................. 73 
Optional Redemption Date (Call)...................... 42 
Optional Redemption Date (Put) ....................... 42 
participating Member States.............................129 
Paying Agents ....................................................... 35 
Payment Business Day ........................................ 42 
Permanent Global Note ....................................... 30 
Permitted Security Interest .......................... 42, 47 
Person ..................................................................... 42 
Potential Change of Control Announcement... 71 
Preceding Business Day Convention ................ 37 
Pricing Supplement..........................................1, 35 
Principal Financial Centre .................................. 42 
Principal Paying Agent........................................ 35 
Programme .........................................................i, 35 
Put Option Notice................................................. 43 
Put Option Receipt ............................................... 43 
Quotation Time..................................................... 43 
Rate of Interest...................................................... 43 
Rating Agency ...................................................... 71 
Rating Event.......................................................... 71 
Record Date.........................................................111 
Redemption Amount............................................ 43 
Redemption Margin ............................................. 43 
Reference Banks................................................... 43 
Reference Bond .................................................... 43 
Reference Bond Price .......................................... 43 
Reference Bond Rate ........................................... 43 
Reference Date ..................................................... 43 
Reference Day ...................................................... 56 
Reference Government Bond Dealer ................ 43 
Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations
 .............................................................................43 
Reference Price .....................................................43 
Reference Rate ......................................................43 
Registered Notes...................................................32 
Registrar .................................................................35 
Regular Date..........................................................44 
Regular Period.......................................................44 
Regulation S ............................................................ ii 
Relevant Coupons.................................................74 
Relevant Date ........................................................44 
Relevant Financial Centre ...................................44 
Relevant Indebtedness .........................................44 
Relevant Number ........................................... 54, 57 
Relevant Screen Page...........................................44 
Relevant Time .......................................................44 
Remaining Term  ...................................................44 
Reserved Matter....................................................44 
second Person........................................................45 
Securities Act .......................................................... ii 
Security Interest ....................................................44 
Series ......................................................................35 
SFA ........................................................................... 3 
SOFR ............................................................... 56, 57 
SOFR Administrator ............................................57 
SOFR Administrator's Website ..........................57 
SOFR Determination Time .................................57 
SOFR Index ...........................................................57 
SOFR IndexEnd ......................................................57 
SOFR IndexStart......................................................57 
SOFRi .....................................................................56 
SONIA............................................................. 21, 52 
SONIA Compounded Index ...............................53 
SONIA Compounded IndexEnd...........................54 
SONIA Compounded IndexStart ..........................54 
SONIA reference rate ..........................................52 
SONIAi ...................................................................52 
Specified Currency ...............................................44 
Specified Future Date ..........................................63 
Specified Office ....................................................45 
Specified Period....................................................45 
Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount.....45 
Subsidiary ..............................................................45 
sub-unit............................................................ 48, 60 
Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation.....26 
Talon .......................................................................45 
TARGET Business Day ......................................59 
TARGET Settlement Day ...................................45 
TARGET2..............................................................45 
TEFRA C Rules ....................................................30 
TEFRA D Rules....................................................30 
Temporary Global Note.......................................30 
Tranche...................................................................35 
Transfer Agents.....................................................35 
Treaty......................................................................45 
Trust Deed .............................................................35 
Trustee ....................................................................35 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day56, 57 
UK ............................................................................. 3 
UK CRA Regulation ............................................... i

--- Page 145 ---
10088329383-v79 
- 142 - 
70-40753911 
 
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules............... 2 
UK PRIIPs Regulation .......................................... 3 
Zero Coupon Note ................................................45