--- Page 1 ---
- 1-
IMPORTANT NOTICE 
THE ATTACHED BASE PROSPECTUS IS AVAILABLE ONLY TO: (1) QIBs (AS DEFINED 
BELOW) UNDER RULE 144A WHO ARE ALSO QPs (AS DEFINED BELOW); OR (2) NON-U.S. 
PERSONS (WITHIN THE MEANING OF REGULATION S (AS DEFINED BELOW)) THAT ARE 
OUTSIDE OF THE UNITED STATES.  
IMPORTANT: You must read the following disclaimer before continuing. The following disclaimer 
applies to the attached base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") and you are therefore advised to read this 
disclaimer carefully before reading, accessing or making any other use of the Base Prospectus. In accessing 
the Base Prospectus, you agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions, including any 
modifications to them from time to time, each time you receive any information from us as a result of such 
access. You acknowledge that this electronic transmission and the delivery of the Base Prospectus is 
confidential and intended only for you and you agree you will not forward, reproduce or publish this 
electronic transmission or the Base Prospectus to any other person. 
NOTHING IN THIS ELECTRONIC TRANSMISSION CONSTITUTES AN OFFER OF 
SECURITIES FOR SALE IN ANY JURISDICTION WHERE IT IS UNLAWFUL TO DO SO. THE 
SECURITIES DESCRIBED IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS HAVE NOT BEEN, AND WILL NOT 
BE, REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE 
"SECURITIES ACT") OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OR OTHER 
JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED, 
SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED WITHIN THE UNITED STATES (AS 
DEFINED IN REGULATION S) OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. 
PERSONS, EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT 
SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND 
APPLICABLE STATE OR LOCAL SECURITIES LAWS.  
THE BASE PROSPECTUS MAY NOT BE FORWARDED OR DISTRIBUTED OTHER THAN AS 
PROVIDED BELOW AND MAY NOT BE REPRODUCED IN ANY MANNER WHATSOEVER. 
ANY FORWARDING, DISTRIBUTION OR REPRODUCTION OF THE ATTACHED 
DOCUMENT IN WHOLE OR IN PART IS PROHIBITED. FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH THIS 
DIRECTIVE MAY RESULT IN A VIOLATION OF THE SECURITIES ACT OR OTHER 
APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS. IF YOU HAVE GAINED ACCESS TO THIS 
TRANSMISSION CONTRARY TO ANY OF THE FOREGOING RESTRICTIONS, YOU ARE 
NOT AUTHORISED AND WILL NOT BE ABLE TO PURCHASE ANY OF THE TRUST 
CERTIFICATES DESCRIBED THEREIN. 
Any securities described in the Base Prospectus which do not constitute "alternative finance investment 
bonds" ("AFIBs") within the meaning of Article 77A of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
(Regulated Activities) (Amendment) Order 2010 will represent interests in a collective investment scheme 
(as defined in the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA")) which has not been 
authorised, recognised or otherwise approved by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority. 
Accordingly, the securities must not be marketed in the United Kingdom to the general public and the Base 
Prospectus is not being distributed to, and must not be passed on to, the general public in the United 
Kingdom. 
The distribution in the United Kingdom of this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms (as defined herein) and 
any other marketing materials relating to the securities is being addressed to, or directed at: (A) if the 
distribution of the securities (whether or not such securities are AFIBs) is being effected by a person who 
is not an authorised person under the FSMA, only the following persons: (i) persons outside the United 
Kingdom; (ii) persons who are Investment Professionals as defined in Article 19(5) of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended, the "Financial Promotion 
Order"); (iii) persons falling within any of the categories of persons described in Article 49 (high net worth 
companies, unincorporated associations, etc.) of the Financial Promotion Order; and (iv) any other person 
to whom it may otherwise lawfully be made in accordance with the Financial Promotion Order; and (B) if 
the securities are not AFIBs and the distribution is effected by a person who is an authorised person under 
the FSMA, only the following persons: (i) persons outside the United Kingdom; (ii) persons falling within 
one of the categories of Investment Professional as defined in Article 14(5) of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 (Promotion of Collective Investment Schemes) (Exemptions) Order 2001 (the 
"Promotion of CISs Order"); (iii) persons falling within any of the categories of person described in

--- Page 2 ---
Article 22 (high net worth companies, unincorporated associations, etc.) of the Promotion of CISs Order; 
and (iv) any other person to whom it may otherwise lawfully be promoted (all such persons together being 
referred to as "relevant persons"). Persons of any other description in the United Kingdom may not receive 
and should not act or rely on this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms or any other marketing materials in 
relation to any securities described herein. 
Confirmation of your representation: By accessing the Base Prospectus you confirm to the Government 
of the Emirate of Sharjah acting through the Sharjah Finance Department (the "Obligor" or the 
"Government"), to Sharjah Sukuk Programme Limited (in its capacities as issuer of the securities and as 
trustee for the holders of the securities, the "Trustee") and to each of HSBC Bank plc and Standard 
Chartered Bank (the "Arrangers") and to each of Abu Dhabi Islamic Bank PJSC, Dubai Islamic Bank 
PJSC, HSBC Bank plc, Sharjah Islamic Bank P.J.S.C. and Standard Chartered Bank and any other dealers 
appointed under the Programme (as defined herein) from time to time by the Government and the Trustee, 
which appointment may be for a specific issue of securities or on an ongoing basis (together, the "Dealers") 
that: (i) you understand and agree to the terms set out herein; (ii) either (a) you are a person that is outside 
the United States and is not a U.S. person (within the meaning of Regulation S under the Securities Act 
("Regulation S")); or (b) you are a qualified institutional buyer (a "QIB") within the meaning of Rule 144A 
under the Securities Act ("Rule 144A") who is also a qualified purchaser (a "QP") as defined in Section 
2(a)(51)(A) of the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, that is acquiring the securities for 
its own account or the account of another QIB that is also a QP; (iii) you consent to delivery of the Base 
Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto by electronic transmission; (iv) you will not 
transmit the Base Prospectus (or any copy of it or part thereof) or disclose, whether orally or in writing, any 
of its contents to any other person; and (v) you acknowledge that you will make your own assessment 
regarding any credit, investment, legal, taxation, Shari'a or other economic considerations with respect to 
your decision to subscribe or purchase any of the Trust Certificates. 
You are reminded that the Base Prospectus has been delivered to you on the basis that you are a person into 
whose possession the Base Prospectus may be lawfully delivered in accordance with the laws of the 
jurisdiction in which you are located and you may not, nor are you authorised to, deliver or disclose the 
contents of the Base Prospectus, electronically or otherwise, to any other person, and in particular to any 
U.S. person or to any U.S. address. Failure to comply with this directive may result in a violation of the 
Securities Act or other applicable securities laws. 
The Base Prospectus does not constitute, and may not be used in connection with, an offer or solicitation 
in any place where offers or solicitations are not permitted by law. If a jurisdiction requires that an offering 
of securities described herein be made by a licensed broker or dealer and the Arrangers and the Dealers or 
any affiliate of the Arrangers or the Dealers is a licensed broker or dealer in that jurisdiction, the relevant 
offering shall be deemed to be made by such Arranger or Dealer or such affiliate on behalf of the 
Government, the Trustee or holders of the applicable securities in such jurisdiction. 
Recipients of the Base Prospectus who intend to subscribe for or purchase the securities described herein 
are reminded that any subscription or purchase may only be made on the basis of the information contained 
in the Base Prospectus, the applicable Final Terms and/or supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus (if any). 
The distribution of the Base Prospectus in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose 
possession the Base Prospectus comes are required by the Government, the Trustee, the Arrangers and the 
Dealers to inform themselves about, and to observe, any such restrictions. 
The Base Prospectus has been sent to you in an electronic form. You are reminded that documents 
transmitted via this medium may be altered or changed during the process of electronic transmission and 
consequently none of the Government, the Trustee, the Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any person who 
controls them nor any director, officer, employee nor agent of them or any affiliate of any such person 
accepts any liability or responsibility whatsoever in respect of any difference between the Base Prospectus 
distributed to you in electronic format and the hard copy version available to you on request from the 
Obligor, the Trustee, the Arrangers and the Dealers. Please ensure that your copy is complete. Any reply e-
mail communications, including those you generate by using the "reply" function on your e-mail software, 
will be ignored or rejected. You are responsible for protecting against viruses and other destructive items. 
Your use of this e-mail is at your own risk, and it is your responsibility to take precautions to ensure that it 
is free from viruses and other items of a destructive nature.

--- Page 3 ---
Each of the Arrangers and the Dealers are acting exclusively for the Obligor and the Trustee and no one 
else in connection with any offer of the securities described in the Base Prospectus. They will not regard 
any other person (whether or not a recipient of the Base Prospectus) as their client in relation to any offer 
of the securities described in the Base Prospectus and will not be responsible to anyone other than the 
Government and the Trustee for providing the protections afforded to their clients nor for giving advice in 
relation to any offer of the securities described in the Base Prospectus or any transaction or arrangement 
referred to herein.

--- Page 4 ---
Base Prospectus 
 
SHARJAH SUKUK PROGRAMME LIMITED 
(incorporated as an exempted limited liability company in the Cayman Islands) 
Trust Certificate Issuance Programme 
Under the trust certificate issuance programme described in this Base Prospectus (the "Programme"), Sharjah Sukuk Programme Limited (in its capacities as issuer of the Trust 
Certificates (as defined below) and trustee for the Certificateholders (as defined below) (the "Trustee")), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, 
may from time to time issue trust certificates (the "Trust Certificates") in any currency agreed between the Trustee and the relevant Dealer(s) (as defined below). Trust Certificates 
may only be issued in registered form and there is no limit on the amount of Trust Certificates which may be issued under the Programme. 
The Trust Certificates may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under "Overview of the Programme" and any additional Dealer appointed under 
the Programme from time to time by the Trustee (each a "Dealer" and together the "Dealers"), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. References 
in this Base Prospectus to the relevant Dealer(s) shall, in the case of an issue of Trust Certificates being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers 
agreeing to subscribe for such Trust Certificates. 
The Trust Certificates will be limited recourse obligations of the Trustee. An investment in Trust Certificates issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a 
discussion of these risks, see "Risk Factors". 
Each Tranche (as defined herein) of Trust Certificates issued under the Programme will be constituted by: (i) an amended and restated master declaration of trust (the "Master 
Declaration of Trust") dated 1 July 2024 entered into between the Trustee, the Government of the Emirate of Sharjah acting through the Sharjah Finance Department (the 
"Obligor" or the "Government") and Deutsche Trustee Company Limited as delegate of the Trustee (in such capacity, the "Delegate"); and (ii) a supplemental declaration of 
trust (the "Supplemental Declaration of Trust" and, together with the Master Declaration of Trust, the "Declaration of Trust") in relation to the relevant Tranche. Trust 
Certificates of each Series (as defined herein) confer on the holders of the Trust Certificates from time to time (the "Certificateholders") the right to receive certain payments (as 
more particularly described herein) arising from the assets of a trust declared by the Trustee in relation to the relevant Series (the "Trust") over the relevant Trust Assets (as 
defined herein).  
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Central Bank of Ireland as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "EU Prospectus 
Regulation"). The Central Bank of Ireland only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the EU 
Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Trustee, the Government or the quality of the Trust Certificates. Investors should make 
their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Trust Certificates. Application has been made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext 
Dublin") for the Trust Certificates issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to listing on the official list 
of Euronext Dublin (the "Official List") and to trading on its regulated market (the "Regulated Market"). The Regulated Market is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II"). Such approval relates only to the Trust Certificates which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of EU 
MiFID II and/or which are to be offered to the public in any member state of the European Economic Area (the "EEA"). Each of the Trustee and the Government is an "Exempt 
Offeror" for the purposes of Article 13(1) of the Markets Law, Dubai International Financial Centre Law No. 1 of 2012 (as amended, the "Markets Law 2012") of the Dubai 
Financial Services Authority (the "DFSA"). Accordingly, this Base Prospectus has not been approved by the DFSA for the purposes of Articles 14 and 15 of the Markets Law 
2012. Application has been made to the DFSA for the Trust Certificates to be admitted to the official list of securities maintained by the DFSA (the "DFSA Official List") and to 
Nasdaq Dubai for admission to trading on Nasdaq Dubai. References in this Base Prospectus to Trust Certificates being "listed" (and all related references) shall mean that such 
Trust Certificates have been (a) admitted to the Official List and the DFSA Official List, (b) admitted to trading on the Regulated Market and on Nasdaq Dubai and/or (c) another 
EU MiFID II regulated market as may be specified in the applicable final terms relating to the relevant Tranche (the "applicable Final Terms" or "Final Terms"). The Programme 
provides that Trust Certificates may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock exchanges or markets as may be agreed between the Trustee, 
the Government and the relevant Dealer(s). However, unlisted Trust Certificates may also be issued pursuant to the Programme. The Final Terms in respect of the issue of any 
Trust Certificates will specify whether or not such Trust Certificates will be (a) listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market and/or (b) listed on the 
DFSA Official List and admitted to trading on Nasdaq Dubai (or any other stock exchange). This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid 
for a period of 12 months from its date. 
The Trust Certificates will be delisted from the Official List, the DFSA Official List and/or any other or further stock exchanges or markets on which the Trust Certificates have 
been listed following the occurrence of a Tangibility Event (as defined herein), see Condition 10.6 (Dissolution at the Option of the Certificateholders (Tangibility Event 
Certificateholder Put Right)). 
The Programme is expected to be rated BBB- and A-3 by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P") and Ba1 by Moody's Investors Service, Inc. ("Moody's"). Sharjah has 
been assigned a long- and short-term foreign and local currency sovereign credit rating of BBB- and A-3, respectively, by S&P with a stable outlook and a long-term issuer rating 
of Ba1 by Moody's with a stable outlook. S&P is established in the European Economic Area (the "EEA") and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"EU CRA Regulation"). S&P is not established in the United Kingdom and has not applied for registration under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 (as amended) as it forms part 
of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA") (the "UK CRA Regulation"). The ratings assigned by S&P have 
been endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, which is established in the United Kingdom and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. Moody's is not established in the 
EEA and has not applied for registration under the EU CRA Regulation. The ratings assigned by Moody's have been endorsed by Moody's Investors Service Cyprus Limited, 
which is established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation and Moody's Investors Service Limited, which is established in the United Kingdom and registered 
under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, S&P and Moody's Investors Service Cyprus Limited are included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities 
and Markets Authority ("ESMA") on its website (at http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. S&P 
Global Ratings UK Limited and Moody's Investors Service Limited appears on the latest update of the list of registered credit rating agencies on the United Kingdom Financial 
Conduct Authority's (the "FCA") Financial Services Register. Trust Certificates issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Trust Certificates is 
rated, such rating will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision, suspension 
or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating organisation. 
The Trust Certificates have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") or with any securities regulatory authority 
of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in 
Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S")), except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities 
Act and applicable state securities laws. The Trustee has not been and will not be registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the "Investment Company 
Act"), in reliance upon the exemption provided by Section 3(c)(7) thereof. 
Accordingly, the Trust Certificates are being offered. sold and delivered only: (i) outside the United States in offshore transactions to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation 
S and initially represented by a global certificate in registered form (the "Unrestricted Global Trust Certificate"); and (ii) within the United States to "qualified institutional 
buyers" (each, a "QIB") as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act ("Rule 144A") that are also "qualified purchasers" (each, a "QP"), as defined in Section 2(a)(51) of the 
U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the "Investment Company Act"), in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Rule 144A, and represented 
by one or more global certificates in registered form (a "Restricted Global Trust Certificate", together with the Unrestricted Global Trust Certificate, the "Global Trust 
Certificates"). Prospective purchasers are hereby notified that sellers of the Trust Certificates may be relying on the exemption from the provisions of Section 5 of the Securities 
Act provided by Rule 144A. For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Trust Certificates and on distribution of this Base Prospectus, see "Subscription and 
Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions." Global Trust Certificates will either (A) be deposited on the relevant issue date with, and registered in the name of a nominee for, a 
common depositary (the "Common Depositary") on behalf of Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") or (B) be 
deposited with a custodian for, and registered in the name of a nominee of, The Depository Trust Company ("DTC"). The Trust Certificates are subject to other restrictions on 
resales, pledges, exchanges and other transfers. See "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions". 
The transaction structure relating to the Trust Certificates (as described in this Base Prospectus) has been approved by the Internal Sharia Supervisory Committee of Abu Dhabi 
Islamic Bank PJSC, the Internal Sharia Supervisory Committee of Dubai Islamic Bank PJSC, the Internal Sharia Supervisory Committee of HSBC Bank Middle East Limited and 
the Global Shariah Supervisory Committee of Standard Chartered Bank as, in their view, complying with Shari'a principles as applicable to, and interpreted by, them. Prospective 
investors should not rely on such approvals in deciding whether to make an investment in the Trust Certificates and should consult their own Shari'a advisers as to whether the 
proposed transaction described in the approvals is in compliance with their individual standards of compliance with Shari'a principles. None of the Trustee, the Government, 
Dubai Islamic Bank P.J.S.C., HSBC Bank plc, Sharjah Islamic Bank P.J.S.C., Standard Chartered Bank, the Agents (as defined in the "Terms and Conditions of the Trust

--- Page 5 ---
Certificates") or the Delegate (as specified under "Overview of the Programme") or any of their respective affiliates makes any representation as to the Shari'a compliance of any 
Trust Certificates and/or any trading thereof (including, without limitation, any future trading of the Trust Certificates on the secondary market) and none of the Trustee, the 
Government, the Arrangers (as specified under "Overview of the Programme"), the Dealers (as specified under "Overview of the Programme") the Agents or the Delegate or any 
of their respective affiliates shall be liable to any Certificateholder or any other person in respect thereof. Prospective investors are reminded that, as with any Shari'a views, 
differences in opinion are possible and different Shari'a standards may be applied by different Shari'a boards or advisers. 
Arrangers 
HSBC 
Standard Chartered Bank 
Dealers 
Abu Dhabi Islamic Bank  
Dubai Islamic Bank 
HSBC 
Standard Chartered Bank  
Sharjah Islamic Bank P.J.S.C. 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 1 July 2024

--- Page 6 ---
10284521741-v41 
- i - 
75-41070318 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation. Each of the Trustee and the Government accepts responsibility for the information contained 
in this Base Prospectus. To the best of the knowledge of each of the Trustee and the Government, the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything 
likely to affect its import. 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed together with any supplements hereto and, in relation 
to any Tranche of Trust Certificates, should be read and construed together with the applicable Final Terms. 
The information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers do not form part of this Base 
Prospectus and have not been scrutinised or approved by the Central Bank of Ireland. 
This Base Prospectus must be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be incorporated 
herein by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference"). This Base Prospectus shall be read and 
construed on the basis that such documents are incorporated and form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Copies of Final Terms will be available from the specified office set out below of the Principal Paying 
Agent (as defined below) save that, if the relevant Trust Certificates are either (A) not listed on the Official 
List and neither admitted to trading on the Regulated Market or any other regulated market in the EEA nor 
offered in the EEA in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the EU Prospectus 
Regulation or (B) not listed on the DFSA Official List and admitted to trading on Nasdaq Dubai, the 
applicable Final Terms will only be obtainable by a Certificateholder holding one or more Trust Certificates 
and such Certificateholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Trustee or, as the case may be, the 
Principal Paying Agent as to its holding of such Trust Certificates and identity. Copies of Final Terms in 
relation to the Trust Certificates to be listed on Euronext Dublin will be published on the website of the 
Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/). 
In the case of any Trust Certificates which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within the 
EEA or United Kingdom or offered to the public in any member state of the EEA or the United Kingdom 
in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the EU Prospectus Regulation or 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA 
(the "UK Prospectus Regulation"), the minimum specified denomination shall be €100,000 (or its 
equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the Trust Certificates). 
None of the Dealers, the Arrangers (each as specified under "Overview of the Programme"), the Agents (as 
defined in the "Terms and Conditions of the Trust Certificates") or the Delegate (as specified under 
"Overview of the Programme") or their respective affiliates have independently verified the information 
contained herein. Accordingly, none of the Dealers, the Arrangers, the Agents, the Delegate or their 
respective affiliates accepts any responsibility or liability for and makes no representation, warranty or 
undertaking, express or implied, as to (i) the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, (ii) any acts or omissions of the Trustee, the Government 
or any other person in connection with this Base Prospectus or the issue and offering of the Trust 
Certificates or (iii) any other information provided in connection with the Trustee, the Government, the 
Programme, any Trust Certificates issued thereunder or their distribution. Each Arranger, Dealer, Agent, 
the Delegate and their respective affiliates accordingly disclaims all and any liability whether arising in tort 
or contract or otherwise (save as referred to above) which it might otherwise have in respect of this Base 
Prospectus or any other information provided by the Trustee or the Government in connection with the 
Programme, the Trust Certificates or their distribution. 
None of the Dealers or the Arrangers will regard any actual or prospective holders of Trust Certificates 
(whether or not a recipient of this Base Prospectus and/or the applicable Final Terms) as their client in 
relation to the offering described in this Base Prospectus and/or the applicable Final Terms and will not be 
responsible to anyone other than the Trustee for providing the protections afforded to its clients nor for 
providing the services in relation to the offering described in this Base Prospectus and/or the applicable 
Final Terms or any transaction or arrangement referred to herein or therein. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Trustee or the Government to give any information or to make 
any representation not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue or sale of the Trust Certificates and, if given or

--- Page 7 ---
10284521741-v41 
- ii - 
75-41070318 
 
made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the 
Government, the Trustee, the Delegate, any Arranger, any Dealer or any Agent. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any 
Trust Certificates: (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation; or (b) should be 
considered as a recommendation by the Government, the Trustee, the Delegate, any Arranger, any Dealer, 
or any Agent that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection 
with the Programme or any Trust Certificates should purchase any Trust Certificates. Each investor 
contemplating purchasing Trust Certificates should determine for itself the relevance of the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus, make its own independent investigation of the financial condition and 
affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness of the Trustee and the Government and its purchase 
of any Trust Certificates should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. Neither this Base 
Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of any Trust 
Certificates constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Government, the Trustee, the Delegate, 
any Arranger, any Dealer or the Agents to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Trust Certificates. 
None of the Dealers, the Arrangers, the Agents or the Delegate undertakes to review the financial condition 
or affairs of the Trustee or the Government during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus nor to advise any investor or prospective investor in the Trust Certificates of any information 
coming to the attention of any of the Dealers, the Arrangers, the Agents or the Delegate. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Trust Certificates shall 
in any circumstances imply that the information contained therein concerning the Trustee or the 
Government is correct at any time subsequent to the date of this Base Prospectus or that any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date 
indicated in the document containing the same. The Delegate, the Arrangers, the Dealers and the Agents 
expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Trustee or the Government 
during the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in the Trust Certificates issued under the 
Programme of any information coming to their attention. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Trust 
Certificates in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such 
jurisdiction. The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Trust Certificates may be 
restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. The Government, the Trustee, the Delegate, the Arrangers, the 
Dealers and the Agents do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any 
Trust Certificates may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other 
requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any 
responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken by 
the Government, the Trustee, the Delegate, the Arrangers, the Dealers or the Agents, which is intended to 
permit a public offering of any Trust Certificates or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction 
where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Trust Certificates may be offered or sold, directly 
or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be 
distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with 
any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Trust 
Certificates may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution 
of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of Trust Certificates. In particular, there are restrictions 
on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Trust Certificates in the United States, 
the United Kingdom, the EEA, the Kingdom of Bahrain, the Sultanate of Oman, the Kingdom of Saudi 
Arabia, the State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre), the Cayman Islands, the UAE (excluding 
the Dubai International Financial Centre (the "DIFC") and the Abu Dhabi Global Market (the "ADGM")), 
the ADGM, the DIFC, the State of Kuwait, Hong Kong, Singapore, Switzerland and Malaysia (and such 
other restrictions as may be required in connection with the offering and sale of a particular Tranche of 
Trust Certificates) (see "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions"). 
No comment is made or advice given by the Government, the Trustee, the Delegate, the Arrangers, any 
Dealer or the Agents in respect of taxation or Shari'a matters relating to any Trust Certificates or the legality 
of the purchase of Trust Certificates by an investor under applicable or similar laws. 
EACH PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR IS ADVISED TO CONSULT ITS OWN TAX ADVISER, 
LEGAL ADVISER AND BUSINESS ADVISER AS TO TAX, LEGAL, BUSINESS, SHARI'A AND 
RELATED MATTERS CONCERNING THE PURCHASE OF TRUST CERTIFICATES.

--- Page 8 ---
10284521741-v41 
- iii - 
75-41070318 
 
The Trust Certificates are complex financial instruments and such instruments may be purchased as a way 
to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall 
portfolios. A prospective investor should not invest in Trust Certificates which are complex financial 
instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) to evaluate how 
the Trust Certificates will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of such 
Trust Certificates and the impact this investment will have on the prospective investor's overall investment 
portfolio. 
The Trust Certificates may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Generally, investment in emerging 
markets such as Sharjah is only suitable for sophisticated investors who fully appreciate the significance of 
the risks involved in, and are familiar with, investing in emerging markets. Each prospective investor in 
Trust Certificates must determine the suitability of an investment in light of its own circumstances. In 
particular, each prospective investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial 
and other professional advisers, whether it: 
(a) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Trust Certificates 
and the complex structure thereof, the merits and risks of investing in the Trust Certificates and the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(b) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Trust Certificates and the impact the Trust 
Certificates will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(c) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Trust 
Certificates, including where the currency of payment is different from the prospective investor's 
currency; 
(d) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Trust Certificates and is familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant indices and financial markets; 
(e) 
is able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks; 
and 
(f) 
is able to evaluate the compliance of the Trust Certificates with Shari'a principles (including, 
without limitation, their individual standards of compliance relating thereto). 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain 
investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each 
prospective investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) the Trust 
Certificates are legal investments for it, (2) the Trust Certificates can be used as collateral for various types 
of financing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Trust Certificates. Financial 
institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate 
treatment of Trust Certificates under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
U.S. INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus is being submitted on a confidential basis in the United States to a limited 
number of persons reasonably believed to be QIBs that are also QPs for informational use solely in 
connection with the consideration of the purchase of certain Trust Certificates issued under the 
Programme. Its use for any other purpose in the United States is not authorised. This Base Prospectus 
may not be copied or reproduced in whole or in part nor may it be distributed or any of its contents 
disclosed to anyone other than the prospective investors to whom it is originally submitted. 
The Trust Certificates have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or with any 
securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States. Trust 
Certificates may not be offered or sold within the United States, except in transactions exempt from, 
or in transactions not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. The Trustee has 
not been and will not be registered as an investment company in the United States under the 
Investment Company Act.

--- Page 9 ---
10284521741-v41 
- iv - 
75-41070318 
 
Each purchaser or holder of Trust Certificates represented by a Restricted Global Trust Certificate 
or any Trust Certificates issued in exchange or substitution there of (together, "Legended Trust 
Certificates") will be deemed, by its acceptance or purchase of any such Legended Trust Certificates, 
to have made certain representations and agreements intended to restrict the resale or other transfer 
of such Trust Certificates as set out in "Subscription and Sale and Transfer of Selling Restrictions". 
Unless otherwise stated, terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them in "Form of 
Final Terms" or "Form of the Trust Certificates", as the case may be. 
NEITHER THE PROGRAMME NOR THE TRUST CERTIFICATES HAVE BEEN APPROVED 
OR DISAPPROVED BY THE U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, ANY STATE 
SECURITIES COMMISSION IN THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER U.S. REGULATORY 
AUTHORITY, NOR HAVE THE FOREGOING AUTHORITIES APPROVED THIS BASE 
PROSPECTUS OR CONFIRMED THE ACCURACY OR DETERMINED THE ADEQUACY OF 
THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS BASE PROSPECTUS. ANY REPRESENTATION 
TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENCE IN THE UNITED STATES. 
SERVICE OF PROCESS AND ENFORCEMENT OF CIVIL LIABILITIES 
Sharjah is a foreign sovereign state outside the United States and the United Kingdom, and a substantial 
portion of the assets of Sharjah is located outside the United States and the United Kingdom. As a result, it 
may not be possible for investors to effect service of process within the United States and/or the United 
Kingdom upon Sharjah or to enforce against it in the United States courts or English courts judgments 
obtained in United States courts or English courts, respectively, including judgments predicated upon the 
civil liability provisions of the securities laws of the United States or the securities laws of any state or 
territory within the United States. The Trust Certificates are governed by English law and disputes in respect 
of the Trust Certificates may be settled under the Arbitration Rules of the London Court of International 
Arbitration in London, England. In addition, actions in respect of the Trust Certificates may be brought in 
the English courts. 
A substantial part of Sharjah's assets are located in Sharjah. In the absence of any bilateral treaty for the 
reciprocal enforcement of foreign judgments, the Sharjah courts are unlikely to enforce a judgment obtained 
in United States courts or English courts without re-examining the merits of the claim and may not observe 
the choice by the parties of English law as the governing law of the Trust Certificates. Investors may have 
difficulties in enforcing any United States or English judgments or arbitration awards against Sharjah in the 
courts of Sharjah. These factors create greater judicial uncertainty than would be expected in certain other 
jurisdictions. See "Risk Factors — Risk factors relating to enforcement". 
NOTICE TO UK RESIDENTS 
Any Trust Certificates to be issued under the Programme which do not constitute "alternative finance 
investment bonds" ("AFIBs") within the meaning of Article 77A of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 (Regulated Activities) (Amendment) Order 2010 will represent interests in a 
collective investment scheme (as defined in the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended 
(the "FSMA")) which has not been authorised, recognised or otherwise approved by the United 
Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority. Accordingly, any Trust Certificates to be issued under the 
Programme must not be marketed in the United Kingdom to the general public and this Base 
Prospectus is not being distributed to, and must not be passed on to, the general public in the United 
Kingdom. 
The distribution in the United Kingdom of this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms and any other 
marketing materials relating to the Trust Certificates is being addressed to, or directed at: (A) if the 
distribution of the Trust Certificates (whether or not such Trust Certificates are AFIBs) is being 
effected by a person who is not an authorised person under the FSMA, only the following persons: 
(i) persons who are Investment Professionals as defined in Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the "Financial Promotion Order"); (ii) persons 
falling within any of the categories of persons described in Article 49 (high net worth companies, 
unincorporated associations, etc.) of the Financial Promotion Order; and (iii) any other person to 
whom it may otherwise lawfully be made in accordance with the Financial Promotion Order; and 
(B) if the Trust Certificates are not AFIBs and the distribution is effected by a person who is an 
authorised person under the FSMA, only the following persons: (i) persons falling within one of the 
categories of Investment Professional as defined in Article 14(5) of the Financial Services and

--- Page 10 ---
10284521741-v41 
- v - 
75-41070318 
 
Markets Act 2000 (Promotion of Collective Investment Schemes) (Exemptions) Order 2001 (the 
"Promotion of CISs Order"); (ii) persons falling within any of the categories of person described in 
Article 22 (high net worth companies, unincorporated associations, etc.) of the Promotion of CISs 
Order; and (iii) any other person to whom it may otherwise lawfully be made in accordance with the 
Promotion of CISs Order.  
Persons of any other description in the United Kingdom may not receive and should not act or rely 
on this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms or any other marketing materials in relation to the Trust 
Certificates. 
Prospective investors in the United Kingdom in any Trust Certificates are advised that all, or most, 
of the protections afforded by the United Kingdom regulatory system will not apply to an investment 
in such Trust Certificates and that compensation will not be available under the United Kingdom 
Financial Services Compensation Scheme. 
Any prospective investor intending to invest in any investment described in this Base Prospectus 
should consult its professional adviser and ensure that it fully understands all the risks associated 
with making such an investment and that it has sufficient financial resources to sustain any loss that 
may arise from such investment. 
EU MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The applicable Final Terms in respect of any series of Trust Certificates will include a legend entitled "EU 
MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Trust 
Certificates and which channels for distribution of the Trust Certificates are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the trust certificates (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Trust Certificates (by either adopting or 
refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. A determination 
will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance 
Rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "EU MiFID Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer 
subscribing for any Trust Certificates is a manufacturer in respect of such Trust Certificates, but otherwise 
neither the Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the 
purpose of the EU MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The applicable Final Terms in respect of any Series of Trust Certificates will include a legend entitled "UK 
MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Trust 
Certificates and which channels for distribution of the Trust Certificates are appropriate. Any distributor 
should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Trust Certificates (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose 
of the UK MiFIR product governance rules set out in the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any 
Trust Certificates is a manufacturer in respect of such Trust Certificates, but otherwise neither the Arrangers 
nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules. 
VOLCKER RULE 
The Trustee will be primarily relying on one or more exemptions under the Investment Company Act other 
than the exemptions contained in Section 3(c)(1) and Section 3(c)(7) of the Investment Company Act. 
Accordingly, the Trustee is being structured and intends to conduct its business so as not to constitute a 
"covered fund" for the purposes of the Volcker Rule. The Volcker Rule generally prohibits "banking 
entities" (which is broadly defined to include U.S. banks and bank holding companies and many non-U.S. 
banking entities, together with their respective subsidiaries and other affiliates) from: (i) engaging in 
proprietary trading; (ii) acquiring or retaining an ownership interest in or sponsoring a "covered fund"; and 
(iii) entering into certain relationships with such funds. The Volcker Rule became effective on 21 July 2012, 
and final regulations implementing the Volcker Rule were adopted on 10 December 2013, and became

--- Page 11 ---
10284521741-v41 
- vi - 
75-41070318 
 
effective on 1 April 2014. Conformance with the Volcker Rule and its implementing regulations was 
required by 21 July 2015. Under the Volcker Rule, unless jointly determined otherwise by specified federal 
regulators, a "covered fund" does not include an issuer that may rely on an exclusion or exemption from 
the definition of "investment company" under the Investment Company Act other than the exclusions 
contained in Section 3(c)(1) and Section 3(c)(7) of the Investment Company Act. The general effects of the 
Volcker Rule remain uncertain. Any prospective investor in the Trust Certificates, including a U.S. or 
foreign bank or a subsidiary or other affiliate thereof, should consult its own legal advisers regarding such 
matters and other effects of the Volcker Rule. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF THE KINGDOM OF BAHRAIN 
In relation to investors in the Kingdom of Bahrain, Trust Certificates issued in connection with this 
Base Prospectus and related offering documents may only be offered in registered form to existing 
accountholders and accredited investors (each as defined by the Central Bank of Bahrain (the 
"CBB")) in the Kingdom of Bahrain where such investors make a minimum investment of at least 
U.S.$100,000 or any equivalent amount in any other currency or such other amount as the CBB may 
determine. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of securities in the Kingdom of Bahrain pursuant 
to the terms of Article (81) of the Central Bank and Financial Institutions Law 2006 (decree Law No. 
64 of 2006). This Base Prospectus and any related offering documents have not been and will not be 
registered as a prospectus with the CBB. Accordingly, no Trust Certificates may be offered, sold or 
made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase nor will this Base Prospectus or any 
other related document or material be used in connection with any offer, sale or invitation to 
subscribe or purchase securities, whether directly or indirectly, to persons in the Kingdom of 
Bahrain, other than to accredited investors (as such term is defined by the CBB) for an offer outside 
the Kingdom of Bahrain. 
The CBB has not reviewed, approved or registered this Base Prospectus or any related offering 
documents and it has not in any way considered the merits of the Trust Certificates to be offered for 
investment, whether in or outside the Kingdom of Bahrain. Therefore, the CBB assumes no 
responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of the statements and information contained in this 
Base Prospectus and expressly disclaims any liability whatsoever for any loss howsoever arising from 
reliance upon the whole or any part of the content of this Base Prospectus. No offer of Trust 
Certificates will be made to the public in the Kingdom of Bahrain and this Base Prospectus must be 
read by the addressee only and must not be issued, passed to, or made available to the public 
generally. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF OMAN 
The information contained in this Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of securities in Oman 
as contemplated by the Commercial Companies Law of Oman (Royal Decree 18/19, as amended) (the 
"Commercial Companies Law") or Article 3 of the Capital Market Law of Oman (Royal Decree 
80/98, as amended) nor does it constitute a sukuk offering pursuant to the Sukuk Regulation issued 
by the Oman Capital Market Authority (CMA Decision 3/2016). This Base Prospectus will only be 
made available to investors in Oman in accordance with Article 139 of the Executive Regulations of 
the Capital Market Law (CMA Decision 1/2009, as amended) (the "Executive Regulations") by an 
entity duly licensed by the Oman Capital Market Authority to market non- Omani securities in 
Oman. 
This Base Prospectus has not been (and will not be) filed with the Oman Capital Market Authority 
(except in accordance with Article 139 of the Executive Regulations), the Central Bank of Oman or 
any other regulatory authority in Oman and neither the Oman Capital Market Authority nor the 
Central Bank of Oman assumes responsibility for the accuracy and adequacy of the statements and 
information contained in this Base Prospectus and shall not have any liability to any person for 
damage or loss resulting from reliance on any statements or information contained herein.

--- Page 12 ---
10284521741-v41 
- vii - 
75-41070318 
 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS IN THE KINGDOM OF SAUDI ARABIA 
This Base Prospectus may not be distributed in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia except to such persons 
as are permitted under the Rules on the Offer of Securities and Continuing Obligations issued by the 
Saudi Arabian Capital Market Authority (the "Capital Market Authority"). 
The Capital Market Authority does not make any representations as to the accuracy or completeness 
of this Base Prospectus, and expressly disclaims any liability whatsoever for any loss arising from, or 
incurred in reliance upon, any part of this Base Prospectus. Prospective purchasers of Trust 
Certificates issued under the Programme should conduct their own due diligence on the accuracy of 
the information relating to the Trust Certificates. If you do not understand the contents of this Base 
Prospectus, you should consult an authorised financial adviser. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF THE STATE OF QATAR 
Any Trust Certificates to be issued under the Programme will not be offered or sold at any time, 
directly or indirectly, in the State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre) in a manner that 
would constitute a public offering. This Base Prospectus has not been and will not be reviewed or 
approved by, or registered with, the Qatar Financial Markets Authority, the Qatar Central Bank, 
the Qatar Stock Exchange or the Qatar Financial Centre Regulatory Authority in accordance with 
their regulations or any other regulations in the State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial 
Centre). The Trust Certificates are not and will not be traded on the Qatar Stock Exchange. The 
Trust Certificates and interests therein will not be offered to investors domiciled or resident in Qatar 
and do not constitute debt financing in the State of Qatar under the Commercial Companies Law 
No. (11) of 2015 or otherwise under the laws of the State of Qatar. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF THE CAYMAN ISLANDS 
No invitation, whether directly or indirectly, may be made to any member of the public in the 
Cayman Islands to subscribe for any Trust Certificates issued under the Programme and this Base 
Prospectus shall not be construed as an invitation to any member of the public of the Cayman Islands 
to subscribe for any Trust Certificates issued under the Programme. 
PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B(1)(C) OF THE SECURITIES 
AND FUTURES ACT 2001, AS AMENDED OR MODIFIED FROM TIME TO TIME 
The applicable Final Terms in respect of any Series of Trust Certificates may include a legend entitled 
"Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification" which will state the product 
classification of the Trust Certificates pursuant to section 309B(1) of the Securities and Futures Act 
2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA"). If applicable, the Trustee 
will make a determination and, prior to making any offering of Trust Certificates in Singapore, 
provide the appropriate written notification to "relevant persons" (as defined in section 309A(1) of 
the SFA) in relation to each issue about the classification of the Trust Certificates being offered for 
purposes of section 309B(1)(a) and section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA. 
STABILISATION 
IN CONNECTION WITH THE ISSUE OF ANY TRANCHE OF TRUST CERTIFICATES, THE 
DEALER OR DEALERS (IF ANY) NAMED AS STABILISATION MANAGER(S) (OR ANY 
PERSONS ACTING ON BEHALF OF ANY STABILISATION MANAGER(S)) IN THE 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS MAY EFFECT TRANSACTIONS WITH A VIEW TO 
SUPPORTING THE MARKET PRICE OF THE TRUST CERTIFICATES AT A LEVEL HIGHER 
THAN THAT WHICH MIGHT OTHERWISE PREVAIL. HOWEVER, STABILISATION 
ACTION MAY NOT NECESSARILY OCCUR. ANY STABILISATION ACTION MAY BEGIN 
ON OR AFTER THE ISSUE DATE OF THE RELEVANT TRANCHE AND, IF BEGUN, MAY 
CEASE AT ANY TIME, BUT IT MUST END NO LATER THAN THE EARLIER OF 30 DAYS 
AFTER THE ISSUE DATE OF THE RELEVANT TRANCHE OF TRUST CERTIFICATES AND 
60 DAYS AFTER THE DATE OF THE ALLOTMENT OF THE RELEVANT TRANCHE OF 
TRUST CERTIFICATES. ANY STABILISATION ACTION MUST BE CONDUCTED BY THE 
RELEVANT STABILISATION MANAGER(S) (OR PERSONS ACTING ON BEHALF OF ANY

--- Page 13 ---
10284521741-v41 
- viii -
75-41070318 
STABILISATION MANAGER(S)) IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE LAWS AND 
RULES. 
SUSTAINABLE TRUST CERTIFICATES 
The Final Terms relating to a specific Tranche of Trust Certificates identified therein as "Sustainable Trust 
Certificates" (the "Sustainable Trust Certificates") will provide that it is the Trustee's intention to apply 
an amount at least equal to the net proceeds of the issue of such Sustainable Trust Certificates (the 
"equivalent amount"), to finance and/or refinance eligible, in whole or in part, existing projects and/or 
expenditures ("Eligible Expenditures") in accordance with the Government's Sustainable Financing 
Framework (as amended, supplemented, restated and/or otherwise updated on the Government's website 
from time to time, the "Sustainable Financing Framework"). A prospective investor should have regard 
to the information set out in the section "Use of Proceeds" and seek advice from their independent financial 
adviser or other professional adviser regarding their purchase of any Sustainable Trust Certificates before 
deciding to invest and must determine for themselves the relevance of such information, together with any 
other investigation such investor deems necessary for the purpose of assessing the suitability of an 
investment in such Trust Certificates in light of its investment criteria, guidelines, requirements or 
expectations. 
No assurance is given by the Trustee, the Government, the Arrangers, the Dealers or any other person that 
such use of proceeds will meet, in whole or in part, any present or future investment expectations or 
requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments 
are required, or intend, to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its 
own bylaws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any 
direct or indirect environmental or sustainability impact of any project or uses, the subject of or related to, 
the Sustainable Financing Framework (including in relation to Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the 
establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the so called "EU Taxonomy 
Regulation") and any related technical screening criteria, the Regulation (EU) 2023/2631 on European 
Green Bonds and optional disclosures for bonds marketed as environmentally sustainable and for 
sustainability-linked bonds (the "EU Green Bond Regulation"), the Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 on 
sustainability-related disclosures in the financial services sector ("SFDR"), and any implementing 
legislation and guidelines, or any similar legislation in the United Kingdom). None of the Arrangers or the 
Dealers or their respective affiliates have undertaken, nor are they responsible for, any assessment or due 
diligence of, the Eligible Expenditures, or any related projects or the application, impact or monitoring of 
the use of the proceeds (or any amount equivalent thereto) of any Sustainable Trust Certificates. None of 
the Arrangers or the Dealers or their respective affiliates have undertaken any due diligence, or makes any 
representation as to the suitability or contents, of the Sustainable Financing Framework, any second party 
opinion delivered in respect thereof or any public reporting by or on behalf of the Government in respect 
of the application of the proceeds of any issue of Sustainable Trust Certificates, all of which are not, nor 
shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. 
No assurance or representation is or can be given by the Trustee, the Arrangers, the Dealers or any other 
person that Eligible Expenditures will meet investor expectations or requirements regarding such "green", 
"environmental", "sustainable", "social" or similar labels (including the EU Taxonomy Regulation or 
Regulation (EU) 2020/852 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA 
and any related technical screening criteria, the EU Green Bond Regulation, SFDR and any implementing 
legislation and guidelines, or any similar legislation in the United Kingdom) or any requirements of such 
labels as they may evolve from time to time, as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which 
such investor or its investments are required to comply or that any adverse environmental and/or other 
impacts will not occur during the implementation of any projects funded by or related to any Eligible 
Expenditures. Each prospective investor should have regard to the factors described in the Sustainable 
Financing Framework and the relevant information contained in this Base Prospectus and seek advice from 
their independent financial adviser or other professional adviser regarding its purchase of any Sustainable 
Trust Certificates before deciding to invest. The Government's Sustainable Financing Framework may be 
subject to review and change and may be amended, updated, supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn 
from time to time and any subsequent version(s) may differ from any description given in this Base 
Prospectus. The Government's Sustainable Financing Framework does not form part of, nor is incorporated 
by reference, in this Base Prospectus. None of the Arrangers or the Dealers or their respective affiliates 
shall be responsible for (i) the suitability of any Sustainable Trust Certificates to fulfil environmental, social 
and/or sustainability criteria required by prospective investors, (ii) whether the equivalent amount will be

--- Page 14 ---
10284521741-v41 
- ix - 
75-41070318 
 
used to finance and/or refinance Eligible Expenditures, (iii) any assessment of the Eligible Expenditures, 
or (iv) the ongoing monitoring of the use of proceeds in respect of any such Sustainable Trust Certificates. 
None of the Arrangers or the Dealers or their respective affiliates makes any representation or provide any 
assurance as to the suitability of any Sustainable Trust Certificates, including the listing or admission to 
trading thereof on any dedicated "green", "environmental", "sustainable", "social" or other equivalently-
labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market, to fulfil any green, social, environmental or 
sustainability criteria required by any prospective investors. None of the Arrangers or the Dealers or their 
respective affiliates have undertaken, nor are they responsible for, any assessment of the eligibility criteria 
for Eligible Expenditures financed or refinanced with the proceeds of the issuance of the Sustainable Trust 
Certificates, any verification of whether the Eligible Expenditures meet such criteria, the monitoring of the 
use of proceeds of any Sustainable Trust Certificates (or amounts equal thereto) or the allocation of the 
proceeds by the Trustee to particular Eligible Expenditures. Each prospective investor should have regard 
to the information set out in "Use of Proceeds" below and determine for itself the relevance of such 
information for the purposes of an investment in Sustainable Trust Certificates together with any other 
investigation it deems necessary. 
SUPPLEMENTARY BASE PROSPECTUS 
If at any time the Trustee and the Government shall be required to prepare a supplementary base prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation, the Trustee and the Government will prepare and 
make available a supplement to this Base Prospectus which, in respect of any subsequent issue of Trust 
Certificates to be listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market, shall constitute 
a supplementary base prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
Each of the Trustee and the Government has given an undertaking to the Arrangers and the Dealers that if 
at any time during the duration of the Programme there is a significant new factor, material mistake or 
inaccuracy relating to information contained in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the 
assessment of any Trust Certificates and whose inclusion in or removal from this Base Prospectus is 
necessary for the purpose of allowing an investor to make an informed assessment of the assets and 
liabilities, financial position, profits and losses (if applicable) and prospects of each of the Trustee and the 
Government, and the rights attaching to the Trust Certificates, the Trustee and the Government shall prepare 
a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a replacement base prospectus for use in connection with 
any subsequent offering of the Trust Certificates and shall supply to each Arranger and Dealer such number 
of copies of such supplement hereto as such Arranger or Dealer may reasonably request. 
PRESENTATION OF STATISTICAL INFORMATION 
The statistical information in this Base Prospectus has been derived from a number of different identified 
sources. Certain information (for example information relating to the balance of payments and information 
under the heading "Monetary and Financial System") is only available on a federal basis relating to the 
entire UAE and investors should note that Sharjah's specific position may differ in material respects from 
the position at an overall federal level. All statistical information provided in this Base Prospectus may 
differ from that published previously by the Government or that produced by other sources for a variety of 
reasons, including regular periodic revisions (in common with the approach to the publication of statistics 
used by other governments), the use of different definitions and cut-off times. Statistical information 
provided in respect of a certain year may be changed retrospectively in subsequent years when more recent 
statistical information is published. 
Some statistical information has also been derived from information made publicly available by third parties 
such as the International Monetary Fund (the "IMF"). Where such third party information has been so 
sourced, the source is stated where it appears in this Base Prospectus. Each of the Trustee and the 
Government confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware 
and is able to ascertain from information published by third parties, no facts have been omitted which would 
render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
Similar statistics may be obtainable from other sources, but the date of publication, underlying assumptions, 
methodology and, consequently, the resulting data may vary from source to source. In addition, statistics 
and data published by one ministry or agency may differ from similar statistics and data produced by other 
agencies or ministries due to differing underlying assumptions, methodology or timing of when such data 
is reproduced. Certain historical statistical information contained herein is provisional or otherwise based

--- Page 15 ---
10284521741-v41 
- x - 
75-41070318 
 
on estimates that Sharjah and/or its agencies believe to be based on reasonable assumptions. Sharjah's 
official financial and economic statistics are subject to regular internal review as part of a regular 
confirmation process. Accordingly, the financial and economic information set out in this Base Prospectus 
may be subsequently adjusted or revised and may differ from previously published financial and economic 
information. While Sharjah does not expect such revisions to be material, no assurance can be given that 
material changes will not be made. 
Information contained herein that is identified as being derived from a publication of Sharjah or one of its 
agencies or instrumentalities is included herein on the authority of such publication as an official public 
document of Sharjah. All other information contained herein with respect to Sharjah or the United Arab 
Emirates is included as an official public statement made on the authority of the Sharjah Finance 
Department of the Government. 
PRESENTATION OF ECONOMIC INFORMATION 
Annual information presented in this Base Prospectus is based upon the calendar year beginning 1 January 
of each year (which is the fiscal year for the UAE and Sharjah), unless otherwise indicated. Certain figures 
included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, figures shown 
for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as totals in certain 
tables may not be the sum of the figures which precede them. Statistical information reported herein has 
been derived from official publications of, and information supplied by, a number of agencies and ministries 
of the Government, including the Department of Statistics and Community Development ("DSCD") and 
Sharjah Finance Department. Some statistical information has also been derived from information publicly 
made available by third parties such as the UAE Federal Competitiveness and Statistics Authority (formerly 
the National Bureau of Statistics) (the "FCSA") and the UAE Central Bank. Where such third party 
information has been so sourced, the source is stated where it appears in this Base Prospectus. The DSCD 
began reporting gross domestic product ("GDP") data for Sharjah for 2017 which differs from GDP and 
other information for Sharjah reported by the FCSA. Each of the Trustee and the Government confirms that 
such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information published by third parties, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading. 
PRESENTATION OF INFORMATION 
Certain Defined Terms and Conventions 
References to any individual year are references to a calendar year commencing on 1 January and ending 
on 31 December in the same year. All references in this document to "AED" and "U.A.E. Dirham" are to 
the currency of the UAE; to "U.S. Dollars", "U.S.$" and "$" are to the currency of the United States of 
America. The UAE Dirham has been pegged to the U.S. Dollar since 22 November 1980. The mid-point 
between the official buying and selling rates for the UAE Dirham is at a fixed rate of AED 3.6725 = 
U.S.$1.00. For ease of presentation, certain financial information relating to Sharjah included herein is 
presented as translated into U.S. Dollars at the U.S. Dollar/AED rates of exchange deemed appropriate by 
Sharjah. Such translations should not be construed as a representation that the amounts in question have 
been, could have been or could be converted into U.S. Dollars at that or any other rate. References to "SDR" 
are to the Special Drawing Right, a unit of account having the meaning ascribed to it from time to time by 
the rules and regulations of the IMF. References to "RMB" are to the lawful currency of the People's 
Republic of China (the "PRC") (which, for the purposes of this Base Prospectus, excludes the Hong Kong 
Special Administrative Region of the PRC, the Macau Special Administrative Region of the PRC and 
Taiwan). References to "Euros" or "€" are to are to the single currency introduced at the start of the third 
stage of European Economic and Monetary Union pursuant to the Treaty establishing the European 
Community, as amended by the Treaty on European Union. References in this document to "billions" are 
to thousands of millions. References to the "Government" are to the Government of the Emirate of Sharjah 
unless the context otherwise requires. References to "Sharjah" and to the "Emirate" are to the Emirate of 
Sharjah. References to the "UAE" are to the United Arab Emirates. 
Foreign Language 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have 
been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them 
under applicable law.

--- Page 16 ---
10284521741-v41 
- xi - 
75-41070318 
 
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
Some of the statements contained in this Base Prospectus constitute forward-looking statements. Statements 
that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements generally can be 
identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as "may", "will", "expect", "intend", "estimate", 
"anticipate", "believe", "continue", "could", "should", "would" or similar terminology.  
Although the Government believes that the expectations, estimates and projections reflected in its forward-
looking statements are reasonable, if one or more of the risks or uncertainties materialise, including those 
identified below or which the Government has otherwise identified in this Base Prospectus, or if any of the 
Government's underlying assumptions prove to be incomplete or inaccurate, the financial, political or 
economic condition of Sharjah may vary from that expected, estimated or predicted. Investors are therefore 
strongly advised to read the sections entitled "Risk Factors", and "The Economy of Sharjah", which include 
a more detailed description of the factors that might have an impact on the financial, political or economic 
condition of Sharjah. 
These forward-looking statements speak only as at the date of this Base Prospectus. Without prejudice to 
any requirements under applicable laws, the Trustee and the Government expressly disclaims any obligation 
or undertaking to disseminate after the date of this Base Prospectus any updates or revisions to any forward-
looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in expectations thereof or any change in events, 
conditions or circumstances on which any forward-looking statement is based.

--- Page 17 ---
10284521741-v41 
- xii - 
75-41070318 
 
CONTENTS 
 
Page 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ....................................................................................................... 1 
RISK FACTORS ........................................................................................................................................ 13 
STRUCTURE DIAGRAM AND CASHFLOWS ...................................................................................... 33 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ............................................................................. 35 
USE OF PROCEEDS ................................................................................................................................. 36 
DESCRIPTION OF THE TRUSTEE ......................................................................................................... 38 
DESCRIPTION OF THE EMIRATE OF SHARJAH ................................................................................ 39 
THE ECONOMY OF SHARJAH .............................................................................................................. 52 
BALANCE OF PAYMENTS AND FOREIGN TRADE ........................................................................... 68 
MONETARY AND FINANCIAL SYSTEM ............................................................................................. 73 
PUBLIC FINANCE ................................................................................................................................... 88 
INDEBTEDNESS ...................................................................................................................................... 93 
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS .............................................................................................. 96 
FORM OF THE TRUST CERTIFICATES .............................................................................................. 100 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ...................................................................................................................... 103 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE TRUST CERTIFICATES ......................................................... 112 
SUMMARY OF THE PRINCIPAL TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS .................................................. 158 
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................. 169 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS .......................... 177 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................. 187 
APPENDIX – FISCAL PLAN ................................................................................................................. 190

--- Page 18 ---
- 1 - 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
Words and expressions defined in the "Terms and Conditions of the Trust Certificates" (the "Conditions") 
and elsewhere in this Base Prospectus shall have the same meanings in this overview. This overview 
constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 2019/980. 
Issuer, Trustee, Purchaser and 
Lessor 
 
Sharjah Sukuk Programme Limited, an exempted limited 
liability company incorporated in the Cayman Islands under 
the Companies Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands. The 
Trustee has been incorporated solely for the purpose of 
participating in the transactions contemplated by the 
Transaction Documents (as defined below) to which it is a 
party. 
Trustee's Legal Entity Identifier 
(LEI) 
 
549300N3BQ9P6RRMVV02. 
Obligor, Seller, Lessee, Buyer, 
Servicing Agent and the 
Government 
 
The Government of the Emirate of Sharjah, acting through the 
Sharjah Finance Department. 
Arrangers 
 
HSBC Bank plc 
Standard Chartered Bank 
Dealers 
 
Abu Dhabi Islamic Bank PJSC 
Dubai Islamic Bank PJSC 
HSBC Bank plc 
Sharjah Islamic Bank P.J.S.C. 
Standard Chartered Bank 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the 
Dealer Agreement. 
Delegate 
 
Deutsche Trustee Company Limited. 
Principal Paying Agent and 
Transfer Agent 
 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch. 
Registrar 
 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
U.S. Paying Agent, U.S. Transfer 
Agent and U.S. Registrar 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas. 
Negative Pledge 
 
The Purchase Undertaking contains a negative pledge given 
by the Government. 
Trustee Covenants  
The Trustee has agreed to certain restrictive covenants as set 
out in "Covenants" in the Conditions.

--- Page 19 ---
- 2 - 
 
 
Cross Acceleration  
In respect of the Government, the Trust Certificates will have 
the benefit of a cross-acceleration provision, as described in 
sub-paragraph (iii) of the definition of "Government Event" 
corresponding thereto (contained in the Conditions). 
Status of the Trust Certificates 
Each Trust Certificate evidences an undivided ownership 
interest of the Certificateholders in the Trust Assets subject to 
the terms of the Declaration of Trust and the Conditions, and 
is a direct, unsubordinated, unsecured and limited recourse 
obligation of the Trustee. Each Trust Certificate will rank pari 
passu, without any preference or priority, with all other Trust 
Certificates. 
 
The payment obligations of the Government (in any capacity) 
under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party in 
respect of each Series of Trust Certificates will be direct, 
unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the negative 
pledge provisions described in the Purchase Undertaking) 
unsecured obligations of the Government and (save for such 
exceptions as may be provided by applicable legislation and 
subject to the negative pledge provisions described in the 
Purchase Undertaking) at all times rank at least pari passu 
with 
all 
other 
present and 
future 
unsecured 
and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Government from time to 
time outstanding, provided, further, that the Government shall 
have no obligation to effect equal or rateable payment(s) at 
any time with respect to any such other obligations and, in 
particular, shall have no obligation to pay such other 
obligations at the same time or as a condition of paying sums 
due under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party 
and vice versa. 
Meetings of Certificateholders 
The Conditions contain a "collective action" clause which 
permits defined majorities to bind all Certificateholders. 
 
If the Trustee issues future securities which contain collective 
action clauses in substantially the same form as the collective 
action clause in the Conditions, the Trust Certificates would 
be capable of aggregation with any such future securities. See 
"Risk Factors — Risk factors relating to the Trust Certificates 
— The Conditions contain a "collective action" clause under 
which the terms of any one Series of Trust Certificates or 
multiple Series of Trust Certificates may be amended, 
modified 
or 
waived 
without 
the 
consent 
of 
all 
Certificateholders". 
Further Issues 
 
On the relevant Issue Date of any additional Tranche of Trust 
Certificates issued in accordance with Condition 23 (Further 
Issues): (i) the Government (in its capacity as seller) and the 
Trustee (in its capacity as purchaser) may enter into a 
Supplemental Purchase Agreement for the sale, transfer and 
conveyance of the relevant Additional Assets; and (ii) 
provided that the value of Additional Asset(s) (if any) is less 
than the aggregate face amount of the additional Trust 
Certificates, or where no Additional Assets are being 
purchased by the Trustee (in its capacity as purchaser) from

--- Page 20 ---
- 3 -
the Government (in its capacity as seller) in relation to any 
additional Tranche of Trust Certificates, on receipt of a 
purchase order from the Government (acting as buyer) and in 
accordance with the Master Murabaha Agreement, the 
Government may purchase commodities from Sharjah Sukuk 
Programme Limited at a Deferred Sale Price equal to the 
aggregate of: (i) the Murabaha Percentage of the aggregate 
face amount of the additional Trust Certificates; and (ii) the 
relevant Profit Amount (as defined in the Master Murabaha 
Agreement). The Trustee will execute a Declaration of 
Commingling of Assets for and on behalf of the holders of the 
relevant existing Trust Certificates and the holders of such 
additional Trust Certificates so created and issued, declaring 
that the relevant Additional Asset(s) (if any) and the relevant 
Lease Asset(s) (if any) in respect of the relevant Series as in 
existence immediately prior to the creation and issue of the 
additional Trust Certificates and the Commodity Murabaha 
Investments (if any) relating to the relevant Series (and all 
rights arising under or with respect to such Commodity 
Murabaha Investments, including the right to receive 
payment of the relevant Deferred Sale Price) is/are 
commingled and shall collectively comprise part of the Trust 
Assets for the benefit of the holders of such existing Trust 
Certificates and the holders of such additional Trust 
Certificates. 
Use of Proceeds 
The net proceeds of each Tranche of Trust Certificates issued 
under the Programme will be applied by the Trustee pursuant 
to the terms of the relevant Transaction Documents on the 
relevant Issue Date in the following proportion: (A) the Ijara 
Percentage of the aggregate face amount of the Trust 
Certificates of such Tranche as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms towards the purchase from the Government of all 
of its rights, title and interests in, to and under (in the case of 
the first Tranche) the Asset(s) and, if applicable (in the case 
of each subsequent Tranche) the Additional Asset(s) pursuant 
to the relevant Purchase Agreement; and (B) if applicable, the 
Murabaha Percentage of the aggregate face amount of the 
Trust Certificates of such Tranche as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms towards the purchase of commodities 
to be sold to the Government pursuant to the Master 
Murabaha Agreement.  
In relation to each Tranche of Sustainable Trust Certificates, 
the equivalent amount will be applied by the Government to 
finance and/or refinance, in whole or in part, Eligible 
Expenditures 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
Government's 
Sustainable Financing Framework.  
If, in respect of any particular issue, there is a particular 
identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Risk Factors 
There are certain factors that may affect the Trustee's and 
Government's ability to fulfil its respective obligations under 
the Trust Certificates. See "Risk Factors".

--- Page 21 ---
- 4 - 
 
 
Issuance in Series  
Trust Certificates will be issued in Series. Each Series may 
comprise one or more Tranches issued on different Issue 
Dates. The Trust Certificates of each Series will have the 
same terms and conditions or terms and conditions which are 
the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the 
first payment of Periodic Distribution Amounts thereon and 
the date from which Periodic Distribution Amounts start to 
accrue. 
Distribution 
 
Trust Certificates may be distributed by way of private or 
public placement and in each case on a syndicated or non-
syndicated basis. 
Currencies 
 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, any 
currency agreed between the Trustee, the Government and the 
relevant Dealer(s). 
Maturities 
 
The Trust Certificates will have such maturities as may be 
agreed between the Trustee, the Government and the relevant 
Dealer(s), subject to such minimum or maximum maturities 
as may be allowed or required from time to time by the 
relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or 
regulations applicable to the Trustee, the Government or the 
relevant Specified Currency. 
Denominations 
 
The Trust Certificates will be issued in such denominations 
as may be agreed between the Trustee, the Government and 
the relevant Dealer(s), save that: (i) the minimum 
denomination of each Trust Certificate will be such amount 
as may be allowed or required from time to time by the 
relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or 
regulations applicable to the Specified Currency; (ii) the 
minimum denomination of each Trust Certificate admitted to 
trading on a regulated market within the EEA or the United 
Kingdom or offered to the public in a Member State of the 
EEA or the United Kingdom, in circumstances which require 
the publication of a prospectus under the EU Prospectus 
Regulation, will be at least €100,000 (or, if the Trust 
Certificates are denominated in a currency other than euro, 
the equivalent amount in such currency, as calculated on the 
date of issue of the Trust Certificates (the "Issue Date" of the 
relevant Tranche)); and (iii) unless otherwise permitted by 
such current laws and regulations, Trust Certificates 
(including Trust Certificates denominated in sterling) which 
have a maturity of less than one year and in respect of which 
the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Trustee in the 
United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise constitutes a 
contravention of section 19 of the FSMA will have a 
minimum denomination of £100,000 (or, if the Trust 
Certificates are denominated in a currency other than sterling, 
the equivalent amount in such currency, as calculated on the 
Issue Date of the relevant Tranche). 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, the 
minimum denomination of each Trust Certificate which may 
be purchased by a QIB that is also a QP pursuant to Rule 144A

--- Page 22 ---
- 5 - 
 
 
will be U.S.$200,000 or its equivalent in other Specified 
Currencies. 
Issue Price 
 
Trust Certificates may be issued at any price on a fully paid 
basis, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. The price 
and amount of Trust Certificates to be issued under the 
Programme will be determined by the Trustee, the 
Government and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in 
accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Form of Trust Certificates 
The Trust Certificates will be issued in registered form as 
described in "Form of the Trust Certificates".  
Clearing Systems 
 
Certificateholders must hold their interest in the relevant 
Global Trust Certificate in book-entry form through 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC in 
relation to any Series, such other clearing system in which the 
relevant Global Trust Certificate is held. Transfers within and 
between each of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or DTC will be in accordance with the usual rules and 
operating procedures of the relevant clearing system. 
Periodic Distributions 
Certificateholders are entitled to receive Periodic Distribution 
Amounts calculated on the basis specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Redemption of Trust Certificates on 
Scheduled Dissolution Date 
Trust Certificates shall be redeemed on the Scheduled 
Dissolution Date at the relevant Final Dissolution Amount 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Optional Dissolution 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a Series of Trust 
Certificates may be redeemed prior to its Scheduled 
Dissolution Date at the Optional Dissolution (Call) Amount 
or the Clean Up Call Right Dissolution Amount, as 
applicable, in the circumstances set out in "Terms and 
Conditions of the Trust Certificates — Dissolution at the 
Option of the Government (Optional Dissolution Call Right)" 
or "Terms and Conditions of the Trust Certificates — 
Dissolution at the Option of the Government (Clean Up Call 
Right)", as applicable. 
Dissolution Events  
Upon the occurrence of any Dissolution Event, the Trust 
Certificates may be redeemed on the Dissolution Event 
Redemption Date at the Dissolution Event Amount (which 
shall include any accrued but unpaid Periodic Distribution 
Amount) and the Return Accumulation Period may be 
adjusted accordingly, as described in "Terms and Conditions 
of the Trust Certificates — Dissolution Events". 
Early Dissolution for Tax Reasons  
Where the Trustee has or will become obliged to pay any 
additional amounts in respect of the Trust Certificates 
pursuant to Condition 12 (Taxation) or the Government has 
or will become obliged to pay any additional amounts in

--- Page 23 ---
- 6 - 
 
 
respect of amounts payable under the Lease Agreement or the 
Purchase Undertaking as a result of a change in the laws of a 
Relevant Jurisdiction (as defined in the Conditions, but 
excluding Sharjah) and where such obligation cannot be 
avoided by the Trustee or the Government, as applicable, 
taking reasonable measures available to it, the Trustee may, 
following receipt of an exercise notice from the Government 
pursuant to the Sale and Substitution Undertaking, redeem the 
Trust Certificates in whole but not in part at their face amount 
together with any accrued but unpaid Periodic Distribution 
Amounts on the relevant Dissolution Date in accordance with 
Condition 10.2 (Early Dissolution for Tax Reasons). 
Certificateholder Put Right 
If 
so 
specified 
in 
the 
applicable 
Final 
Terms, 
Certificateholders may, in the circumstances set out in 
Condition 10.5 (Dissolution at the Option of the 
Certificateholders (Certificateholder Put Right)) elect to 
redeem their Trust Certificates on any Certificateholder Put 
Right Date(s), provided that such date is a Periodic 
Distribution Date, unless otherwise specified in the applicable 
Final Terms at the applicable Optional Dissolution Amount 
(Put) specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, 
the applicable Final Terms together with all accrued and 
unpaid Periodic Distribution Amounts in accordance with 
Condition 10.2 (Early Dissolution for Tax Reasons). 
Tangibility Event Certificateholder 
Put Right 
If a Tangibility Event occurs, Certificateholders may, in the 
circumstances set out in Condition 10.6 (Dissolution at the 
Option 
of 
the 
Certificateholders 
(Tangibility 
Event 
Certificateholder Put Right)) exercise their option to redeem 
their Trust Certificates on any Tangibility Event Put Right 
Date at the Tangibility Event Dissolution Amount by 
delivering a Tangibility Event Put Notice within the 
Tangibility Event Put Period, subject to and in accordance 
with Condition 10.6 (Dissolution at the Option of the 
Certificateholders (Tangibility Event Certificateholder Put 
Right)). 
Following the occurrence of a Tangibility Event, as 
determined in consultation with the Shari'a Adviser, the Trust 
Certificates should be tradable only in accordance with the 
Shari'a principles of debt trading (such as the principle that 
debt is to be traded against tangible assets and/or eligible 
commodities on a spot settlement basis). 
On the date falling 15 days following the Tangibility Event 
Put Right Date, the Trust Certificates will be delisted from 
any stock exchange (if any) on which the Trust Certificates 
have been admitted to listing. 
Total Loss Event 
 
Save where the relevant Lease Asset(s) is/are replaced in 
accordance with the Servicing Agency Agreement by no later 
than the 60th day after the occurrence of a Total Loss Event, 
the occurrence of a Total Loss Event will result in the 
redemption of the Trust Certificates of that Series and the 
consequent dissolution of the relevant Trust no later than 
close of business in London on the 61st day after the 
occurrence of such Total Loss Event (being the Total Loss

--- Page 24 ---
- 7 - 
 
 
Dissolution Date) in accordance with Condition 10.4 
(Dissolution following a Total Loss Event). 
 
If a Total Loss Event occurs, the Servicing Agent shall be 
responsible for ensuring that all proceeds of Insurances in 
respect thereof (if any) are each paid in the Specified 
Currency directly into the Transaction Account by no later 
than the 60th day after the occurrence of the Total Loss Event. 
 
If a Total Loss Event occurs and the relevant Lease Asset(s) 
is/are not replaced as discussed above, and the amount of the 
proceeds of Insurances (if any) paid into the Transaction 
Account is less than the Full Reinstatement Value (the 
difference between the Full Reinstatement Value and the 
amount paid into the Transaction Account being the "Loss 
Shortfall Amount"), the Servicing Agent shall be 
responsible for paying the Loss Shortfall Amount directly 
into the Transaction Account by no later than close of 
business in London on the 61st day after the Total Loss Event 
has occurred, such that the amount standing to the credit of 
the Transaction Account on the Total Loss Dissolution Date 
represents the aggregate of the proceeds of Insurances 
payable in respect of a Total Loss Event (if any) and the Loss 
Shortfall Amount payable by the Servicing Agent in 
accordance with the terms of the Servicing Agency 
Agreement. 
 
Rental payments under the Lease Agreement and, therefore, 
Periodic Distribution Amounts, shall cease to accrue with 
effect from the date on which a Total Loss Event occurs, and 
no additional rental payment shall be made in respect of the 
period between the date on which the Total Loss Event 
occurred and the Total Loss Dissolution Date 
If a Total Loss Event occurs, the Servicing Agent shall notify 
the Trustee and the Delegate of such occurrence. The Trustee 
shall, upon receipt of such notice from the Servicing Agent, 
promptly notify Certificateholders that: (i) such event has 
occurred; and (ii) from the date of such notice and until 
further notice from the Trustee to the Certificateholders 
(which notice shall be given upon replacement of the Lease 
Assets in accordance with the Servicing Agency Agreement), 
the Trust Certificates should be tradable only in accordance 
with Shari'a principles of debt trading (such as the principle 
that debt is to be traded against tangible assets and/or eligible 
commodities on a spot settlement basis). Following such 
replacement of Lease Assets, the Servicing Agent shall notify 
the Trustee and the Delegate of the same and the Trustee shall 
promptly, following receipt of such notice from the Servicing 
Agent, deliver a notice to the Certificateholders in accordance 
with Condition 17 (Notices) that from the date of that notice 
the Trust Certificates may be traded at any price. 
Partial Loss Event  
If a Partial Loss Event shall occur with respect to any of the 
Lease Assets and provided that: (a) the Lease Assets have not 
been replaced pursuant to the Servicing Agency Agreement 
and a notice of termination of the lease on the 61st day after

--- Page 25 ---
- 8 - 
 
 
the Partial Loss Event Date (a "Partial Loss Termination 
Notice") has been delivered by the Lessee to the Lessor 
within a period of 30 days after the Partial Loss Event Date; 
or (b) such Lease Assets have not been replaced pursuant to 
the Servicing Agency Agreement, without prejudice to any 
right or remedy that the Lessor may have under any 
Transaction Document or by law, the Lease shall 
automatically terminate on the 61st day after the Partial Loss 
Event Date (the "Partial Loss Termination Date") in 
accordance with the Lease Agreement and further rental 
payments shall cease to be due under the Lease Agreement on 
such Partial Loss Termination Date in accordance with the 
Lease Agreement and the Lessor will be entitled to all 
proceeds of the insurances payable as a result of the Partial 
Loss Event. The termination of the Lease on the Partial Loss 
Termination Date as a result of either of the circumstances 
described in (a) or (b) above shall constitute a "Government 
Event".  
If as a result of the occurrence of a Partial Loss Event the ratio 
of the value of the Lease Assets (as determined by reference 
to the relevant internal valuation by the Government of the 
Lease Assets on the date on which the Lease Assets were 
acquired by the Trustee as set out in the relevant 
Supplemental Purchase Agreement and/or Sale Agreement) 
(which for this purpose shall exclude any Impaired Lease 
Assets) to the aggregate of the value of the Lease Assets (as 
determined by reference to the relevant internal valuation by 
the Government of the Lease Assets on the date on which the 
Lease Assets were acquired by the Trustee as set out in the 
relevant Supplemental Purchase Agreement and/or Sale 
Agreement) and the outstanding Deferred Sale Price at such 
time, falls below 33 per cent., the Servicing Agent shall notify 
the Trustee and the Delegate of such occurrence. The Trustee 
shall, upon receipt of such notice from the Servicing Agent, 
promptly notify Certificateholders that: (i) such event has 
occurred; and (ii) from the date of such notice and until 
further notice from the Trustee to the Certificateholders 
(which notice shall be given upon replacement of the Lease 
Assets in accordance with the Servicing Agency Agreement), 
the Trust Certificates should be tradable only in accordance 
with Shari'a principles of debt trading (such as the principle 
that debt is to be traded against tangible assets and/or eligible 
commodities on a spot settlement basis). Following such 
replacement of Lease Assets, the Servicing Agent shall notify 
the Trustee and the Delegate of the same and the Trustee shall 
promptly, following receipt of such notice from the Servicing 
Agent, deliver a notice to the Certificateholders in accordance 
with Condition 17 (Notices) that from the date of that notice 
the Trust Certificates may be traded at any price. 
Cancellation of Trust Certificates 
held by the Trustee, the Government 
and/or any other public sector 
instrumentality 
 
The Trustee, the Government of the Emirate of Sharjah, the 
Sharjah Finance Department and/or any other public sector 
instrumentality of the Government of the Emirate of Sharjah 
(as defined in Condition 18(i) (Trust Certificates controlled 
by the Trustee or the Government)) may at any time purchase 
Trust Certificates at any price in the open market or 
otherwise. Following any purchase of Trust Certificates, the 
Trustee, the Government of the Emirate of Sharjah, the

--- Page 26 ---
- 9 - 
 
 
Sharjah Finance Department and/or any other public sector 
instrumentality of the Government of the Emirate of Sharjah, 
as the case may be, may at its option hold or resell such Trust 
Certificates. 
 
Should the Government wish to cancel any Trust Certificates 
so purchased, it shall deliver a Cancellation Notice to the 
Trustee (in accordance with the Sale and Substitution 
Undertaking) whereupon (i) in accordance with the terms of 
the Sale and Substitution Undertaking, the Trustee shall be 
obliged to transfer all of the Trustee's rights, title and interests 
in, to and under the Cancelled Lease Asset(s) to the 
Government and (ii) in accordance with the terms of the 
Master Murabaha Agreement, the relevant proportion of the 
Deferred Sale Price corresponding to the proportion of the 
Trust Certificates subject of such cancellation shall be 
cancelled, in each case in consideration for which the relevant 
Trust Certificates shall be cancelled. 
 
The transfer of the Cancelled Lease Asset(s) will take effect 
by the Government (as purchaser) and the Trustee (as seller) 
entering into a Sale Agreement (in the form scheduled to the 
Sale and Substitution Undertaking). Following the entry into 
such Sale Agreement, the Trustee shall forthwith surrender to 
the relevant Registrar the relevant Trust Certificates identified 
for cancellation in the Cancellation Notice on the 
Cancellation Date. 
Substitution of Lease Asset(s) 
Pursuant to the Sale and Substitution Undertaking, the 
Government may, at any time, exercise its right to require the 
Trustee to substitute on any Substitution Date some or all of 
the relevant Lease Asset(s) with New Asset(s) (as specified in 
the relevant Substitution Notice, and each as defined in the 
Sale and Substitution Undertaking) having a value which is 
equal to or greater than the value of the relevant Lease 
Asset(s) being substituted. 
Withholding Tax 
 
All payments in respect of Trust Certificates shall be made in 
the Specified Currency without set-off or counterclaim of any 
kind and free and clear of, and without withholding or 
deduction for, any Taxes of whatever nature imposed, levied, 
collected, withheld or assessed by or within the Relevant 
Jurisdiction, unless the withholding or deduction is required 
by law. In that event, the Trustee shall, save in the limited 
circumstances provided in Condition 12 (Taxation), be 
required to pay such additional amounts as will result in the 
receipt by the Certificateholders of such amounts as would 
have been received by them, had no such withholding or 
deduction been required. 
Further, in accordance with the terms of the Master 
Declaration of Trust, the Government has unconditionally 
and irrevocably undertaken to (irrespective of the payment of 
any fee), as a continuing obligation, in the event that the 
Trustee fails to comply with any obligation to pay additional 
amounts pursuant to Condition 12 (Taxation), pay to or to the 
order 
of 
the 
Delegate 
(for 
the 
benefit 
of 
the

--- Page 27 ---
- 10 - 
 
 
Certificateholders) an amount equal to the liability of the 
Trustee in respect of any and all additional amounts required 
to be paid by the Trustee in respect of the Trust Certificates 
pursuant to Condition 12 (Taxation). 
All payments by the Government (in any capacity) under the 
Transaction Documents to which it is a party shall be made in 
the Specified Currency without set-off or counterclaim of any 
kind and free and clear of, and without withholding or 
deduction for, any Taxes of whatever nature imposed, levied, 
collected, withheld or assessed by or within the Relevant 
Jurisdiction unless the withholding or deduction is required 
by law. In that event, the Government shall be required to pay 
such additional amounts as will result in the receipt by the 
Trustee or the Delegate (as applicable) of such amounts as 
would have been received by it, had no such deduction or 
withholding been required. 
Ratings 
Sharjah has been assigned a long- and short-term foreign and 
local currency sovereign credit rating of BBB- and A-3 by 
S&P with a stable outlook and a long-term issuer rating of 
Ba1 by Moody's with a stable outlook. 
 
The ratings assigned to each Series of Trust Certificates (if 
any) to be issued under the Programme will be specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. A rating is not a recommendation 
to buy, sell or hold the Trust Certificates (or beneficial 
interests therein) and may be subject to revision, suspension 
or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating 
organisation. Whether or not each any credit rating applied 
for in relation to the relevant Series of Trust Certificates will 
be issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA or 
the United Kingdom and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation will be disclosed in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
Listing and admission to trading 
Application will be made to: (i) Euronext Dublin for each 
Series of the Trust Certificates issued under the Programme 
to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the 
Regulated Market; (ii) the DFSA for the Trust Certificates to 
be admitted to listing on the DFSA Official List and to the 
Nasdaq Dubai for the Trust Certificates to be admitted to 
trading on Nasdaq Dubai, or (iii) as otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and references to listing shall be 
construed accordingly. As specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, a Series of Trust Certificates may be unlisted. 
Irish Listing Agent  
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited of Ten Earlsfort Terrace, 
Dublin 2, Ireland. 
Governing Law and Dispute 
Resolution 
 
The Trust Certificates and any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of, or in connection with, the Trust Certificates 
shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, 
English law.

--- Page 28 ---
- 11 - 
 
 
 
The Master Declaration of Trust, each Supplemental 
Declaration of Trust, the Dealer Agreement, each 
Subscription Agreement, the Agency Agreement, the Master 
Murabaha Agreement, the Servicing Agency Agreement, the 
Purchase Undertaking and the Sale and Substitution 
Undertaking and any non-contractual obligations arising out 
of, or in connection with, the aforementioned documents shall 
be governed by, and construed in accordance with English 
law. In respect of any dispute under any such Transaction 
Document to which it is a party, the Government has 
consented to arbitration in London under the rules of 
arbitration of the London Court of International Arbitration 
("LCIA") (with the seat in London). The Government has 
also agreed to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the 
courts of England (the "English Courts") in respect of any 
dispute under any such Transaction Document, at the option 
of the Trustee or the Delegate (as the case may be) (subject to 
the right of the Delegate, the Agents or the Trustee, as the case 
may be, to require any dispute to be resolved by any other 
court of competent jurisdiction). 
 
The Master Purchase Agreement, each Supplemental 
Purchase Agreement, the Master Lease Agreement, each 
Supplemental Lease Agreement and each Sale Agreement 
will be governed by the laws of Sharjah and, to the extent 
applicable in Sharjah, the federal laws of the UAE, and will 
be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Sharjah courts. 
Waiver of Immunity 
Each of the Trustee and the Government has agreed in the 
Transaction Documents to which it is a party that to the extent 
that it may in any jurisdiction claim for itself or its assets or 
revenues 
immunity 
from 
jurisdiction, 
enforcement, 
prejudgment proceedings, injunctions and all other legal or 
arbitral proceedings and relief and to the extent that such 
immunity (whether or not claimed) may be attributed to it or 
its assets or revenues, it has agreed not to claim and 
irrevocably and unconditionally waives such immunity to the 
full extent permitted by the laws of that jurisdiction in relation 
to any proceedings or disputes. Further, each of the Trustee 
and the Government has irrevocably and unconditionally 
consented to the giving of any relief or the issue of any legal 
or arbitral proceedings, including, without limitation, 
jurisdiction, enforcement, prejudgment proceedings and 
injunctions in connection with any proceedings or disputes. 
Limited Recourse  
Each Trust Certificate represents solely an undivided 
ownership interest in the Trust Assets of the relevant Series. 
No payment of any amount whatsoever shall be made in 
respect of the Trust Certificates of each Series except to the 
extent that funds for that purpose are available for the Trust 
Assets of that Series, as described in "Terms and Conditions 
of the Trust Certificates — Status and Limited Recourse". 
Selling Restrictions  
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the 
Trust Certificates in the United States, the United Kingdom, 
the EEA, the Kingdom of Bahrain, the Sultanate of Oman, the 
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, the State of Qatar (including the

--- Page 29 ---
- 12 - 
 
 
Qatar Financial Centre), the Cayman Islands, the UAE 
(excluding the ADGM and the DIFC), the ADGM, the DIFC, 
the State of Kuwait, Hong Kong, Singapore, Switzerland and 
Malaysia and such other restrictions as may be required in 
connection with the offering and sale of a particular Tranche 
of Trust Certificates. See "Subscription and Sale and Transfer 
and Selling Restrictions" below. 
U.S. Selling Restrictions 
Regulation S, Category 2. Rule 144A. Section 3(c)(7) of the 
Investment Company Act.

--- Page 30 ---
- 13 - 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
An investment in the Trust Certificates involves risks. Accordingly, prospective investors should carefully 
consider, amongst other things, the risks described below, as well as the detailed information set out 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus, and reach their own views before making an investment decision. The 
risks and uncertainties described below are not the only risks and uncertainties related to the Trustee, the 
Government and the Trust Certificates. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known, or currently 
believed to be immaterial, could also impair the ability to make payments on the Trust Certificates. If any 
of the following risks actually materialise, the financial condition and prospects of the Trustee and/or the 
Government could be materially adversely affected. If that were to happen, the trading price of the Trust 
Certificates could decline, the Trustee may be unable to make payments due on the Trust Certificates, and 
investors may lose all or part of their investment. Prospective investors should also read the detailed 
information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and reach their own views prior to making any 
investment decision. Words and expression defined elsewhere in this Base Prospectus (including in the 
Terms and Conditions) shall have the same meanings in this section. 
Risk factors relating to the Trustee 
Factors that may affect the Trustee's ability to fulfil its obligations under or in connection with the Trust 
Certificates issued under the Programme 
The Trustee has limited operating history and no material assets and will depend on receipt of payments 
from the Government to make payments to Certificateholders 
The Trustee was incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands on 7 June 2017 as an exempted 
company with limited liability and has limited operating history. The Trustee has not and will not engage 
in any business activity other than the issuance of Trust Certificates under the Programme, the acquisition 
of the Trust Assets as described herein, acting in the capacity as Trustee, the issuance of shares in its capital 
and other activities incidental or related to the foregoing as required under the relevant Transaction 
Documents relating to each Series. Because the Trustee is a Cayman Islands company, it may not be 
possible for Certificateholders to effect service of process on it outside the Cayman Islands. 
The Trustee's only material assets, which will be held on trust for Certificateholders, will be the Trust Assets 
relating to each Series of Trust Certificates, including the obligation of the Government to make payments 
to the Trustee under the relevant Transaction Documents to which it is a party relating to each Series. 
Therefore, the Trustee is subject to all the risks to which the Government is subject to the extent that such 
risks could limit the Government's ability to satisfy in full and on a timely basis its obligations under the 
Transaction Documents. 
The ability of the Trustee to pay amounts due on the Trust Certificates will therefore be dependent upon 
receipt by the Trustee from the Government of amounts to be paid pursuant to the Transaction Documents 
(which may not be sufficient to meet all claims under the Trust Certificates and the Transaction 
Documents). As a result, the Trustee is subject to all the risks to which the Government is subject, to the 
extent such risks could limit the Government's ability to satisfy in full and on a timely basis, its obligations 
under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party. See "—Risks relating to Sharjah and the UAE". 
Risk factors relating to Sharjah and the UAE 
The Government's Fiscal Plan may not be successful 
In January 2023, the Government announced a medium-term financial outlook and fiscal plan (the "Fiscal 
Plan"). Through the Fiscal Plan, the Government for the first time set out its multi-year, medium term-
financial plans. The Government plans to balance the primary budget (the budget excluding interest expense 
on indebtedness) by 2027 and until at least 2030. The Fiscal Plan details various policy measures, planned 
budgetary limits and the expected economic and regulatory developments in terms of their impact on 
revenues and expenditures between 2023 and 2030. The Fiscal Plan also contains a fiscal forecast of how 
revenues and expenditures are expected to evolve between 2023 and 2030. This fiscal forecast is subject to 
a degree of uncertainty and contains a number of assumptions and does not address all the fiscal risks that 
the Government may face. For example, increased interest rates present a risk for the Government but do 
not impact the Government's primary budget which excludes interest expense. The assumptions include, 
among others, certain forecast items, some of which are outside of the Government's control, as well as 
certain measures that the Government is planning to take to change policy or practice in order to change

--- Page 31 ---
- 14 - 
 
 
the trajectory of the Government's revenues and expenditures. Some of the measures in the fiscal forecast 
are still under development and remain subject to revision of the applicable policy or the expected financial 
effect. In addition, the Government may choose to bring forward additional policy changes that may affect 
this forecast. The Government introduced the Fiscal Plan in order to address the Government's increased 
public borrowing in order to fund a substantial expansion of its activities and the increasing budget deficit 
in recent years, which has resulted in the accumulation of public debt. Given the Government's relatively 
small revenue base compared to most other governments, the Government's interest/revenue ratio has 
reached high levels compared to international norms reaching approximately 19.6 per cent in 2021, 20.6 
per cent in 2022 and 27.5 per cent. in 2023. Any inability of the Government to effectively implement the 
Fiscal Plan whether due to external or internal factors may have a long-term negative impact on Sharjah's 
economy, which, in turn, could negatively affect the Government's fiscal position and, consequently, its 
ability to fulfil its obligations under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party. The complete Fiscal 
Plan is attached as an appendix to this Base Prospectus. For more information on the Fiscal Plan, see 
"Description of the Emirate of Sharjah – The Government's Economic Strategy – 2023 Fiscal Plan". 
Global financial conditions and geopolitical conditions may have an impact on Sharjah's economic and 
financial condition 
Sharjah's economy may be adversely affected by tightening global economic conditions and external 
shocks, including financial market volatility, trade disruptions, protectionist trade policies or threats thereof 
and global pandemics, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine, 
the tightening of monetary policies in the United States and European Union, increases in inflation and 
interest rates, as well as the potential of a recession for key global markets such as the United States, each 
of which has caused severe global disruptions and may continue to have a significant effect on the global 
economy. Recently, on 7 October 2023, the political and military authority in control of Gaza, Hamas, 
launched an attack on a number of communities in Israel. Israel launched air and land offensives against 
Hamas in Gaza in response. The conflict has, to a degree, widened to encompass actors in Iran and Lebanon, 
as well. The conflict is ongoing and its intensity and duration is difficult to predict, as are its economic 
implications on countries in the Middle East, including the UAE and Sharjah in particular. Also, since 
November 2023, al-Houthi rebels in Yemen, who have in the past attacked interests in the UAE, have 
launched several attacks on commercial shipping vessels in the Red Sea. The United States and its allies, 
including the United Kingdom, have launched a series of missile strikes against al-Houthi rebels in 
response. Other regional organisations have also attacked U.S. military forces in the region, provoking a 
response from the United States. Any continuation or increase in international or regional tensions in the 
region, including further attacks on or seizures of oil tankers in the Arabian Gulf, regional escalation of the 
Israeli-Hamas war or continued attacks on commercial shipping in the Red Sea, could have a destabilising 
impact on the Middle East region, and the UAE in particular, by affecting its ability to export oil and 
maintain its security more generally. 
The U.S. Federal Reserve Board started its most recent monetary tightening cycle in March 2022 to curb 
inflation, which action was also followed by other central banks as well given the wider impacts of inflation. 
On 4 May 2022, the UAE Central Bank announced that it would increase its base rate by 50 basis points to 
2.25 per cent. effective 5 May 2022, with a further increase in the base rate by 75 basis points on 16 June 
2022 following the United States Federal Reserve Board's announcement on 15 June 2022 to increase the 
interest on reserve balances by 75 basis points. In February 2023, the UAE Central Bank increased its base 
rate by a further 25 basis points. Rates further increased in May 2023 when the UAE Central Bank 
announced that it would raise the base rate by 25 basis points to 5.15 per cent. from 4.90 per cent. The 
decision followed the United States Federal Reserve Board's announcement to increase interest rates by a 
quarter of a percentage point. In July 2023, the United States Federal Reserve Board announced another 
interest rate increase, increasing to base rate to 5.25 per cent. As a result, the UAE Central Bank also 
increased its base rate to 5.4 per cent. in July 2023. These decisions have led to a markedly higher interest 
rate environment for both short-term market benchmark borrowing rates, such as SOFR and EIBOR, and 
longer-term benchmarks such as U.S. treasury bonds and SOFR and EIBOR swap rates. 
Sharjah has an open economy, with high levels of imports and exports relative to GDP, monetary policy 
set by the UAE Federal Government (the "Federal Government") and a currency pegged to the U.S Dollar 
by the UAE Central Bank. This means that shifts in global economic conditions such as those listed above 
are likely to affect economic performance in Sharjah, through changes in the balance of payments, the 
efficiency of supply and delivery chains and the openness of international markets for trade. In addition, 
higher benchmark borrowing rates increase the cost of Sharjah's floating-rate indebtedness and Sharjah's 
new fixed-rate indebtedness; other things being equal, this will lead to higher annual fiscal deficits.

--- Page 32 ---
- 15 - 
 
 
The Government of Sharjah has made efforts in recent years to stimulate its private sector-driven economy 
by increasing volumes of foreign investment and tourism and has focused on creating a favourable business 
environment, with a legal and regulatory environment conducive to business success and aimed at attracting 
foreign and domestic investment. In 2009, Shurooq (the Sharjah Investment and Development Authority) 
was established by Emiri Decree to support the economic development of Sharjah and, amongst other 
things, attract foreign direct investment opportunities into the Emirate. While the Government believes 
there are many incentives for foreign corporate entities to establish themselves in one of the free zones in 
Sharjah, such as 100 per cent. foreign ownership, a tax free environment, free transfer of funds, competitive 
pricing, a one stop shop for business services and long-lease periods, there is no assurance that these will 
be sufficient to attract foreign direct investment or that other countries may not offer more attractive 
incentives. Sharjah's economy also depends, to a large extent, on expatriate labour. This makes Sharjah 
potentially more vulnerable should there be a deterioration in local political stability for any reason, if it 
were to lead the Government to tighten controls on the flow of labour or capital. These changes could in 
turn make Sharjah a less attractive destination for businesses and individuals. There can be no assurance 
that the economic performance of Sharjah or the UAE can or will be sustained in the future. To the extent 
that economic growth or performance in the UAE slows or begins to decline, this could have an adverse 
effect on Sharjah (see "The Economy of Sharjah") and, therefore, the Government's fiscal position, which 
in turn could negatively affect the Government's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Transaction 
Documents to which it is a party. 
Sharjah has strong trading relationships with the other emirates within the UAE and with other countries, 
being part of the global supply chain and a consumer of goods from around the world. Any sustained market 
and economic downturn or geopolitical uncertainties in any of Sharjah's key trading partners may materially 
impact Sharjah's trade with those countries and could have a negative impact on Sharjah's foreign trade and 
balance of payments. A global shift in policies, including towards protectionism, with lower global growth 
due to reduced trade, migration and cross-border investment flows, could affect investor sentiment and slow 
tourism, trade and investment in Sharjah. Any escalation in geopolitical tensions, including as a result of 
the Israel/Gaza or Russia/Ukraine conflicts, upward trends in global inflation and interest rates and/or 
increased use of protectionist measures may negatively impact Sharjah's relationships with its trading 
partners and the attractiveness of the UAE (and, consequently, Sharjah) for foreign investment and capital, 
its ability to engage in international trade and, consequently, its economy and its financial condition. A 
material adverse effect on Sharjah's economy or its financial condition as a result of the above factors could 
negatively affect the Government's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Transaction Documents to 
which it is a party. 
The Government has a relatively narrow revenue base 
The Government has a diverse but relatively narrow revenue base. For the year ended 31 December 2023, 
Sharjah's total revenue was AED 14.4 billion, an increase of 30.9 per cent. compared with total revenues 
of AED 11.0 billion in 2022, which in turn reflected an increase of 23.6 per cent. compared with total 
revenues of AED 8.9 billion in 2021, set against a GDP of AED 145.2 billion in 2023 (preliminary data), 
AED 136.4 billion in 2022 and AED 130.1 billion in 2021. Sharjah's relatively modest revenue reflects in 
part the fact its expenditure requirements are similarly relatively modest, owing to the significant public 
policy functions carried out by the Federal Government, but also constitutional and economic constraints 
on the Government's ability to increase revenues. 
With the exception of a levy on the profits of foreign banks and hydrocarbon extraction, there is no 
traditional direct tax in the Emirate of Sharjah, although the Federal Government imposes a value added 
tax at the rate of 5 per cent. and an excise duty on certain goods, and introduced corporate income tax, with 
implementation beginning from June 2023. Value added tax generated AED 1.4 billion in 2020, 1.8 billion 
in 2021 and AED 1.9 billion in 2022, AED 2.2 billion in 2023 and is budgeted to generate AED 2.3 billion 
in 2024. In addition, on 31 January 2022, the UAE Ministry of Finance announced the introduction of a 
corporate income tax. The corporate income tax applies for corporate fiscal years starting on or after 1 June 
2023. The corporate income tax applies on the adjusted accounting net profits of a business. It applies at a 
standard statutory tax rate of 9 per cent. to taxable profits in excess of AED 375,000. A different rate (which 
has not been announced yet) is envisaged for large multinationals that generate consolidated global 
revenues above approximately AED 3.15 billion, in line with Pillar Two of the OECD Base Erosion and 
Profit Shifting project. Further details regarding the corporate income tax are expected to be published by 
the UAE Ministry of Finance in due course. Corporate tax incentives currently offered to free zone 
businesses will remain in place.

--- Page 33 ---
- 16 - 
 
 
Whilst this overall beneficial tax environment provides an incentive for businesses and wage earners to 
relocate to Sharjah, it potentially limits the Government's ability to fund its operations (including debt 
servicing) or increase public spending if necessary, which may adversely affect Sharjah's growth and 
revenue generation strategy and impact the Government's ability to satisfy its obligations under the 
Transaction Documents to which it is a party and may also adversely affect the ability of Sharjah to take 
further economic stimulus measures and counter the effects of any economic downturn. 
The Government's direct debt has increased substantially in recent years, and the Government may in 
the future elect to provide financial support to Government-owned or important local companies, which 
could increase Sharjah's budget deficit and its funding needs 
In recent years the Government has experienced a marked increase in gross debt, both in nominal terms and 
as a percentage of its GDP, increasing from AED 33,319 million in 2019 (26.6 per cent. of its 2019 GDP) 
to AED 42,330 million in 2020 (34.0 per cent. of its 2020 GDP) to AED 55,451 million in 2021 (42.6 per 
cent. of its 2021 GDP) to AED 62,553 (45.7 per cent. of its 2022 GDP) million in 2022 and reaching AED 
75,087 million in 2023 (51.7 per cent. of its 2023 GDP). The increase in debt has been driven by persistently 
large budget deficits, relative to revenues and GDP. This is primarily due to Government spending related 
to capital investment, public service provisions and social security. The deficit reached AED 10.7 billion 
in 2021 (8.2 per cent. of 2021 GDP), AED 9.1 billion in 2022 (6.6 per cent. of 2022 GDP) and AED 8.4 
billion in 2023 (preliminary estimate). The budgeted deficit for 2024 is AED 8.4 billion. 
In addition, the Government has in the past provided significant financial support to important local 
companies. For example, in 2019 there was a transfer of Government-guaranteed debt from a real estate 
developer to the Government's balance sheet which contributed to an increase in the Government's debt 
burden. Also, in December 2018, the Government offered to support the capital requirements of Invest 
Bank P.S.C. ("Invest Bank") with an injection of AED 1,115 million in exchange for a 50.07 per cent. 
stake in the bank. The proposal included a commitment to underwrite a subsequent rights issue by Invest 
Bank with up to AED 785 million, should the bank require further capital. The proposal was subsequently 
accepted by all parties and the initial injection was made in April 2019, giving the Government of Sharjah 
a 50.07 stake in Invest Bank. The second phase of capital support was completed in December 2023 and 
consisted of the Government participating pro rata in, and underwriting the remaining portion of, an 
issuance of new shares, and the Government issuing a guarantee of up to AED 3.0 billion against final 
write-offs of legacy assets over a five-year period, with the annual claims capped at AED 800 million. 
Following the new share issuance, the Government became the 88.11 per cent. majority shareholder in 
Invest Bank. Invest Bank used the proceeds of the share issuance to pay a one-off upfront fee of AED 2.6 
billion to the Government in respect of the guarantee. While the 2024 budget and the projections for years 
2025 to 2027 in the Fiscal Plan reflect a balanced forecast of the annual cost of the Invest Bank guarantee 
to the Government, there is a risk that the actual calls on the guarantee could be higher. In addition, the 
Government may face pressure to provide further financial support to Invest Bank in the future if the second 
phase of capital support does not fully meet Invest Bank's capital requirements. The Government has 
budgeted AED 240 million in expenditures for 2024 in relation to this capital support. 
In June 2023, the Government injected AED 800 million capital into Bank of Sharjah ("BoS"), in which it 
was already the largest shareholder (through Sharjah Asset Management), holding 17.16 per cent. of 
outstanding shares, through subscribing to the issuance of new shares as a single strategic investor, thereby 
increasing its shareholding to 39.25 per cent. The new share issuance is designed to enhance the bank's 
financial position and foster future growth, by expanding total capital to AED 3 billion. 
Although the Government has no legal obligation to do so, it may, in the future, choose to provide additional 
financial support to other government-owned or important local companies if they were faced with 
difficulties that threatened the reputation or economic health of Sharjah. Any such support could be 
significant in the context of Sharjah's budget deficit, which has increased since 2018, increase its funding 
needs and costs of borrowing and entail substantial fiscal outflows, which in turn could negatively affect 
the Government's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party. 
Although the UAE and Sharjah enjoy domestic political stability and generally good international 
relations, there is no guarantee that the UAE or Sharjah will continue to do so in the future and there is 
a risk that regional geopolitical instability could impact the UAE and, consequently, Sharjah 
While the UAE (and consequently Sharjah) is seen as a relatively stable political environment, certain other 
jurisdictions in the Middle East are not, and there is a risk that regional geopolitical instability could impact 
the UAE. Instability in the Middle East may result from a number of factors, including government or

--- Page 34 ---
- 17 - 
 
 
military regime change, civil unrest or terrorism. Currently, several countries in the Middle East and North 
Africa ("MENA") region, including Israel, Lebanon, Gaza, Yemen, Syria, Libya and Iraq are subject to 
armed conflicts and/or social and political unrest, including conflicts or disturbances. 
This unrest has ranged from public demonstrations to, in extreme cases, armed conflict and civil war and 
has given rise to a number of regime changes and increased political uncertainty across the region. For 
example, in June 2017 the UAE, along with Saudi Arabia, Bahrain and Egypt, ended diplomatic ties with 
Qatar (see "Description of the Emirate of Sharjah — Relationship between the UAE Constitution and 
Sharjah — International Relations"). Yemen, Jordan, Libya, Comoros, Senegal and Mauritania also joined 
the Saudi-led action shortly thereafter and several other countries including Chad, Djibouti, Maldives and 
Niger announced that they had downgraded their diplomatic ties with Qatar. The severing of diplomatic 
ties included the withdrawal of ambassadors, as well as the imposition of travel and trade restrictions, and 
there can be no assurance that diplomatic ties will be reinstated or that the current situation will not escalate. 
In January 2021, diplomatic relations were restored with Qatar through the signing of the Al Ula 
Declaration. The Al Ula Declaration was signed by Saudi Arabia, the UAE, Bahrain and the rest of the 
GCC member states, along with Egypt. It remains unclear how the Al Ula Declaration will be implemented 
and, although the UAE has announced the re-opening of its land, air and sea borders to Qatar, it is still 
unclear if and when border controls will reach pre-June 2017 levels. In addition, in March 2023, the UAE 
unblocked several Qatari-owned news sites. Qatar has issued a number of claims against the UAE, Saudi 
Arabia, Egypt and Bahrain since the blockade. For example, in July 2020, Qatar Airways commenced 
proceedings against this bloc of countries seeking damages of at least U.S.$5.0 billion. Other claims have 
been in relation to, amongst others, suspension of, postal services and pharmaceutical investments, as a 
result of the blockade against Qatar. 
Additionally, other countries' sanctions may affect Sharjah's ability or willingness to trade. For example, 
the United States and the European Union's sanctions have affected Sharjah's trading relationship with Iran. 
In addition, in August 2021, armed personnel backed by Iran were suspected of seizing an oil tanker off the 
coast of the UAE. Iran has denied involvement Furthermore, on 17 January 2022, Iran-supported Houthi 
militants launched missile attacks on ADNOC facilities in Abu Dhabi. Three attacks occurred in subsequent 
weeks, the most recent of which, on 3 February 2022, was claimed by an Iraqi militia group. The attacks 
were followed by air strikes by UAE armed forces across targets in Yemen. Although the UAE continues 
to exercise de-escalation diplomacy and self-restraint, any continuation of, or increase in, international or 
regional tensions with Iran, including further attacks on or seizures of oil tankers that disrupt international 
trade and impair trade flows through the Strait of Hormuz, or any military action, may have a destabilising 
impact on the MENA region. In addition, a sixth round of talks regarding the revival of the 2015 Joint 
Comprehensive Plan of Action regarding Iran (and the United States' potential re-joining of the 2015 Joint 
Comprehensive Plan of Action), brokered by the EU, concluded on 20 June 2021 with no agreements 
reached and, as a result, there is uncertainty regarding the potential future lifting of sanctions on Iran. There 
can be no assurance that tensions will not continue to escalate in the region, or that further attacks will not 
happen. Furthermore, there can be no assurance what impact recent and future incidents will have on global 
oil prices. 
These situations have caused varying levels of disruption to the economies of affected countries and may 
have had a destabilising effect on international oil and gas prices. Though the effects of the uncertainty 
have been varied, it is not possible to predict the occurrence of events or circumstances such as war or 
hostilities, the cessation of diplomatic ties, or the impact of such occurrences, and no assurance can be given 
that the UAE would be able to sustain its current economic growth levels if adverse political events or 
circumstances were to occur. Continued instability affecting the countries in the MENA region could 
adversely impact the UAE and, consequently, Sharjah, although to date there has been no significant impact 
on the UAE or Sharjah. 
Sharjah, similar to the other emirates, is also dependent on expatriate labour (ranging from unskilled 
labourers to highly skilled professionals in a range of industry sectors) and has made significant efforts in 
recent years to attract high volumes of foreign businesses and tourists to the emirate. These steps make it 
potentially more vulnerable should regional instability increase or foreign militants commence operations 
in the emirate. There can also be no assurance of the continued availability of expatriate labour with 
appropriate skills. 
Any of the foregoing circumstances could have a material adverse effect on the political and economic 
stability of the Middle East and, in particular, could impact the numbers of tourists that choose to visit the 
UAE and Sharjah and the number of businesses interested in doing business in the UAE and Sharjah. 
Sharjah is, and will continue to be, affected by economic and political developments in or affecting the

--- Page 35 ---
- 18 - 
 
 
UAE and the wider MENA region and investors' reactions to developments in any country in the MENA 
region may affect securities of issuers in other markets, including the UAE. Although the UAE has not 
experienced significant terrorist attacks such as those experienced by a number of countries in the MENA 
region, there can be no assurance that extremists or terrorist groups will not initiate violent activity in the 
UAE. Any terrorist incidents, including cyber-terrorism, in or affecting the UAE and increased regional 
geopolitical instability (whether or not directly involving the UAE) may have a material adverse effect on 
the UAE's (and, consequently, Sharjah's) attractiveness for foreign investment and capital, its ability to 
engage in international trade and, consequently, its economy and financial condition. A material adverse 
effect on Sharjah's economy or the Government's financial condition as a result of the above factors could 
negatively affect the Government's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Transaction Documents to 
which it is a party. 
The UAE's economy is significantly affected by volatility in international oil prices and its economy has 
in the past been, and is likely in the future to continue to be, adversely affected by lengthy periods of low 
oil prices 
Sharjah is not a large oil producer (with the mining and quarrying sector, which includes crude oil and 
natural gas, accounting for 2.5 per cent. of Sharjah's nominal GDP in 2023 (preliminary data)) and it enjoys 
a relatively diverse economy. However, Sharjah's economy is highly integrated with the other emirates in 
the UAE through trade, currency, a common banking system and fully open markets. Therefore, any effect 
of oil price volatility may have a consequent effect on Sharjah. The UAE's economy, in particular Abu 
Dhabi and to a lesser extent Dubai, is significantly impacted by international oil prices. The mining and 
quarrying sector, which includes crude oil and natural gas, accounted for approximately 24.4 per cent. of 
the UAE's nominal GDP in 2023, 30.3 per cent. in 2022, 24.7 per cent. in 2021, 17.1 per cent. in 2020, and 
22.5 per cent. in 2019. 
According to data from the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries ("OPEC"), as at 31 
December 2022, the UAE had crude oil reserves estimated to be 113,000 million barrels, equal to 7.2 per 
cent. of OPEC's estimate for the world's total proven crude oil reserves (giving it the fifth largest oil reserves 
in the world). As at the same date, OPEC estimated the UAE's natural gas reserves to be 8,210 billion 
standard cubic metres (or 290 trillion standard cubic feet (SCF)), equal to 3.9 per cent. of OPEC's estimate 
for the world's total natural gas reserves (giving it the sixth largest natural gas reserves in the world). 
Global oil prices fell gradually in the first two months of 2020 before dropping sharply in March and April 
2020, with the price of Brent oil falling below U.S.$16 per barrel in April 2020. This was primarily due to 
the impact of the COVID-19 outbreak on the global economy and the increase in supply. Oil prices 
substantially recovered in 2021 with the monthly OPEC Reference Basket price being U.S.$85.24 per barrel 
by January 2022. In the first half of 2022, global oil prices rose primarily due to the conflict between Russia 
and Ukraine, although they declined somewhat in later 2022 and early 2023. The monthly OPEC Reference 
Basket price for December 2023 was U.S.$79.00. 
At the start of the COVID-19 pandemic, OPEC and certain non-OPEC countries took a number of actions 
to reduce oil production. A series of meetings took place on 9 and 12 April 2020 between OPEC and non-
OPEC oil producing countries, which culminated in an agreement to reduce their overall oil production in 
stages between 1 May 2020 and 30 April 2022. During the initial two-month period beginning 1 May 2020, 
it was agreed that production would be reduced by a total of 9.70 million barrels a day, followed by a six-
month period starting 1 July 2020 where production would be reduced by a total of 7.68 million barrels a 
day, followed by a final 16-month period between 1 January 2021 and 30 April 2022 where production 
would be reduced by a total of 5.76 million barrels a day. In December 2020, OPEC+, which comprises 
OPEC and its allies, agreed on a compromise to increase oil output slightly from January 2021. As demand 
improved, OPEC+ agreed to partially ease cuts from May 2021 onward. In July 2021, an agreement was 
reached among OPEC+ members to increase Abu Dhabi's production from 3.176 million barrels a day to 
3.65 million barrels a day starting in April 2022. In addition, it was agreed that the OPEC+ group would 
increase supply by a further 2 million barrels a day from August 2021 until December 2021 and that it 
would aim to fully phase out cuts by around September 2022. In April 2022, OPEC pumped 28.58 million 
barrels a day which is an increase of 40,000 barrels per day from March 2022 but short of the 254,000 
barrels per day increase called for under the supply deal. In May 2022, the OPEC+ group agreed to leave 
its production plan unchanged despite increased volatility as a result of the Russia and Ukraine conflict. On 
2 June 2022, OPEC+ members agreed to add 648,000 barrels a day of crude oil to the market in July 2022 
and August 2022. On 5 September 2022, the OPEC and non-OPEC Ministerial Meeting decided to revert 
to the production level of August 2022 for OPEC and non-OPEC participating countries for the month of 
October 2022, noting that the upward adjustment of 0.1 million barrels a day to the production level was

--- Page 36 ---
- 19 - 
 
 
only intended for the month of September 2022. However, on 5 October 2022, OPEC+ announced a cut of 
two million (2,000,000) barrels per day to its production target, starting from November 2022 for OPEC 
and non-OPEC participating countries. On 4 December 2022, OPEC+ announced that it would maintain 
production at current levels given market uncertainty over Chinese demand and Russian supply of oil. On 
2 April 2023, OPEC+ announced that it would cut more than one million barrels a day, with the Kingdom 
of Saudi Arabia and the UAE reducing production by 500,000 barrels per day and 144,000 barrels per day, 
respectively. It was announced that such voluntary cuts from OPEC+ members would begin in May and 
last until the end of 2023. On 4 June 2023, Saudi Arabia announced that it would be reducing production 
by 1 million, barrels per day for July 2023 and OPEC+ announced that it would otherwise maintain 
production at current levels until the end of 2024. In March 2024, several OPEC+ countries extended 
additional voluntary cuts of 2.2 million barrels per day. In June 2024, several OPEC members announced 
they would begin phasing out their voluntary production cuts starting in September 2024. On 11 June 2024, 
the OPEC Reference Basket stood at U.S.$82.36. 
In addition, in 2022, a bill in the U.S. Congress was proposed called the No Oil Producing and Exporting 
Cartels bill, which is intended to protect consumers and businesses from engineered spikes in the cost of 
gasoline and heating oil. Numerous iterations of this bill have been proposed in Congress since 1999, but 
all attempts to pass such bill have so far been unsuccessful, including the attempt in 2022. In March 2023, 
the bill was revived in Congress, but it is still unclear if the bill will be passed into law. It is also unclear 
the exact effect that this bill could have on oil prices but there are concerns that such a bill, if passed, could 
disrupt the established system of oil production, which could result in oil prices increasing by as much as 
300 per cent. Such an increase could have significant and unpredictable consequences on the global 
economy and on Sharjah in particular given it is not a large oil producer. 
Prospective investors should be aware that the above analysis does not take into account the indirect impact 
of low oil prices on the UAE's, and Sharjah's, economy, which is difficult to quantify with any precision. 
Prospective investors should note that many of the UAE's other economic sectors are in part dependent on 
the hydrocarbon sector. For example, the financial institutions sector (and banks in particular) may 
experience lower liquidity (if significant government and government-owned company deposits are 
withdrawn to fund deficits) or higher loan losses or impairments. The Federal Government may also decide, 
as it has done in the past, to further reduce Government expenditures in light of the budgetary pressures 
caused by low or falling oil prices. As fiscal spending on infrastructure and investment projects is a driver 
of credit to public sector entities and private contractors and bank credit for personal lending is partly driven 
by public sector wages, if this spending is cut and public sector wages come under pressure, this could, 
potentially, increase levels of non-performing loans ("NPLs") held by Sharjah banks and/or lead to tighter 
lending conditions throughout Sharjah's economy. In addition, large Government fiscal deficits, which may 
in time result in restrictions on Government spending, could also impact many other sectors of the economy, 
including in particular the construction sector to the extent that large projects are delayed or cancelled. 
Furthermore, sectors that are dependent on household consumption, including education, healthcare and 
housing, may be adversely affected by lower levels of economic activity that may result from lower 
Government revenue from hydrocarbon production. 
Crude oil prices have historically been volatile and are affected by a range of factors beyond Sharjah's 
control, including: 
• 
global economic and political conditions as well as economic and political developments in oil 
producing regions, particularly in the Middle East; 
• 
regional tensions and conflicts such as the Israel-Gaza and Russia-Ukraine conflicts; 
• 
oil price caps on Russian oil imposed by, inter alia, the European Union, Australia, Canada, France, 
Germany, Italy, Japan, the United Kingdom and the United States, as a result of the Russia-Ukraine 
conflict; 
• 
global and regional supply and demand, and expectations regarding future supply and demand, for 
hydrocarbon products, including the prices and availability of alternative fuels or new technologies 
using different fuels (and those motivated by climate change concerns); 
• 
the ability of members of OPEC and other crude oil producing nations to agree upon and maintain 
specified global production levels and prices; 
• 
the impact of international environmental regulations designed to reduce carbon emissions;

--- Page 37 ---
- 20 - 
 
 
• 
other actions taken by major crude hydrocarbon producing or consuming countries; 
• 
global weather and environmental conditions; and 
• 
global pandemics, such as the COVID-19 pandemic. 
There can be no assurance that these factors, whether individually or in combination with others, will not 
result in a prolonged or further decline in oil prices. Such oil price volatility has the potential to adversely 
affect Sharjah's economy and public finances in the future, both directly, through hydrocarbon revenues, 
and indirectly, through the reduced spending power of governments, companies and individuals in the 
region, which could, in turn, affect the trade, construction, real estate, tourism and banking sectors, in 
particular. As a result, there can be no assurance that the UAE's economy, or Sharjah's economy, will not 
be materially adversely affected in the future by lengthy periods of low oil prices. A material adverse effect 
on Sharjah's economy or its financial condition, as a result of lengthy periods of low oil prices could 
negatively affect the Government's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Transaction Documents to 
which it is a party. 
Sharjah's economy may be adversely affected by limitations in its control over monetary policy 
Sharjah shares legal, political, military and economic functions with the other emirates of the UAE as a 
result of the federal framework. Its economy is highly integrated with the other emirates in the UAE through 
trade, currency, a common banking system and fully open markets. For example, the Government is not 
responsible for monetary policy or maintaining the peg to the U.S. Dollar, which are both the responsibility 
of the Federal Government. However, the Trust Certificates issued are not guaranteed by the Federal 
Government of the UAE. Limited monetary policy control prevents the Government from responding to 
macroeconomic conditions, which may affect Government spending and liquidity within Sharjah; changing 
macroeconomic conditions are likely to affect Sharjah's economy indirectly through their impact on the 
trade, construction, real estate and banking sectors, given, in particular, the openness of Sharjah's economy, 
which does not have any capital or exchange controls. In addition, the Federal Government may take action 
in respect of monetary policy that benefits the UAE economy, as a whole, but does not have the same 
favourable impact on Sharjah. The inability of the Government to respond or react to such conditions 
through monetary policy may have a long-term negative impact on its economy as a whole, which, in turn, 
could negatively affect the Government's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Transaction Documents 
to which it is a party.  
Sharjah's budget is prepared on a near-cash basis, which means that Sharjah's stated deficit may not be 
fully reflective of all of the expenditure and revenue which would be recognised by the Government in a 
particular period if international financial reporting standards were applied 
Similar to many governments, the Government prepares its budget on a near-cash basis. This means that 
flows are largely recorded when cash is received or disbursed, with some minor timing differences (e.g. 
cheque payments). Although non-monetary flows can be recorded, most accounting systems (including that 
used in Sharjah) using a near-cash basis do not record non-monetary flows because the focus is on liquidity 
management rather than resource flows. In addition, with respect to accounting for revenues and 
expenditure, the time of recording may diverge significantly from the time of the economic activities and 
transactions to which they relate. For example, the time cost of a zero-coupon bond, a proxy for interest, 
would not be recorded until the bond matured, which could be many years after the expense was incurred; 
and the cost of building or buying an asset would be recorded upfront, rather than through the depreciation 
of that asset over time. Accordingly, the Government's stated budget may deviate significantly from an 
accrual-based system of financial reporting, such as International Financial Reporting Standards, and may 
comparatively under- or over-state the incurrence of future liabilities, which, in turn, could, in some 
scenarios, negatively affect the Government's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Transaction 
Documents to which it is a party.  
Statistical information provided in respect of a certain year may be changed retrospectively in subsequent 
years when more recent statistical information is published 
The statistical information in this Base Prospectus in relation to GDP, balance of payments, revenues and 
expenditure and indebtedness of the Government have been derived from a number of different identified 
sources, such as the Federal Government's official statistical authority, the FCSA; Sharjah's official 
statistical authority, Department of Statistics and Community Development ("DSCD"); and the published 
reports of the UAE Central Bank. Furthermore, certain information (for example information relating to

--- Page 38 ---
- 21 - 
 
 
the balance of payments and information under the heading "Monetary and Financial System") is only 
available for the UAE as a whole from institutions of the Federal Government, and prospective investors 
should note that Sharjah's position may differ in material respects from the position at an overall UAE level. 
All statistical information provided in this Base Prospectus may differ from that produced by other sources 
for a variety of reasons, including due to periodic revisions, the use of different definitions and cut-off times 
and differing underlying assumptions and methodologies (see "Presentation of Statistical Information"). In 
addition, standards of accuracy of statistical data may vary from authority to authority or from period to 
period due to the application of these different methodologies. Therefore, there can be no assurance that 
the statistical data appearing in this Base Prospectus is as accurate or as reliable as those published by other 
countries. 
Investors should be aware that certain data relating to Sharjah (for example, detailed foreign trade statistical 
data) is not available. Furthermore, some of the data included in this Base Prospectus is preliminary. 
Additionally, in 2021, DSCD became the official statistical authority responsible for producing GDP data 
for Sharjah (which is subject to review and approval by FCSA prior to release) and has produced the data 
series from 2017 to 2023. The new data series differs from GDP data previously reported in respect of 
Sharjah by the FCSA. While public finance data is consistent with the data from the Government's financial 
management system, this data is not subject to an external auditor's opinion. 
Data on non-trade flows into and out of Sharjah is not available and the data on non-trade flows into and 
out of the UAE as set out in this Base Prospectus under "Balance of Payments and Foreign Trade" is not 
complete and is subject to revision, reflecting, in part, weaknesses of the central statistical bodies, and in 
part, the operation of many free zones within the UAE. No data is released by the UAE or Sharjah on 
external debt, and, accordingly, only IMF estimates of the UAE's external debt are available and set out in 
this Base Prospectus. 
Accordingly, financial and economic information may differ from previously published figures, or figures 
published in the future, and may be subsequently adjusted or revised. No assurance can be given that 
material changes will not be made which, in turn, could negatively affect the market value of an investment 
in the relevant Trust Certificates. 
The Government may be adversely affected by monetary policy inflexibility, or if the UAE 
Dirham/U.S. Dollar peg were to be removed or adjusted 
The functional and reporting currency of the Government is the UAE Dirham. The UAE Dirham has been 
pegged at a fixed exchange rate to the U.S. Dollar since 22 November 1980. The current midpoint between 
the official buying and selling rates for the UAE Dirham is at a fixed rate of AED 3.6725 = U.S.$1.00. The 
Federal Government and the UAE Central Bank have publicly stated that there is no current intention to 
reassess the Dollar peg. However, there can be no assurance that UAE policy, in respect of the UAE 
Dirham/U.S. Dollar peg, will remain unchanged in the future. If the UAE Central Bank cannot maintain a 
stable exchange rate or the peg to the U.S. Dollar, this may reduce confidence in the UAE's economy, 
reduce foreign direct investment and adversely affect the UAE's finances and economy, as well as those of 
the individual emirates within the UAE, including Sharjah. 
In addition, the UAE Central Bank, as a result of the peg, and the Government, as a result of the UAE 
Central Bank's control over monetary policy, do not have any flexibility to devalue the Dirham to stimulate 
Sharjah's exports market, and the UAE Central Bank's ability to independently manage interest rates is 
constrained. For example, if the U.S. Federal Reserve were to further increase interest rates, and the UAE 
Central Bank were to delay significantly in increasing its own rates, this could result in significant pressure 
on the currency peg. Furthermore, because the UAE's currency is pegged at a fixed rate to the U.S. Dollar, 
any significant appreciation in value of the U.S. Dollar, whether driven by increasing U.S. interest rates or 
other factors, could result in the UAE's non-hydrocarbon exports becoming less competitive. 
The Government is also exposed to the potential impact of any abolition of this foreign exchange peg. Any 
such depegging, particularly if the UAE Dirham weakened against the U.S. Dollar, could have an adverse 
effect on Sharjah's general financial condition and prospect and could specifically increase the cost of 
servicing existing and new debt denominated in U.S. Dollars, which, in turn, could negatively affect the 
Government's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party.

--- Page 39 ---
- 22 - 
 
 
Investing in securities involving emerging markets such as Sharjah generally involves a high degree of 
risk 
Investing in securities involving emerging markets, such as Sharjah, generally involves a higher degree of 
risk than investments in securities of issuers from more developed jurisdictions. In the case of Sharjah, 
these higher risks include those discussed elsewhere in this section. Generally, investments in emerging 
markets are only suitable for sophisticated investors who fully appreciate and are familiar with the 
significance of the risks involved in investing in emerging markets. International investors' reactions to 
events occurring in one emerging market country or region sometimes appear to demonstrate a "contagion" 
effect in which an entire region or class of investment is disfavoured by such investors. If such a "contagion" 
effect were to occur, the trading price of Trust Certificates issued under the programme could be adversely 
affected by negative economic or financial developments in other emerging market countries over which 
the Government has no control. In addition, the economies of emerging markets are more susceptible to 
influence by macroeconomic and central bank policy decisions of developed countries than other sovereign 
issuers. In particular, emerging market economies have in the past demonstrated sensitivity to periods of 
economic growth and interest rate movements of developed economies. No assurance can be given that this 
will not be the case in the future. As a consequence, an investment in Trust Certificates issued under the 
Programme carries risks that are not typically associated with investing in Trust Certificates issued by 
governments in more mature markets. Investors should also note that emerging markets such as Sharjah are 
subject to rapid change and that the information set forth in this Base Prospectus may become outdated 
relatively quickly. Accordingly, prospective investors should exercise particular care in evaluating the risks 
involved and must decide for themselves whether in light of those risks their investment is appropriate. 
Risk factors relating to the Trust Certificates 
Limitations relating to the indemnity provisions under the Purchase Undertaking and the Master 
Declaration of Trust 
The Government has undertaken in the Purchase Undertaking and the Master Declaration of Trust that (i) 
if, at the time of delivery of the exercise notice in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase 
Undertaking, the Government of the Emirate of Sharjah acting through the Sharjah Finance Department 
remains in actual or constructive possession, custody or control of all or any part of the Lease Assets, the 
Certificateholder Put Right Lease Assets or the Tangibility Event Certificateholder Put Right Lease Assets 
(each as defined in the Purchase Undertaking), as the case may be; and (ii) if, following delivery of the 
exercise notice in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase Undertaking, the relevant Exercise Price, 
Certificateholder Put Right Exercise Price or Tangibility Event Certificateholder Put Right Exercise Price, 
as the case may be, is not paid in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase Undertaking for any reason 
whatsoever, the Government shall (as an independent, severable and separately enforceable obligation) 
fully indemnify the Trustee for the purpose of redemption in full of the Trust Certificates then outstanding 
or the Certificateholder Put Right Trust Certificates or the Tangibility Event Certificateholder Put Right 
Trust Certificates (each as defined in the Purchase Undertaking), as the case may be, and, accordingly, the 
amount payable under any such indemnity claim will equal the Exercise Price, the Certificateholder Put 
Right Exercise Price or the Tangibility Event Certificateholder Put Right Exercise Price, as the case may 
be. 
Subject to the satisfaction of the conditions in (i) and (ii) as described above, if the Government fails to pay 
the Exercise Price, the Certificateholder Put Right Exercise Price or the Tangibility Event Certificateholder 
Put Right Exercise Price, as the case may be, in accordance with the Purchase Undertaking, the Delegate 
(on behalf of the Certificateholders) may, subject to the matters set out in Condition 14 (Dissolution Events) 
and the terms of the Master Declaration of Trust, seek to enforce, inter alia, the provisions of the Purchase 
Undertaking and the Master Declaration of Trust against the Government by commencing legal or arbitral 
proceedings.  
However, prospective investors should note that, in the event that the Government of the Emirate of Sharjah 
acting through the Sharjah Finance Department does not remain in actual or constructive possession, 
custody or control of all or any part of the Lease Assets, the Certificateholder Put Right Lease Assets or the 
Tangibility Event Certificateholder Put Right Lease Assets, as the case may be, at the time of delivery of 
the exercise notice in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase Undertaking, the condition in (i) as 
described above will not be satisfied and, therefore, no amounts will be payable by the Government under 
the separate indemnity provisions. For the avoidance of doubt, no investigation has been or will be made 
by the Trustee, the Arrangers, the Dealers or the Delegate as to whether the Government of the Emirate of 
Sharjah acting through the Sharjah Finance Department has or will remain in actual or constructive

--- Page 40 ---
- 23 - 
 
 
possession, custody or control of any Lease Assets, Certificateholder Put Right Lease Assets or Tangibility 
Event Certificateholder Put Right Lease Assets. 
Accordingly, in such event, the Delegate (on behalf of the Certificateholders) may be required to establish 
that there has been a breach of contract by the Government and prove for damages. Such breach of contract 
may be due to (i) a breach by the Government of the requirement to purchase the Trustee's rights, title, 
interests, benefits and entitlements in, to and under the Lease Assets on the relevant Dissolution Date 
pursuant to the provisions of the Purchase Undertaking; and/or (ii) a breach by the Government (acting in 
its capacity as Lessee pursuant to the provisions of the Master Lease Agreement) of its undertaking to 
maintain actual or constructive possession, custody or control of all of the Lease Assets. 
As a result, the Delegate (on behalf of the Certificateholders) may not be able to recover, or may face 
significant challenges in recovering, an amount equal to the Exercise Price, the Certificateholder Put Right 
Exercise Price or the Tangibility Event Certificateholder Put Right Exercise Price, as the case may be, and 
in turn, the amount payable to the Certificateholders upon redemption. 
The occurrence of a Tangibility Event may have a significant adverse effect on the liquidity and market 
value of the Trust Certificates 
Following the occurrence of a Tangibility Event, the Certificateholders will be promptly notified: (a) that 
a Tangibility Event has occurred; (b) that, as determined in consultation with the Shari'a Adviser, the Trust 
Certificates should be tradable only in accordance with the Shari'a principles of debt trading (such as the 
principle that debt is to be traded against tangible assets and/or eligible commodities on a spot settlement 
basis); (c) that, on the date falling 15 days following the Tangibility Event Put Right Date, the Trust 
Certificates will be delisted from any stock exchange on which the Trust Certificates are admitted to listing; 
and (d) the Tangibility Event Put Period, during which period any Certificateholder shall have the option 
to require the redemption of all or any of its Trust Certificates. Upon receipt of such notice, the 
Certificateholders may elect, within the Tangibility Event Put Period, for all or any of their Trust 
Certificates to be redeemed in accordance with the Conditions. Accordingly, a Tangibility Event may have 
a significant adverse effect on the liquidity and market value of the Trust Certificates. 
The occurrence of a Loss Event may have a significant adverse effect on the liquidity and market value 
of the Trust Certificates  
If: (a) as a result of the occurrence of a Partial Loss Event the ratio of the value of the Lease Assets (as 
determined by reference to the relevant internal valuation by the Government of the Lease Assets on the 
date on which the Lease Assets were acquired by the Trustee as set out in the relevant Supplemental 
Purchase Agreement and/or Sale Agreement) (which for this purpose shall exclude any Impaired Lease 
Assets) to the aggregate of the value of the Lease Assets (as determined by reference to the relevant internal 
valuation by the Government of the Lease Assets on the date on which the Lease Assets were acquired by 
the Trustee as set out in the relevant Supplemental Purchase Agreement and/or Sale Agreement) and the 
outstanding Deferred Sale Price at such time, falls below 33 per cent.; or (b) a Total Loss Event occurs, the 
Servicing Agent shall notify the Trustee and the Delegate of such occurrence. The Trustee shall, upon 
receipt of such notice from the Servicing Agent, promptly notify Certificateholders that: (i) such event has 
occurred; and (ii) from the date of such notice and until further notice from the Trustee to the 
Certificateholders (which notice shall be given upon replacement of the Lease Assets in accordance with 
the Servicing Agency Agreement), the Trust Certificates should be tradable only in accordance with Shari'a 
principles of debt trading (such as the principle that debt is to be traded against tangible assets and/or 
eligible commodities on a spot settlement basis). Following any replacement of the Lease Assets in 
accordance with the Servicing Agency Agreement, the Servicing Agent shall notify the Trustee and the 
Delegate of the same and the Trustee shall promptly, following receipt of such notice from the Servicing 
Agent, deliver a notice to the Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) that from the 
date of that notice the Trust Certificates may be traded at any price. Accordingly, such event may have a 
significant adverse effect on the liquidity and market value of the Trust Certificates. 
The occurrence of a Partial Loss Event could result in the Trust Certificates of the relevant Series being 
redeemed early  
If a Partial Loss Event occurs with respect to the Lease Assets of a Series, the Lessee may, within 30 days 
after the Partial Loss Event (and provided that the relevant Lease Assets have not already been replaced in 
accordance with the Servicing Agency Agreement), deliver to the Lessor a Partial Loss Termination Notice, 
pursuant to which the Lease shall terminate on the 61st day after the date of the Partial Loss Event. If the

--- Page 41 ---
- 24 - 
 
 
Lessee does not serve a termination notice within 30 days after the Partial Loss Event but fails to replace 
the relevant Lease Assets within 60 days after the date of the Partial Loss Event, the Lease shall 
automatically terminate on the 61st day after the Partial Loss Event occurred and such termination of the 
Lease in either of the circumstances set out in this paragraph shall constitute a Government Event, following 
which the Trust Certificates of the relevant Series may be redeemed in full in accordance with the 
Conditions. 
The Trust Certificates are limited recourse obligations 
The Trust Certificates are not debt obligations of the Trustee. Instead, the Trust Certificates represent an 
undivided ownership interest solely in the Trust Assets. Recourse to the Trustee in respect of the Trust 
Certificates is limited to the Trust Assets and the proceeds of such Trust Assets are the sole source of 
payments on the Trust Certificates. Upon the occurrence of a Dissolution Event, the sole rights of each of 
the Delegate and, through the Delegate, the Certificateholders, will be against the Government to perform 
its obligations under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party. Certificateholders will have no 
recourse to any assets of the Trustee or the Government in respect of any shortfall in the expected amounts 
due under the Trust Assets. The Government is obliged to make certain payments under the Transaction 
Documents to which it is a party directly to the Trustee, and the Delegate will have direct recourse against 
the Government to recover such payments due to the Trustee pursuant to the Transaction Documents to 
which it is a party. In the absence of default by the Delegate, investors have no direct recourse to the 
Government and there is no assurance that the net proceeds of any enforcement action with respect to the 
Trust Assets (which, as described above, will be by way of enforcing each of the Government's and the 
Trustee's respective obligations under the Transaction Documents to which they are a party) will be 
sufficient to make all payments due in respect of the Trust Certificates. After enforcing the rights in respect 
of the Trust Assets (in the manner described above) and distributing the net proceeds of such Trust Assets 
in accordance with Condition 5.2 (Application of Proceeds from the Trust Assets), the obligations of the 
Trustee in respect of the Trust Certificates shall be satisfied and neither the Delegate nor any 
Certificateholder may take any further steps against the Trustee to recover any further sums in respect of 
the Trust Certificates and the right to receive any such sums unpaid shall be extinguished. Furthermore, 
under no circumstances shall the Trustee, the Delegate or any Certificateholder have any right to cause the 
sale or other disposition of any of the Trust Assets except pursuant to the Transaction Documents. The sole 
right of the Trustee, the Delegate and the Certificateholders against the Government shall be to enforce the 
obligation of the Government under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party. 
The Conditions contain a "collective action" clause under which the terms of any one Series of Trust 
Certificates or multiple Series of Trust Certificates may be amended, modified or waived without the 
consent of all Certificateholders 
The Conditions contain provisions regarding amendments, modifications and waivers, commonly referred 
to as "collective action clauses". Such clauses permit defined majorities to bind all Certificateholders, 
including Certificateholders who did not vote and Certificateholders who voted in a manner contrary to the 
majority. The relevant provisions also permit, in relation to Reserved Matters, multiple Series of Trust 
Certificates to be aggregated for voting purposes (provided that each such Series also contains the same 
or substantially similar "collective action clauses" in the relevant Conditions). 
The Trustee expects that all Series of Trust Certificates issued under the Programme will include such 
collective action clauses, thereby giving the Trustee the ability to request modifications or actions in respect 
of Reserved Matters across multiple Series of Trust Certificates. This means that a defined majority of the 
holders of such Series of Trust Certificates (when taken in the aggregate only, in some circumstances, 
and/or individually) would be able to bind all holders of Trust Certificates in all the relevant aggregated 
Series. 
Any modification or actions relating to Reserved Matters, including in respect of payments and other 
important terms, may be made to a single Series of Trust Certificates with the consent of the holders of 75 
per cent. of the aggregate face amount outstanding of such Series of Trust Certificates, and to multiple 
Series of Trust Certificates which may be issued by the Trustee with the consent of both: (i) the holders of 
66 2/3 per cent. of the aggregate face amount outstanding of all Series of Trust Certificates being 
aggregated; and (ii) the holders of 50 per cent. in aggregate face amount outstanding of each Series of Trust 
Certificates being aggregated. In addition, under certain circumstances, including the satisfaction of the 
Uniformly Applicable condition (as more particularly described in the Conditions), any such modification 
or action relating to Reserved Matters may be made to multiple Series of Trust Certificates with only the 
consent of 75 per cent. of the aggregate face amount outstanding of all Series of Trust Certificates being

--- Page 42 ---
- 25 - 
 
 
aggregated, without requiring a particular percentage of the holders in any individual affected Series of 
Trust Certificates to vote in favour of any proposed modification or action. Any modification or action 
proposed by the Trustee or the Government (as the case may be) (with the agreement of the Delegate) may, 
at the option of the Trustee or the Government (as the case may be), be made in respect of some Series of 
Trust Certificates only and, for the avoidance of doubt, the provisions may be used for different groups of 
two or more Series of Trust Certificates simultaneously. At the time of any proposed modification or action, 
the Trustee or the Government (as the case may be) will be obliged, inter alia, to specify which method or 
methods of aggregation will be used by the Trustee or the Government (as the case may be). 
There is a risk, therefore, that the Conditions of a Series of Trust Certificates may be amended, modified 
or waived in circumstances whereby the Certificateholders voting in favour of an amendment, modification 
or waiver may be holders of different Series of Trust Certificates and as such, less – even significantly less 
– than 75 per cent. of the Certificateholders would have voted in favour of such amendment, modification 
or waiver. 
In addition, there is a risk that the provisions allowing for aggregation across multiple Series of Certificates 
may make the Trust Certificates less attractive to purchasers in the secondary market on the occurrence of 
a Dissolution Event or in a distress situation. Further, any such amendment, modification or waiver in 
relation to any Trust Certificates may adversely affect their trading price. 
Consents to variation of the Conditions, the Trust Certificates and the Transaction Documents 
The Conditions, the Trust Certificates, the provisions of the Declaration of Trust or any other Transaction 
Document can only be amended by the Government and the Trustee with the prior written consent of the 
Delegate. The Delegate may agree, without the consent of the Certificateholders, to any modification of, or 
to the waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of, any of the Conditions, the Trust 
Certificates, the Declaration of Trust or any other Transaction Document or determine, without any such 
consent or sanction as aforesaid, that any Dissolution Event or Potential Dissolution Event shall not be 
treated as such, if, in the opinion of the Delegate: 
(a) 
such modification is of a formal, minor or technical nature; or 
(b) 
such modification is made to correct a manifest error; or 
(c) 
such modification, waiver, authorisation or determination is not, in the sole opinion of the Delegate, 
materially prejudicial to the interests of Certificateholders and is other than in respect of a Reserved 
Matter, 
provided that, in the case of (c) above, no such modification, waiver, authorisation or determination may 
be made in contravention of any express direction by Extraordinary Resolution or request in writing by the 
holders of at least 25 per cent. of the outstanding aggregate face amount of Trust Certificates. 
Any such modification, waiver, authorisation or determination may be made on such terms and subject to 
such conditions (if any) as the Delegate may determine, shall be binding upon the Certificateholders and 
shall as soon as practicable thereafter be notified by the Trustee to Certificateholders in accordance with 
Condition 17 (Notices). Further, any such modification, waiver, authorisation or determination in relation 
to any Trust Certificates may adversely affect their trading price. 
Credit ratings assigned to the Government or any Trust Certificates do not reflect all the risks associated 
with an investment in the Trust Certificates and may be subject to revision or withdrawal 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Government or the Trust 
Certificates issued under the Programme. The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related 
to the structure, market, additional factors discussed above and any other factors that may affect the value 
of the Trust Certificates. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be 
subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating organisation. The Trustee 
has no obligation to inform Certificateholders of any revision, downgrade or withdrawal of its current or 
future sovereign credit ratings. A suspension, downgrade or withdrawal at any time of a credit rating 
assigned to the Government and/or the Trust Certificates may adversely affect the trading price of the Trust 
Certificates.

--- Page 43 ---
- 26 - 
 
 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the EU CRA Regulation from using credit 
ratings for regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the 
EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or 
suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). Such general restriction 
may also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless the relevant 
credit ratings are endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating agency or the relevant non-EEA third country 
rating agency is certified in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or 
certification, has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain 
circumstances). The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by ESMA on its website in 
accordance with the EU CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating 
agency included in such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken 
against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list. Certain information with 
respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this Base Prospectus. 
Investors regulated in the United Kingdom are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. 
As such, United Kingdom regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued 
by a credit rating agency established in the United Kingdom and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. 
In the case of ratings issued by third country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can 
either be: (a) endorsed by a United Kingdom registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country 
credit rating agency that is certified in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in 
each case, to: (a) the relevant United Kingdom registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may 
be, not having been withdrawn or suspended; and (b) transitional provisions that apply in certain 
circumstances. In the case of third country ratings, for a certain limited period of time, transitional relief 
accommodates continued use for regulatory purposes in the United Kingdom, of existing pre-2021 ratings, 
provided the relevant conditions are satisfied. 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Trust Certificates changes, relevant regulated investors may no 
longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes in the EEA or the United Kingdom, as applicable, 
and the Trust Certificates may have a different regulatory treatment. This may result in relevant regulated 
investors selling the Trust Certificates which may impact the value of the Trust Certificates and any 
secondary market. 
In July 2022, Moody's downgraded Sharjah's main credit rating from Baa3 to Ba1 but changed the rating 
outlook from negative to stable. The downgrade to Ba1 is driven by Moody's expectation of further 
significant deterioration in Sharjah's fiscal strength over the next few years, and the absence of a credible 
fiscal adjustment plan that could stop and eventually reverse the upward trend in Sharjah's debt burden and 
the weakening of its debt affordability metrics. The stable outlook reflects Moody's view that at the Ba1 
level the risks to Sharjah's ratings are balanced. On 27 January 2023, following the announcement of the 
Fiscal Plan, Moody's published a report noting that the announcement of a multi-year fiscal plan indicates 
a greater willingness to try and better balance social demands with fiscal and financial stability 
considerations, which Moody's believes will slow the accumulation of government debt. Moody's also 
noted that a multi-year plan demonstrates greater transparency in policy making, which is a credit positive. 
In November 2022, S&P affirmed the long- and short-term foreign and local currency sovereign credit 
rating of Sharjah at BBB- and A-3 respectively with a negative outlook. However, in January 2023, 
following the announcement of the Fiscal Plan, S&P revised its outlook on Sharjah from negative to stable 
and affirmed Sharjah's ratings at BBB- and A-3. The stable outlook balances S&P's view that Sharjah will 
introduce sufficient measures to begin stabilising its debt burden over the next two years, i.e., 2024 and 
2025, against risks that the implementation of the necessary expenditure controls and revenue-enhancing 
measures are weaker than expected. S&P noted that it could lower Sharjah's ratings over the next two years, 
i.e., 2024 and 2025, if Sharjah's net debt burden rises sharply or if additional contingent liabilities 
materialise on Sharjah's balance sheet. However, S&P also noted that it could raise its ratings if Sharjah's 
fiscal performance significantly strengthens, evidenced by a sustainable reduction in net government debt 
levels. S&P affirmed the BBB- and A-3 ratings, as well as the stable outlooks, in its ratings action on 17 
May 2024. There can be no assurance that Sharjah's credit ratings will not be subject to further downgrades 
or (in the case of S&P) fall below investment-grade status in the future. 
Trust Certificates where denominations involve integral multiples 
In relation to any issue of Trust Certificates which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such 
Trust Certificates may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not

--- Page 44 ---
- 27 - 
 
 
integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case a holder who, as a result of 
trading such amounts, holds a face amount of less than the minimum Specified Denomination would need 
to purchase an additional amount of Trust Certificates such that it holds an amount equal to at least the 
minimum Specified Denomination to be able to trade such Trust Certificates. 
A holder who holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his or her 
account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not receive a definitive Trust Certificate 
in respect of such holding (should definitive Trust Certificates be printed or issued) and would need to 
purchase a face amount of Trust Certificates at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such 
that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination in order to be eligible to receive a definitive Trust 
Certificate. 
If definitive Trust Certificates are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Trust Certificates which 
have a denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be 
illiquid and difficult to trade. 
The Trust Certificates may be an ownership interest for the purposes of the Volcker Rule 
The Trustee may be a "covered fund" for the purposes of the Volcker Rule. Further, the Trust Certificates 
may constitute an "ownership interest" for the purposes of the Volcker Rule. As a result, the Volcker Rule 
may, subject to certain exemptions, prohibit certain banking institutions from, directly or indirectly, 
acquiring or retaining the Trust Certificates. This prohibition may adversely affect the liquidity and market 
price of the Trust Certificates. In addition, any entity that is a "banking entity" under the Volcker Rule and 
is considering an investment in the Trust Certificates should consider the potential impact of the Volcker 
Rule in respect of such investment and on its portfolio generally. 
Holders of Trust Certificates held through DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg must rely on 
procedures of those clearing systems to effect transfers of Trust Certificates, receive payments in respect 
of Trust Certificates and vote at meetings of Certificateholders 
Trust Certificates issued under the Programme will be represented on issue by one or more Global Trust 
Certificates that may be deposited with a common depositary (the "Common Depositary") for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg or may be deposited with a nominee for DTC (each, as defined in "Form of 
the Trust Certificates"). Except in the circumstances described in each Global Trust Certificate, investors 
will not be entitled to receive Trust Certificates in definitive form. Each of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and their respective direct and indirect participants will maintain records of the beneficial 
interests in each Global Trust Certificates held through it. While the Trust Certificates are represented by a 
Global Trust Certificate, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through the relevant 
clearing systems and their respective participants. 
While the Trust Certificates are represented by Global Trust Certificates, the Trustee will discharge its 
payment obligations under the Trust Certificates by making payments through the relevant clearing 
systems. A holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Trust Certificates must rely on the procedures of the 
relevant clearing system and its participants to receive payments under the Trust Certificates. Neither the 
Trustee nor the Government has any responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments made 
in respect of, beneficial interests in any Global Trust Certificates. 
Holders of beneficial interests in a Global Trust Certificates will not have a direct right to vote in respect 
of the Trust Certificates so represented. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that 
they are enabled by the relevant clearing system and its participants to appoint appropriate proxies. 
The Trust Certificates may be subject to early dissolution by the Government 
An early dissolution feature of any Trust Certificate is likely to limit its market value. During any period 
when the Government may elect to dissolve Trust Certificates, the market value of those Trust Certificates 
generally will not rise substantially above the dissolution amount payable. This also may be true prior to 
any dissolution period. 
The Government may be expected to exercise an early redemption option when the Government's cost of 
financing is lower than the profit rate on the Trust Certificates. At those times, an investor generally would 
not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective profit rate as high as the profit rate on the

--- Page 45 ---
- 28 - 
 
 
Trust Certificates being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Prospective 
investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
In addition, if the amount payable on the Trust Certificates is required to be increased to include additional 
amounts in certain circumstances and/or the Government is required to pay additional amounts pursuant to 
certain Transaction Documents, in each case as a result of certain changes affecting taxation in the Cayman 
Islands or the UAE (excluding the Emirate of Sharjah) or in each case any political subdivision or any 
authority thereof or therein having power to tax, the Trustee may redeem all but not some only of the Trust 
Certificates upon giving notice in accordance with the Conditions. 
There is no assurance that the Trust Certificates will be compliant with the principles of Islamic finance 
The Internal Sharia Supervisory Committee of Abu Dhabi Islamic Bank PJSC, the Internal Sharia 
Supervisory Committee of Dubai Islamic Bank PJSC, the Internal Sharia Supervisory Committee of HSBC 
Bank Middle East Limited and the Global Shariah Supervisory Committee of Standard Chartered Bank 
have confirmed that the Transaction Documents are, in their view, compliant with the principles of Shari'a 
as applicable to, and interpreted by, them. However, there can be no assurance that the Transaction 
Documents or any issue and trading of any Trust Certificates will be deemed to be Shari'a compliant by 
any other Shari'a board or Shari'a scholars or that they would deem the issue or trading of any Trust 
Certificates (including, without limitation, any future trading of Trust Certificates on the secondary market) 
to be Shari'a compliant. None of the Trustee, the Government, the Delegate, Dubai Islamic Bank P.J.S.C., 
HSBC Bank plc, Sharjah Islamic Bank P.J.S.C., Standard Chartered Bank or the Agents makes any 
representation to prospective investors as to the Shari'a compliance of any Trust Certificates, the above 
pronouncements, the Transaction Documents, any Series and/or any trading thereof or that they would 
deem the issue or trading of any Trust Certificates (including, without limitation, any future trading of Trust 
Certificates on the secondary market) to be Shari'a compliant, and prospective investors are reminded that, 
as with any Shari'a views, differences in opinion are possible. In addition, none of the Delegate, the 
Arrangers, the Dealers or the Agents will have any responsibility for monitoring or ensuring compliance 
with any Shari'a principles of debt trading (such as the principle that debt is to be traded against tangible 
assets and/or eligible commodities on a spot settlement basis) nor shall it be liable to any Certificateholder 
or any other person in respect thereof. Prospective investors should not rely on the above pronouncements 
in deciding whether to make an investment in the Trust Certificates and should obtain their own independent 
Shari'a advice as to the compliance of the Transaction Documents and whether the Trust Certificates will 
meet their individual standards of compliance and the issue and trading of the Trust Certificates with Shari'a 
principles, including the tradability of the Trust Certificates on any secondary market. Questions as to the 
Shari'a compliance of the Transaction Documents or the Shari'a permissibility of the issue and the trading 
of the Trust Certificates may limit the liquidity and adversely affect the market value of the Trust 
Certificates. 
In addition, prospective investors are reminded that the enforcement of any obligations of any of the parties 
under the Transaction Documents (other than the Master Purchase Agreement, each Supplemental Purchase 
Agreement, the Master Lease Agreement, each Supplemental Lease Agreement and each Sale Agreement) 
or the Trust Certificates shall be, if in dispute, be referred to, and finally resolved by, arbitration under the 
Arbitration Rules of the London Court of International Arbitration (the "LCIA"), in London, England or 
the English courts. In such circumstances, the arbitrator or court will apply the relevant law of the relevant 
Transaction Document and/or the Trust Certificates in determining the obligations of the parties. 
Shari'a requirements in relation to interest awarded by a court. 
In accordance with applicable Shari'a principles, each of the Trustee and the Delegate will waive all and 
any entitlement it may have to interest awarded in its favour by an arbitrator as a result of any arbitration 
and/or by a court in connection with any dispute under any of the Transaction Documents. Should there be 
any delay in the enforcement of a judgment or arbitral award given against the Government, judgment 
interest may be awarded in respect of that delay and, as a result of the waiver referred to above, 
Certificateholders will not be entitled to receive any part of such interest. 
The U.S. Internal Revenue Service may argue that the Trust Certificates should be treated as something 
other than debt for U.S. federal income tax purposes, which may result in U.S. investors being subject 
to materially adverse tax consequences. 
The Trustee generally intends to treat Trust Certificates issued under the Programme as debt for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes. However, the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (the "IRS") could seek to characterise

--- Page 46 ---
- 29 -
the Trust Certificates differently for U.S. federal income tax purposes. If the IRS were to do so successfully, 
U.S. investors could be subject to materially adverse tax consequences. Prospective U.S. investors should 
see the discussion below in "Taxation — U.S. Federal Income Taxation — Characterisation of the Trust 
Certificates" and consult their tax advisers as to the possibility of the Trust Certificates being 
recharacterised and the resulting U.S. federal income tax consequences if they were. 
Sustainable Trust Certificates may not meet investor expectations or requirements or be suitable for an 
investor's investment criteria 
The Final Terms relating to a specific Tranche of Trust Certificates identified therein as "Sustainable Trust 
Certificates" will provide that it is the Government's intention to apply an amount, which at the Issue Date 
of the Sustainable Trust Certificates, is equivalent amount to finance and/or refinance, in whole or in part, 
Eligible Expenditures in accordance with the Government's Sustainable Financing Framework. A 
prospective investor should have regard to the information set out in the section "Use of Proceeds" and 
determine for itself the relevance of such information together with any other investigation it deems 
necessary for the purpose of assessing the suitability of an investment in such Trust Certificates. 
The Government will exercise its judgement and sole discretion in determining the businesses and projects 
that will be financed and/or refinanced by the equivalent amount. If the use of the proceeds of Sustainable 
Trust Certificates is a factor in any potential investor's decision to invest in Sustainable Trust Certificates, 
that investor should carefully consider the disclosure in "Use of Proceeds" and consult with its legal or 
other advisers and make any other investigation such investor deems necessary before making an 
investment in Sustainable Trust Certificates, including but not limited to, reviewing the prevailing 
Sustainable Financing Framework. In particular, no assurance is given by the Trustee, the Government, the 
Arrangers, the Dealers, the Agents or any other person that the use of the equivalent amount to finance 
and/or refinance any Eligible Expenditures (as defined in "Use of Proceeds" below) will meet, whether in 
whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment 
criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply (including in 
relation to the EU Taxonomy Regulation and any related technical screening criteria, the EU Green Bond 
Regulation, SFDR, and any implementing legislation and guidelines, or any similar legislation in the United 
Kingdom). None of the Arrangers or the Dealers or their respective affiliates have undertaken, nor are they 
responsible for, any assessment or due diligence of, the Eligible Expenditures, or any related projects or the 
application, impact or monitoring of the use of the proceeds (or any amount equivalent thereto) of any 
Sustainable Trust Certificates. None of the Arrangers or the Dealers or their respective affiliates have 
undertaken any due diligence, or makes any representation as to the suitability or contents, of the 
Sustainable Financing Framework, any second party opinion delivered in respect thereof or any public 
reporting by or on behalf of the Government in respect of the application of the proceeds of any issue of 
Sustainable Trust Certificates, all of which are not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in or form part 
of this Base Prospectus. 
Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently no clearly defined definition (legal, regulatory or 
otherwise) of, nor any market consensus as to what constitutes, a "green", "environmental", "sustainable", 
"social" or an equivalently labelled project or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular 
project to be defined as "green" or such other equivalent label and no assurance can be given that such a 
clear definition or consensus will develop over time or that any prevailing market consensus will not change 
significantly. Any Sustainable Trust Certificates issued under the Programme will not be compliant with 
the EU Green Bond Regulation and are only intended to comply with the requirements and processes in the 
Sustainable Financing Framework. is not clear if the establishment of the EuGB label and the optional 
disclosures regime for bonds issued as "environmentally sustainable" under the EU Green Bond Regulation 
could have an impact on investor demand for, and pricing of, green use of proceeds bonds that do not 
comply with the requirements of the EuGB label or the optional disclosures regime, such as the Sustainable 
Trust Certificates issued under this Programme. It could result in reduced liquidity or lower demand or 
could otherwise affect the market price of any Sustainable Trust Certificates issued under this Programme 
that do not comply with those standards proposed under the EU Green Bond Regulation. 
The EU Taxonomy Regulation, which is subject to a phased implementation, may provide some definition 
for such topics in the European Union. However, the full scope and applicability of the EU Taxonomy 
Regulation, as well as exactly when it will take effect, remains uncertain. Accordingly, no assurance or 
representation is or can be given (whether by the Trustee, the Government, the Arrangers, the Dealers, the 
Agents or any other person) to investors that: (a) any projects funded by or related to any Eligible 
Expenditures will meet any or all investor expectations regarding such "green" or other equivalently 
labelled performance objectives; (b) any adverse environmental, social and/or other impacts will not occur

--- Page 47 ---
- 30 -
during the implementation of any projects funded by or related to any Eligible Expenditures; or (c) the 
Sustainable Financing Framework will be aligned with the EU Taxonomy Regulation or any other 
sustainability framework or guidelines. The Government's Sustainable Financing Framework may be 
subject to review and change and may be amended, updated, supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn 
from time to time and any subsequent version(s) may differ from any description given in this Base 
Prospectus. 
While it is the intention of the Government to allocate the equivalent amount to fund Eligible Expenditures 
and to report on the use of proceeds or Eligible Expenditures as described in "Use of Proceeds" below, 
there is no contractual obligation to do so. There can be no assurance that any such Eligible Expenditures 
will be available or capable of being implemented in, or substantially in, the manner and timeframe 
anticipated and, accordingly, that the Government will be able to use an amount equal to the equivalent 
amount to fund such Eligible Expenditures as intended. In addition, there can be no assurance that Eligible 
Expenditures will be completed as expected or achieve the impacts or outcomes (environmental, social or 
otherwise) originally expected or anticipated.  
The Government does not undertake to ensure that there are at any time sufficient Eligible Expenditures to 
allow for application of the equivalent amount in full. 
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any 
opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Government) which may be made 
available in connection with the issue of the Sustainable Trust Certificates and in particular with any of the 
businesses and projects funded with the equivalent amount to fulfil any environmental, sustainability, social 
and/or other criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, any such opinion or certification is not, nor shall be 
deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. Any such opinion or certification 
is not, nor should it be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Trustee, the Government, the Dealers, the 
Agents or any other person to buy, sell or hold Sustainable Trust Certificates. Any such opinion or 
certification is only current as at the date that opinion was initially issued. Prospective investors must 
determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the information contained 
therein and/or the provider of such opinion or certification for the purpose of any investment in Sustainable 
Trust Certificates. The providers of such opinions and certifications are not currently subject to any specific 
regulatory or other regime or oversight. Any such opinion or certification may change at any time and may 
be amended, updated, supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn. 
No assurance that Sustainable Trust Certificates will be admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", 
"sustainable", "social" (or similar) segment of any stock exchange or market, or that any admission 
obtained will be maintained 
If Sustainable Trust Certificates are at any time listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", 
"social", "environmental", "sustainable" or other equivalently labelled segment of any stock exchange or 
securities market (whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Government, 
the Arrangers, the Dealers, the Agents or any other person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether 
in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment 
criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any 
present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own bylaws or other governing rules or investment 
portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social 
impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any of the businesses and projects funded with 
the proceeds from any Sustainable Trust Certificates (including in relation to the EU Taxonomy Regulation 
and any related technical screening criteria, the EU Green Bond Regulation, SFDR, and any implementing 
legislation and guidelines, or any similar legislation in the United Kingdom). Furthermore, it should be 
noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or 
securities market to another. Nor is any representation or assurance given or made by the Trustee, the 
Government, the Arrangers, the Dealers, the Agents or any other person that any such listing or admission 
to trading will be obtained in respect of any Sustainable Trust Certificates or, if obtained, that any such 
listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Sustainable Trust Certificates 
concerned. 
If any of the risks outlined in this risk factor materialise this may have a material adverse effect on the value 
of such Sustainable Trust Certificates and/or may have consequences for certain investors with portfolio 
mandates to invest in sustainable assets (which consequences may include the need to sell the Sustainable 
Trust Certificates as a result of such Sustainable Trust Certificates not falling within the investor's 
investment criteria or mandate).

--- Page 48 ---
- 31 - 
 
 
Sustainable Trust Certificates are not linked to the performance of the Eligible Expenditures, do not 
benefit from any arrangements to enhance the performance of the Sustainable Trust Certificates or any 
contractual rights derived solely from the intended use of proceeds of such Trust Certificates 
The performance of the Sustainable Trust Certificates is not linked to the performance of the relevant 
Eligible Expenditures or the performance of the Government in respect of any environmental or similar 
targets. There will be no segregation of assets and liabilities in respect of the Sustainable Trust Certificates 
and the Eligible Expenditures. Consequently, neither payments of principal and/or profit on the Sustainable 
Trust Certificates nor any rights of Certificateholders shall depend on the performance of the relevant 
Eligible Expenditures or the performance of the Government in respect of any such environmental or 
similar targets. Holders of any Sustainable Trust Certificates shall have no preferential rights or priority 
against the assets of any Eligible Expenditures nor benefit from any arrangements to enhance the 
performance of the Trust Certificates. 
No breach of contract or Dissolution Event 
None of a failure by the Government to allocate the proceeds of any Trust Certificates issued as Sustainable 
Trust Certificates or to report on the use of proceeds or Eligible Expenditures as anticipated or a failure of 
a third party to issue (or to withdraw) an opinion or certification in connection with an issue of Sustainable 
Trust Certificates or the failure of the Trust Certificates issued as Sustainable Trust Certificates to meet 
investors' expectations or requirements regarding any "green", "sustainable", "social" or similar labels will 
constitute a Dissolution Event, cross-default or breach of contract with respect to any of the Trust 
Certificates issued as Sustainable Trust Certificates. 
Risk factors relating to enforcement 
Investors may experience difficulties in enforcing arbitration awards and foreign judgments in the UAE 
The payments under the Trust Certificates are dependent upon the Government making payments to the 
Trustee in the manner contemplated under the Transaction Documents. If the Government fails to do so, it 
may be necessary for an investor to bring an action against the Government to enforce its obligations 
(subject to the provisions of the Conditions) and/or to claim damages, as appropriate, which may be costly 
and time consuming. 
Furthermore, to the extent that the enforcement of remedies must be pursued in the UAE, it should be borne 
in mind that there is limited scope for self-help remedies under UAE law and that generally enforcement 
of remedies in the UAE must be pursued through the courts. 
Each of the Master Declaration of Trust dated 1 July 2024 among the Trustee, the Government and the 
Delegate (the "Master Declaration of Trust"), the Agency Agreement dated 1 July 2024 among the 
Trustee, the Government and the Agents (the "Agency Agreement"), the Servicing Agency Agreement 
dated 1 July 2024 among the Trustee, the Government and the Delegate (the "Servicing Agency 
Agreement"), the Master Murabaha Agreement dated 1 July 2024 among the Trustee, the Government and 
the Delegate (the "Master Murabaha Agreement"), the Purchase Undertaking dated 1 July 2024 executed 
by the Government (the "Purchase Undertaking"), the Sale and Substitution Undertaking dated 1 July 
2024 executed by the Trustee (the "Purchase Undertaking") and the Trust Certificates are governed by 
English law (the "English Law Documents") and the Government has agreed, at the option of the Trustee 
or the Delegate (as the case may be), to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts in respect 
of any dispute, claim, difference or controversy arising out of or in connection with the English Law 
Documents. 
Where an English judgment has been obtained, there is no assurance that the Government has, or would at 
the relevant time have, assets in the United Kingdom against which such a judgment could be enforced. 
Under current UAE law, the UAE courts (including the courts of Sharjah) are unlikely to enforce an English 
court judgment without re-examining the merits of the claim and may not observe the choice by the parties 
of English law as the governing law of the transaction. In the UAE, foreign law is required to be established 
as a question of fact and the interpretation of English law, by a court in the UAE, may not accord with the 
interpretation by an English court. In principle, courts in the UAE recognise the choice of foreign law if 
they are satisfied that an appropriate connection exists between the relevant transaction agreement and the 
foreign law which has been chosen. They will not, however, honour any provision of foreign law which is 
contrary to public policy, order or morals in the UAE, or to any mandatory law of, or applicable in, the 
UAE.

--- Page 49 ---
- 32 - 
 
 
The UAE is a civil law jurisdiction, and, accordingly, judicial precedents in Sharjah have no binding effect 
on subsequent decisions. In addition, there is no formal system of reporting court decisions in Sharjah. 
These factors create greater judicial uncertainty than would be expected in other jurisdictions. 
The Government has also agreed, unless the option to litigate is exercised, to refer any unresolved dispute 
in relation to such documents to arbitration under the Arbitration Rules of the London Court of International 
Arbitration in London, England. The New York Convention on the Recognition and Enforcement of 
Foreign Arbitral Awards 1958 (the "New York Convention") entered into force in the UAE on 19 
November 2006. Any arbitration award rendered in London should therefore be enforceable in Sharjah in 
accordance with the terms of the New York Convention. Under the New York Convention, the UAE has 
an obligation to recognise and enforce foreign arbitration awards, unless the party opposing enforcement 
can prove one of the grounds under Article V of the New York Convention to refuse enforcement, or the 
Sharjah courts find that the subject matter of the dispute is not capable of settlement by arbitration or 
enforcement would be contrary to the public policy of the UAE.  
There is no established track record as to how the New York Convention provisions would be interpreted 
and applied by the UAE courts in practice and whether the UAE courts will enforce a foreign arbitration 
award in accordance with the New York Convention (or any other multilateral or bilateral enforcement 
convention). This is reinforced by the lack of a system of binding judicial precedent in the UAE and the 
independent existence of different emirates within the UAE, some with their own court systems 
independent of the federal system, and whose rulings may have no more than persuasive force cross-border. 
Although there are examples of foreign arbitral awards being enforced in the UAE under the New York 
Convention (as described above), there are other cases where the enforcement of foreign arbitral awards 
have been refused. Federal Decree Law No. 42 of 2022 (the "Federal Decree Law No. 42 of 2022") 
governs the enforcement of foreign arbitral awards. The Federal Decree Law No. 42 of 2022 confirms that 
arbitral awards issued in a foreign state may be enforced in the UAE and that the conditions for enforcement 
of foreign arbitral awards set out in the New York Convention shall not be prejudiced by the Federal Decree 
Law No. 42 of 2022. However, there is no established track record as to how the overlapping provisions of 
the New York Convention and the Federal Decree Law No. 42 of 2022 will be interpreted and applied by 
the UAE courts in practice. There remains a risk that notwithstanding the Federal Decree Law No. 42 of 
2022 or the terms of an applicable multilateral or bilateral enforcement convention, the UAE courts may in 
practice still consider and apply the grounds for enforcement of domestic UAE arbitral awards set out in 
Federal Law No. 6 of 2018 (the "UAE Arbitration Law") to the enforcement of any non-UAE arbitral 
award. The UAE Arbitration Law and the Federal Decree Law No. 42 of 2022 are both new and it is unclear 
how they will be applied by the UAE courts in practice. Accordingly, there is a risk that a non-UAE arbitral 
award will be refused enforcement by the UAE courts.  
The Government's waiver of immunity may not be effective under the laws of the UAE 
UAE law provides that public or private assets owned by the UAE or any of the emirates may not be 
confiscated. It is likely that the Lease Assets will fall within the ambit of Government assets and as such 
cannot be attached or executed upon. 
The Government has waived its rights in relation to sovereign immunity, however, there can be no 
assurance as to whether such waivers of immunity from execution or attachment or other legal process by 
it under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party are valid and binding under the laws of the UAE 
as applicable in Sharjah. 
Claims for specific enforcement 
In the event that the Government fails to perform its obligations under any Transaction Document to which 
it is a party, the potential remedies available to the Trustee and the Delegate include obtaining an order for 
specific enforcement of the Government's obligations or a claim for damages. There is no assurance that a 
court will provide an order for specific enforcement which is a discretionary matter. 
The amount of damages which a court may award in respect of a breach will depend upon a number of 
possible factors including an obligation on the Trustee and the Delegate to mitigate any loss arising as a 
result of the breach. No assurance is provided on the level of damages which a court may award in the event 
of a failure by the Government to perform its obligations set out in the Transaction Documents to which it 
is a party.

--- Page 50 ---
- 33 - 
 
 
STRUCTURE DIAGRAM AND CASHFLOWS 
Set out below is a simplified structure diagram and description of the principal cash flows underlying each 
Series of Trust Certificates to be issued under the Programme. Prospective investors are referred to the 
Conditions and the detailed descriptions of the relevant Transaction Documents set out elsewhere in this 
document for a fuller description of certain cash flows and for an explanation of the meaning of certain 
capitalised terms used below. 
 
Cashflows 
Payments by the Certificateholders and the Trustee 
On the Issue Date of each Tranche of Trust Certificates, the relevant Certificateholders will pay the issue 
price (the "Issue Proceeds") in respect thereof to the Trustee, and the Trustee will pay: 
(a) 
the Ijara Percentage of the aggregate face amount of the relevant Trust Certificates as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms (which, in the case of the first Tranche of a Series of Trust Certificates, 
shall be at least 55 per cent.) as the purchase price (the "Purchase Price") payable under the 
relevant Supplemental Purchase Agreement for the relevant asset(s) comprised of real estate asset(s) 
located in Sharjah (in the case of the first Tranche of a Series of Trust Certificates, the "Asset(s)" 
or, if applicable, (in the case of each subsequent Tranche of such Series) the "Additional Asset(s)"); 
and 
(b) 
the remaining portion of the Issue Proceeds (if any) equal to the Murabaha Percentage of the 
aggregate face amount of the relevant Trust Certificate as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(which, in the case of the first Tranche of a Series of Trust Certificates, shall be no more than 45 
per cent.) in the purchase of commodities to be sold to the Government on a deferred payment 
basis for an amount specified in a letter of offer and acceptance (the "Deferred Sale Price") 
pursuant to the Master Murabaha Agreement. 
Periodic Payments by the Trustee 
On each Periodic Distribution Date, the Servicing Agent (on behalf of the Trustee) will apply amounts 
standing to the credit of a collection account (comprised of a rental payment (pursuant to the relevant Lease 
Agreement) and an instalment payment of any Profit Amount (as defined in the Master Murabaha 
Agreement) each as paid by the Government (acting in its relevant capacities under the Lease Agreement 
and the Master Murabaha Agreement, as applicable, into the Collection Account)) in payment into the 
relevant Transaction Account of an amount which is intended to be sufficient to fund the Periodic 
Distribution Amount payable by the Trustee under the Trust Certificates and shall be applied by the Trustee 
for that purpose. 
Certificateholders
Government
Sharjah Sukuk Programme 
Limited
Government
Proceeds of
issues of Trust 
Certificates
Periodic Distribution 
Amounts/Dissolution 
Amounts
Trust 
Certificates
Asset(s)
Purchase Price
Deferred Sale Price
(including Murabaha Profit 
instalments)
Commodities
Master Purchase Agreement/Master Lease
Agreement/ServicingAgency Agreement/Purchase
Undertaking/Sale and Substitution Undertaking
Rental payments/Exercise 
Price
Master Murabaha Agreement

--- Page 51 ---
- 34 - 
 
 
Dissolution Payments 
On the Scheduled Dissolution Date: 
(a) 
the aggregate amounts of the Deferred Sale Price then outstanding, if any, shall become 
immediately due and payable by the Government; and 
(b) 
the Trustee and the Delegate will have the right under the Purchase Undertaking to require the 
Government (in its capacity as obligor) to purchase all of its rights, title and interests in, to and 
under the relevant Lease Asset(s) for an amount equal to the Exercise Price. 
The Exercise Price payable by the Government (in its capacity as Purchaser) to the Trustee (in its capacity 
as seller), together with the aggregate amounts of the Deferred Sale Price then outstanding, if any, are 
intended to fund the relevant Final Dissolution Amount payable by the Trustee under the Trust Certificates. 
The Trust may be dissolved prior to the Scheduled Dissolution Date for a number of reasons including: (i) 
unless the relevant Lease Assets have been replaced in accordance with the Servicing Agency Agreement, 
upon the occurrence of a Total Loss Event; (ii) upon the occurrence of a Tax Event; (iii) upon the occurrence 
of a Dissolution Event (as defined herein); (iv) in certain cases where so specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, at the option of the Government or any Certificateholder; (v) upon the occurrence of a Tangibility 
Event; or (vi) on the Clean Up Call Right Dissolution Date, as the case may be. In the case of (ii), (iii), (iv), 
(v) and (vi) above, the relevant Dissolution Amount will be funded by the Government being required to 
(A) purchase the relevant Lease Asset(s) and pay the relevant Exercise Price, the Certificateholder Put Right 
Exercise Price or the Tangibility Event Certificateholder Put Right Exercise Price, as the case may be, and 
(B) pay the aggregate amounts (or the applicable portion thereof, as the case may be) of the Deferred Sale 
Price then outstanding, if any, in each case to or to the order of the Trustee (pursuant to the terms of the 
Purchase Undertaking or the Sale and Substitution Undertaking, as the case may be, and the Master 
Murabaha Agreement, if applicable).  
In the case of (i) above, the Dissolution Amount will be funded using (a) any proceeds of Insurances and/or 
(if applicable) the Loss Shortfall Amount payable in respect of the Total Loss Event (as defined herein), 
and (b) the aggregate amounts of the Deferred Sale Price then outstanding.

--- Page 52 ---
- 35 -
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published, and have been filed with the Central Bank 
of Ireland, shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
 
The "Terms and Conditions of the Trust Certificates" appearing between pages 107 to 155 of the 
Base Prospectus dated 5 March 2018 will be incorporated by reference herein and will be available 
for 
viewing 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/FinalBaseProspectus_d4c02717-5e7a-4d48-9cc6-e3afc43096da.PDF.  
 
The "Terms and Conditions of the Trust Certificates" appearing between pages 87 to 130 of the 
Base Prospectus dated 20 March 2019 will be incorporated by reference herein and will be 
available 
for 
viewing 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_7f00f58e-cd5c-48a9-91f0-d94685618b3e.PDF.  
 
The "Terms and Conditions of the Trust Certificates" appearing between pages 80 to 118 of the 
Base Prospectus dated 21 April 2020 will be incorporated by reference herein and will be available 
for 
viewing 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_4ffc670a-791b-4c3e-9081-310b61ff735f.PDF. 
 
The "Terms and Conditions of the Trust Certificates" appearing between pages 95 to 137 of the 
Base Prospectus dated 5 July 2021 will be incorporated by reference herein and will be available 
for 
viewing 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202107/cd1b2abd-7572-4835-8b04-68290943a9eb.PDF. 
 
The "Terms and Conditions of the Trust Certificates" appearing between pages 102 to 145 of the 
Base Prospectus dated 8 September 2023 will be incorporated by reference herein and will be 
available 
for 
viewing 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202309/65920c6d-ff42-4a75-8968-9effca7a4310.pdf. 
Copies of the above documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus can be obtained from the 
specified office of the Principal Paying Agent at Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch, 21 Moorfields, 
London, EC2Y 9DB, United Kingdom. 
Any information contained in the documents specified above which is not incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus, does not form part of this Base Prospectus and is either not relevant to investors or is 
included elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. Accordingly, only the information stated to be expressly 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus is so incorporated by reference.

--- Page 53 ---
- 36 -
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of each Tranche of Trust Certificates issued under the Programme will be applied by the 
Trustee pursuant to the terms of the relevant Transaction Documents on the relevant Issue Date in the 
following proportion: (A) the Ijara Percentage of the aggregate face amount of the Trust Certificates of 
such Tranche as specified in the applicable Final Terms towards the purchase from the Government of all 
of its rights, title and interests in, to and under (in the case of the first Tranche) the Asset(s) and, if applicable 
(in the case of each subsequent Tranche) the Additional Asset(s) pursuant to the relevant Purchase 
Agreement; and (B) if applicable, the Murabaha Percentage of the aggregate face amount of the Trust 
Certificates of such Tranche as specified in the applicable Final Terms towards the purchase of commodities 
to be sold to the Government pursuant to the Master Murabaha Agreement. 
Save in respect of Sustainable Trust Certificates, the amounts subsequently received by the Government in 
consideration for the transactions entered into with the Trustee as set out above, including with respect to 
the proceeds received from any on-sale of the commodities by the Government, will be applied by the 
Government for its domestic budgetary purposes. If there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will 
be stated in the applicable Final Terms. 
In relation to each Tranche of Sustainable Trust Certificates, an amount at least equal to such net proceeds 
(the "equivalent amount") will be applied by the Government to finance and/or refinance, in whole or in 
part, eligible existing projects and/or expenditures ("Eligible Expenditures"). Eligible Expenditures may 
include, inter alia, (a) the production and distribution of energy from renewable sources (e.g. solar farms, 
installation of roof-top solar panels and commercial heat pumps); (b) green buildings (including the 
development, construction and refurbishment of buildings that meet minimum external green building 
certification levels); (c) sustainable water and wastewater treatment projects (including the establishment, 
acquisition, capacity expansion and upgrades of facilities and technologies to treat, distribute and conserve 
water); (d) clean transportation (including the production, establishment, acquisition, expansion, upgrades, 
maintenance and operation of low carbon vehicles and related infrastructure); (e) energy efficiency projects 
(including the establishment, acquisition, expansion and upgrade of transmission lines and energy storage 
facilities or technologies and/or the associated infrastructure); (f) pollution prevention and control projects 
(including the establishment, acquisition, expansion, upgrades of waste); (g) the environmentally 
sustainable management of living natural resources and land (including sustainable agricultural practices 
that are certified to an independent standard); (h) affordable housing and basic infrastructure; and (i) access 
to essential services such as healthcare and education, in each case as further described in the "Use of 
Proceeds" section of the Sustainable Financing Framework published on the Government's website (at: 
https://www.sfd.gov.ae/En/PUBLICATIONS/Emirate%20of%20Sharjah%20-
%20Sovereign%20Sustainable%20Financing%20Framework.pdf) (as amended, supplemented, restated 
and/or otherwise updated on such website from time to time, the "Sustainable Financing Framework"). 
The Sustainable Financing Framework is aligned with, among other publications, the guidelines specified 
in the 2021 edition of the Green Bond Principles ("GBPs") published by the International Capital Market 
Association ("ICMA"), the 2021 edition of the ICMA Social Bond Principles ("SBPs") and the 2021 
edition of the ICMA Sustainability Bond Guidelines ("SBGs"). 
The Government has appointed S&P Global Ratings to assess the Sustainable Financing Framework and 
its alignment with, among other publications, the SBGs, the GBPs and the SBPs, and to issue a second 
party opinion in respect thereof. Such opinion has been published on the Government's website referred to 
above (at https://www.sfd.gov.ae/En/Pages/Open_Data.aspx) . The Sustainable Financing Framework, any 
second party opinion delivered in respect thereof or any public reporting by or on behalf of the Government 
in respect of the application of the proceeds of any issue of Sustainable Trust Certificates shall not be 
deemed to be incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. 
If a project to which all or part of the equivalent amount has been applied ceases for any reason to be an 
Eligible Expenditure, the Government shall endeavour to substitute such project for a replacement Eligible 
Expenditure as soon as practicable once an appropriate replacement Eligible Expenditure has been 
identified. 
The Government intends to publish on its website referred to above, reports relating to the application of 
the equivalent amount to such financing and/or refinancing, in whole or in part, of Eligible Expenditures 
and on the associated environmental and/or social impacts of Eligible Expenditures. The allocation reports 
will be updated annually and the impact reports will be published at least a biennial basis, in each case until

--- Page 54 ---
- 37 - 
 
 
such time as the equivalent amount has been so allocated in full or the relevant Sustainable Trust Certificates 
have matured. 
None of the Sustainable Financing Framework or any of the above reports, verification assessments or the 
contents of any of the above websites are incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. See also 
"Risks factors relating to Trust Certificates – Sustainable Trust Certificates may not meet investor 
expectations or requirements or be suitable for an investor's investment criteria".

--- Page 55 ---
- 38 - 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE TRUSTEE 
General 
Sharjah Sukuk Programme Limited, an exempted company incorporated on 7 June 2017 with limited 
liability under the Companies Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands with registered number 323675 
whose registered office is at c/o Maples Corporate Services Limited, PO Box 309, Ugland House, Grand 
Cayman, KY1-1104, Cayman Islands, and whose telephone number is +1 345 949 8066. 
The issued share capital of the Trustee is comprised of one (1) ordinary share with a par value of U.S.$1.00. 
The Trustee is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Government. 
Business of the Trustee 
The Trustee has limited operating history or prior business and does not and will not have any substantial 
liabilities other than in connection with Trust Certificates that have been, and will be, issued under the 
Programme. The objects for which the Trustee is established are set out in clause 3 of its Memorandum of 
Association, as registered or adopted on 7 June 2017. 
Financial Statements 
Since the date of its incorporation, no financial statements of the Trustee have been prepared. The Trustee 
is not required by Cayman Islands law to publish audited financial statements. 
Directors of the Trustee 
The Directors of the Trustee are as follows: 
Name: 
Principal Occupation: 
Mohammed bin Saud Al Qasimi 
Chairman, Sharjah Finance Department 
Waleed Ebrahim Al Sayegh 
Director General, Sharjah Finance Department 
 
The business address of each Director of the Trustee is c/o Sharjah Finance Department, Al Layyeh Suburb, 
P.O. Box 201, Sharjah, United Arab Emirates. 
There are no conflicts of interest between the private interests or other duties of the Directors of the Trustee 
listed above and their respective duties to the Trustee. 
The Trustee has no employees and is not expected to have any employees in the future.

--- Page 56 ---
- 39 - 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE EMIRATE OF SHARJAH 
Introduction 
The Emirate of Sharjah ("Sharjah" or the "Emirate") is one of seven emirates which together comprise 
the federation of the United Arab Emirates (the "Federation"). The Federation was established on 
2 December 1971. On formation, the Federation comprised the following emirates: Abu Dhabi, Dubai, 
Sharjah, Ajman, Umm Al Quwain and Fujairah. Ras Al Khaimah joined in February 1972. Abu Dhabi is 
the capital city of the UAE. The President of the UAE is His Highness ("H.H.") Sheikh Mohamed bin 
Zayed Al Nahyan, who is also the ruler of Abu Dhabi, the capital city of the UAE. H.H. Sheikh Dr. Sultan 
Bin Mohammed Al Qasimi ("H.H. The Ruler") became the ruler of Sharjah in 1972 and was appointed to 
the Supreme Council (as defined below).1 
Location 
 
Sharjah is the third-largest emirate in the UAE. Sharjah borders the Arabian Gulf to the west and shares 
land borders with all of the other six emirates. The Emirate comprises a main territory, incorporating 
Sharjah City and the less densely populated Central Region, and three exclaves on the UAE's east coast 
(Khorfakkan, Dibba Al-Hisn and Kalba), which each provide access to the Arabian Sea and the Indian 
Ocean through the Gulf of Oman. The island of Sir Bu Nair also forms part of Sharjah. In total, Sharjah 
covers an area of 2,590 square kilometres, or 3.3 per cent. of the UAE's total area (excluding islands). 
The main city of Sharjah, Sharjah City, is situated between the emirates of Dubai and Ajman on the five 
kilometre deep salt strip running along the west coast. Sharjah City is located around 170 kilometres from 
the UAE's capital of Abu Dhabi. The length of the coastline falling under the Emirate is approximately 
30 kilometres in total, including a 16-kilometre continuous stretch on the Arabian Gulf around Sharjah City. 
The UAE as a whole extends along the south-east coast of the Arabian Gulf, from the Kingdom of Saudi 
Arabia to Ras Al Khaimah in the north and across parts of the Musandam peninsula to the Gulf of Oman 
in the east. The UAE covers an area of 83,699 square kilometres in total. 
History 
There is evidence of human settlement dating back to around 120,000 years ago, located in what is now 
present-day Sharjah (which means "rising sun" in Arabic). Graveyards and adjacent settlements have been 
found which point to Neolithic communities who lived there from 11,000 years ago. As early as the second 
 
1 
While the terms "Federal" and "Federation" are used in this description, the term "Union" may be more accurate based upon the 
definition (ittihad) which the founding fathers of the UAE gave in the 1971 Provisional Constitution of the UAE (as amended). 
However, in line with common parlance, the terms "Federal" and "Federation" are used throughout this description.

--- Page 57 ---
- 40 - 
 
 
century AD, a map drawn by the Greek geographer Ptolemy indicated the settlement of Sarcoa (where 
present-day Sharjah is located). 
The arrival of envoys from the Prophet Muhammad (peace be upon him) in 630 AD also added to the rich 
cultural heritage of the region. 
Sharjah's modern history began around 1727, when the Al Qasimi clan took over the area of present-day 
Sharjah and declared the polity independent. While European powers competed for regional supremacy 
during the eighteenth century (in order to control the lucrative trade routes in and around the Arabian Gulf), 
a local power, the Qawasim, was gathering strength. At the beginning of the nineteenth century, the 
Qawasim had built up a fleet of over 60 large vessels and could put nearly 20,000 sailors to sea, eventually 
provoking a British offensive to control the maritime trade routes between the Arabian Gulf and India. 
Following the defeat of the Qawasim by the British, Sharjah and the other emirates of the current UAE each 
entered into a separate treaty with the British. Such a treaty was also motivated by a sense of resistance to 
the growing Ottoman imperial influence, which was beginning to make its presence felt in the area. Thus, 
on 8 January 1820, Sheikh Sultan bin Saqr Al Qasimi signed the General Maritime Treaty with Great 
Britain. The emirates eventually became collectively known as the Trucial States or Sheikhdoms and the 
area was generally known as the Trucial Coast. The Sheikhdoms were each led by a Sheikh, who typically 
belonged to the most influential tribe in that area (being the Al Qasimi dynasty in the case of Sharjah). In 
Sharjah, alongside fishing and trading, pearling was a primary income-generating industry that lasted into 
the late 1940s. The first international airport on the Trucial Coast was established in Sharjah in 1932. 
The British remained in the area until their withdrawal from the region in 1971. Steps were then taken by 
the rulers of the seven emirates to bring the individual Sheikhdoms together into a single Federation. This 
resulted in the formation of the Federation by six of the seven emirates of the UAE (including Sharjah) in 
December 1971, with Ras Al Khaimah joining in February 1972. 
In May 1976, the seven emirates agreed to merge their armed forces. In 1979, the ruler of Dubai, 
H.H. Sheikh Rashid bin Saeed Al Maktoum, became Prime Minister of the Federal Government. 
H.H. Sheikh Zayed bin Sultan Al Nahyan of Abu Dhabi served as President of the UAE from 1971 until 
his death in November 2004. He was succeeded by his son, H.H. Sheikh Khalifa bin Zayed Al Nahyan, as 
ruler of Abu Dhabi and President of the UAE until his death in May 2022. H.H. Sheikh Khalifa bin Zayed 
Al Nahyan was succeeded by H.H. Sheikh Mohamed bin Zayed Al Nahyan in May 2022. 
Population 
According to preliminary figures from the Federal Competitiveness and Statistics Centre (the "FCSC"), the 
UAE had a population of approximately 10.7 million in 2023. The population of the UAE has grown 
significantly since 1975, reflecting an influx of foreign labour, principally from the Indian subcontinent, as 
the emirates have developed. 
The table below illustrates this growth since 1975. 
 
Sharjah 
population 
Total UAE 
population  
1975 ......................................................................................................................................... 
78,790 
557,887 
1980 ......................................................................................................................................... 
159,317 
1,042,099 
1985 ......................................................................................................................................... 
228,317 
1,379,303 
2005 ......................................................................................................................................... 
793,573 
4,106,247 
2015 ......................................................................................................................................... 
1,408,699 
9,104,000 
2022 ......................................................................................................................................... 
1,820,392* 
N/A 
 _______________  
Source: FCSC; Government internal sources, official census data for 1975, 1980, 1985, 2005, 2015 and 2022* 
*preliminary data subject to revision 
In January 2017, the Sharjah Department of Statistics and Community Development published the Sharjah 
Census 2015. The official total population of Sharjah was 1,408,699 in 2015. The most recent census, 
started in September 2022, preliminarily indicates that Sharjah's population had risen to 1.8 million in 2022. 
According to the latest information released by the Government in 2023, UAE nationals officially make up 
11.5 per cent. of the Emirate's population. In keeping with the rest of the UAE, expatriates resident in 
Sharjah are mainly from the Indian subcontinent and other Arab countries.

--- Page 58 ---
- 41 - 
 
 
Education and training are an important strategic focus for the Emirate (see "The Economy of Sharjah — 
Infrastructure — Education" below). Based on the detailed analysis released following Sharjah Census 
2015, for the population aged 10 or more, approximately 26.8 per cent. of the active population had 
university or equivalent level degrees and a further 39.5 per cent. had completed secondary education. A 
new census was started in September 2022. The detailed results of the census will be published once 
available. For the 2023-2024 academic year, American University of Sharjah had a headcount of 5,876 
students and University of Sharjah had a headcount of 18,594 students. The Government believes that one 
of its key future challenges will be the creation of jobs for the local population and has undertaken initiatives 
with the Federal Government to educate and motivate young UAE nationals to join the workforce, with a 
particular emphasis on the private sector (see "The Economy of Sharjah — Infrastructure — Education" 
below). 
Relationship between the UAE Constitution and Sharjah 
The UAE Constitution 
The original constitution of the UAE (the "Constitution") was provisional and established the legal 
framework for the Federation. The Constitution was made permanent pursuant to a constitutional 
amendment in May 1996 (which also confirmed Abu Dhabi as the permanent capital of the UAE). 
The major principle articulated by the Constitution in relation to the separation of powers between the 
Federation and the individual emirates is that, on specific legislative and executive matters (or solely 
legislative matters), competencies were conferred on the Federation, with each individual emirate 
remaining sovereign within its own territory on all residuary matters. 
Accordingly, pursuant to Articles 120 and 121 of the Constitution, the Federal Government has exclusive 
legislative and executive competence in relation to: foreign affairs; national security and defence; 
nationality and immigration; finance, taxation and public borrowing of the Federal Government; education; 
public health; postal, telephone and other communications services; and air traffic control and the licensing 
of aircraft. The UAE's monetary and exchange rate policy is also managed on a Federal basis by the UAE 
Central Bank. See further "Monetary and Financial System" below. 
Similarly, pursuant to Article 121 of the Constitution, the Federation has exclusive legislative (but not 
executive) competence in relation to, for example, labour relations, banks, insurance, major codal 
legislation, intellectual property protection, the delimitation of territorial waters, the extradition of criminals 
and the establishment and regulation of free trade zones. In relation to these competencies, the 
implementation of the Federal legislation is left to the executive authorities of each emirate. 
Article 122 of the Constitution confirms that "the Emirates shall have competence in relation to all matters 
where the Federation does not hold exclusive competence in accordance with the provisions of the 
preceding two Articles". 
Accordingly, the governments of the individual emirates retain flexibility in the governance and 
management of their own emirates. Examples of the sectors for which the Government has retained 
responsibility include its customs controls, local planning authorities and tourism. The natural resources 
and wealth in each emirate are considered to be the public property of that emirate. 
Federal Supreme Council 
The UAE is governed by the Supreme Council of the rulers of each of the emirates (the "Supreme 
Council"). This is the highest Federal governing body and consists of the rulers of the seven emirates. The 
Supreme Council elects, from its own membership, the President and the Vice President of the UAE (each 
for renewable five-year terms). The Supreme Council is vested with legislative as well as executive powers. 
It ratifies Federal laws and decrees, plans general policy and approves the appointment, resignation or 
dismissal of the Prime Minister. 
In 1971, the then-ruler of Abu Dhabi, H.H. Sheikh Zayed bin Sultan Al Nahyan, was elected as the first 
President of the UAE and was re-elected President for successive five-year terms until his death in 
November 2004. In 1971, the then-ruler of Dubai, H.H. Sheikh Rashid bin Saeed Al Maktoum, was elected 
as the first Vice-President of the UAE and continued as Vice-President until his death in 1990. Both were 
succeeded by their respective Crown Princes, H.H. Sheikh Khalifa bin Zayed al Nahyan, who became ruler 
of the emirate of Abu Dhabi in 2004, and H.H. Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, who became

--- Page 59 ---
- 42 - 
 
 
the ruler of the emirate of Dubai in 2006 (after having succeeded his brother, Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid 
Al Maktoum, who served as Ruler of Dubai following the death of H.H. Sheikh Rashid bin Saeed Al 
Maktoum); and were elected by the members of the Supreme Council to become, respectively, President 
(for the ruler of Abu Dhabi) and Vice-President (for the ruler of Dubai) of the UAE. H.H. Sheikh Khalifa 
bin Zayed Al Nahyan was succeeded by H.H. Sheikh Mohamed bin Zayed Al Nahyan in May 2022. 
H.H. The Ruler has represented Sharjah in the Supreme Council since becoming the ruler of Sharjah in 
1972. 
Federal Council of Ministers 
The Federal Council of Ministers (the "Cabinet") is described in the Constitution as "the executive 
authority" for the Federation and is responsible for implementing policy decisions of the Supreme Council. 
The Cabinet is the principal executive body of the Federation. Based in Abu Dhabi, the Cabinet is headed 
by the Prime Minister (H.H. Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum) and consists of his two Deputy 
Prime Ministers (H.H. Sheikh Saif bin Zayed Al Nahyan and H.H. Sheikh Mansour bin Zayed Al Nahyan) 
and other ministers. These ministers are normally selected (for no fixed term) by the President of the 
Supreme Council on the recommendation of the Prime Minister. The Constitution defines the competencies 
of the Cabinet, which include the issuing of regulations, the preparation of draft laws and the drawing up 
of the annual Federal budget. 
Federal National Council 
The Federal National Council is a parliamentary body which comprises 40 members, all of whom are UAE 
nationals. Each emirate appoints members for a particular number of seats based on the emirate's population 
and geographical size. Abu Dhabi and Dubai have eight members each, Sharjah and Ras Al Khaimah have 
six members each and the other emirates have four members each. The nomination of representative 
members is left to the discretion of each emirate, and the members' legislative term is four calendar years. 
The members represent the UAE as a whole rather than their individual emirates. 
Presided over by a speaker, or two deputy speakers, elected from amongst its members, the Federal National 
Council has both a legislative and a supervisory role under the Constitution. This means that it is responsible 
for examining and, as appropriate, amending or rejecting all proposed Federal legislation, and is empowered 
to summon and to question any Federal minister regarding ministry performance. One of the main duties 
of the Federal National Council is to discuss the annual budget of the UAE. Although the Federal National 
Council can monitor and debate government policy, it has no veto or amendment power and cannot initiate 
any legislation by itself, and its amendments to, or rejection of, draft legislation placed before it can 
ultimately be overridden by the Supreme Council. 
In 2006, reforms were made with a view to enhancing public participation in indirect elections to the Federal 
National Council. Under these reforms, the ruler of each emirate will select an electoral college whose 
members should be at least 100 times the number of Federal National Council members for that emirate. 
The members of each college elect half of the Federal National Council members for their emirate, with 
the remainder being appointed by the relevant ruler. 
Soft Power Council 
The Soft Power Council reports directly to the UAE Cabinet and leads Sharjah's national agenda by defining 
a comprehensive strategy to reinforce the country's position with governments and citizens around the world 
and develops a soft power strategy for the state, including in fields of science, culture, technology, 
humanitarian work and the economy.  
Legal and Court System 
There are three primary sources of law in the UAE, namely: 
• 
Federal laws and decrees applicable in all seven emirates; 
• 
local laws, i.e., laws and regulations enacted by the emirates individually; and 
• 
Shari'a (Islamic) law.

--- Page 60 ---
- 43 - 
 
 
The secondary form of law is trade custom or practice. In the absence of Federal legislation on areas 
specifically reserved to Federal authority, the ruler or local government of each emirate will apply his or its 
own rules, regulations and practices. 
The Federal judiciary, whose independence is guaranteed under the Constitution, includes the Federal 
Supreme Court and Courts of First Instance of each emirate. The Federal Supreme Court consists of five 
judges appointed by the Supreme Council. The judges decide on the constitutionality of Federal laws and 
arbitrate on inter-emirate disputes and disputes between the Federal Government and the emirates. 
In accordance with the Constitution, three of the seven emirates (Dubai, Abu Dhabi and Sharjah) have 
elected to maintain their own court system, separate from that of the UAE, and these courts have sole 
jurisdiction to hear cases brought in the respective emirates. 
Sharjah's judicial system mirrors the structure of the Federal judicial system and is comprised of a Court of 
First Instance, a Court of Appeal and a Court of Cassation. 
International Relations 
Pursuant to Article 120 of the Constitution, foreign policy and international relations are a Federal matter 
and, accordingly, Sharjah has no ability to enter into direct agreements with foreign governments other 
than, under certain conditions, "limited agreements of a local and administrative nature" with neighbouring 
states. 
The foreign policy of the UAE is based upon a set of guiding principles laid down by the UAE's first 
President, H.H. Sheikh Zayed bin Sultan Al Nahyan. He derived these principles from his belief in the need 
for justice in international dealings between states, including the necessity of adhering to the principle of 
non-interference in the internal affairs of others and the pursuit, wherever possible, of peaceful resolution 
of disputes, together with support for international institutions, such as the United Nations (the "UN"). 
Within the Arabian Gulf region, and in the broader Arab world, the UAE has sought to enhance co-operation 
and to resolve disagreement through the pursuit of dialogue. Accordingly, one of the central features of the 
country's foreign policy has been the development of closer ties with its neighbours in the Arabian 
Peninsula. The Co-operation Council for the Arab States of the Arabian Gulf (colloquially known as the 
Gulf Co-operation Council) (the "GCC") region, which comprises the UAE, the State of Kuwait, the 
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, the Kingdom of Bahrain, the State of Qatar and the Sultanate of Oman, was 
founded at a summit conference held in Abu Dhabi, in May 1981. 
At the broader level of the Arab world as a whole, the UAE is committed to building a sense of common 
purpose among both its people and its governments and, to this end, has supported the strengthening of 
common institutions, such as the Arab League. Beyond the Arab world, the UAE has pursued a policy of 
seeking, wherever possible, to build friendly relations with other nations, both in the developing and in the 
industrialised world. The UAE also maintains cordial relations with other regional states and has established 
good relations with the United States, China and the European Union as well as with various developing 
nations in Africa and many of the countries of the former Soviet Union. 
Since the establishment of the UAE, the country has played an active role in the provision of financial aid 
to developing countries and has been a contributor of emergency relief to countries and areas affected by 
conflict and natural disasters. Countries that have benefited in recent years from the UAE's financial aid 
include Pakistan, Palestine, Syria, Sudan, the Republic of Yemen, Bahrain and Egypt. The philosophy 
behind the aid policy is two-fold: first, the provision of help for the needy is a duty incumbent on all 
Muslims; and second, the country's policy on utilisation of the revenues from its oil and gas production has 
always included a component that they should be devoted, in part, to helping other countries that have fewer 
natural resources. 
The UAE is also an active participant in a number of multilateral aid-giving institutions, including the 
International Bank for Reconstruction and Development, the IMF, the International Development Agency 
and regional bodies such as OPEC, the Fund for International Development, the Arab Gulf Fund for the 
UN, the Arab Bank for Economic Development in Africa, the Abu Dhabi based Arab Monetary Fund and 
the Islamic Development Bank. In addition, the UAE is a member of various other international 
organisations including, inter alia, the GCC, the UN, the Arab League, the Organisation of Islamic 
Countries, OPEC, the World Health Organisation (the "WHO"), the International Organisation for 
Industrial Development, the World Trade Organisation and the Asia-Pacific Economic Co-operation.

--- Page 61 ---
- 44 - 
 
 
The UAE currently has an impasse with the Islamic Republic of Iran and the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia 
over certain border issues. Since 1971, the three Arabian Gulf islands of Abu Musa and Greater and Lesser 
Tunb have been occupied by Iranian forces. The UAE believes that the islands should be returned to Sharjah 
and Ras Al Khaimah, respectively, which claim sovereignty over them, and is seeking to resolve the dispute 
through bilateral negotiations or a reference to international arbitration. The UAE renewed its demand for 
an end to Iran's occupation of these islands in September 2022. 
The UAE is also seeking, through negotiation, to resolve issues related to the 1974 provisional and, as yet, 
unratified agreement with the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia on the border between the two countries. 
The UAE, along with other Arab states, participated in the Saudi Arabian led intervention in Yemen, which 
began in 2015. The intervention was in response to requests for assistance from the internationally 
recognised but domestically contested Yemeni government of President Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi. The 
request was due to a Houthi tribal offensive, aimed at Yemen's provisional capital of Aden. 
The UAE also joined another Saudi Arabian-led coalition of 34 largely Muslim nations formed in December 
2015 to combat Islamic extremism, in particular Islamic State (also known variously as Daesh, ISIS or 
ISIL). 
On 5 June 2017, Saudi Arabia, the UAE and Bahrain announced that they would close their airspace and 
territorial waters with Qatar within 24 hours of the release of the announcement. Saudi Arabia also closed 
its land border with Qatar, which is Qatar's only land border. Saudi Arabia, the UAE, Bahrain and Egypt 
also ended diplomatic ties with Qatar. Yemen, Jordan, Libya, Comoros, Senegal and Mauritania also joined 
the Saudi-led group shortly thereafter and several other countries including Chad, Djibouti, Maldives and 
Niger announced that they had downgraded their diplomatic ties with Qatar. On 5 January 2021, the UAE, 
Saudi Arabia, Bahrain and Egypt agreed to restore diplomatic relations with Qatar. Leaders of the six Gulf 
Cooperation Council member states signed the Al Ula Declaration, lifting the embargo on Qatar and 
establishing the renewal of diplomatic and economic relations. It remains unclear how the Al Ula 
Declaration will be implemented and, although the UAE has announced the re-opening of its land, air and 
sea borders to Qatar, it is still unclear if and when border controls will reach pre-June 2017 levels. In 
addition, Qatar has issued a number of claims against the UAE, Saudi Arabia, Egypt and Bahrain since the 
blockade. For example, in July 2020, Qatar Airways commenced proceedings against this bloc of countries 
seeking damages of at least U.S.$5.0 billion. Other claims have been in relation to, amongst others, 
suspension of postal services and pharmaceutical investments as a result of the blockade against Qatar. It 
is not yet known whether Qatar will withdraw these claims against the UAE. 
COVID-19 Impact and Response measures Adopted in the UAE and Sharjah 
Governments in the UAE took significant steps to address the complex public health and economic impacts 
of the COVID-19 pandemic. On 14 September 2020, the UAE announced the emergency approval for the 
use of the COVID-19 vaccine, subsequently offering a range of vaccines to its citizens and residents free 
of charge and on an optional basis. 
During the course of 2020, the Federal Government enacted several measures to limit the spread of the 
virus, including closure of schools, nurseries, shopping malls, parks, dine-in restaurants, and various tourist 
attractions. The Federal Government implemented a six-month suspension of work permit fees to cut the 
cost of doing business, support SMEs and accelerate major infrastructure projects. As part of their National 
Epidemic Control Plan, the Federal Government also imposed wide-ranging travel restrictions (including 
grounding of flights and halting visa issuance), which had an adverse impact on tourism, suspended prayers 
at mosques and other large gatherings, and enacted teleworking arrangements in government offices and 
obliged employers to provide the necessary technical tools to perform work remotely. The Federal 
Government also launched an "Early Leave" initiative for all expatriate private sector employees. Most of 
these restrictions have been since lifted. 
In Sharjah, the Government introduced a range of measures across various sectors intended to mitigate the 
economic impacts of the operating restrictions put in place across the UAE and, in November 2020, the 
Government of Sharjah approved a stimulus package of approximately AED 512.0 million. The package 
included incentives to support the government, private entities, businesses and individuals, boost business 
continuity and mitigate the overall economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
The COVID-19 pandemic had a significant impact on supply chain, logistics and transportation. In response 
to this, the Emirates Food Security Council developed mechanisms to ensure a steady and sustainable food

--- Page 62 ---
- 45 - 
 
 
supply to the UAE such as increasing the total food inventory for long periods by 30 per cent. Additionally, 
the UAE Ministry of Community Development and Ministry of Economy collaborated to launch the Al 
Meer Initiative to provide essential food supplies to 12,000 vulnerable and foreign workers. 
Effective from 15 March 2020, the UAE Central Bank implemented the Temporary Economic Support 
Scheme (the "TESS"), which included a range of measures aimed at mitigating the economic effects of 
COVID-19 within the UAE. Such measures included allowing banks operating in the UAE access to loans 
and advances extended from the UAE Central Bank at zero cost against collateral to be used by the banks 
to grant temporary loan deferral relief to private sector corporate and SME customers and retail clients. In 
addition (subject to the terms of the TESS), banks were allowed to tap into the capital conservation buffer 
up to a maximum of 60 per cent. without supervisory consequences and the domestic systemically important 
banks (the "D-SIBs") were allowed to use 100 per cent. of their D-SIB buffer without supervisory 
consequences (in each case, until 15 March 2021). 
In total, the UAE Central Bank announced AED 256 billion (approximately 22 per cent. of GDP in 2019) 
TESS measures which comprised of: (i) halving of banks' required reserve requirements from 14 per cent. 
to 7 per cent.; (ii) zero-interest rate collateralised loans to banks (AED 50 billion); (iii) allowing the use of 
banks' excess capital buffers (AED 50 billion); (iv) 15 to 25 per cent. reduction in provisioning for SME 
loans; (v) increase of loan-to-value ratio for first-time home buyers by 5 percentage points; (vi) limiting 
bank fees for SMEs; (vii) waiver of all payment service fees charged by the UAE Central Bank for six 
months; (viii) raising the limit on banks' exposure to the real estate sector to 30 per cent. of risk-weighted 
assets, subject to adequate provisioning; and (ix) allowing banks to defer loan repayments until the end of 
2020. 
On 8 August 2020, the UAE Central Bank announced further measures to facilitate banks' lending to the 
economy and the relaxation of the Net Stable Funding Ratio and the Advances to Stable Resources Ratio 
effective through the end of 2021 (source: IMF – Policy Responses to COVID-19). On 16 November 2020, 
the UAE Central Bank announced the TESS would be extended until 30 June 2021 to continue to support 
individuals and businesses affected by COVID-19. In April 2021, the UAE Central Bank announced that a 
number of measures would be extended until 31 December 2021 and in some instances 30 June 2022. The 
measures that were extended to 30 June 2022 included temporary lowering of the capital conservation 
buffer and the capital buffer for systemically important domestic banks as well as temporary prudential 
relief with respect to the liquidity coverage ratio, eligible liquid assets ratio, net stable funding ratio, and 
advances to stable resources ratio. The programme to support new lending and financing also continued 
until 30 June 2022. The remainder of the measures under TESS ended on 30 June 2022. 
Impact of the COVID-19 Pandemic 
While the economic and fiscal costs of COVID-19 cannot be fully disaggregated from other factors, it is 
clear that COVID-19 had a significant adverse impact on Sharjah as well as on many other countries. This 
is reflected in Sharjah's various economic indicators and financial data for 2020, 2021 and 2022. These 
indicators broadly show a pattern of re-emerging steady economic growth from 2021, following a 
contraction in 2020. 
The Government 
The relationship between the Federal Government and the governments of each emirate in the UAE is laid 
down in the Constitution, which allows for a degree of flexibility in the distribution of authority and 
executive responsibilities. The Constitution states that each emirate shall exercise all powers not assigned 
to the Federation. Each emirate has its own local government, consisting of departments or authorities, so 
that each emirate retains sufficient political and financial autonomy. 
The legislative and executive powers of the government in Sharjah lie primarily with the ruler, supported 
by the deputy rulers and the Sharjah Executive Council (the "SEC"). The ruler of Sharjah is H.H. Sheikh 
Dr. Sultan bin Mohammed Al Qasimi ("H.H. The Ruler"), who was appointed Ruler of Sharjah on 
25 January 1972. H.H. Sheikh Sultan Bin Mohammed bin Sultan Al Qasimi assumed the title of Crown 
Prince in 1999. H.H. the Crown Prince holds the titles of Deputy Ruler of Sharjah and Chairman of the 
SEC. 
The ruler's office provides support and advice to H.H. The Ruler in all his functions as the ceremonial and 
functional head of the Government. H.H. The Ruler delegates certain day-to-day aspects of the management 
of Sharjah's Government and its dependencies to the SEC. As Chairman of the SEC, the Crown Prince

--- Page 63 ---
- 46 - 
 
 
oversees the implementation of all strategies and plans of governmental bodies and departments. In an effort 
to increase public participation in politics, the Sharjah Consultative Council (the "SCC") was established 
in 1999 by Emiri Decree No. 3. Like the UAE's Federal National Council, the SCC works closely with the 
SEC in reviewing legislation and the accountability of Government agencies on issues of policy. In January 
2016, for the first time, elections were held for registered Sharjah citizens to elect half of the 42 members 
of the SCC. 
The various departments and other arms of the Government and their respective executives operate under 
the powers and responsibilities specifically delegated to them from time to time by H.H. The Ruler. The 
laws adopted in Sharjah are passed by virtue of a decree of H.H. The Ruler. 
The public sector of the Government consists of centralised departments and independent authorities. 
There are more than 70 centralised Government departments, including: 
• 
Directorate of Public Works; 
• 
Department of Culture and Information; 
• 
Finance Department; 
• 
Real Estate Registration Department; 
• 
Economic Development Department; 
• 
Sharjah Petroleum Council; 
• 
Sharjah Police; 
• 
Department of Customs; 
• 
Town Planning Department; 
• 
Department of Civil Aviation; and 
• 
Sharjah City Municipality 
Independent authorities in Sharjah, which are wholly or majority publicly owned but operate at arm's length 
from the Government and are often referred to as government-related entities ("GREs"), include: (i) Bee'ah 
(Sharjah Environment Company); (ii) Sharjah Commerce and Tourism Development Authority; 
(iii) Hamriyah Free Zone Authority; (iv) Sharjah Electricity, Water and Gas Authority ("SEWA"); 
(v) Sharjah Airport International Free Zone ("SAIF Zone"); (vi) the Sharjah Investment and Development 
Authority ("Shurooq") and (vii) the Department of Seaports. 
Established in 1992 by H.H. The Ruler, the Financial Control Department (the "FCD") is independent from 
the main public sector structures and is responsible for regulating and monitoring the financial activities of 
governmental bodies and departments in a capacity similar to that of an internal auditor, along with 
companies with direct or indirect government ownership of 20 per cent. or more. The FCD produces 
quarterly and annual reports which are presented to H.H. The Ruler. 
The Government has adopted a strategy for its economy, which is intended to complement the economic 
growth in other emirates such as Abu Dhabi and Dubai. There is a notable focus on citizen welfare and 
enrichment, with particular emphasis on the preservation and celebration of Islamic heritage and culture, 
and on education. The Government has created one of the most prestigious higher education campuses in 
"University City", which is still expanding with a new Islamic university, Al Qasimia University, having 
been officially opened in April 2015. The Emirate's tourism offering centres on its cultural offering, with 
religious and archaeological sites as well as over 20 museums, which culminated in the recognition of 
Sharjah as the Capital of Islamic Culture for 2014 by the Islamic Organization for Education, Science and 
Culture (ISESCO), the Capital of Arab Tourism for 2015 by the Arab Council of Tourism Ministers and as 
the World Book Capital for 2019 by UNESCO. The Government has sought to ensure the provision of 
high-quality healthcare, environmental improvement and employment opportunities for Sharjah citizens,

--- Page 64 ---
- 47 - 
 
 
with the Human Resources Department (a centralised department of the Government) placing citizens into 
public sector employment since 2005. 
As for economic development, Sharjah differs from some other GCC states in that the Government seeks 
to limit its direct participation in the economy and instead focus on creating a favourable business 
environment, attracting inward investment, expanding infrastructure to foster future growth and leveraging 
cultural heritage to economic advantage. As such, Sharjah has a private sector-driven economy, 
characterised by a large number of smaller companies. The Government created an Economic Department 
in 1981, subsequently merged in 1999 with the Industrial Development Department to create the Sharjah 
Economic Development Department (the "SEDD") to create a legal and regulatory environment conducive 
to business success and aimed at attracting foreign and domestic investment. SEDD's role includes working 
with the private sector to review areas such as improving efficiency in the public sector, expanding the 
scope of private ownership, increasing the pace of economic growth and easing the shift towards an open 
market economy. SEDD's strategy focuses on providing modern, streamlined services and regulation to 
businesses, with a particular focus on e-government, efficient licensing and fair and proportionate 
regulation and inspection. 
To further encourage economic development, the Government also created Shurooq in 2009 with the 
objective of attracting foreign direct investment in the Emirate (see further "The Economy of Sharjah — 
Foreign Direct Investment and Free Zones" below). 
The Government's fiscal stance is set out in its 2023 Fiscal Plan. The Government established the Debt 
Management Office (the "DMO") in 2012 to coordinate borrowing activity in the public sector (for further 
detail, see "Indebtedness" below). 
The Government's Economic Strategy 
Promoting Long-Term Sustainability 
The Government's economic strategy is focused on sustainable development, i.e. growing the economy in 
a manner that is socially beneficial, that can be maintained on a long-term basis and that protects the natural 
environment of the Emirate. The Government considers this crucial to the long-term prosperity of the 
Emirate. 
The Government's strategy has also been designed to ensure the Emirate's continued resilience to short- and 
medium-term economic shocks. The UAE economy is in a period of relative uncertainty and heightened 
financial and macro risk, primarily arising from lower global prices for hydrocarbons. Meanwhile, 
geopolitical risks have evolved significantly and present new considerations (see "Risk Factors — Risks 
relating to Sharjah and the UAE"). In this environment, the Government's focus on sustainable long-term 
development provides resilience through the Emirate's: 
• 
relatively low reliance on volatile sectors (real estate, hydrocarbons) for economic activity and 
Government revenues; 
• 
well established concentrations of economic activity in more stable sectors; 
• 
attraction of new companies and foreign investment; 
• 
high-quality infrastructure and public services; 
• 
low commercial exposure to volatile sectors through GREs and investments; 
• 
diverse sources of revenue and ability to reduce expenditure (if necessary); and 
• 
low contingent liabilities. 
2023 Fiscal Plan 
In January 2023, the Government announced the Fiscal Plan. The Government has traditionally operated 
under an annual budgetary cycle, coordinated by the Sharjah Finance Department. Through the Fiscal Plan, 
the Government for the first time set out its multi-year, medium term-financial plans. The Government 
plans to balance the primary budget (the budget excluding interest expense on indebtedness) by 2027 and 
until at least 2030. The Fiscal Plan also details various policy measures, planned budgetary limits and the

--- Page 65 ---
- 48 - 
 
 
expected economic and regulatory developments in terms of their impact on revenues and expenditures 
between 2023 and 2030. The Fiscal Plan is attached as an appendix to this Base Prospectus. The Fiscal Plan 
also contains a fiscal forecast of how the Government expects its revenues and expenditures to evolve 
between 2023 and 2030. This fiscal forecast is subject to a degree of uncertainty and contains a number of 
assumptions. Some of the measures in the fiscal forecast are still under development and remain subject to 
revision of the applicable policy or the expected financial effect. In addition, the Government may choose 
to bring forward additional policy changes that may affect this forecast. This forecast and other forward 
looking information contained in the Fiscal Plan are subject to the same qualifications and uncertainties as 
the other forward looking statements in this Base Prospectus. See "Cautionary Statement Regarding 
Forward Looking Statements" and "Risk Factors – Risks Relating to Sharjah and the UAE – The 
Government's Fiscal Plan may not be successful". 
The budgetary performance data included in this Base Prospectus shows that the Government's total budget 
deficit was AED 8.7 billion in 2023, compared with a forecast budget deficit of AED 8.4 billion in the 
January 2023 Fiscal Plan. With AED 4.0 billion in debt interest expenditure, the 2023 primary deficit – the 
Government's main policy focus – was AED 4.8 billion, slightly lower than the Fiscal Plan's forecast of 
AED 4.9 billion. 
Focus Areas for Development 
The Government envisages that sustainable economic growth will be determined by its success in fostering 
the development of the following areas of the economy and society of Sharjah: 
Real Estate and Urban Planning 
The Government has set out an "urban masterplan", focusing on alleviating traffic and reducing urban 
pollution within the Emirate as well as creating new residential areas to accommodate the expected 
population growth that will come with sustained economic prosperity. Key components of this masterplan 
include: 
• 
relocating inner city industrial areas to create new zones on the periphery of the city with better 
infrastructure access, such as Souq Al Haraj new and used car trading zone, Al Sajaa Industrial 
Oasis, Emirates Industrial City and Al Hanoo Industrial City; 
• 
expanding the Hamriyah Free Zone and its transport links to highway E311; 
• 
developing new residential districts through traditional zonal development in areas such as 
Rahmania, and more heavily master planned developments such as Al Jada, Maryam Island, Al 
Zahia and Tilal City; and 
• 
undertaking major, coordinated real estate developments in prime locations in the Dubai corridor. 
See further "The Economy of Sharjah — Principal Sectors of the Economy" below. 
Logistics and Infrastructure 
Infrastructure development is considered to be a key enabler for the Emirate's future economic growth and 
social connectivity. Sharjah is well connected to the other emirates through a series of parallel major multi-
lane highways, has comprehensive telecommunication facilities and offers three significant sea ports. The 
Emirate is also the location of the UAE's third-largest airport, Sharjah International Airport ("SIA"), and is 
adjacent to the world's busiest airport, Dubai International Airport. Several key infrastructure developments 
are under way, including the expansion of SIA and road links (see "The Economy of Sharjah — 
Infrastructure" below). 
Tourism 
The Emirates Tourism Council aims to strengthen the tourism portfolio as part of the recovery plan, 
complemented by the launch of the National Tourism Strategy 2031. One of the key aims of the 
Government's economic strategy is to solidify the Emirate's position as an ideal family tourism destination 
and cultural hub in the GCC region. In 2023, there were 1.52 million hotel guests, compared to 1.24 million 
hotel guests in 2022 and 1.18 million hotel guests in 2021. This number remains lower than pre-COVID-

--- Page 66 ---
- 49 - 
 
 
19 hotel guests of 1.79 million in 2019. In recognition of the Government's achievements to date, the 
Emirate was named the "2015 Capital of Arab Tourism" by the Arab Council of Tourism Ministers. 
Sharjah hosts several well-known and popular annual events including the Sharjah International Book Fair, 
Sharjah Light Festival, Sharjah Water Festival and Sharjah Heritage Days. Moreover, Shurooq undertakes 
joint venture developments with private sector partners to promote the growth of tourism and tourism 
related commercial activity in the Emirate through the development of world-class tourism facilities and 
investment in, among other things, tourism-related projects. For a summary of recent projects, see "The 
Economy of Sharjah — Principal Sectors of the Economy — Social Accommodation and Food Service" 
below. 
The UN Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization ("UNESCO") named Sharjah as World Book 
Capital in 2019, under its World Book Capital programme, an initiative launched in 1996 that seeks to 
promote publishing activities on local and global levels by nominating an annual capital. The programme 
aims to promote peace, cultural enrichment, and intercultural dialogue through education, communication 
and the sharing of information. The House of Wisdom, a 12,000m2 physical and digital library and cultural 
space located adjacent to Sharjah's University City opened in December 2020, is a lasting monument to the 
World Book Capital accolade. 
Education 
The development of the Emirate's education system has been a key priority for the Government, which has 
led to significant investments in human capital, founded on the belief that an educated population is vital 
to the long-term growth of the Emirate's economy. 
The Emirate is aiming to establish itself as a regional centre for educational excellence and, in order to 
achieve this, the Government has invested significantly in this area in recent years. For a summary of such 
investment, see "The Economy of Sharjah — Infrastructure — Education" below. 
Energy and Environment 
The Government regulates and monitors, among other things, the management, operation and maintenance 
of the Emirate's electricity and water assets and facilities to ensure that present and future consumer 
demands for water and power services are properly met through sustainable planning and development, and 
to ensure that local water and electricity projects are managed and operated in line with international best 
practices and applicable environmental laws. 
The UAE has established a number of sustainability programmes and strategy, including among others, the 
UAE Centennial 2071 Programme, UAE-wide strategies focusing on environmental protection and 
enhancement and UAE-wide strategies focusing on human and social development. In addition, the UAE 
hosted the 2023 UN Climate Change Conference ("COP28") in November 2023.  
One of the key UAE-strategies that focuses on environmental protection and enhancement is the UAE's 
Energy Strategy 2050, which aims to reduce the UAE's carbon footprint, increase the use of clean energy 
and increase consumption efficiency. The UAE seeks to become a global hub of the new green economy, 
allowing it to integrate sustainability principles with long-term economic growth. Additionally, the UAE is 
emerging as a regional leader in renewable energy, particularly solar energy and is also focused on 
developing blue and green hydrogen as the fuel of the future. Sustainability is also at the heart of the vision 
of SEWA, as demonstrated by the implementation of: 
• 
a drive for energy efficiency, with SEWA encouraging all customers to cut power consumption by 
30 per cent.; 
• 
investment in network efficiency to cut power losses; 
• 
higher fuel standards benefiting local air quality as well as boosting operational performance; and 
• 
the revision of electricity and water tariffs in order to incentivise energy conservation. 
SEWA is also empowered to establish clean energy companies and to enter into joint ventures with 
companies in the field of renewable and alternative energy. 
For further detail, see "The Economy of Sharjah — Infrastructure — Utilities" below.

--- Page 67 ---
- 50 - 
 
 
Sharjah contributes to the UAE's sustainability initiatives through a number of projects. For example, 
Sharjah was designated as the first healthy city in the MENA region by the World Health Organisation in 
2015 and has implemented the Eskan Housing Programme to support local citizens' housing needs. The 
Sobat Greenhouses Project in Al Dhaid aims to create developmental and agricultural communities and 
produce high-quality organic agricultural products. Sharjah Sustainable City is being developed, which 
would be the first mixed-use residential project in Sharjah that is expected to be 100 per cent. powered by 
solar energy and recycle 100 per cent. of its water and waste.  
Sharjah is a regional leader in moving to more sustainable waste management practices. The Government 
established and holds a minority stake in Bee'ah, an environmental services company responsible for waste 
collection, treatment and disposal in most parts of the Emirate. Working closely with Bee'ah, the 
Government has set a goal of eliminating waste sent to landfills. This is being achieved through greater 
source separation of waste, intelligent waste collection systems, sorting technologies to recover materials 
and the construction of the GCC's first waste to energy plant. Bee'ah has been able to achieve a waste 
diversion rate of more than 76 per cent. and the Government intends to continue its successful partnership 
with Bee'ah in Sharjah. In addition, the Sharjah Waste to Energy plant is the first project in a joint venture 
established with Bee'ah and Masdar, one of the world's leading renewable energy companies. This facility 
is expected to divert over 300,000 tonnes of non-recyclable waste away from landfills each year and 
generate 30 MW of clean energy, powering up to 28,000 homes. In addition, to support UAE efforts to 
enhance the low-carbon energy mix and treat non-recyclable waste, the project aims to achieve the goal of 
zero waste and carbon neutrality in Sharjah.  
Health 
Although public healthcare for UAE nationals is a Federal responsibility, the Government plays an 
important role in encouraging development of the private healthcare sector in the Emirate, as part of a 
broader strategy to enhance public health among all residents. In 2012, the Government established the 
Sharjah Healthcare City free zone, designed to capitalise on regional demand for high-quality health 
services and to attract investment from experienced healthcare providers from the UAE and overseas. 
In recognition of the Government's efforts and achievements in developing public health policy in the 
Emirate, in September 2015, Sharjah City was designated as the Middle East's first Healthy City by the 
WHO. According to the WHO, a Healthy City is one that "continually creates and improves its physical 
and social environments and expands the community resources that enable people to mutually support each 
other in performing all the functions of life, and developing to their maximum potential". The Emirate met 
88 per cent. of the accreditation criteria in September 2015, surpassing the 80 per cent. qualifying threshold 
set by the WHO. 
UAE Food Security Strategy 
In 2017, the Federal Government established the Ministry of Food and Water Security, which focuses on 
food waste, nutrition and trade. In 2019, the Federal Government established the Food Security Council to 
ensure sustainable food supply to the UAE. In addition, the National Food Strategy 2051 aims to position 
the UAE as the world's leader in the Global Security Index by 2051. The National Food Strategy 2051 has 
38 key initiatives and five strategic goals, which include diversifying food import sources and identifying 
alternative food supply sources. As the UAE still imports 90 per cent. of its food needs, it has placed 
agriculture, aquaculture and the employment of cutting-edge technology in these sectors as essential in 
consolidating its food security strategy and to incentivise domestic agricultural production. The UAE is 
also a major importer of Ukrainian wheat. The UAE started trade talks in December 2022 with Ukraine to 
establish a comprehensive economic partnership agreement with Ukraine to boost trade and investment 
globally.  
Ratings 
In July 2022, Moody's downgraded Sharjah's main credit rating from Baa3 to Ba1 but changed the rating 
outlook from negative to stable. The downgrade to Ba1 was driven by Moody's expectation of further 
significant deterioration in Sharjah's fiscal strength over the next few years, and the absence of a credible 
fiscal adjustment plan that could stop and eventually reverse the upward trend in Sharjah's debt burden and 
the weakening of its debt affordability metrics. The stable outlook reflected Moody's view that at the Ba1 
level the risks to Sharjah's ratings were balanced. On 27 January 2023, following the announcement of the 
Fiscal Plan, Moody's published a report noting that the announcement of a multi-year fiscal plan indicated 
a greater willingness to try and better balance social demands with fiscal and financial stability

--- Page 68 ---
- 51 - 
 
 
considerations, which Moody's believes will slow the accumulation of government debt. Moody's also 
noted that a multi-year plan demonstrates greater transparency in policy making, which is a credit positive. 
On 1 August 2023, Moody's released an update noting that Sharjah's narrow revenue base, limited track 
record of fiscal policy effectiveness, and rising debt burden are its key credit challenges. The note also 
reiterated its remarks of prior reports that the multiyear fiscal adjustment strategy announced in early 2023 
marks a potential turning point and indicates the Government's greater willingness to balance social 
demands against debt sustainability considerations. 
In November 2022, S&P affirmed the long- and short-term foreign and local currency sovereign credit 
rating of Sharjah at BBB- and A-3 respectively with a negative outlook. However, in January 2023, 
following the announcement of the Fiscal Plan, S&P revised its outlook on Sharjah from negative to stable 
and affirmed Sharjah's ratings at BBB- and A-3. The stable outlook balanced S&P's view that Sharjah 
would introduce sufficient measures to begin stabilising its debt burden over the next two years against 
risks that the implementation of the necessary expenditure controls and revenue-enhancing measures might 
be weaker than expected. S&P noted that it could lower Sharjah's ratings over the next two years if Sharjah's 
net debt burden rose sharply or if additional contingent liabilities materialised on Sharjah's balance sheet. 
However, S&P also noted that it could raise its ratings if Sharjah's fiscal performance significantly 
strengthened, evidenced by a sustainable reduction in net government debt levels. S&P affirmed the BBB- 
and A-3 ratings, as well as the stable outlooks, in its ratings action on 17 May 2024.  
There can be no assurance that Sharjah's credit ratings will not be subject to further downgrades or (in the 
case of S&P) fall below investment-grade status in the future. 
Business Address 
The address of the Sharjah Finance Department is Al Layyeh Suburb, P.O. Box 201 Sharjah, United Arab 
Emirates, and its telephone number is: +971 6 528 8880.

--- Page 69 ---
- 52 - 
 
 
THE ECONOMY OF SHARJAH 
Introduction 
Sharjah has a diverse economy, best known for its strength in industry and manufacturing. The economy 
of Sharjah benefits from Sharjah's membership of the UAE and its political and macroeconomic stability, 
its advantageous geographic location, its transport and logistical infrastructure, long-established economic 
clusters in economic free zones and industrial areas, broad-based economic development driven by small 
and medium-sized enterprises ("SMEs") and the private sector, relatively low costs of doing business, an 
increasingly well-educated local workforce and the Government's financial robustness. 
A founding member of the UAE, Sharjah benefits from the prevailing global view of the country as a stable 
and tolerant location that is open to trade, tourism and international business. It also benefits from the UAE's 
strong macroeconomic position and spending by the Federal Government on a range of key government 
functions, largely funded by fiscal transfers from the Government of Abu Dhabi. Within the UAE, Sharjah 
is unique in bordering all six other emirates and in holding seaboards on the country's west and east coasts. 
This central location has been exploited through the development of an extensive network of highways, 
container ports on both coasts and a growing international airport. 
In contrast to some states/countries in the GCC, the Government is not extensively involved directly in the 
major commercial sectors of the economy. It has minority shareholdings in some strategic enterprises and 
directly operates critical infrastructure, but otherwise seeks to encourage the private sector to lead economic 
growth. Clusters of specialisation have developed around the Emirate's 19 industrial areas and two 
established free zones, with many businesses growing up from the large number of SMEs, and the 
Government envisages future development in sectors such as tourism, healthcare, environmental industries, 
logistics and education. Economic activity and growth have been spread broadly across economic sectors, 
and the economy remains well diversified. 
Gross Domestic Product 
Sharjah's GDP was relatively resilient to swings in the macroeconomic cycle in recent years, including the 
2008 global financial crisis (with nominal GDP falling in 2009 and subsequently returning to growth in 
2010) and the fall in commodity prices in 2015. However, similar to most global economies, the COVID-
19 pandemic led to negative growth in 2020 in the UAE and Sharjah, with a return to growth in 2021. 
This resilience was the result of the diversified nature of the Emirate's economy, relatively low public sector 
debt and relatively low dependence on and government exposure to more volatile sectors, such as 
hydrocarbons and real estate. In 2023, the Emirate's GDP increased (in nominal terms) to AED 145.2 billion 
(based on preliminary data subject to revision), as compared with AED 136.9 billion in 2022, representing 
a 6.5 per cent. increase from 2022 in nominal terms. The wholesale and retail trade sector is the largest 
sector of the Sharjah economy, accounting for 24.0 per cent. of its GDP in 2023, followed by the 
manufacturing sector, which accounted for 16.7 per cent. of GDP in 2023 based on preliminary data. 
The UAE has one of the largest economies in the MENA region, with nominal GDP of AED 1,888 billion 
in 2023. According to the FCSC, real GDP growth in the UAE was 1.1 per cent. in 2019, negative 4.9 per 
cent. in 2020, 4.3 per cent. in 2021 and 7.51 per cent in 2022. Real GDP growth in the UAE was estimated 
to be 3.0 per cent. in 2023. 
Sharjah's GDP per capita was approximately AED 74,942 in 2022. 
The following table shows the UAE and Sharjah GDP for the years indicated: 
 
2019 
(2019 
compared 
to 2020 % 
change) 
2020 
(2020 
compared 
to 2021 % 
change) 
2021 
(2021 
compared 
to 2022 % 
change) 
2022 
(2022 
compared 
to 2023 % 
change) 
2023* 
UAE Nominal GDP 
(AED billion) ..................  
1,535 
(16.4) 
1,283 
18.9 
1,525 
22.1 
1,862 
n/a 
n/a 
Sharjah Nominal GDP 
(AED billion) ..................  
125.1 
(0.5) 
 124.6 
4.4 
130.1 
4.9 
136.4 
6.5 
145.2 
 _______________  
Source: FCSC, DSCD 
*preliminary data subject to revision

--- Page 70 ---
- 53 - 
 
 
Since 2024, DSCD has produced GDP data in constant prices. This data series shows real-terms GDP 
growth in Sharjah of 5.1 per cent. in 2021, 3.7 per cent. in 2022 and a preliminary figure of 3.9 per cent. in 
2023. 
Sharjah's GDP growth has been largely driven by a diverse private sector, with over 105,000 companies 
registered in onshore and freezone jurisdictions, including more than 66,000 companies registered onshore 
(i.e. not in one of the free zones) by the SEDD, as shown in the table below. 
 
2019 
2020 
2021 
2022 
2023 
Number of Licences ............................  
59,924 
55,711 
60,299 
63,247 
66,365 
 _______________  
Source: SEDD. 
 
Principal Sectors of the Economy 
Sharjah's economy is well diversified without any single sector contributing more than 25 per cent. of GDP 
in 2023. Recent economic growth has been broad-based across multiple sectors. 
The following table sets out the contribution of each sector to the economy of Sharjah for the years 
indicated: 
 
2019 
% of 
total 
2020 
% of 
total 
2021 
% of 
total 
2022 
% of 
total 
2023* 
% of 
total 
 
(AED 
millions) 
 
(AED 
millions) 
 
(AED 
millions) 
 
(AED 
millions) 
 
(AED 
millions) 
 
Agriculture, Forestry and 
Fishing ..............................  
1,500 
1.2 
1,545 
1.2 
1,580 
1.2 
1,675 
1.2 
1,995 
1.4 
Mining and quarrying 
(includes crude oil and 
natural gas) .......................  
5,204 
4.2 
3,241 
2.6 
3,270 
2.5 
3,355 
2.5 
2,781 
1.9 
Manufacturing ......................  
20,321 
16.2 
21,231 
17.0 
21,875 
16.8 
22,576 
16.5 
24,295 
16.7 
Electricity, gas and water 
supply; waste management 
activities ...........................  
3,130 
2.5 
4,169 
3.3 
4,205 
3.2 
4,454 
3.3 
4,801 
3.3 
Construction .........................  
10,988 
8.8 
11,552 
9.3 
11,787 
9.1 
12,296 
9.0 
13,248 
9.1 
Wholesale and retail trade; 
repair of motor vehicles 
and motorcycles ................  
27,850 
22.3 
28,217 
22.7 
31,120 
23.9 
32,545 
23.9 
34,805 
24.0 
Transportation and storage ....  
7,527 
6.0 
6,205 
5.0 
6,525 
5.0 
6,835 
5.0 
7,232 
5.0 
Accommodation and food 
services activities ..............  
2,799 
2.2 
2,445 
2.0 
2,580 
2.0 
2,895 
2.1 
3,402 
2.3 
Information and 
communication .................  
1,040 
0.8 
1,062 
0.9 
1,120 
0.9 
1,170 
0.9 
1,254 
0.9 
Financial and insurance 
activities ...........................  
10,105 
8.1 
5,230 
4.2 
5,390 
4.1 
5,695 
4.2 
6,398 
4.4 
Real estate activities .............  
11,957 
9.6 
12,490 
10.0 
12,750 
9.8 
13,545 
9.9 
14,290 
9.8 
Professional, scientific and 
technical activities ............  
7,305 
5.8 
6,838 
5.5 
6,880 
5.3 
7,145 
5.2 
7,374 
5.1 
Administrative and support 
service activities ...............  
2,170 
1.7 
2,174 
1.7 
2,185 
1.7 
2,287 
1.7 
2,349 
1.6 
Public administration and 
defence; compulsory social 
security .............................  
4,942 
3.9 
9,241 
7.4 
9,571 
7.4 
10,205 
7.5 
10,735 
7.4 
Education ..............................  
3,215 
2.6 
3,346 
2.7 
3,475 
2.7 
3,699 
2.7 
3,905 
2.7 
Human health and social 
work activities ..................  
1,340 
1.1 
1,900 
1.5 
1,948 
1.5 
2,057 
1.5 
2,203 
1.5 
Arts, recreation and other 
service activities ...............  
2,850 
2.3 
2,821 
2.3 
2,955 
2.3 
3,092 
2.3 
3,255 
2.2 
Activities of households as 
employers .........................  
905 
0.7 
862 
0.7 
875 
0.7 
897 
0.7 
919 
0.6 
Total.....................................  
125,148 
 
124,567 
 
130,091 
 
136,423 
 
145,240 
 
Total Non-oil .......................  
119,944 
 
121,327 
 
126,821 
 
133,068 
 
142,459 
 
 _______________  
* Preliminary data subject to revision. 
Wholesale and retail trade 
The wholesale and retail trade sector is the largest measured sector of Sharjah's economy and contributed 
24.0 per cent. of Sharjah's nominal GDP in 2023 (based on preliminary data subject to revision), 
23.9 per cent. in 2022 and 2021, 22.7 per cent. in 2020 and 22.3 per cent. in 2019. 
The sector is primarily driven by the growth in Sharjah's economy and population as well as an increase in 
the number of new malls and the number of expatriates choosing to reside in Sharjah. Sharjah is also

--- Page 71 ---
- 54 - 
 
 
selected as a base for several wholesalers due to its attractive tax environment and connections to the MENA 
region. 
Most activity in this sector is firmly led by the private sector. Sharjah Holding, a joint venture between the 
Government and Majid Al Futtaim Properties LLC, is currently developing neighbourhood malls to service 
residential districts within Sharjah. 2021 saw the opening of a number of major new retail outlets in Sharjah. 
Majid Al Futtaim Properties LLC opened City Centre Al Zahia, Sharjah's largest mall, a "super-regional" 
scale complex with a gross leasable area of 136,200 square metres. Alef Group opened the 06 Mall, catering 
to the high-end retail and food and beverage segment. The Sharjah Cooperative Society led the development 
of Rahmania Mall, providing 60,000 square metres of retail and entertainment space. 
As noted above, although most activity in this sector is led by the private sector, the Government has 
become directly involved in some projects of strategic and/or social importance, including the construction 
of a fish, meat, fruit and vegetable market in the Jubail district, consisting of a 400-unit facility at a cost of 
approximately AED 173 million. Completed in 2015, the market in the Jubail district of Sharjah City exists 
to protect traditional local trade, enhance product quality and to attract tourists and shoppers to the heritage 
area of Sharjah City. 
In addition, since 2016 the Government has worked to relocate Sharjah's long-established used car sector 
to the new Souq Al Haraj at a cost to the Government of approximately AED 268 million. The site has 
grown to be the largest automotive hub in the Middle East region, with some 370 car showrooms. 
Manufacturing 
The manufacturing sector is the second-largest measured sector of Sharjah's economy and was 16.7 per 
cent. of Sharjah's nominal GDP in 2023 (based on preliminary data subject to revision), 16.5 per cent. in 
2022, 16.8 per cent. in 2021, 17.0 per cent. in 2020 and 16.2 per cent. in 2019. While the manufacturing 
sector is diverse and competitive, the most significant sub-sectors include cement, glass, petrochemicals, 
paint, dried food and household goods. 
Sharjah's manufacturing industries have developed in clusters centred on 19 industrial areas to the east of 
Sharjah City and on two economic free zones: (i) the Hamriyah Free Zone ("HFZ"); and (ii) the SAIF Zone. 
The Government has allocated land for and commenced the development of new industrial areas along the 
Emirate's major outer highways, including Emirates International City (covering 25.3 million square 
metres) and Sharjah Investment Centre (covering 3.0 million square metres), as well as a new research, 
technology and innovation park situated on 1.8 million square metres of land and established by the 
American University of Sharjah (see "The Economy of Sharjah — Foreign Direct Investment and Free 
Zones — Sharjah Airport International Free Zone" below). 
The Government continues to release land for industrial development to facilitate economic expansion. For 
example, the Al Sajaa area, situated close to two major highways and in close proximity to Sharjah 
International Airport and Al Hamriya Port, is currently the site of significant industrial activity, including 
in the oil and gas and cement sub-sectors, and the Government (through Sharjah Asset Management LLC) 
completed the first and second phases of a project to sell and lease parcels of land covering an area of 1.31 
million square metres in Al Sajaa Industrial Oasis in 2021. The Al Sajaa Industrial Oasis comprises 353 
plots for light and medium industrial, mixed, retail and accommodation units and plots are available for 
sale to UAE Nationals, GCC and Arab residents as freehold investments. All other residents may apply for 
a 100-year leasehold (usufruct right). 
Sharjah Cement and Industrial Development Co. (PJSC) ("SCIDC") was established in 1977 under an 
Emiri Decree issued by H.H. The Ruler and is one of Sharjah's important local manufacturers in the cement 
and building materials industry. SCIDC is a private sector company listed on the Abu Dhabi Stock 
Exchange ("ADX"). As at 31 December 2023, the Government held 16.0 per cent. of the shares in SCIDC 
through Sharjah Asset Management LLC and 9.09 per cent. of the shares in SCIDC through the Sharjah 
Social Security Fund (the "SSSF"). SCIDC recorded a total comprehensive loss for the year 2022 of 
AED 44.6 million, compared to a loss of AED 2.2 million recorded in 2021. SCIDC's turnover during 2022 
was AED 635.5 million compared to AED 493.9 million in 2021, reflecting the increase in construction 
activity across the UAE.

--- Page 72 ---
- 55 - 
 
 
Real Estate Activities 
The real estate sector is the third-largest measured sector of Sharjah's economy and contributed 9.8 per 
cent. of Sharjah's nominal GDP in 2023 (based on preliminary data subject to revision), 9.9 per cent. in 
2022, 9.8 per cent. in 2021, 10.0 per cent. in 2020 and 9.6 per cent. in 2019. 
According to Article 4 of Law No. 5 of 2010 on Real Estate Registration in the Emirate of Sharjah, 
ownership of any real estate property in the Emirate is restricted to UAE and GCC nationals or companies 
wholly-owned by UAE and GCC nationals. Article 4 of Law No. 5 of 2010 on Real Estate Registration 
provides for exceptions where: (i) ownership is granted by approval of H.H. The Ruler; (ii) ownership is 
obtained through heritages, according to a Shari'a notification; or (iii) ownership is obtained through the 
assignment by the owner to one of his or her relatives of first degree. 
On 16 November 2014, H.H. The Ruler issued Executive Council Resolution No. 26 of 2014 ("Resolution 
No. 26"), which allowed foreign nationals and companies owned by foreign nationals to own usufruct rights 
over vacant plots of land for a period of 100 years in Sharjah, and to register such usufruct rights with the 
Sharjah Real Estate Department. In November 2022, Law No. 2 of 2022 permitted foreign citizens full 
freehold ownership in designated development areas. The Government intends to utilise the new 
arrangements for foreign ownership on a limited number of suitable new developments. 
Benefiting from the more permissive regulatory environment, transaction volumes in 2023 reached 38,145 
transactions with a total value of AED 28.5 billion, according to the Real Estate Registration Department 
(a centralised department of the Government), compared with sales transactions valued at AED 24.0 billion 
in 2022, AED 26.3 billion in 2021, AED 15.9 billion in 2020 and AED 24.2 billion in 2019. 
Financial and Insurance Activities 
The financial and insurance activities sector contributed 4.4 per cent. of Sharjah's nominal GDP in 2023 
(based on preliminary data subject to revision), 4.2 per cent. in 2022, 4.1 per cent. in 2021, 4.2 per cent. in 
2020 and 8.1 per cent. in 2019. 
As at 31 December 2023, there were four banks incorporated in Sharjah: BoS, Invest Bank, Sharjah Islamic 
Bank ("SIB") and United Arab Bank. As at 31 December 2023, the Government held 39.25 per cent. of the 
share capital of BoS, an increase of 22.09 percentage points compared to its holdings of 17.16 per cent. as 
of 31 December 2022 (following the AED 800 million capital injection discussed below), and 28.46 per 
cent. of the share capital of SIB through Sharjah Asset Management LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of 
the Finance Department. In addition, the SSSF holds a 9.09 per cent. stake in SIB. Both BoS and SIB are 
listed on the ADX (for further detail on the financial sector, see "Monetary and Financial System — Banking 
and Financial Services" below). 
In addition to the holdings described above, in December 2018, the Government offered to support the 
capital requirements of Invest Bank with an injection of AED 1,115 million in exchange for a 50.07 per 
cent. stake in the bank, at a purchase price of AED 0.70 per share. The proposal included a commitment to 
underwrite a subsequent rights issue by Invest Bank during 2019 with up to AED 785 million, should the 
bank require further capital during the year. The proposal was subsequently accepted by all parties and the 
initial injection was made in April 2019, giving the Government of Sharjah a 50.07 stake in Invest Bank. 
The second phase of capital support was completed in December 2023 and consisted of the Government 
participating pro rata in and underwriting the remaining portion of an issuance of new shares, and the 
Government issuing a guarantee of up to AED 3.0 billion against final write-offs of legacy assets over a 
five-year period, with the annual claims capped at AED 800 million. Following the new share issuance, the 
Government became the 88.11 per cent. majority shareholder in Invest Bank. Invest Bank used the proceeds 
of the share issuance to pay a one-off upfront fee of AED 2.6 billion to the Government in respect of the 
guarantee. While the 2024 budget and the projections for years 2025 to 2027 in the Fiscal Plan reflect a 
balanced forecast of the annual cost of the Invest Bank guarantee to the Government, there is a risk that the 
actual calls on the guarantee could be higher. In addition, the Government may face pressure to provide 
further financial support to Invest Bank in the future if the second phase of capital support does not fully 
meet Invest Bank's capital requirements. The Government has budgeted AED 240 million in expenditures 
for 2024 in relation to this capital support. Invest Bank is listed on the ADX. 
In June 2023, the Government injected AED 800 million capital into BoS, in which it was already the 
largest shareholder (through Sharjah Asset Management), holding 17.16 per cent. of outstanding shares, 
through subscribing to the issuance of new shares as a single strategic investor, thereby increasing its

--- Page 73 ---
- 56 - 
 
 
shareholding to 39.25 per cent. The new share issuance is designed to enhance the bank's financial position 
and foster future growth, by expanding total capital to AED 3 billion. 
Mining and quarrying 
The mining and quarrying sector, which includes crude oil and natural gas, contributed 1.9 per cent. to 
Sharjah's nominal GDP in 2023 (based on preliminary data subject to revision), 2.5 per cent. in 2022 and 
2021, 2.6 per cent. in 2020 and 4.2 per cent. in 2019. 
The sector is primarily driven by the production and supply of energy for Sharjah's residents and businesses. 
Although it produces gas and liquid petroleum gas, Sharjah is a net importer of energy and fuel. In recent 
years, international crude oil prices have experienced large fluctuations. Global oil prices fell gradually in 
the first two months of 2020 before dropping sharply in March and April 2020, with the price of Brent oil 
falling below U.S.$16 per barrel in April 2020. This was primarily due to the impact of the COVID-19 
outbreak on the global economy and the increase in supply. Oil prices partially recovered in 2021 with the 
monthly OPEC Reference Basket price being U.S.$85.24 per barrel for January 2022. In the first half of 
2022, global oil prices rose sharply primarily due to the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, although 
somewhat moderated later in 2022 and 2023. The monthly OPEC Reference Basket price for December 
2023 was U.S.$79.00. (see "Risk Factors — Risk Factors Relating to Sharjah and the UAE — The UAE's 
economy is significantly affected by volatility in international oil prices and its economy has in the past 
been, and is likely in the future to continue to be, adversely affected by lengthy periods of low oil prices"). 
Although Sharjah is the third-largest hydrocarbon producer in the UAE, after Abu Dhabi and Dubai, this 
sector is just one of several contributors to the Emirate's economy. Total hydrocarbon production in Sharjah 
amounted to 3.28 million barrels of oil equivalent in 2023, 3.7 million barrels of oil equivalent in 2022, 4.2 
million barrels of oil equivalent in 2021, 3.5 million barrels of oil equivalent in 2020 and 3.9 million barrels 
of oil equivalent in 2019. The decline in production in 2023 compared to 2022 primarily was because it 
was determined that production at two wells (Mahani-2 and Mahani-3) was not yet commercially viable 
and one site (Saadi-1) did not demonstrate extractable resources. 
In 2023, total hydrocarbon production in Sharjah of 3.28 million barrels of oil equivalent comprised 11.42 
billion cubic feet of natural gas, 39.67 kilotonnes of liquefied petroleum gas and 1.08 million barrels of 
condensates. In 2022, total hydrocarbon production in Sharjah of 3.7 million barrels of oil equivalent 
comprised 13.2 billion cubic feet of natural gas, 47.8 kilotonnes of liquefied petroleum gas and 1.3 million 
barrels of condensates. In 2021, total hydrocarbon production in Sharjah of 4.2 million barrels of oil 
equivalent comprised 16.4 billion cubic feet of natural gas, 51.2 kilotonnes of liquefied petroleum gas and 
1.5 million barrels of condensates. In 2020, total hydrocarbon production in Sharjah of 3.5 million barrels 
of oil equivalent comprised 13.5 billion cubic feet of natural gas, 44.9 kilotonnes of liquefied petroleum 
gas and 1.2 million barrels of condensates. In 2019, total hydrocarbon production in Sharjah of 3.9 million 
barrels of oil equivalent, comprised 15.8 billion cubic feet of natural gas, 50.8 kilotonnes of liquefied 
petroleum gas and 1.3 million barrels of condensates. 
All hydrocarbon production in Sharjah is overseen by the Sharjah Petroleum Council, a centralised 
department of the Government. SNOC, which is a separate legal entity wholly owned by the Government, 
is responsible for most operations on active onshore production facilities in Sharjah, with revenues from 
such facilities flowing directly to the Government. 
SNOC has embarked on several projects to expand and diversify its portfolio. SNOC awarded an 
engineering, procurement and construction management contract to Petrofac to construct a liquefied 
petroleum gas blending and truck loading facility to divert liquefied petroleum gas production to the local 
market which is now operational. Petrofac International Limited employs approximately 3,000 staff based 
in Sharjah in a range of functions supporting the hydrocarbon and petrochemical industries. 
The Crescent Group was established in Sharjah in 1971 and is the MENA region's oldest privately-owned 
oil and gas company. The Crescent Group currently operates a portfolio of more than 25 diversified 
companies through its two main subsidiaries, Crescent Petroleum and Crescent Enterprises. Crescent 
Petroleum acts as a technical operator in several countries including Egypt, Pakistan, Yemen, Canada, 
Montenegro, Tunisia and Argentina. 
Sharjah based Dana Gas PJSC is the 100 per cent. operator of the Sharjah Western Offshore Concession, 
the Zora field, approximately 35 kilometres offshore from Sharjah. The production facilities include an 
offshore platform and onshore gas processing plant, where the gas is processed. The gas is sold to SEWA

--- Page 74 ---
- 57 - 
 
 
for power generation, with the associated recovered condensate being sold into the local market. Dana Gas 
PJSC is the Middle East's largest regional private sector natural gas company established in December 2005 
with a public listing on the ADX. It has exploration and production assets in Egypt, the Kurdistan region 
of Iraq and the UAE. 
On 13 January 2019, the Government awarded Eni Areas A, B & C onshore Exploration Concession 
Agreements. These agreements are the result of the first International Competitive Exploration Licensing 
Round launched by SNOC in 2018 to explore and develop new hydrocarbon resources through the 
establishment of new partnerships. Concession Area A and C cover respectively an area of 437 square 
kilometres and 1,184 square kilometres. Eni has acted as operator with 75 per cent. participating interest 
with SNOC as partner with a 25 per cent. stake. Concession Area B covers an area of 264 square kilometres. 
SNOC has acted as operator with 50 per cent. participating interest with Eni holding 50 per cent. of stake. 
In January 2020, SNOC and Eni announced discovery of an inland gas field, "Mahani", with gas flow rates 
of up to 50 million standard cubic feet per day and associated condensates. In May 2024, SNOC announced 
discovery of new gas revenues in the onshore Al Hadiba field. 
Construction 
The construction sector contributed 9.1 per cent. of Sharjah's nominal GDP in 2023 (based on preliminary 
data subject to revision), 9.0 per cent. in 2022, 9.1 per cent. in 2021, 9.3 per cent. in 2020 and 8.8 per cent. 
in 2019. 
The construction sector is largely driven by activity in the private real estate market and by public projects 
to construct infrastructure and government buildings. The construction sector contribution of GDP has 
increased in order to reflect real estate demand and public sector expansion. 
Transportation and storage 
The transportation and storage sector contributed 5 per cent. of Sharjah's nominal GDP in 2023 (based on 
preliminary data subject to revision) 2022, 2021 and 2020 and 6.0 per cent. in 2019. The sector is primarily 
driven by the Emirate's geographic location (bordering all six emirates and the UAE's west and east coasts), 
and by the development of air and sea ports. 
Established in 1976, Gulftainer Company Limited is based in Sharjah and describes itself as one of the 
largest privately-owned port management and third-party logistics companies in the world. The UAE 
operations of Gulftainer Company Limited include the Khorfakkan Container Terminal and Sharjah 
Container Terminal, as well as port operations and logistics in Ruwais Port in Abu Dhabi (for further details, 
see "Infrastructure — Ports" below.) 
Public Administration and Defence 
The public administration and defence sector contributed 7.4 per cent. of Sharjah's nominal GDP in 2023 
(based on preliminary data subject to revision), 7.5 per cent. in 2022, 7.4 per cent. in 2021 and 2020 and 
3.9 per cent. in 2019. Some government services (including basic healthcare and education for UAE 
nationals, as well as business licensing and policing) are provided by the Federal Government, with the 
remainder provided by the Government (see "Public Finance — Government Finance — Relationship with 
the Federal Government"). 
Accommodation and Food Service 
The accommodation and food service activities sector, which includes restaurants and hotels, contributed 
2.3 per cent. of Sharjah's nominal GDP in 2023 (based on preliminary data subject to revision), 2.1 per cent. 
in 2022, 2.0 per cent. in 2021 and 2020 and 2.2 per cent. in 2019. 
Sharjah's restaurants and hotels currently cater to mid-range customers and are priced lower than restaurants 
and hotels in some nearby geographies. The sector has been identified by the Government as having 
particular growth potential, with a focus on complementing the existing offering with a larger number of 
luxury options.

--- Page 75 ---
- 58 - 
 
 
The following table sets out the number of Sharjah hotel rooms and number of guests for each of the years 
indicated. 
 
2019 
2020 
2021 
2022 
2023 
Rooms ..........................................................  
9,585 
6,842 
7,347 
7,925 
8,193 
Guests (in thousands) ...................................  
1,794 
1,017 
1,180 
1,240 
1,520 
 _______________  
Source: Commerce and Tourism Development Authority. 
In 2023, there were 1.52 million hotel guests, an increase of 22.6 per cent. compared to 2022. In 2022, there 
were 1.24 million hotel guests, an increase of 5.1 per cent. compared to 2021. Hotel occupancy rates for 
2022 were 5 per cent. higher than 2021 with total revenue in 2022 for hotels reaching AED 527 million, an 
increase of 28 per cent. compared to 2021. 
Other long standing cultural events include the Sharjah International Biennial, an art exhibition hosted by 
the Department of Culture and Information since 1993, and the Sharjah International Book Fair, the world's 
fourth-largest book fair, hosted in the Sharjah Expo Centre since 1982. In recognition of its efforts to 
promote reading and literature, Sharjah was chosen by UNESCO as the 2019 World Book Capital. 
Shurooq undertakes joint venture developments with private sector partners to promote the growth of this 
sector. Recent projects include a canal-side shopping and leisure district (the Al Qasba), a park, promenade, 
mosque and leisure and entertainment facility on the Corniche (the Al Majaz Waterfront), a landmark Flag 
Island, the Al Muntaza Theme Park and the Maraya Art Centre. Amongst other projects, Shurooq is 
currently working to develop the Emirate's first 5-star hotel resort in Khorfakkan on the east coast, in 
partnership with the Chedi Group, and has opened a luxury heritage-themed hotel, Al Bait, as the 
centrepiece of its 15-year masterplan (2010-2025) to restore the historic Heart of Sharjah district. 
Shurooq is engaged in strategic joint ventures and partnerships in order to improve Sharjah's ability to 
attract tourists and investors. Examples of such joint ventures include its partnerships with: (i) Eagle Hills 
to develop three major projects (Maryam Island, Kalba Waterfront and Palace Al Khan) (ii) Nakheel to 
develop a new community retail centre; and (iii) Diamond Developers to develop a mixed-used project in 
Sustainable City. 
Shurooq is also developing environmental tourism in the region with the expansion of safari lodges in 
natural reserve areas. The Kingfisher Lodge commenced operations in 2018 and is located in the Kalba 
natural reserve area. Al Badayer Oasis Lodge and Al Faya Retreat in the Mleiha area opened in 2019. 
Electricity, Gas and Water 
SEWA is 100 per cent. owned by the Government and is responsible for providing power, water and natural 
gas in the Emirate. The electricity, gas and water supply sector, which focuses on distribution to the public, 
contributed 3.3 per cent. of Sharjah's nominal GDP in 2023 (based on preliminary data subject to revision), 
3.3 per cent. in 2022, 3.2 per cent. in 2021, 3.3 per cent. in 2020 and 2.5 per cent. in 2019. As with the 
mining and quarrying sector, the primary driver of activity in the electricity, gas and water supply sector is 
demand for utility services from residential, commercial and industrial areas in Sharjah. For further details, 
see "Infrastructure — Utilities" below. 
Agriculture, Forestry and Fishing 
The agricultural sector contributed 1.4 per cent. of Sharjah's nominal GDP in 2023 (based on preliminary 
data subject to revision), and 1.2 per cent. of Sharjah's nominal GDP in 2022, 2021, 2020 and 2019. The 
sector includes small-scale arable production in areas irrigated from natural oases and aquifers in the north 
and east of the Emirate, with crops such as vegetables, dates and turf. Dairy and poultry production also 
form part of the agricultural sector. 
Human Health and Social Work Activities  
The human health and social work activities sector contributed 1.5 per cent. of Sharjah's nominal GDP in 
2023 (based on preliminary data subject to revision), 2022, 2021 and 2020 and 1.1 per cent. in 2019. The 
sector is primarily driven by activities of the Government, whether through the direct facilitation of social 
services or through the enablement of private sector delivery. The Government established the free zone of 
Sharjah Healthcare City to capitalise on regional demand for high-quality health services. The free zone 
authority provides basic infrastructure and a light-touch regulatory environment with the intention of

--- Page 76 ---
- 59 - 
 
 
attracting a wide range of healthcare providers from the UAE and from overseas. Sharjah Healthcare City 
is expected to expand the healthcare cluster, which has, in recent years, begun to develop around the 
adjacent site of University City, with the development of a teaching hospital, nursing college and dental 
college. 
Other sectors 
The Other sectors, comprised of the arts, recreation and other services sector, the education sector and the 
professional, scientific and technical activities sector, contributed 10.0 per cent. of Sharjah's nominal GDP 
in 2023 (based on preliminary data subject to revision), 10.2 per cent. in 2022, 10.2 per cent. in 2021, 10.4 
per cent. in 2020 and 10.7 per cent. in 2019. 
The Emirate is continuing to invest in infrastructure to establish itself as a regional centre for educational 
excellence. In particular, the Government has established the University City, a 15 million square metre 
site which is home to a growing number of higher education institutions, including AUS, the University of 
Sharjah, Men's and Ladies' Colleges, Sharjah Higher Colleges of Technology, Skyline University and the 
Police Sciences Institute. The Sharjah Research Academy has also been established to serve as an umbrella 
organisation for 10 research institutes specialising in fields such as renewable energy, medical research, 
environmental research and engineering research. The Government has implemented a Research Levy of 
AED 10 on all government service fees of AED 50 or more, which will be used alongside other funding to 
support a research programme, coordinated by the AUS, aiming to make Sharjah the leading research centre 
in the region. 
Inflation 
The table below shows the levels of the General Consumer Price Index ("CPI") (together with its 
constituent elements) for Sharjah for each of the years indicated. 
Major Groups of Expenditure 
2019(1) 
2020(1) 
2021(1) 
2022(2) 
2023(2) 
All items of consumer price index .............  
108.54 
108.22 
108.72 
104.19 
106.06 
Food and non-alcoholic beverages ...............  
108.30 
112.15 
113.68 
106.51 
111.64 
Tobacco Group .............................................  
186.15 
188.22 
188.22 
99.96 
99.74 
Clothing and Footwear .................................  
98.27 
98.31 
99.26 
103.12 
108.27 
Housing, water, electricity, gas fuel .............  
99.30 
98.42 
94.98 
98.26 
101.10 
Furniture and furnishing, household 
appliances and repair ................................  
105.33 
101.44 
101.25 
99.68 
102.14 
Health ...........................................................  
100.91 
100.30 
100.48 
100.10 
100.47 
Transportation ..............................................  
116.20 
111.39 
119.09 
121.43 
116.09 
Telecommunications ....................................  
99.99 
99.52 
99.20 
100.13 
101.08 
Recreation and Culture .................................  
102.31 
102.40 
109.37 
112.55 
118.60 
Education .....................................................  
122.15 
124.26 
127.53 
100.32 
101.77 
Restaurants and hotels ..................................  
112.06 
115.61 
113.40 
106.23 
113.62 
Miscellaneous goods and services ................  
121.23 
120.84 
112.83 
102.19 
105.11 
 _______________  
(1) 
Base year 2014=100. 
(2) 
Base year 2021=100. 
Source: Federal Competitiveness and Statistics Authority 
The table below shows the CPI and the percentage change, year-on-year, of the CPI of Sharjah and of the 
UAE for each of the years indicated. 
 
2019(1) 
2020(1) 
2021(1) 
2022(2) 
2023(2) 
Sharjah CPI ................................................... 
108.54 
108.22 
108.72 
104.19 
106.06 
Sharjah CPI (percentage change, year on 
year) ........................................................... 
(3.0) 
(0.3) 
0.46 
4.2 
1.8 
UAE CPI ....................................................... 
109.0 
106.7 
106.9 
104.8 
N/A 
UAE CPI (percentage change, year on year) . 
(1.9) 
(2.1) 
0.18 
(2.0) 
N/A 
 _______________  
(1) 
Base year 2014=100. 
(2) 
Base year 2021=100. 
Source: Federal Competitiveness and Statistics Authority. 
Sharjah and the UAE as a whole experienced negative consumer price inflation in 2019, as the one-off 
impact of the introduction of a national value added tax at a rate of five per cent. on most consumer goods 
and services worked through the economy and supply chain. In 2020, both Sharjah and the UAE as a whole 
again saw negative consumer price inflation rates, as the economic restrictions arising from Covid-19 
depressed demand for goods and services. While prices remained almost flat in 2021 amid continuing 
depressed global demand for goods and services, in 2022 the consumer price inflation rate picked up to 4.2

--- Page 77 ---
- 60 - 
 
 
per cent. in Sharjah, led by increasing food and transportation costs, followed by a more balanced inflation 
environment in 2023, when higher price inflation for items of personal consumption (food, clothing, 
recreation and culture, restaurants and hotels) was offset by lower figures for essential items such as health, 
education, telecommunications and utilities, leaving the consumer price inflation rate in Sharjah for 2023 
at 1.8 per cent. 
Employment and Wages 
Data from the 2015 Sharjah Census (the "2015 Census") showed that 74 per cent. of Sharjah's residents 
aged 15 or over were employed, with a further 12 per cent. being domestic workers and 3.0 per cent. being 
business owners, self-employed or students with employment. 5.3 per cent. of Sharjah's residents were full-
time students and 1.6 per cent. were retired, self-supporting or working for free. Only 3.7 per cent. of the 
resident population were unemployed. In general, expatriates are required to be employed or sponsored by 
an employed family member in order to remain in the UAE. As a result, expatriates are not entitled to 
unemployment benefits or to social services and the Government's focus is on employment for UAE 
nationals. 
The table below shows employment by category of Sharjah based UAE nationals aged 15 or over, based 
on the results of the 2015 Census. (The detailed census information from 2022 is not yet available.) 
 
Number 
Percentage 
Employees and domestic workers ............................................................................................ 
61,367 
59 
Business owners, self-employed and students with employment ............................................. 
2,325 
2 
Full-time students ..................................................................................................................... 
19,260 
19 
Retired, self-supporting and working for free ........................................................................... 
13,638 
13 
Unemployed ............................................................................................................................. 
7,175 
7 
Total ........................................................................................................................................ 
103,765 
100 
 _______________  
Source: Sharjah Census 2015. 
The 2015 Census indicated that 80 per cent. of respondents aged 15 and over were working or studying, 
whereas 13 per cent. were outside the workforce for various reasons (e.g. retirement, doing voluntary work), 
and 7 per cent. were unemployed. 
A new census was started in September 2022. According to preliminary results, Sharjah's population has 
reached 1.8 million, a 22 per cent. increase from 1.4 million in 2015. The detailed results of the census will 
be published once available. 
In September 1999, UAE nationals working for private companies became entitled to the same social 
security and pension benefits as those working for the Federal Government. Under the Federal 
Government's national pension and social security scheme, nationals who have contributed to the scheme 
will be eligible for retirement benefits, disability benefits and compensation on death. The General 
Authority for Pensions and Social Security, an independent entity of the Federal Government, which invests 
employer and employee contributions to fund the social security programme, was established to operate the 
scheme. Separate social security provision is made for all members of the military and the police force. 
On 2 November 2017, H.H. The Ruler issued Emiri Decree No. 70 of 2017 to establish the SSSF. The 
decree stipulates that Emirati employees working in Sharjah's government and semi-government entities, 
including companies and private sector enterprises wholly owned by the Government, will benefit from the 
pensions and retirement benefits framework established by the SSSF. 
In December 2021, the Government announced that all Government entities and educational establishments 
would adopt a new work- week schedule consisting of four days with Friday, Sunday and Saturday being 
the new weekend. The change came into effect on 1 January 2022. The extended weekend is part of the 
Government's efforts to enhance work-life balance while increasing productivity and performance. 
Infrastructure 
Infrastructure development is considered to be a key component for Sharjah's future expansion, economic 
growth and social connectivity. Sharjah is well-connected to the other emirates, has good 
telecommunication facilities, and a well-established road network with large highways linking it to Abu 
Dhabi, Dubai and the northern emirates and a number of ports. Sharjah is also the location of the UAE's 
third-largest airport, SIA, and is adjacent to Dubai International Airport, one of the world's busiest airport.

--- Page 78 ---
- 61 - 
 
 
Roads and Railways 
An extensive network of roads has been developed in Sharjah over recent decades. In 2014, the Sharjah 
Roads and Transport Authority (the "SRTA") was established to combine public transport provision and 
transport infrastructure planning within the Emirate. 
The Federal Government is responsible for building and maintaining inter-emirate highways, notably the 
Sheikh Mohammed Bin Zayed Road and the Emirates Highway on which major upgrade programmes have 
recently been completed, including widening of busy portions of the route and junction enhancements to 
create freer traffic flow. 
In 2019, the Government completed a major new highway to link Khorfakkan Port on the east coast with 
Sharjah City which includes the UAE's longest rock tunnel through the Hajar mountains. The total cost of 
the multi-year project, which was funded by the Government, was approximately AED 5 billion. 
Other projects underway for relieving traffic congestion in Sharjah City include multiple surface 
improvement, road widening and junction amendment projects. 
In December 2019, Etihad Rail awarded an AED 4.6 billion civil works and construction contract to a joint 
venture company formed by China Railway Construction Corporation and National Projects and 
Construction to link Fujairah and Khorfakkan ports to the network at the Sharjah-Dubai border. In 2015, 
stage one of the project, which extends 264 kilometres, was delivered, linking the Shah and Habshan gas 
fields in the Al Dhafra region of Abu Dhabi to the port of Ruwais on the Arabian Gulf, with a capacity of 
transferring 22,000 tons of sulphur granules daily. The second stage of the project is expected to extend 
605 kilometres from Al Ghuweifat on the border with Saudi Arabia to Fujairah on the east coast. Stage A 
extends over 139 kilometres, linking Ruwais with Al Ghuweifat, stage B, is expected to extend 216 
kilometres from Tarif to Seeh Shuaib, stage C, extending 94 kilometres from Jebel Ali to Sharjah and stage 
D, being 145 kilometres from Sharjah to the ports of Fujairah and Khorfakkan. Construction of the second 
stage of the project began in January 2020 and major construction works for the second stage have been 
completed. As of October 2021, stage A has been completed and work on a connection through the town 
of Al Ghuweifat has also been completed. On 12 October 2022, Etihad Rail completed the tracklaying 
works on the main line in Sharjah, as part of the last package of the second stage of the project. In March 
2024, the Government and Etihad Rail announced that Sharjah would connect to the UAE's passenger rail 
network with a station located close to the University City. 
Ports 
Sharjah has three deep water ports, which provide access to the Indian Ocean and the Arabian Gulf and 
have a combined capacity of 4 million containers: (i) Khorfakkan Port; (ii) Hamriyah Port; and (iii) Port 
Khalid. 
Khorfakkan Port was established in 1977 and underwent a major expansion in 2010 to handle the growing 
demand for container vessels. The port has six berths with a total aggregate length of 2.0 kilometres and is 
dredged to 16.0 metres at mean low water. Khorfakkan Port is the only container port on the UAE's east 
coast, providing direct access to the Indian Ocean without passing through the Strait of Hormuz. 
Khorfakkan Port has an open yard storage facility capacity of 600,000 square metres out of a total area of 
850,000 square metres. 
Hamriyah Port, established in 1986, is located adjacent to HFZ, providing marine access for the free zone's 
industrial operators. The port, which specialises in the provision of bulk, general and project cargo services, 
is close to major international shipping lanes. It has six deep water berths, is dredged to 14 metres and has 
three specialised berths for handling petrochemical shipments. Other services include open yard and 
warehouse storage facilities. In addition, Hamriyah Port has an inner harbour with a 3.2 kilometre quay 
wall. An LPG back-flow facility at the SNOC LPG Terminal at Hamriyah Port supports LPG import and 
export and back-flow to the local market. 
Port Khalid in Sharjah City was established in 1976 and has three deep water berths ranging from 220 
metres to 1,000 metres in length and is dredged to 12.5 metres. Port Khalid also has 16 normal berths of 
nine metre draft. Port Khalid specialises in the provision of bulk, general and project services and provides 
open yard and warehouse storage facilities.

--- Page 79 ---
- 62 - 
 
 
Sharjah International Airport and Aviation 
SIA is the third-largest airport in the UAE and is differentiated from other airports in the region by its high 
level of freight services and its close partnership with Air Arabia, which uses SIA as its primary hub. SIA 
occupies an area of approximately 5,000 acres located to the east of Sharjah City, connected to the city and 
to other emirates by major highways. In 2014, a new 4,060 metre runway was built, at a cost of around 
AED 500 million. The table below gives the key figures for Sharjah International Airport for the years 
indicated. 
 
2019 
2020 
2021 
2022 
2023 
Passengers (millions).....................................  
13.6 
4.2 
7.1 
13.1 
15.3 
Aircraft movements (thousands) ...................  
86.5 
33.2 
57.6 
87.4 
98.4 
Cargo (thousand tonnes) ................................  
148.8 
99.6 
140.7 
170.5 
141.5 
 
SIA recorded 15.3 million passengers during 2023, compared to 13.1 million passengers during 2022 at 
SIA, an increase of 16.8 per cent. compared with 2022. In addition, aircraft movement increased at SIA in 
2023, with 98.4 thousand flights compared with 87.4 thousand flights during 2022. The total cargo handled 
by SIA for 2023 amounted to 141.5 thousand tonnes compared with 170.5 thousand tonnes in 2022, with 
airport capacity continuing to be prioritised for passenger use. 
SIA hosts flights from 33 airlines (including passenger and cargo airlines) and serves over 100 destinations. 
The aviation industry was impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic leading to a general decreased demand for 
air travel. In 2020, as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, Sharjah International Airport was affected by 
domestic and international restrictions on the movement of aircraft and passengers. As a result, it hosted 
fewer passengers, (a decrease of 69 per cent. from 2019) experienced fewer aircraft movements (also a 
decrease of 69 per cent. from 2019) and handled fewer tonnes of Cargo (a decrease of 33 per cent. from 
2019). In 2021, the UAE and Sharjah authorities placed temporary restrictions on movements to and from 
a more limited number of destinations, responding to changes in the incidence and management of COVID 
-19 in various countries but the majority of these restrictions have lifted. As a result, it hosted more 
passengers in 2021 (an increase of 69.0 per cent. from 2020), experienced more aircraft movements (also 
an increase of 73.5 per cent. from 2020) and handled more cargo (an increase of 41.3 per cent. from 2020). 
Sharjah has developed a niche in the sea-to-air traffic sector through the SAIF Zone where sea-to-air 
transfers can be made within six to eight hours. 
As part of the first phase of the expansion of SIA, a second runway was constructed, which became 
operational in October 2014. The second runway accommodates large new generation ICAO (International 
Civil Aviation Organization) Code F aircraft such as the Airbus A380. 
The second phase of the expansion of SIA is in progress by Sharjah Airport Authority, with the objective 
of increasing capacity through the construction of a second terminal in addition to the second runway. The 
planned expansion is expected to increase the airport's capacity to 20 million passengers per annum 
following completion, which is expected by 2027. Financing for the expansion will come from a 
combination of Sharjah Airport Authority's existing revenues and debt financing. 
Air Arabia was incorporated in 2003 as the first low-cost airline in the Middle East. Its primary hub is SIA 
and it serves over 190 destinations in the MENA region, Asia and Europe. Air Arabia has contributed to an 
increase in tourism numbers in Sharjah and the wider UAE and carried 12.0 million passengers in 2019, 
compared to 8.7 million passengers in 2018. In 2021, Air Arabia served more than 6.7 million passengers, 
an increase of 54 per cent. compared to the 4.3 million passengers carried in 2020. This was primarily due 
Air Arabia operating more limited services in 2020 as a result of COVID-19 travel restrictions. In 2022, 
more than 12.8 million passengers flew with Air Arabia, an increase of 90 per cent. compared with 2021. 
In 2023, Air Arabia served 16.7 million passengers, reflecting an increase of 31 per cent. Air Arabia is 
listed on the Dubai Financial Market (the "DFM"). 
Telecommunications 
The UAE has well developed, technologically-advanced telecommunications infrastructure and has high 
mobile telephone penetration. Since 1976, the majority Federal Government-owned telecommunications 
corporation, Emirates Telecommunications Corporation ("Etisalat"), has operated, maintained and 
developed the national and international fixed-line network, mobile telephony, internet access and cable 
TV services.

--- Page 80 ---
- 63 - 
 
 
In mid-2004, the Federal Government announced plans to end the monopoly of Etisalat. A regulator, the 
Telecommunications Regulatory Authority was formed to oversee the process and, in 2006, it granted a 
licence to Emirates Integrated Telecommunications Company, a new telecom provider (known in the 
market as "du") owned 39.50 per cent. by the Federal Government (through the Emirates Investment 
Authority), 20.08 per cent. by Mamoura Diversified Global Holding PJSC, 20 per cent. by Emirates 
Telecommunications and Technology Ltd. and 20.92 per cent. by the public. 
The UAE's well developed, technologically-advanced telecommunications infrastructure and high mobile 
telephone penetration contribute to the growth of Sharjah's economy. 
Utilities 
SEWA is 100 per cent. owned by the Government and is responsible for providing power, water and natural 
gas in the Emirate. 
In 1995, H.H. The Ruler issued Emiri Decree No. 1 of 1995 establishing SEWA. SEWA regulates the 
ownership, management, operation and maintenance of electricity generation and water desalination plants, 
water rights, distribution and transport network, electricity transmission and dispatch network and other 
assets and facilities of the electricity and water sector in the Emirate. The authority also monitors the price 
of water and power services sold to consumers, in order to ensure fairness and transparency at all times, 
and that present and future consumer demand, in water and power services is properly met through 
sustainable planning and development, and that local water and electricity projects are managed and run 
consistently with international best practices and existing environmental laws. SEWA is also empowered 
to set up central cooling stations, to establish clean energy companies and to enter into joint ventures with 
companies in the field of renewable and alternative energy. 
Electricity is generated by gas and diesel fired power stations located within the Emirate. In 2023, electricity 
consumption in Sharjah was 13.1 billion KWh, up from 11.9 billion KWh in 2022 and 11.4 billion KWh in 
2021, according to data from SEWA. 
SEWA supplements locally produced electricity through electricity purchase agreements with the Emirates 
Water and Electricity Company ("EWEC"), the water and power procuring authority falling under Abu 
Dhabi Power C through the Emirates National Grid. Total demand for electricity in Sharjah has increased 
gradually from 2,013 MW in 2013 to 2,874 MW in 2023, with peak demand of 3,843 MW. SEWA planned 
to meet this need by increasing generating capacity, increasing the use of natural gas from Sharjah's own 
gas fields and by entering into additional electricity purchase agreements with the ADWEC and fuel supply 
arrangements, subject to commercial negotiations with third parties. Although SEWA has recorded 
operational losses in recent years, a long-term plan has been devised to address the need for new capacity 
and to diversify fuel mix and the supplier base in the expectation that this will help improve SEWA's results 
in the future. SEWA's planned investment programme includes a 1,800 MW combined cycle gas turbine 
plant in Al Hamriyah, which was procured under the Independent Power Producer structure, with SEWA 
as the sole off-taker and Sharjah Asset Management LLC as a minority shareholder in the project 
consortium. By May 2023, 100 per cent. of the work at Al Hamriyah power plant had been completed. 
Currently, two of the three phases are operational and the third is undergoing testing and commissioning. 
Additionally, a 1,026 MW combined cycle gas turbine plant in Al Layyeh was being procured under a 
conventional Engineering, Procurement and Construction contract model, primarily using export finance 
with SEWA as the obligor (with no Government guarantee). SEWA is also considering expansion of its 
water desalination capacity and electricity transmission and distribution network. 
In 2023, SEWA provided 145.14 million cubic metres of natural gas to properties, extracted 1,033.8 million 
gallons of water from underground sources and produced 22,938 million gallons of water through 
desalination. 
Education 
The development of Sharjah's education system has been a key priority for the Emirate due to H.H. The 
Ruler's personal leadership, which has led to significant investments in human capital, founded on the 
understanding that an educated population is vital to the long-term growth of Sharjah's economy. 
The Emirate is aiming to establish itself as a regional centre for educational excellence and, in order to 
achieve this, has invested significantly in this area in recent years. In particular, the Government has

--- Page 81 ---
- 64 - 
 
 
established the University City, a 15 million square metre site which is home to a growing number of higher 
education institutions, including the American University of Sharjah, the University of Sharjah, Men's and 
Ladies' Colleges, Al Qasimi University, Sharjah Higher Colleges of Technology, Skyline University and 
the Police Sciences Institute. The Sharjah Research Academy has also been established to serve as an 
umbrella organisation for 10 research institutes specialising in fields such as renewable energy, medical 
research, environmental research and engineering research. 
The American University of Sharjah is among the top 400 universities in the world according to QS World 
University Rankings (2025). The American University of Sharjah campus was established in 1997 and had 
a total enrolment of 5,876 students for the Fall 2023 semester. 
In April 1997, the Government established the University of Sharjah through Emiri Decree. Since its 
establishment, the Government has opened other campuses of the University of Sharjah on the east coast 
of Sharjah to widen educational access. The university has in excess of 19,000 students and was ranked in 
the top 650 universities worldwide in the QS World University Rankings (2025). 
On January 2019, Government signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with Arab Academy for 
Science, Technology and Maritime Transport - Sharjah Branch (the "AASTMT branch"), an Egypt based 
specialised organisation of the Arab League, to establish AASTMT branch in Khor Fakkan, Sharjah. 
The new AASTMT branch in Sharjah allows graduates to specialise in various maritime transport sciences 
and technologies, in addition to international transport, logistics as well as maritime law. Graduates have 
access to state-of-the-art specialised educational programs and provide the labour market with calibres in 
all fields of the maritime industry. 
A cluster of health-related education institutes has developed in University City, including a teaching 
hospital, nursing college and dental college. These will complement Sharjah Healthcare City as an engine 
for the future sectoral growth. 
In April 2015, a new Islamic university, Al Qasimia University, was officially opened in Sharjah, as part 
of the Islamic Centre that was developed to mark Sharjah's status as Capital of Islamic Culture in 2014. 
The Government has also developed a new research centre, Sharjah Research Centre, to document detailed 
information regarding the publishing world in the Middle East. Sharjah Research Centre was opened in 
2015. In January 2017, the Government implemented a Research Levy of AED 10 on all Government 
service fees of AED 50 or more, which will be used alongside other funding to support a research 
programme, coordinated by the American University of Sharjah, aiming to make Sharjah the leading 
research centre in the region. 
The American University of Sharjah Research, Technology and Innovation (RTI) Park has been developed, 
adjacent to American University of Sharjah campus, by the university's commercial and investment arm 
AUS Enterprises. Further development continues. The park encourages research, development and 
knowledge-intensive businesses to establish themselves in the free zone. 
While the Federal Government provides basic education for UAE nationals, the Government supplements 
this with its own initiatives and funding in order to enhance education in the Emirate. This activity is 
overseen by the Education Council, a centralised department of the Government. The Government has 
implemented a "model school" programme, providing equipment, facilities and pedagogic support 
according to international best practice, initially for a number of pilot schools, but now being rolled out 
more widely. 
Schooling for expatriate children is provided in the private sector, with some Sharjah schools, such as 
Victoria International School, Choueifat School and Sharjah English School, considered among the top 
education establishments in the UAE. 
Foreign Direct Investment and Free Zones 
Foreign Direct Investment 
The Government believes Foreign Direct Investment has been an important factor in developing high-value 
economic activity in its identified sectors.

--- Page 82 ---
- 65 - 
 
 
The Sharjah Foreign Direct Investment Office (Invest in Sharjah) has attracted foreign direct investment 
into Sharjah from outside the United Arab Emirates. Recorded foreign direct investment amounted to AED 
1,068 million, AED 878 million, AED 809 million and AED 5,123 million and AED 3,691 million in 2022, 
2021, 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively, using the methodology of the World Bank and the United Nations 
Conference on Trade and Development. The Sharjah Foreign Direct Investment Office is also active in 
promoting Sharjah across the globe, including in India, China, the United States, the Kingdom of Saudi 
Arabia, France, Italy, and Germany. 
Shurooq 
Shurooq, the Sharjah Investment and Development Authority, was established by Emiri Decree in 2009 as 
a public authority to support the economic development of Sharjah. Its objective is to attract foreign direct 
investment opportunities into the Emirate and to reshape the perception of the Emirate amongst 
international and regional communities. 
Shurooq's main areas of activity are: (i) increasing investment into Sharjah; (ii) creating new employment 
opportunities; (iii) targeting priority sectors, markets and investors; (iv) improving the business 
environment of Sharjah; and (v) creating awareness of Sharjah as a business destination. 
Shurooq has a general mandate to attract foreign direct investment across the economy. Shurooq undertook 
a major study in 2012 to identify sectors that had high potential to attract increased levels of investment 
and to lead future economic growth in Sharjah. This study identified travel and leisure, healthcare, 
transportation and logistics, and environmental industries as key areas of focus. Shurooq has since been 
focusing investment promotion activities in these sectors, supported by Government initiatives, such as 
development of new tourist facilities (travel and leisure); the establishment of a new healthcare free zone 
(healthcare); the expansion of seaport and airport activities (transportation and logistics); and the 
elimination of landfilling of municipal waste (environmental industries). 
Shurooq also acts directly in the travel and leisure sector through developments and joint ventures (see 
"Principal Sectors of the Economy — Social Accommodation and Food Service"). These projects are 
intended as breakthrough initiatives to encourage and enable the private sector to bring forward its own 
future high-quality developments. 
Sharjah Asset Management 
Initially set up in 2008 as a division of Sharjah Finance Department, in 2012, Sharjah Asset Management 
LLC ("SAM") was established as an independent entity solely dedicated to the expansion of Sharjah's 
wealth. Its objectives are to create a competitive economy for the emirate through best-in-class investments 
and deployment of dedicated professionals to maximise returns from investments and enhance the 
economic development of Sharjah. SAM's operations cover investment, real estate development, asset 
management and new business ventures. In addition to its shareholdings in various private sector companies 
(see "Public Finance — Government Assets and Investments — Government Investments" below), SAM 
manages publicly owned assets such as Souq Al Jubail fresh food market, Al Sajaa Industrial Oasis and 
Souq Al Haraj Auto Mall. It has entered into joint ventures in the real estate sector, such as Tilal Properties 
and Sharjah Holding, and the service delivery sector, including Rafid Automotive Solutions and Tasjeel 
vehicle registration service. 
Free Zones 
Free zones have been established in each of the emirates of the UAE. There are many incentives for foreign 
corporate entities to set up in one of the free zones in the UAE. Foreign corporate entities can operate in 
the free zones, and free zone incorporated entities can be 100 per cent. foreign owned unlike corporate 
entities registered in the UAE. Foreign corporate entities are not permitted to operate in the Emirate outside 
a free zone unless they operate in conjunction with a local partner. The ability to import into the free zones 
and to export without any import duties, taxes or currency restrictions being levied on the free zone entity 
has been a key driver for foreign corporate entities that are registered in the free zones. 
Free Zones in Sharjah 
The free zones in Sharjah offer 100 per cent. foreign ownership, a tax-free environment, free transfer of 
funds, competitive pricing, a one stop shop for business services and long-lease periods. The following free 
zones located in Sharjah are operational: (i) HFZ (supervised by the Hamriyah Free Zone Authority);

--- Page 83 ---
- 66 - 
 
 
(ii) SAIF Zone (supervised by the Sharjah Airport International Free Zone Authority); and (iii) Sharjah 
Healthcare City, which is a free zone dedicated to Healthcare. In addition, Sharjah has a media free zone, 
Shams (as defined herein), which was established by Emiri Decree in 2016 to play a lead role in growing 
the Emirate's media and creative sectors, attracting entrepreneurs and startups and developing local talent. 
As part of the research programme being undertaken by the Government, the Sharjah Research, Technology 
and Innovation Park Free Zone has been established adjacent to University City. This free zone is being 
created to develop and manage an ecosystem that promotes research and development, supports enterprise 
activities and the triple helix collaboration of industry, government and academia. 
Despite strong competition from other free zones, HFZ and SAIF Zone have contributed substantially to 
economic activity in Sharjah in recent years. The number of companies operating in each of HFZ and SAIF 
Zone are set out in the following table: 
 
2019 
2020 
2021 
2022 
2023 
HFZ ............................................................... 
5,180 
4,811 
4,737 
4,920 
5,155 
Saif Zone ....................................................... 
6,273 
5,618 
5,562 
5,346 
5,228 
Sharjah Media City ....................................... 
4,282 
6,992 
11,563 
13,323 
14,789 
SRTIP ........................................................... 
25 
55 
709 
1,431 
3,201 
Sharjah Publishing City ................................. 
51 
175 
2,017 
6,115 
11,094 
 
• 
Hamriyah Free Zone 
• 
HFZ is located 20 kilometres northeast of the centre of Sharjah City and is the second-
largest industrial free zone in the UAE. As at 31 December 2023, there were 5,155 
companies incorporated/licensed in HFZ from over 150 countries. HFZ is currently being 
expanded to provide increased space in the free zone in the maritime sector as well as the 
petrochemical and timber sectors. 
• 
Although a significant proportion of tenants in HFZ are involved in heavier and basic 
industries, due to HFZ's large land area and proximity to the ports, in practice a wide range 
of activities are conducted by companies operating in the free zone. As at 31 December 
2022, the top five tenants in HFZ were: (i) Lamprell Energy Ltd.; (ii) Damen Shipyard 
Sharjah FZE; (iii) Quality International Co. LTD. FZC; (iv) Eversendai Engineering FZE; 
and (v) Universal Energy FZE. As at 31 December 2023, the key sectors of HFZ, in terms 
of the number of companies operating in the free zone, were heavy engineering and 
equipment (19.0 per cent.), oil and gas, petrochemicals (15.0 per cent.), fabrication units 
(13.0 per cent.) and professional services (15.0 per cent.). 
• 
To support the SME sector, HFZ provides the Hamriyah SME Zone, a large area, 
established in 2008, supported by inner harbour facilities, which provides preferential 
economic treatment for SMEs in terms of discounted lease rents and rent holidays in 
applicable cases. The Hamriyah Free Zone Logistic Village was established to provide an 
all-in-one logistics and distribution centre for companies operating in HFZ, and comprises 
over 400 warehouse units, ranging from 275 to 600 square metres in size. Hamriyah MB 
Zone was established to cater for the requirements of micro business owners and offers 
convenient and practical business solutions for such business owners. 
• 
In addition to the 22 million square metres of land currently endowed to the HFZ in respect 
of the first and second phases of HFZ's development, another 4 million square metres has 
been allocated for the third phase of the HFZ's development, which is nearing completion 
and is set up for sectors such as steel, heavy engineering and allied industries. 
• 
Sharjah Airport International Free Zone 
• 
SAIF Zone is located adjacent to SIA, making it easily accessible by road to Sharjah's east 
and west coast seaports as well as providing connectivity by air. Established in 1995 with 
35 companies, as at 31 December 2023, SAIF Zone provided services to 5,228 companies 
employing over 39,091 people. 
• 
Given its location and the predominance of warehouse and office space, as compared to 
retail or industrial units, SAIF Zone has a particular focus on light to medium 
manufacturing, trading and professional services. There are also a number of business

--- Page 84 ---
- 67 - 
 
 
service companies operating from SAIF Zone who support other operators in the zone and 
the SIA area. For further details, see "Sharjah International Airport and Aviation" above. 
• 
Sharjah Media City 
• 
Sharjah Media City ("Shams") was established in January 2017, with a vision to be a 
world-class hub for media and creativity in the region. Shams comprises a tax-free city 
with modern infrastructure and services. Shams' mission is to make creative 
entrepreneurship accessible to all aspiring startups, SMEs and established companies 
striving to grow their business both locally and globally. Shams offers smart innovative 
services, coupled with a holistic community-centred approach. 
• 
Sharjah Research, Technology and Innovation Park 
• 
The Research, Technology and Innovation Park has been developed adjacent to American 
University of Sharjah campus, by the university's commercial and investment arm AUS 
Enterprises. Further development continues. The park encourages research, development 
and knowledge-intensive businesses to establish themselves in the free zone. 
• 
Sharjah Publishing City 
• 
Sharjah Publishing City is a centrally located and easily accessible free zone located seven 
minutes from Sharjah International Airport and 15 minutes from Dubai International 
Airport, with access to over 40 trading ports on Sheikh Bin Zayed Road. As a multifaceted 
business licensing organisation, Sharjah Publishing City provides business friendly 
legislation, business support services and offers entrepreneurs the expertise, knowhow, 
and tools to successfully and seamlessly set up businesses in the UAE, operating out of 
Sharjah.

--- Page 85 ---
- 68 - 
 
 
BALANCE OF PAYMENTS AND FOREIGN TRADE 
As Sharjah does not prepare separate balance of payment statistics, this section describes the UAE's balance 
of payments generally. 
The UAE has traditionally pursued a free-trade policy for deeper integration into the global trading system. 
The UAE pursues a free-trade policy by liberalising its trade regime through free-trade agreements 
("FTAs") with other countries and organisations. Being a member of the GCC, the UAE's trade policy is 
closely linked to the trade policy of the other GCC member countries on account of, amongst other things, 
the GCC Economic Agreement of 2002, which calls for a "collective negotiation strategy" in the conduct 
of FTAs with major trading partners, and the establishment of the GCC Customs Union in 2003, which was 
aimed at enhancing economic unity amongst the member states and allowing the member states to engage 
in FTA negotiations as a unified trading bloc. 
Balance of Payments 
Since there are no separate figures on the current and capital account for Sharjah, the table below gives the 
balance of payments for the UAE for each of the years indicated. 
 
2019 
2020 
2021 
2022 
2023 
Current account balance ............................. 
137.1 
77.5 
177.9 
240.5 
192.7 
Trade balance (FOB) ..................................... 
295.5 
221.6 
287.8 
255.4 
210.7 
Total exports of hydrocarbon ........................ 
220.8 
135.1 
230.8 
341.2 
318.5 
Total of non-hydrocarbon exports ................. 
415.0 
394.5 
415.0 
368.4 
423.6 
Re-exports(1) .................................................. 
516.6 
469.9 
545.4 
640.1 
713.5 
Total exports and re-exports (FOB) ............... 
1,152.4 
999.5 
1,191.2 
1,349.7 
1,455.6 
Total imports (FOB) ...................................... 
(856.9) 
(778.0) 
(903.4) 
(1,094.3) 
(1,245.0) 
Services (net)................................................. 
7.6 
59.7 
98.6 
211.1 
208.8 
Investment income (net) ................................ 
7.6 
(6.9) 
(2.7) 
0.2 
14.1 
Transfers (net) ............................................... 
(173.6) 
(196.9) 
(205.8) 
(226.2) 
(240.8) 
Financial account ........................................ 
(90.4) 
(97.1) 
(96.8) 
(313.2) 
2.5 
Errors and omissions ..................................... 
(11.3) 
6.0 
3.9 
1.3 
(1.7) 
Overall balance ............................................ 
35.7 
(13.1) 
85.0 
10.8 
196.5 
 _______________  
(1) Includes re-exports of non-monetary gold. 
Source: UAE Central Bank and UAE government sources. 
The UAE has a long history of positive trade balances reflecting the importance of its hydrocarbon exports, 
its more recent successful diversification into other export industries and its significant volumes of re-
exports. From total exports and re-exports, the UAE's hydrocarbon exports accounted for 19.2 per cent. in 
2019, 13.5 per cent. in 2020, 19.4 per cent. in 2021, 25.3 per cent. in 2022 and 21.9 per cent. in 2023. The 
UAE's re-exports accounted for 44.8 per cent. in 2019, 47.0 per cent. in 2020 and 45.8 per cent. in 2021, 
47.4 per cent. in 2022 and 49.0 per cent. in 2023. 
The value of the UAE's hydrocarbon exports, the vast majority of which are made by Abu Dhabi, can be 
volatile as they depend on prevailing oil prices and the prevailing OPEC production quotas policy. Crude 
oil makes up the largest part of the UAE's hydrocarbon exports, accounting for 47.3 per cent. in 2023. 
Data on non-trade flows into and out of the UAE is not complete and is routinely subject to revision, 
reflecting, in part, weaknesses of the central statistical bodies and, in part, the operations of the large free 
zones. In general, however, the UAE tends to have a non-trade balance deficit reflecting services outflows 
underlining the UAE's dependence on foreign services for the development of its industrial and services 
sectors. In addition, there are significant levels of current transfers principally reflecting expatriate workers' 
remittances. 
The UAE had a positive current account balance in each of 2019, 2020, 2021, 2022 and 2023 equal to 8.9 
per cent. 5.9 per cent., 11.7 per cent., 13.0 per cent. and 10.2 per cent., respectively, of the UAE's nominal 
GDP in each of these years. The reduction in the current account surplus in 2020 reflected lower overall 
volumes of global trade, as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, affecting both import and export levels, 
and particularly a lower value of hydrocarbon exports from the UAE. 
The UAE participates in the Article IV consultation process with the IMF. In November 2019, the IMF 
completed the UAE 2019 Article IV Consultation, which highlighted that economic activity was considered 
to be recovering and likely to pick up more momentum in 2020, helped by Expo 2020 and existing fiscal 
stimulus. It was noted in the consultation that sustaining growth momentum over the medium term and

--- Page 86 ---
- 69 - 
 
 
further diversifying the economy should remain key priorities, with government bodies fostering growth of 
the non-oil private sector, including SMEs, and developing transparent, rules-based fiscal frameworks. 
During the course of 2020, the IMF mission team held informal meetings with policy makers to discuss the 
economic developments and challenges that were caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. On 22 November 
2021, the IMF concluded the 2021 Article IV consultation with the UAE. The report summarising this 
consultation was published on 17 February 2022. The 2021 consultation summary commended the UAE 
on its successful COVID-19 vaccination programme and swift response to the COVID-19 pandemic, noting 
that there were still risks to the UAE's macro-economic stability as a result of the pandemic. The IMF team 
welcomed the UAE's ambitious structural reform agenda, including initiatives to support private sector 
development that could help lift productivity and potential growth and facilitate economic diversification. 
The main policy recommendations included ensuring the recovery and protecting the most vulnerable, 
safeguarding financial stability, strengthening fiscal policy frameworks, and fostering economic 
diversification and higher productivity growth. 
On 26 June 2023, the IMF concluded the 2022 Article IV consultation with the UAE. The end of mission 
press release published in June 2023 noted that UAE economic growth strengthened in 2022, benefitting 
from a rapid and effective COVID response, supportive fiscal measures, and the benefits of earlier social 
and business-friendly reforms. Fiscal and external surpluses are expected to remain high on the back of 
elevated oil prices. Banks are adequately capitalized and liquid overall, but nonperforming loans remain 
elevated, albeit down from recent peaks, and real estate prices have risen sharply in some segments. The 
IMF staff team noted that going forward the overall fiscal stance should remain prudent especially given 
the uncertainties from ongoing tightening in global and domestic financial conditions. It was also noted that 
major efforts had been advanced under the National AML/CFT Strategy and Action Plan and that reforms 
under the UAE 2050 Strategy should be sustained with a focus on diversification of the economy.  
In May 2024, the IMF concluded the 2024 Article IV consultation with the UAE. The end of mission press 
release published in May 2024 noted that strong economic growth in the UAE is being driven by robust 
domestic activity, while inflation remains contained. Relatively high oil prices are expected to support 
continued fiscal and external surpluses. Bank balance sheets have strengthened further, but continued close 
monitoring of financial stability risks, including from the real estate sector, and enhanced efforts to address 
the domestic liquidity surplus are warranted. Over the medium term, the overall fiscal stance should be 
supported by additional efforts to enhance non-oil revenue and strengthen fiscal transparency. Structural 
reforms will support these efforts. 
On 1 June 2014, the UAE was included in MSCI Inc.'s ("MSCI") Emerging Markets Index which captures 
large and mid-cap representation across 26 emerging market countries. The MSCI Emerging Markets Index 
is based on the MSCI Global Investable Indexed Methodology – a comprehensive and consistent approach 
to index construction that allows for meaningful global views and cross regional comparisons across all 
market capitalisation size, sector and style segments and combinations. 
Capital Account 
In general, the size of the UAE's trade and current account surpluses, coupled with the limited capacity of 
the local economy to absorb capital, ensures that net foreign capital flows have almost always been outward, 
entrenching the UAE's position as a net international creditor and foreign investor. Most capital outflows 
have been directed towards the U.S. and European capital markets although more recently there has also 
been an increase in direct investment in Europe, Asia, Africa and the wider Middle East. This has included 
entities wholly or partially owned by the governments of certain emirates purchasing significant stakes in 
foreign companies as well as major corporations, such as Emirates Telecommunications Group Company 
(Etisalat Group) PJSC, making significant acquisitions in order to boost their regional and international 
presence. 
In 2019, 2020, 2021, 2022 and 2023 the net deficit in the financial account was AED 90.4 billion, AED 
97.1 billion, AED 96.8 billion, AED 313.2 billion and 100.8 billion, respectively. The change in 2022 was 
mainly due to the significant increase in net outflow from the banking sector. 
According to data from the UAE Central Bank, capital transfers by the private sector increased from 
outflows of AED 139.6 billion in 2019 and AED 136.9 billion in 2020 to outflows of AED 140.5 billion 
and AED 148.0 billion in 2021 and 2022, respectively. In 2023, capital transfers by the private sector further 
increased to an outflow of AED 154.9 billion. Public sector net transfers abroad increased from AED 34.0

--- Page 87 ---
- 70 - 
 
 
billion in 2019, AED 60.0 billion, AED 65.3 billion, AED 78.2 billion and AED 85.9 billion in 2020, 2021, 
2022 and 2023, respectively.  
In 2023, the balance of payments showed an overall surplus of AED 196.5 billion, equal to 10.4 per cent. 
of the UAE's nominal GDP in that year. 
According to data from the UAE Central Bank, as at 31 December 2019, 31 December 2020, 31 December 
2021, 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2023, the UAE's net international reserves (including the IMF) 
amounted to AED 394.2 billion, AED 381.0 billion, AED 466.1 billion, AED 476.9 billion and AED 673.4 
billion, respectively (see "Monetary and Financial System — Foreign Reserves"). 
The surplus in the trade balance (FOB) decreased from AED 295.5 billion in 2019 to AED 221.6 billion in 
2020. The reduction in the surplus in the trade balance (FOB) in 2019 related to the lower value of exported 
hydrocarbons of all categories, compared with 2018. The reduction in the surplus in the trade balance (FOB) 
in 2020 was primarily the result of the contraction in global activities worldwide. The surplus in the trade 
balance (FOB) increased in 2021 to AED 287.8 billion. The increase in the surplus in the trade balance 
(FOB) in 2021 related to the higher value of exported hydrocarbons in all categories compared to previous 
years. The surplus in the trade balance (FOB) decreased in 2022 and 2023 to AED 255.4 billion and AED 
210.7 billion, respectively. The decreases in the surplus in the trade balance (FOB) in 2022 and 2023 were 
related primarily to decreases in the value of hydrocarbon exports and increases in the value of travel-
related imports and increases in foreign direct investment. 
Composition of UAE Foreign Trade 
The Government has not published data for the imports and exports of Sharjah since 2014, owing to 
methodological challenges. The section below summarises the UAE's foreign trade, using information 
compiled by the FCSA. Differences in reporting objectives and methodology mean that the aggregated 
trade data from the FCSA may not match with the trade totals published by the UAE Central Bank. 
 
 
2019 
2020 
2021 
2022 
2023 
 
 
 
 
 
For the year ended 31 December 
Top UAE export destinations, percentage of total non-
oil exports (export + re-export) based on value 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021 
2022 
 
(per cent.) 
Saudi Arabia ...................................................................... 
12.5 
12.8 
13.0 
12.3 
10.8 
India .................................................................................. 
7.4 
7.8 
6.8 
11.1 
9.3 
Iraq .................................................................................... 
6.5 
7.3 
7.8 
6.6 
8.3 
United States of America .................................................. 
3.6 
3.4 
3.2 
3.5 
4.4 
Oman ................................................................................. 
5.9 
5.8 
5.8 
4.7 
4.1 
China, Hong Kong Special Administrative Region ........... 
3.6 
3.0 
4.6 
5.0 
4.0 
China ................................................................................. 
2.9 
5.0 
4.8 
4.2 
3.9 
Kuwait ............................................................................... 
4.8 
4.6 
4.2 
4.2 
3.8 
Switzerland ....................................................................... 
5.4 
7.3 
5.9 
4.0 
3.8 
Turkey ............................................................................... 
2.5 
2.0 
3.5 
1.8 
3.1 
 
 
For the year ended 31 December 
Top sources of UAE imports, percentage of total 
imports based on value 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021 
2022 
 
(per cent.) 
China ................................................................................. 
15.5 
16.4 
18.4 
19.2 
20.3 
India .................................................................................. 
9.4 
10.7 
7.7 
7.7 
8.2 
United States of America .................................................. 
8.5 
8.0 
7.7 
6.2 
6.5 
Japan ................................................................................. 
5.6 
5.1 
4.4 
4.0 
3.6 
Turkey ............................................................................... 
1.4 
1.4 
1.4 
3.5 
2.9 
Saudi Arabia ...................................................................... 
3.1 
2.7 
3.0 
2.7 
2.8 
Italy ................................................................................... 
2.7 
2.6 
2.6 
3.0 
2.6

--- Page 88 ---
- 71 - 
 
 
 
For the year ended 31 December 
Top sources of UAE imports, percentage of total 
imports based on value 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021 
2022 
Germany ............................................................................ 
4.5 
4.0 
3.4 
3.1 
2.6 
Russian Federation ............................................................ 
0.9 
1.1 
0.9 
1.4 
2.5 
United Kingdom ................................................................ 
3.1 
2.9 
2.7 
2.0 
2.3 
 
 
For the year ended 31 December 
Top categories of UAE non-oil exports, percentage of 
total exports based on value 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021 
2022 
 
(per cent.) 
Gold including gold plated with platinum unwrought or 
in semi-manufactured forms, or in powder form ...........  
25.7 
29.0 
41.5 
36.5 
33.9 
Unwrought aluminium .....................................................  
9.1 
6.8 
4.7 
7.1 
6.3 
Petroleum oils and oils obtained from bituminous 
minerals, other than crude .............................................  
2.7 
7.2 
3.5 
4.0 
5.5 
Articles of jewellery and parts thereof ..............................  
5.0 
3.8 
2.1 
3.4 
4.3 
Cigars, cheroots, cigarillos and cigarettes, of tobacco or 
of tobacco substitutes. ...................................................  
5.4 
5.6 
4.6 
4.1 
4.2 
Copper wire ......................................................................  
4.4 
3.6 
2.5 
3.1 
3.2 
Polyethylene .....................................................................  
4.0 
3.3 
3.6 
3.4 
3.0 
Polymers of propylene or of other olefins, in primary 
forms.............................................................................  
2.7 
1.9 
2.4 
2.4 
2.2 
Unused postage, revenue or similar stamps of current or 
new issue in the country ................................................  
0.0 
0.1 
0.0 
0.2 
1.6 
Structures and parts of structures e.g., bridges and bridge 
sections, lock gates, towers, lattice masts, roofs, 
roofing framework ........................................................  
1.6 
1.8 
1.4 
1.3 
1.6 
 
 
For the year ended 31 December 
Top categories of UAE non-oil re-exports, percentage 
of total re-exports based on value 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021 
2022 
 
(per cent.) 
Telephones for cellular networks ...................................... 
16.0 
17.2 
20.7 
19.2 
17.5 
Diamonds .......................................................................... 
11.5 
9.3 
8.8 
13.1 
12.4 
Articles of jewellery and parts thereof ............................... 
10.9 
11.3 
4.9 
5.3 
5.6 
Petroleum oils and oils obtained from bituminous 
minerals, other than crude .............................................. 
2.3 
5.3 
4.1 
4.1 
5.5 
Cars ................................................................................... 
7.3 
6.1 
6.0 
5.4 
5.4 
Automatic data processing machines and units thereof ..... 
3.5 
3.4 
5.4 
4.9 
4.7 
Parts and accessories of motor vehicles ............................. 
2.0 
1.9 
2.4 
2.2 
2.4 
Parts of aircraft .................................................................. 
3.3 
2.3 
1.8 
1.5 
1.5 
Turbojets, turbo propellers and other gas turbines ............. 
1.3 
1.0 
1.1 
1.0 
1.3 
Unused Postage, revenue or similar stamps of current or 
new issue in the country ................................................. 
0.0 
0.0 
0.0 
0.1 
1.2 
 
 
For the year ended 31 December 
Top categories of UAE imports, percentage of total 
imports based on value 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021 
2022 
 
(per cent.) 
Gold (unwrought or in semi-manufactured forms) ...........  
11.8 
12.5 
17.0 
17.6 
17.4 
Telephones for cellular networks .....................................  
7.9 
8.6 
9.1 
9.8 
9.4 
Petroleum oils other than crude ........................................  
5.6 
6.6 
6.0 
4.6 
6.8 
Diamonds .........................................................................  
4.7 
4.2 
3.8 
5.3 
5.1 
Cars ..................................................................................  
6.1 
5.4 
4.7 
4.6 
5.0 
Articles of jewellery and parts thereof ..............................  
5.4 
5.8 
2.8 
3.7 
3.8 
Automatic data processing machines and units thereof ....  
2.4 
2.2 
3.0 
3.0 
2.9 
Turbojets, turbo propellers and other gas turbines ............  
2.4 
2.3 
1.8 
1.5 
1.9 
Medicaments ....................................................................  
1.3 
1.3 
1.5 
1.3 
1.1 
Parts and accessories of motor vehicles ............................  
1.1 
1.1 
1.1 
1.1 
1.0 
 _______________  
Source: FCSC 
 
Sharjah Foreign Trade 
External trade continues to be a significant contributor to the Sharjah economy. As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, efforts are underway to boost the export of Sharjah's manufactured products and services by 
implementing investor-friendly policies including low corporate taxation, zero export taxation, low import

--- Page 89 ---
- 72 - 
 
 
duties and free currency transfers. In general terms, Sharjah is a large producer of goods and materials used 
in manufacturing, construction and industrial activity across the UAE, the Arabian Gulf region and its wider 
trading zone, extending to the Indian subcontinent, the Levant region, north Africa and east Africa. Major 
private-sector exporters operate in economic sub-sectors such as oil platform construction, downstream 
hydrocarbons and petrochemicals, steel manufacture and shipbuilding. Sharjah also hosts a large amount 
of re-export trade, centered on its free zones, which builds on its ready access to important shipping lanes 
and Sharjah International Airport. As in the rest of the UAE, many consumer goods are imported into 
Sharjah, either directly through Sharjah ports or by road transit after arriving at other locations. As at the 
date of this Base Prospectus, detailed foreign trade statistical data for Sharjah is not available from 2015 
onwards.

--- Page 90 ---
- 73 - 
 
 
MONETARY AND FINANCIAL SYSTEM 
As Sharjah does not have a separate monetary or financial system, this section describes the UAE's 
monetary and financial system generally, although certain sections focus specifically on Sharjah where 
information is available. 
Monetary and Exchange Rate Policy 
The UAE's monetary and exchange rate policy is managed by the UAE Central Bank. The predecessor of 
the UAE Central Bank was the Currency Board which was established as per Union Law No. (2) of 1973. 
The Currency Board issued the UAE Dirham which replaced the Bahraini Dinar and the Qatari and Dubai 
Riyal currencies which were in use at the time. The UAE Central Bank was established as a public 
institution in 1980. The UAE Central Bank promotes financial and monetary stability, efficiency and 
resilience in the financial system and the protection of consumers through effective supervision intended to 
support economic growth for the benefit of the UAE and its people. It has powers to issue and manage the 
currency, manage the UAE's credit policy, develop and manage the banking system in the UAE and is the 
UAE's representative to international institutions such as the IMF, the World Bank and the Arab Monetary 
Fund. In addition, the UAE Central Bank has other regulatory tools at its disposal including macro 
prudential policies, reserve requirements, leverage caps, laws and reforms to strengthen financial stability 
and supervise the banking system. The UAE Central Bank supervises the UAE banking system through its 
Banking Supervision and Examination Department. 
The objective of the UAE's monetary policy is to facilitate the fixed exchange rate regime and maintaining 
a stable and convertible currency is a key policy objective. In common with many other GCC countries, 
and reflecting the fact that oil and gas revenues are priced in U.S. Dollars, the UAE Dirham is pegged to 
the U.S. Dollar. In the case of the UAE, the exchange rate has been maintained at AED 3.6725 = U.S.$1.00 
since 22 November 1980. There are no exchange controls in the UAE and the UAE Dirham is freely 
convertible. Monetary policy beyond the policy rate has focused on removing excess liquidity from oil 
revenues. The UAE Central Bank closely follows the U.S. Federal Reserve rate (due to the peg to the U.S. 
Dollar), maintaining the UAE's interest rate in line with rate cuts in the United States. 
The UAE's monetary policy has been focused on protecting its banking sector and a number of measures 
have been announced by the UAE Central Bank and Federal authorities in this regard. For example, 
following the 2008/2009 global financial crisis, the UAE Central Bank took a number of steps to reduce 
the sector's vulnerability to crises, including lending restrictions, revised mortgage caps and retail lending 
limitations. 
Liquidity and Money Supply 
The following table sets out certain liquidity indicators for the UAE for the periods indicated. 
 
For the year ended 31 December 
For the 
three 
months 
ended 
31 March 
Item 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021 
2022 
2023* 
2024* 
 
(AED Billions) 
Net International Reserves .............  
418.0 
485.3 
514.6 
620.8 
861.0 
1,146.8 
1,235.6 
Central Bank (Net) .........................  
358.4 
394.2 
381.1 
466.1 
476.9 
673.4 
730.7 
Gross International Reserves ............  
365.4 
397.9 
391.9 
481.5 
508.4 
695.9 
746.2 
Foreign Liabilities ............................  
7 
3.7 
10.8 
15.3 
31.5 
22.5 
15.5 
Banks (Net) .....................................  
59.6 
91.1 
133.5 
154.7 
384.1 
473.4 
504.9 
Foreign Assets ..................................  
679.6 
771.1 
849.1 
933.2 
1,191.0 
1,316.9 
1,382.3 
Foreign Liabilities ............................  
620.0 
680.0 
715.6 
778.5 
806.9 
843.5 
877.4 
Net Domestic Assets .........................  
890.2 
927.9 
964.1 
942.2 
842.7 
876.6 
898.9 
Claims on Private Sector ..................  
1,151.8 
1,159.1 
1,128.4 
1,145.8 
1,193.6 
1,268.0 
1,301.9 
Net Claims on Government ..............  
-4.7 
51.1 
86.7 
77.0 
(46.7) 
(105.1) 
(122.8) 
Claims on Official Entities ...............  
209.2 
223.6 
261.8 
277.9 
287.0 
330.7 
333.7 
Claims on Nonbank Financial 
Institutions ....................................  
32.1 
25.9 
28.2 
26.6 
25.7 
30.3 
28.0 
Capital and Reserves ........................  
(378.5) 
(417.9) 
(419.4) 
(428.61) 
(439.5) 
(508.6) 
(502.8) 
Other Items (net) ..............................  
(119.7) 
(113.9) 
(121.6) 
(156.54) 
(177.5) 
(138.8) 
(139.1) 
Money Supply M1 ...........................  
485.7 
515.0 
600.0 
701.9 
737.6 
829.3 
878.0 
Currency in Circulation Outside 
Banks ............................................  
70.5 
78.2 
94.7 
94.1 
101.9 
117.0 
127.1 
Monetary Deposits............................  
415.2 
436.8 
505.3 
607.8 
635.6 
712.3 
750.9 
Money Supply M2 ...........................  
1,308.4 
1,413.1 
1,478.5 
1,563.0 
1,703.6 
2,023.4 
2,134.5

--- Page 91 ---
- 74 - 
 
 
 
For the year ended 31 December 
For the 
three 
months 
ended 
31 March 
Item 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021 
2022 
2023* 
2024* 
Quasi – Money ................................  
822.7 
898.1 
878.5 
861.2 
966.0 
1,194.1 
1,256.5 
Foreign Currency Deposits ...............  
304.3 
322.5 
331.2 
340.4 
429.6 
530.1 
557.9 
Dirham Deposits ...............................  
518.4 
575.6 
547.3 
520.8 
536.5 
664.1 
698.7 
Money Supply M3 ...........................  
1,602.3 
1,717.4 
1,769.3 
1,856.9 
2,100.7 
2,445.2 
2,583.4 
Government Deposits .....................  
293.9 
304.3 
290.8 
293.9 
397.1 
421.8 
448.9 
 _________________  
Source: UAE Central Bank and UAE government sources. 
*Preliminary data subject to revision 
Money supply M1 increased from AED 737.6 billion as at 31 December 2022 to AED 829.3 billion as at 
31 December 2023 due to an increase in resident AED demand deposits with banks and an increase in 
currency issued by the UAE Central Bank. 
Money supply M1 increased from AED 701.9 billion as at 31 December 2021 to AED 737.6 billion as at 
31 December 2022. This was primarily due to a rise in monetary deposits by 4.6 per cent. to reach AED 
635.6 billion and a corresponding increase in currency in circulation outside banks by 8.3 per cent. to AED 
101.9 billion. 
Money supply M1 increased from AED 600 billion as at 31 December 2020 to AED 701.9 billion as at 31 
December 2021. This was primarily due to a rise in monetary deposits by 20.3 per cent. to reach AED 607.8 
billion partly offset by a decrease in currency in circulation outside banks by 0.6 per cent. to AED 94.1 
billion. 
Money supply M1 increased from AED 515 billion as at 31 December 2019 to AED 600 billion as at 31 
December 2020. This was primarily due to the rise in monetary deposits by 15.7 per cent. to reach AED 
505.3 billion and an increase in currency in circulation outside banks by 21.1 per cent. to reach AED 94.7 
billion. 
Money supply M1 increased from AED 485.7 billion as at 31 December 2018 to AED 515.0 billion as at 
31 December 2019. This change reflected fluctuations in monetary deposits from AED 415.2 billion as at 
31 December 2018 to AED 436.8 billion as at 31 December 2019. However, currency in circulation outside 
of banks increased from AED 70.5 billion as at 31 December 2018 to AED 78.2 billion as at 31 December 
2019. The increase reflected both the changes in money supply M1 as well as growth in quasi-monetary 
deposits in each period. 
Money supply M2 increased from AED 1,703.6 billion as at 31 December 2022 to AED 2,023.4 billion as 
at 31 December 2023 due to an increase in money supply M1 and an increase in resident UAE Dirhams 
savings and time deposits with banks. This increase was also due to an increase in resident foreign currency 
deposits (demand, savings and time) with banks. 
Money supply M2 increased from AED 1,563.0 billion as at 31 December 2021 to AED 1,703.6 billion as 
at 31 December 2022 due to the rise in money supply M1 and in quasi-monetary deposits. 
Money supply M2 increased from AED 1,478.5 billion as at 31 December 2020 to AED 1,563.0 billion as 
at 31 December 2021 due to the rise in money supply M1 partially offset by a decrease in quasi-monetary 
deposits. 
Money supply M2 increased from AED 1,413.1 billion as at 31 December 2019 to AED 1,478.5 billion as 
at 31 December 2020 as the rise in money supply in M1 was partially offset by a decrease in quasi-monetary 
deposits. This was primarily the result of low interest rates making term deposits less attractive. 
Money supply M2 increased from AED 1,308.4 billion as at 31 December 2018 to AED 1,413.1 billion as 
at 31 December 2019. Generally, median money supply M2 is considered the best indicator for the 
availability of liquidity in the economy, as it comprises currency in circulation outside banks, in addition 
to various deposits of all the resident sectors except the government sector in the UAE. 
Money supply M3 increased from AED 2,107.2 billion as at 31 December 2022 to AED 2,445.2 billion as 
at 31 December 2023 due to an increase in money supply M2 and increase in resident Government sector 
UAE Dirhams deposits with banks and the UAE Central Bank, offsetting in part the decrease in resident 
Government sector foreign currency deposits with banks.

--- Page 92 ---
- 75 - 
 
 
Money supply M3 increased to AED 2,100.7 billion as at 31 December 2022 compared to AED 1,856.9 
billion as at 31 December 2021. The increase reflects increases in money supply M2 between 31 December 
2021 and 31 December 2022. 
Money supply M3 increased to AED 1,856.9 billion as at 31 December 2021 compared to AED 1,769.3 
billion in 2020. The increase reflects increases in money supply M2 between 31 December 2020 and 31 
December 2021. 
Money supply M3 increased from AED 1,602.3 billion as at 31 December 2018 to AED 1,717.4 billion in 
2019 to AED 1,769.3 billion in 2020. The increases reflected both increases in money supply M2 as well 
as increases in government deposits in all annual periods (excluding 2020). 
Foreign Reserves 
The table below shows the foreign asset holdings of the UAE Central Bank at period end for each of the 
periods presented. 
 
As at 31 December 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021 
2022 
2023* 
 
(AED Billions) 
Foreign Assets of the Central 
Bank ................................. 
362.6 
394.7 
388.1 
466.5 
493.9 
681.2 
 _______________  
Source: UAE Central Bank Balance of Payments and UAE government sources. 
*Preliminary data 
As at 31 December 2023, based on preliminary estimates, the foreign asset holdings of the UAE Central 
Bank amounted to AED 681.2 billion. 
The UAE Central Bank's gross international reserves are principally held in deposit accounts with banks 
outside the UAE or are invested in securities and treasury bills issued by non-UAE issuers. The official 
reserves figure, however, excludes the stock of publicly controlled foreign assets held in other accounts in 
investment bodies controlled by individual emirates as well as the EIA. 
Banking and Financial Services 
As at 30 June 2023 and in addition to the 21 branches of BoS, Invest Bank, United Arab Bank and SIB 
(combined) each located in the Emirate, the Emirate also had an additional 53 branches of non-Sharjah 
based national banks and 13 branches of foreign banks (out of 72 foreign banks and branches throughout 
the UAE). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Government owned 39.25 per cent. of the share capital 
of BoS (through SAM), following an equity injection of AED 800 million in June 2023, and 37.55 per cent. 
of the share capital of SIB (through SAM and SSSF), and 50.01 per cent. of the share capital of Invest 
Bank. 
As at 31 December 2018, BoS, Invest Bank, United Arab Bank and SIB had AED 29,123 million, AED 
14,026 million, AED 20,511 million and AED 44,746 million in total assets, respectively. 
As at 31 December 2019, BoS, Invest Bank, United Arab Bank and SIB had AED 32,689 million, AED 
11,705 million, AED 19,125 million and AED 46,390 million in total assets, respectively. 
As at 31 December 2020, BoS, Invest Bank, United Arab Bank and SIB had AED 36,143 million, AED 
8,734 million, AED 14,849 million and AED 53,601 million in total assets, respectively. 
As at 31 December 2021, BoS, Invest Bank, United Arab Bank and SIB had AED 39,542 million, AED 
10,059 million, AED 15,180 million and AED 54,957 million in total assets, respectively. 
As at 31 December 2022, BoS, Invest Bank, United Arab Bank and SIB had AED 33,562 million, AED 
10,059 million, AED 15,180 million and AED 54,957 million in total assets, respectively. 
As at 31 December 2023, BoS, Invest Bank, United Arab Bank and SIB had AED 39,460 million, AED 
12,032 million, AED 17,648 million and AED 65,879 million in total assets, respectively. 
All banks in the UAE operate under the supervision of the UAE Central Bank.

--- Page 93 ---
- 76 - 
 
 
The table below provides a statistical analysis of the UAE banking sector for the periods indicated. 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021 
2022 
2023(1) 
 
(AED millions) 
Total assets ..................................................... 
2,868,516 
3,082,934 
3,188,014 
3,321,488 
3,667,611 
4,075,163 
Foreign assets ................................................. 
679,647 
771,092 
849,077 
933,169 
1,191,027 
1,316,925 
Foreign assets to total assets (%) .................... 
23.7% 
25.0% 
26.6% 
28.1% 
32.5% 
32.3% 
Foreign liabilities ............................................ 
619,990 
679,979 
715,606 
778,461 
806,943 
843,503 
Foreign liabilities to total liabilities (%) .......... 
21.6% 
22.1% 
22.4% 
23.4% 
22.0% 
20.7% 
Deposits(2) ....................................................... 
1,755,650 
1,870,184 
1,884,545 
1,996,527 
2,222,226 
2,521,917 
Residents ........................................................ 
1,542,237 
1,648,812 
1,682,102 
1,765,533 
2,009,696 
2,320,384 
of which: Corporate ........................................ 
590,877 
607,023 
606,207 
671,422 
790,086 
976,686 
Non-residents ................................................. 
213,413 
221,372 
202,443 
230,994 
212,530 
201,533 
of which: Corporate ........................................ 
91,889 
87,964 
72,250 
82,170 
103,101 
109,874 
Bank credit (domestic) .................................... 
1,509,437 
1,592,609 
1,596,786 
1,618,957 
1,650,937 
1,738,043 
of which: credit to private sector(3) .................. 
1,150,018 
1,149,953 
1,124,913 
1,137,528 
1,185,901 
1,261,288 
Total number of national banks and branches . 
832 
741 
619 
596 
586 
511 
Total number of foreign banks and branches .. 
140 
140 
134 
133 
134 
111 
Number of employees in banks (UAE)(4) ..... 
36,629 
35,637 
33,444 
33,491 
35,830 
38,173 
 _________________  
(1) 
Preliminary. 
(2) 
Excluding inter-bank deposits. 
(3) 
Including claims on other financial institutions. 
(4) 
Excluding auxiliary staff. 
Source: UAE Central Bank and UAE government sources. 
Supervision of Banks 
The UAE Central Bank, established in 1980, is the governing body that regulates and supervises all banks 
operating in the UAE. The UAE Central Bank has supervisory responsibility for all banking institutions in 
the UAE. Supervision is carried out through on-site inspections and review of periodic submissions from 
the banks. The frequency of inspection depends on the perceived risk of the bank, but inspections are carried 
out in all banks at least once every 18 months. Returns are made monthly, quarterly, semi-annually or 
annually, depending on the nature of the information they are required to contain. 
The UAE Central Bank has adopted a Risk Based Supervision ("RBS") approach to bank supervision. This 
approach is forward-looking and is designed to identify, assess, measure, monitor and control key risks that 
licensed institutions in the UAE banking and financial markets are exposed to. Under the RBS approach, 
the Enforcement Division of the UAE Central Bank assesses the risk management policies and practices 
that licensed institutions use to control, reduce and mitigate risk. The Enforcement Division specifically 
focuses on risk areas that pose the greatest risk to the banks' safety and institutional soundness. 
Historically, the UAE Central Bank has not acted as a lender of last resort, a role which has tended to fall 
on the individual Emirates. However, the introduction by the UAE Central Bank in 2014 of the Interim 
Marginal Lending Facility (the "IMLF") enables non-Islamic UAE banks to use certain rated or Federal 
Government entity issued assets as collateral to access UAE Central Bank liquidity overnight in order to 
help their liquidity management (see further "Recent Trends in Banking — Liquidity" below). 
The UAE Central Bank's activities are currently dictated by the 2018 Banking Law, which came into force 
in the UAE on 30 September 2018. The 2018 Banking Law repealed two of the UAE's older banking laws 
including the Federal Law No. 10 of 1980 concerning the status of the UAE Central Bank and its roles 
managing the currency and supervising the activities of banks and finance companies. The second was the 
Federal Law No. 6 of 1986 in relation to Islamic banking activities. The 2018 Banking Law reconfirms the 
UAE Central Bank's role in supervising the banking system in the UAE, directing monetary policy and 
ensuring economic stability through adequate fiscal policies and consumer protection mechanisms. The 
2018 Banking Law also extends the scope of authority of the UAE Central Bank through changes designed 
to modernise the framework for the licensing and supervision of financial services activities in the state to 
bring regulation in line with international best practice. 
The UAE Central Bank is also responsible for regulating anti-money laundering activities in the UAE. It 
has established a Financial Intelligence Unit and hosted teams from the Financial Action Task Force 
("FATF") and the IMF which reviewed, discussed and tested existing UAE laws and regulations. The FATF 
is an independent inter-governmental body that develops and promotes policies to protect the global 
financial system against money laundering, terrorist financing and the financing of proliferation of weapons 
of mass destruction.

--- Page 94 ---
- 77 - 
 
 
In April 2020, the FATF issued its Mutual Evaluation Report ("MER") on the UAE's anti-money 
laundering ("AML") and combatting the financing of terrorism ("CFT") measures. Based on an assessment 
conducted in 2019, the MER analyses the level of the UAE's compliance with the FATF's 40 
recommendations and the effectiveness of its AML/CFT system and provides recommendations on how 
the system could be strengthened. Based on the MER, the UAE's National Strategy has been revised in line 
with the risks identified in the MER and the UAE's National Risk Assessment. 
In March 2022, the FATF added the UAE to its "grey list" of high-risk jurisdictions noting that the UAE 
had made significant progress in relation to anti-money laundering and counter-terrorism financing since 
May 2020 but was still expected to make improvements in several areas including in relation to financial 
crime investigations. The FATF's report released in October 2023 commended the UAE's progress in 
aligning with standards, highlighting substantial improvements in the anti-money laundering and counter-
terrorist financing regulatory framework, and the FATF confirmed that the UAE had satisfied its action 
plan. On 23 February 2024, the FATF removed the UAE from the "grey list". 
The UAE ranks 27 on Transparency International's Corruption Perceptions Index 2022, which ranks 180 
countries in terms of their perceived level of public sector corruption. In early 2019, the UAE authorities 
finalised a national risk assessment shared with key stakeholders and conducted outreach programmes. The 
output of the national risk assessment was embedded in the UAE Central Bank's risk-based supervisory 
approach. 
Although the UAE Central Bank is responsible for regulating all banks, exchange houses, investment 
companies and other financial institutions in the UAE, the Dubai Financial Services Authority regulates all 
banking and financial services activities in the Dubai International Financial Centre except for onshore 
activities which are still regulated by the UAE Central Bank. Similarly, in the Abu Dhabi Global Market in 
Abu Dhabi ("ADGM"), the ADGM Financial Services Regulatory Authority regulates activity in the 
financial services sector except for onshore activities. 
The UAE Central Bank has published regulations relating to non-bank financial institutions and digital 
payments and is working on further regulations relating to payments and fintech. A new stored value 
facilities regulation was issued in November 2020. A new crowd lending regulation was issued in 
November 2020. In April 2021, the UAE Central Bank issued a SME Market Conduct Regulation to 
promote best practices among licensed financial institutions engaging with SMEs. The objective of the 
regulation is to enhance SMEs' access to financial products and services. 
The UAE Central Bank has commenced work on a bank recovery and resolution framework. New consumer 
protection regulations were published in early 2021. Consultation on a new regulatory framework for 
Islamic finance in the UAE was completed in 2020 and a number of new regulations giving effect to the 
framework were issued in 2020. 
A new corporate governance framework for banks operating in the UAE was put in place in 2019. The new 
Corporate Governance Regulation and accompanying Standards were published in August 2019. The 
framework introduces sector-wide polices in line with international best practices, such as the inclusion of 
independent directors in banks' boards and mandatory committees, the reinforcement of the fit-and-proper 
process for members of boards and senior management and the introduction of minimum disclosure 
requirements in banks' annual governance reports. 
In 2020, the UAE Central Bank developed a FinTech strategy to underpin the Federal government's drive 
to establish the UAE as a leading global FinTech hub. The strategy aims to stimulate innovation and 
collaboration within a culture of robust risk management. To ensure effective FinTech strategy 
implementation, the UAE Central Bank has launched a dedicated FinTech office and initiatives including 
the development of a common FinTech regulatory framework, the establishment of co-sandboxing 
arrangements among regulatory authorities to facilitate faster technological developments and streamline 
regulatory approval processes, the development of an electronic know your customer protocol to enable 
non-face-to-face and digital onboarding processes, the implementation of a distributed ledger technology 
based trade finance platform to reduce the risk of trade fraud and the creation of a FinTech talent 
development programme. In 2014, the UAE's first bitcoin exchanged launched in Dubai and, in July 2021, 
it was announced that the UAE Central Bank had an interest in issuing a central bank digital currency (the 
"CBDC"). The launch of the CBDC was announced as part of the UAE Central Banks' 2023-2026 strategy. 
The UAE Central Bank also intends to promote digital transformation in the UAE's financial services sector 
and increase financial inclusion through the use of digital IDs and artificial intelligence to improve 
monitoring and compliance.

--- Page 95 ---
- 78 - 
 
 
Since 1999, regulated banks in the UAE have been required to report in accordance with International 
Financial Reporting Standards issued by the International Accounting Standards Board. 
Characteristics of the Banking System 
The UAE banks are predominantly focused on the domestic market. With much of the economy directly or 
indirectly dependent on the oil sector, the UAE banks are vulnerable during long periods of low oil prices. 
In particular, oil revenues tend to drive levels of liquidity. There is a high degree of state involvement in 
the UAE banking sector, with the five-largest banks having some degree of ownership by the governments 
and/or ruling families of individual emirates. 
Additionally, a number of banks have developed in the Islamic world, including in the UAE, to serve 
customers who wish to observe Shari'a principles, including the prohibition on the charging of interest on 
any financial transaction. These institutions offer a range of products, which broadly correspond to 
conventional banking transactions but are structured to ensure that all relevant Shari'a principles are 
complied with. The principal Sharjah based Islamic bank is SIB. 
Anti-Money Laundering Legislation and Measures 
The UAE takes an active part in the fight against money laundering and the financing of terrorism. The 
crimes of money laundering and financing of terrorism and the financing of illegal organisations are covered 
under federal criminal statutes and the federal penal code. Federal legislation and the implementation of 
regulations to combat these crimes are in force throughout the UAE, including the Financial and 
Commercial Free Zones and their implementation and enforcement are the responsibility of the relevant 
regulatory and supervisory authorities in either the federal or local jurisdictions. 
The principal AML and CFT legislation within the UAE is Federal Decree-Law No. (20) of 2018 on Anti-
Money Laundering and Combatting the Financing of Terrorism and Financing of Illegal Organisations 
and implementing regulation, Cabinet Decision No. (10) of 2019 Concerning the Implementing Regulation 
of Decree Law No. (20) of 2018 On Anti-Money Laundering and Combating the Financing of Terrorism 
and Illegal Organisations. The legislative and regulatory framework of the UAE is part of a larger 
international AML/CFT Legislative and regulatory framework made up of a system of intergovernmental 
legislative bodies and international and regional regulatory organisations. 
In 2019, the Supervisory Authorities of the UAE published Anti-Money Laundering and Combatting the 
Financing of Terrorism and the Financing of Illegal Organisations for Financial Institutions ("Guidelines"), 
to provide guidance and assistance to supervised financial institutions such as the Central Bank of the UAE 
and aid their understanding and long-term effective performance of their statutory obligations under the 
legal and regulatory framework in force in the UAE. These Guidelines do not constitute additional 
legislation or regulation and are not intended to set legal, regulatory or judicial precedent. They are intended 
instead to be read in conjunction with the relevant laws, cabinet decisions, regulations and regulatory 
rulings which are currently in force in the UAE and their respective Free Zones. The Guidelines apply to 
all financial institutions established and/or operating in the UAE and their respective Financial and 
Commercial Free Zones, whether they establish or maintain a business relationship with a customer, or 
engage in any of the financial activities and/or transactions or the trade and/or business activities outlined 
in Articles (2) and (3) of Cabinet Decision No. (10) of 2019 Concerning the Implementing Regulation of 
Decree Law No. (20) of 2019 on Anti-Money Laundering and Combating the Financing of Terrorism and 
Illegal Organisations. These guidelines are also applicable to the members of these financial institutions' 
boards of directors, management and employees. 
Specifically, they are applicable to all such natural and legal persons in the following categories: 
• 
Banks, finance companies, exchange houses, money service business (including hawaladar or 
other monetary value transfer services); 
• 
Insurance companies, agencies and brokers; 
• 
Securities and commodities brokers, dealers, advisers, investment managers; and 
• 
Other financial institutions not mentioned above.

--- Page 96 ---
- 79 - 
 
 
Structure of the Banking System 
Banking institutions in the UAE fall into a number of categories. Domestic commercial banks, of which 
there were 22 as at 31 December 2023, are required to be public shareholding companies with a minimum 
share capital of AED 2.0 billion. These domestic commercial banks held 88.6 per cent. of the UAE's total 
banking assets as at 31 December 2023.  
Licensed foreign commercial banks, of which there were 39 as at 31 December 2023, need to demonstrate 
that at least AED 100 million has been allocated as capital funds for their operations in the UAE. The 1980 
Law also licenses financial institutions (institutions whose principal functions are to extend credit, carry 
out financial transactions, invest in moveable property and other activities but are not permitted to accept 
funds in the form of deposits), investment banks (institutions which may not accept deposits with maturities 
of less than two years but which may borrow from their head office or other banks and the financial markets) 
and financial and monetary intermediaries (money and stock brokers). 
Capital Adequacy 
All banks are required to follow the principles of the Basel accord in calculating their capital adequacy 
ratios. Basel II was introduced effective 17 November 2009, by way of UAE Central Bank Circular Number 
27/2009. Since 1993, the UAE Central Bank had imposed a 10 per cent. minimum total capital ratio on all 
UAE banks. In a circular dated 30 August 2009, the UAE Central Bank announced amendments to its 
capital adequacy requirements, such that UAE banks were required to have a total capital adequacy ratio 
of at least 11 per cent., with a Tier I ratio of not less than 7 per cent., by 30 September 2009. Furthermore, 
the UAE Central Bank required banks operating in the UAE to increase their Tier I capital adequacy ratio 
to at least 8 per cent., with a minimum total capital adequacy ratio of at least 12 per cent., by 30 June 2010. 
Thereafter, through its circular dated 17 November 2009 introducing Basel II, the UAE Central Bank stated 
that it was expected that the main banks in the UAE would move to the Foundation Internal Rating Based 
approach under Basel II in due course. Through this circular, the UAE Central Bank reiterated that all banks 
operating in the UAE were required to maintain a minimum capital adequacy ratio of 11 per cent. at all 
times, increasing to 12 per cent. by 30 June 2010 and also laid out its expectations in relation to Pillar II 
and Pillar III of the Basel II framework. Profits for the current period, goodwill, other intangibles, unrealised 
gains on investments and any shortfall in loan loss provisions are deducted from regulatory capital. 
Whilst the calculation of capital adequacy ratios in the UAE follows the Bank of International Settlements 
guidelines, claims on or guaranteed by GCC central governments and central banks are risk-weighted at 
zero per cent., and claims on GCC government non-commercial public sector entities are risk-weighted at 
50 per cent. Banks in the UAE are required to transfer 10 per cent. of profit each year into a statutory reserve 
until this reaches 50 per cent. of capital. Distributions cannot be made from this reserve, except in special 
legally defined circumstances. All dividends paid by UAE banks must be authorised in advance by the UAE 
Central Bank. 
The following table sets out the capital adequacy ratio of all UAE national banks for each of the periods 
presented. 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021 
2022 
2023 
 
(per cent.) 
Total capital adequacy ratio.........................  
17.5 
17.7 
18.2 
17.2 
17.4 
17.4 
Tier I capital adequacy ratio ........................  
16.2 
16.5 
17.1 
16.1 
16.2 
16.1 
 _______________  
Source: UAE Central Bank 
As at 31 December 2023, the total capital adequacy ratio of all UAE national banks was 17.4 per cent. and 
the tier I capital adequacy ratio was 16.1 per cent. 
The Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (the "Basel Committee") has put forward a number of 
fundamental reforms to the regulatory capital framework for internationally active banks. On 16 December 
2010 and 13 January 2011, the Basel Committee issued the Basel III Reforms, constituting guidance on the 
eligibility criteria for Tier I and Tier II capital instruments as part of a package of new capital and liquidity 
requirements intended to reinforce capital standards and to establish minimum liquidity standards for credit 
institutions ("Basel III").

--- Page 97 ---
- 80 - 
 
 
Basel III does not replace Basel II, rather, it implements a series of modifications to the existing regulatory 
structure. 
Basel III increases the quantity and quality of the regulatory capital banks are required to hold. In particular, 
the changes refer to, amongst other things, new requirements for the capital base, measures to strengthen 
the capital requirements for counterparty credit and market exposures arising from certain assets and 
transactions and the introduction of a leverage ratio as well as short-term and longer-term standards for 
funding liquidity. The most significant features of the reforms introduced by Basel III are as follows: 
Capital base 
Between 2013 and 2019, the common equity component of capital (known as Core Tier I) increased from 
2 per cent. of a bank's risk-weighted assets before certain regulatory deductions to 4.5 per cent. after such 
deductions. In addition, a new capital conservation buffer was introduced, as well as a zero to 2.5 per cent. 
counter-cyclical capital buffer. As a result, the overall capital requirement (Tier I and Tier II) increased 
from 8 per cent. at the Basel II baseline to 10.5 per cent. by 2019 with full Basel III implementation. 
Common equity 
Common equity will continue to form the basis of Tier I capital, but other hybrid capital instruments 
permitted under Basel II will be replaced with instruments that are more loss absorbing and do not have 
incentives to redeem. Non-qualifying instruments issued on or after 12 September 2010 were derecognised 
in full from 1 January 2013; certain other instruments issued prior to 12 September 2010 which qualified 
as Tier I capital under Basel II but do not so qualify under Basel III, consisting of, among other instruments, 
perpetual non-cumulative preference shares, will be gradually derecognised at a rate of 10 per cent. per year 
from 2013 to 2023. 
Capital charges 
Increased capital charges will be introduced with respect to re-securitisation exposures and certain liquidity 
commitments held in the banking book will require more capital. With respect to a bank's trading books, 
more robust risk assessment methodologies will be utilised to value assets and increased counterparty and 
market risk charges will be assessed for exposure to other financial institutions and securitised assets. 
Leverage ratio 
A minimum 3 per cent. leverage ratio, measured against a bank's gross (and not risk-weighted) balance 
sheet, was adopted on a trial basis until 2018 and definitively adopted in 2019. 
Liquidity standards 
A "liquidity coverage ratio" requiring high-quality liquid assets to equal or exceed certain cash outflows 
was adopted in 2015, thereby ensuring that a bank has sufficient high-quality liquid assets to survive a 
one-month period of market stress. In addition, a "net stable funding ratio" requiring "available" stable 
funding sources to equal or exceed "required" stable funding was adopted in 2018, thereby ensuring that a 
bank has access to capital or high-quality funding to survive a one-year period of market stress. 
The UAE Central Bank issued guidelines on the implementation of Basel III in July 2012 under the heading 
"Liquidity Regulations at Banks" (see "Liquidity" below for further details). Since then, the UAE Central 
Bank has been preparing local institutions for the implementation of the Basel III standards. In addition, on 
23 February 2017, the UAE Central Bank published the "Regulations re Capital Adequacy" (the "February 
2017 Regulations") in UAE official gazette issue 612, which became effective from 1 February 2017. The 
February 2017 Regulations are intended to ensure that the capital adequacy of all banks operating in the 
UAE is in line with the Basel III requirements. The February 2017 Regulations are supported by 
accompanying standards (the "Accompanying Standards") which were published by the UAE Central 
Bank on 17 January 2018 in its Circular No. 28/2018 entitled "Standard re Capital Supply" and were 
expressed to be effective from 31 December 2017. The Accompanying Standards elaborate on the 
supervisory expectations of the UAE Central Bank, as set out in the February 2017 Regulations, with 
respect to the relevant Basel III capital adequacy requirements and how they will be applied by the UAE 
Central Bank to banks in the UAE. 
In November 2020, the UAE Central Bank issued the "Regulations re Capital Adequacy" standards (the 
"November 2020 Regulations"). The following standards of the November 2020 Regulations are effective

--- Page 98 ---
- 81 - 
 
 
as of August 2021: Tier Capital Supply, Tier Capital Instruments, Pillar 2 - ICAAP, Credit Risk, Market 
Risk and Operational Risk. 
The standards on credit risk, market risk, operational risk and other remaining capital standards were 
initially issued on 7 January 2020 and were supposed to become effective on 30 June 2020 but were 
postponed due to COVID-19. The UAE Central Bank decided to implement the remaining capital standards 
in a phased-in approach instead, starting with the standards on credit, market and operational risk, which 
became effective in the second quarter of 2021 (phase 1). The standards on counterparty credit risk, equity 
investment in funds, securitisations, leverage ratio and Pillar 3 (except for credit value adjustment 
("CVA")) became effective in the fourth quarter of 2021 (phase 2). The remaining standard on CVA and 
Pillar 3 for CVA became effective from 30 June 2022. 
As part of the TESS, banks in the UAE were able to utilise 100 per cent. of their domestic systemically 
important bank buffer and 60 per cent. of their capital conservation buffer without supervisory 
consequences until 31 December 2021. In addition, the UAE Central Bank is allowing banks to apply a 
prudential filter to IFRS 9 expected loss provisions. The prudential filter allows any increase in IFRS 9 
provisioning compared to 31 December 2019 to be partially added back to regulatory capital. This will 
allow IFRS 9 provisions to be gradually phased-in over a five-year period until 31 December 2024. 
Liquidity 
The UAE Central Bank closely monitors the level of liquidity in the banking system. It also requires that 
banks have in place adequate systems and controls to manage their liquidity positions, as well as 
contingency funding plans to cope with periods of liquidity stress. 
Banks must also adhere to a maximum loan to deposit ratio of 100 per cent. set by the UAE Central Bank. 
In this context, loans comprise loans and advances to customers and interbank assets maturing after three 
months. 
UAE banks are mostly funded through on demand- or time-based customer deposits made by private 
individuals or private sector companies based in the UAE. According to preliminary data made available 
by the UAE Central Bank, resident deposits constituted approximately 92.0 per cent. of total deposits of 
the UAE bank deposits (excluding inter-bank deposits and bank drafts but including commercial 
prepayments and borrowings under repurchase agreements) as at 31 December 2023 and 90.4 per cent. of 
total deposits as at 31 December 2022. Government and GRE deposits constituted approximately 24.9 per 
cent. of total resident deposits as at 31 December 2023 (excluding inter-bank deposits and bank drafts but 
including commercial prepayments and borrowings under repurchase agreements). 
In line with Basel III requirements, the UAE Central Bank has issued UAE Central Bank Notice No. 
33/2015 on liquidity requirements (which was issued by the UAE Central Bank on 27 May 2015 and which 
entered into force with effect from 1 July 2015, replacing Central Bank Notice No. 30/2012) (the "Liquidity 
Notice") which includes a set of qualitative and quantitative liquidity requirements for UAE banks. The 
qualitative requirements set out in the Liquidity Notice elaborate on the responsibilities of a UAE bank's 
board of directors and senior management as well as the overall liquidity risk framework. The regulations 
are intended to ensure that liquidity risks are well managed at banks operating in the UAE and are in line 
with the Basel Committee's recommendations and international best practices. 
The quantitative requirements set out in the Liquidity Notice are intended to ensure that each UAE bank 
holds a minimum level of liquid assets which allow it to sustain a short-term liquidity stress (in 
circumstances both specific to that bank and market wide). In particular, the requirements include two 
interim ratios which are intended to apply until the Basel III LCR and NSFR (each as defined in the table 
below) come into effect. These include the following: 
 
Ratio 
Applicability Period 
Interim ratios: 
Liquid Asset Ratio (LAR > =10%) 
1 January 2013 – 30 June 2015 
 
Eligible Liquid Assets Ratio (ELAR > = 10%) 
1 July 2015 – December 2017 
 
Advances to Stable Resources Ratio (ASRR 
< 100%) 
1 June 2013 – December 2017 
Basel III ratios: 
Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR > 100%) 
January 2018 onwards 
 
Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR < 100%) 
January 2018 onwards

--- Page 99 ---
- 82 - 
 
 
The liquid asset ratio (the "LAR") was an interim ratio designed to apply until the LCR comes into effect 
(as described below). Following the entering into force of the Liquidity Notice on 1 July 2015, the LAR 
was replaced with the eligible liquid assets ratio (the "ELAR"). Under the ELAR, UAE banks are required 
to hold an amount equivalent to at least 10 per cent. of their liabilities in high-quality liquid assets (including 
cash held with the UAE Central Bank, the UAE Central Bank CDs and certain UAE local government and 
public sector entity publicly traded instruments). 
The Liquidity Notice also includes the option for UAE banks to apply to the UAE Central Bank to move to 
assessment of bank liquidity as against the LCR, in addition to the ELAR, with effect from 1 January 2016. 
Any UAE banks taking up this option were required to comply only with the ELAR until 1 January 2016, 
after which date they are required to move to a dual-compliance regime as to liquidity as against the ELAR 
and the LCR (subject to receipt of UAE Central Bank approval). 
The liquidity coverage ratio (the "LCR") represents a 30-day stress scenario with combined assumptions 
covering both bank-specific and market-wide stresses. These assumptions are applied to contractual data 
representing the main liquidity risk drivers at banks to determine cash outflows within the 30-day stress 
scenario. The LCR requires that UAE banks should always be able to cover the net cash outflow with high 
quality liquid assets at the minimum LCR determined by the UAE Central Bank. The Basel III accord 
requires that this minimum is 100 per cent. The Liquidity Notice describes in detail high quality liquid 
assets for this purpose. 
The advances to stable resources ratio (the "ASRR") is an interim ratio that recognises both the actual uses 
as well as the likely uses of funds in terms of contractual maturity and behavioural profile of the sources of 
funds available to the bank, in order to ensure that there are limited maturity mismatches and cliff effects. 
The net stable funding ratio (the "NSFR") is a structural ratio that aims to ensure that banks have adequate 
stable funding to fund the assets on their balance sheets. It also requires an amount of stable funding to 
cover a portion of the relevant UAE bank's contingent liabilities. The NSFR mirrors the Basel III NSFR 
standard. The NSFR identifies the key uses of funds and the different types of funding sources used by the 
UAE banks. It assigns available stable funding ("ASF") factors to the sources of funds and required stable 
funding (usage) factors to asset classes and off-balance sheet contingent exposures. The assigned ASF 
factor depends on the terms of funding and the perceived stability of the funding sources. The assigned 
ASF factor will depend on the liquidity of the asset being funded under a market-wide stress. Both factors 
will follow the Basel III NSFR standard. 
Provisions for Loan Losses 
The UAE Central Bank stipulates that non-performing credits should be classified as either substandard, 
doubtful or loss, depending on the likelihood of recovery, with provisions charged at a minimum of 25 per 
cent., 50 per cent. and 100 per cent. on the relevant amount (net of any eligible credit protection), 
respectively. Any retail and consumer loans with either interest or principal in arrears by more than 90 days 
must be placed on a non-accrual basis and classified as non-performing. In addition, pursuant to Circular 
28/2010 concerning regulations for classification of loans and their provisions issued by the UAE Central 
Bank on 11 November 2010, all banks in the UAE were required to make general provisions for unclassified 
loans and advances equal to 1.5 per cent. of their risk-weighted assets by 2014. In practice, several banks 
operate more stringent policies and place loans on a non-accrual basis as soon as their recovery is in doubt. 
The table below shows the non-performing loans ratio and the net non-performing loans ratio for the years 
indicated. 
 
For the year ended 31 December 
 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021 
2022 
2023 
 
(per cent.) 
Non-performing loans ratio  
5.3 
6.0 
7.6 
7.3 
6.6 
5.3 
Net non-performing loans 
ratio.................................  
1.6 
2.3 
3.1 
2.8 
2.6 
2.1 
 _______________  
* 
Presented in compliance with the latest Financial Soundness Indicators Compilation Guide (2019 FSI Guide) issued by the IMF. 
Banks in the UAE generally do not write off non-performing loans from their books until all legal avenues 
of recovery have been exhausted. This factor tends to inflate the level of impaired loans and/or financings 
carried on the balance sheets of UAE banks when compared to banks operating in other economies.

--- Page 100 ---
- 83 - 
 
 
Large Exposures 
The UAE Central Bank defines large exposures as any funded or unfunded exposures (less provisions, cash 
collaterals and deposits under lien) to a single borrower or group of related borrowers exceeding prescribed 
limits. 
On 11 November 2013, the Central Bank published Central Bank Notice No. 32/2013 on large exposures 
(the "Large Exposure Notice") amending certain existing large exposure limits imposed by the Central 
Bank. The Large Exposure Notice was then replaced by the Large Exposures Regulation introduced by the 
Central Bank on 22 May 2023. Exposures above limits imposed by the Large Exposures Regulation are 
subject to approval by the Central Bank. Set out below is a table showing a summary of the limits under 
the Large Exposures Regulation (defined as a percentage of the bank's capital base calculated under Basel 
II): 
 
Cap as percentage of capital base 
 
Individual 
Aggregate 
UAE federal government.......................................................................................  
Not Applicable 
Not Applicable 
Foreign sovereigns rated at least AA- ...................................................................  
Not Applicable 
Not Applicable 
UAE local governments ........................................................................................  
Not Applicable 
150% 
Non-commercial entities of UAE local governments ............................................  
25% 
150% 
Commercial entities of UAE federal government and UAE local government ......  
25% 
100% 
Self-sustainable commercial entities of UAE federal and local governments ........  
25% 
Not applicable 
A single borrower or a group of related borrowers ................................................  
25% 
Not applicable 
Shareholders who own 5 per cent. or more of the bank's capital and their related 
entities ...............................................................................................................  
20% 
50% 
Globally systemic bank exposure to another globally systemic bank ....................  
15% 
Not applicable 
UAE incorporated bank's exposure to its foreign branches ...................................  
Not applicable 
30% 
Exposure to bank's non-bank subsidiaries and affiliates ........................................  
10% 
25% 
Board members .....................................................................................................  
5% 
25% 
 
Mortgage Cap Regulation and Consumer Loan Regulation 
The UAE Central Bank introduced regulations regarding bank loans and other services offered to individual 
customers by way of a circular dated 23 February 2011 the ("Retail Circular") on retail banking and notice 
no. 31/2013 dated 28 October 2013 (which was published in the UAE official gazette on 28 November 
2013 and entered into force on 28 December 2013) (the "Mortgage Regulations"). These regulations, 
amongst other things, limit the fees and interest rates which banks in the UAE can charge to retail customers 
and impose maximum loan/income and loan to value ratios for retail products such as residential mortgage 
loans. For example, the Retail Circular requires that the amount of any personal consumer loan shall not 
exceed 20 times the salary or total income of the borrower with the repayment period not exceeding 48 
months. 
The Mortgage Regulations, which supersede UAE Central Bank notice no. 3871/2012 dated 30 December 
2012, provide that the amount of mortgage loans for non-nationals should not exceed 75 per cent. of the 
property value for a first purchase of a home with a value of less than AED 5 million and, for a first purchase 
of a home with a value greater than AED 5 million, should not exceed 65 per cent. of the property value. 
For the purchase of a second or subsequent home, the limit for non-nationals is set at 60 per cent. of the 
property value (irrespective of the value of the property in question). The corresponding limits for UAE 
nationals are set at 80 per cent. in respect of a first purchase of a home with a value less than or equal to 
AED 5 million, 70 per cent. for a first home with a value greater than AED 5 million and 65 per cent. of 
the property value for a second or subsequent purchase (irrespective of the value of the property). 
On 12 December 2021, the Central Bank signed a memorandum of understanding with the Central Bank of 
Iraq to enhance co-operation in banking supervision and set out an enhanced framework to supervise bank 
exposures to the real estate sector. The new standards cover all types of on-balance-sheet loans and 
investments and all off-balance-sheet exposures to the real estate sector and entered into effect on 31 
December 2021, starting with a one-year observation period. 
On 4 May 2022, the UAE Central Bank announced that it would increase its base rate by 50 basis points to 
2.25 per cent. effective 5 May 2022 in response to inflationary pressures. On 15 June 2022, the UAE Central 
Bank announced that it decided to raise its base rate by 75 basis points effective from 16 June 2022. This 
decision was taken following the United States Federal Reserve Board's announcement on 15 June 2022 to 
increase the interest on reserve balances by 75 basis points. In February 2023, the UAE increased its base 
rate by a further 25 basis points. In May 2023, the UAE Central Bank announced that it would raise the

--- Page 101 ---
- 84 - 
 
 
base rate by 25 basis points to 5.15 per cent. from 4.90 per cent. The decision followed the United States 
Federal Reserve Board's announcement to increase interest rates by a quarter of a percentage point. In July 
2023, the United States Federal Reserve Board announced another interest rate increase, increasing to base 
rate to 5.25 per cent. As a result, the UAE Central Bank also increased its base rate to 5.4 per cent. in July 
2023. 
In July 2023, in order to reduce the burden of higher interest rates on home loans for UAE nationals, the 
UAE Central Bank implemented a number of measures, which included, among others, the extension of 
the mortgage repayment period tenor and a cap of 50 per cent. of income to customer payments. 
Reserve Requirements 
Reserve requirements are used by the UAE Central Bank as a means of prudential supervision and to control 
credit expansion. The reserve requirements are 1 per cent. for term deposits and 14 per cent. for all other 
customer balances. 
Position of Depositors 
There is no formal deposit protection scheme in the UAE. While no bank has, so far, been permitted to fail, 
during the 1980s and early 1990s a number were restructured by the relevant government authorities. In 
October 2008, in response to the global financial crisis, the Federal Government announced that it intended 
to guarantee the deposits of all UAE banks and foreign banks with core operations in the UAE. Following 
therefrom, in May 2009 the UAE's National Federal Council approved a draft law guaranteeing federal 
deposits. However, until such time as the law is passed, there is no guaranteed government support. 
Establishment of a Credit Bureau in the UAE 
Al Etihad Credit Bureau ("AECB") is a Federal Government company specialised in providing UAE based 
credit reports and other financial information. AECB commenced operations in 2014 upon receiving formal 
approval from the Cabinet of its regulations and its charges for producing credit reports. AECB has 
approached all UAE based banks to sign data sharing agreements to enable the provision of customer credit 
information, with the majority having entered into such agreements and/or made successful initial data 
submissions to AECB by the time AECB commenced operations. 
Federal Debt Management 
In October 2018, UAE Federal Law No. 9 of 2018 Concerning Public Debt (Public Debt Law) was issued. 
The Public Debt Law permits the UAE Federal Government to issue sovereign debt through the sale of 
bonds or other debt instruments, which is intended to support the UAE Central Bank in liquidity 
management in the UAE banking system and is intended to help the UAE banking sector meet international 
liquidity rules. The Public Debt Law further established that the total amount of outstanding UAE federal 
public debt shall not, at any time, exceed the amount determined by the Cabinet, at maximum of 250 per 
cent. of the Federal Government's own stable revenue. In addition, the Public Debt Law is intended to 
enable banks operating in the UAE to purchase government bonds in AED or foreign currencies, which is 
intended to help them comply with Basel III requirements. The Public Debt Law also expressly permits the 
UAE Federal Government to provide guarantees on behalf of federal government authorities and 
corporations which are wholly owned by the UAE Federal Government. Public debt that can be allocated 
for infrastructure projects cannot exceed 15 per cent. of the total outstanding public debt at any time. 
The Public Debt Law establishes a federal Public Debt Management Office, which has various support 
roles within the UAE Ministry of Finance, including the following: 
• 
responsibility for proposing public debt management strategies and policies in coordination with 
the UAE Central Bank, implementing the strategies and policies approved by the Cabinet, and 
providing recommendations on issuance of public debt instruments; 
• 
monitoring financial risks as well as other risks associated with issuing and trading any public debt 
instruments, and proposing solutions to manage and control these risks; 
• 
advising the Minister of Finance on investments involving any public debt surplus, identifying risk 
levels on borrowing or issuing any guarantees for government projects as well as playing an

--- Page 102 ---
- 85 - 
 
 
important role in the development of policies and procedures created to manage and reduce risks 
in the public debt portfolio; 
• 
working closely with the UAE Central Bank with regard to the management of the issuance and 
sale operations of government bonds, treasury bills, and any other public debt instruments; 
• 
setting short and long-term objectives for the UAE's public debt management; 
• 
issuing reports on the management and implementation of public debt; 
• 
preparing the annual debt issuance plan; and 
• 
coordinating with local governments in each emirate to support and develop a highly efficient 
primary and secondary financial market by issuing public debt instruments in the state, in which 
each local government shall establish a public debt office if local public debt instruments are issued. 
Decretal Law No. 11 of 2021 on Issuing Foreign Public Debt of the Federal Government further authorises 
the Minister of Finance to determine the purposes and terms of foreign public debt to be issued in 
accordance with the public debt strategy of the Federal Government approved by the Cabinet (the "Public 
Debt Strategy"). 
Insurance 
The insurance sector plays an important role in the UAE economy, not only through its direct contribution 
to the economy but also by facilitating the operation of other sectors such as logistics, services, health and 
transport. The investment of premiums by the insurance sector in the UAE economy supports economic 
development and maintains positive competitiveness between insurance companies. 
The insurance sector in the UAE was originally overseen by the Insurance Authority, which was established 
by Federal Law No. 6 of 2007 Regarding the Establishment of the Insurance Authority and Regulation of 
Insurance Operations (the "Insurance Law") as an independent authority with responsibility to organise 
and regulate the UAE insurance sector and to ensure implementation of international best standards in the 
insurance market and to monitor the solvency of insurance companies by applying laws and regulations 
aimed at protecting the rights of the beneficiaries of insurance policies. In September 2019, the Ministry of 
Justice issued a resolution forming a committee to investigate the potential merger of the Insurance 
Authority into the SCA, to form a single financial services regulator. The committee was responsible for 
identifying the implications of the merger and submitting its recommendations to the Cabinet, along with 
the proposed legislation. The merger between the two took place in July 2020. 
In October 2020, the powers and responsibilities of the Insurance Authority were assumed by the UAE 
Central Bank. The UAE Central Bank now has the power to regulate and supervise the insurance sector as 
well as propose and implement legislation to regulate it. The UAE Central Bank is responsible for protecting 
the rights of the insured and monitoring the solvency of the UAE's insurance companies. 
As at 31 December 2023, there were 60 insurance companies operating in the UAE (comprising 23 national 
insurance companies, 10 national takaful insurance companies and 27 foreign insurance companies), with 
499 total related insurance professions, including 163 insurance broker companies, 26 insurance agents 
companies, 52 insurance consultants, 146 loss and damage adjusters, 74 actuaries, 22 third-party 
administrators and 16 insurance policies price comparison websites. 
The following table sets out the UAE total written premiums by value for each of the years 2018 to 2023: 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021 
2022 
2023 
 
(AED millions) 
General insurance 
premiums ....................... 
31,748 
32,526 
32,166 
32,940 
37,282 
43,883 
Life insurance premiums ... 
11,971 
11,495 
10,331 
11,377 
10,140 
9,594 
Total premiums ............... 
43,718 
44,021 
42,497 
44,317 
47,422 
53,477 
 _______________  
Source: UAE Central Bank

--- Page 103 ---
- 86 - 
 
 
According to the UAE Central Bank, gross written premiums increased by 12.9 per cent. from AED 47.4 
billion in 2022 to AED 53.5 billion in 2023, based on preliminary estimates. Gross written premiums 
amounted to AED 47.4 billion in 2022, an increase of 6.5 per cent. compared to AED 44.3 billion in 2021. 
Gross written premiums of all types of insurance amounted to AED 42.5 billion in 2020. 
There is an absence of published statistical data on the insurance sector in Sharjah. Al-Buhaira National 
Insurance Company is a public shareholding company incorporated in the Emirate and is listed on the ADX. 
It undertakes several classes of insurance business, including life insurance, saving and accumulation of 
funds. In addition to its head office, Al-Buhaira National Insurance Company has two further branches 
located in Abu Dhabi and Dubai. 
Shari'a compliance 
Federal Law No. 14 of 2018 entered into force with effect from 23 September 2018 and requires financial 
institutions licensed by the UAE Central Bank to operate their business activities in compliance with the 
rules, standards and general principles established by the Higher Shari'a Authority and, in certain 
circumstances, requires such financial institutions to obtain the consent of the Higher Shari'a Authority 
before undertaking certain licensed financial activities. 
Capital Markets 
The capital markets in the UAE are regulated by a number of entities including the Securities and 
Commodities Authority (the "SCA"), which licenses intermediaries to trade on the Dubai Financial Market 
(the "DFM") and the Abu Dhabi Securities Exchange ("ADX"). The SCA is a Federal Government 
organisation but has financial, legal and administrative independence. 
The other significant stock exchange in the UAE is Nasdaq Dubai (formerly known as the Dubai 
International Financial Exchange or DIFX) which commenced operations in September 2005 and, as an 
entity based in the DIFC, is separately regulated by the DFSA. 
On 1 June 2014, the UAE was included in MSCI's Emerging Markets Index which captures large and mid-
cap representation across 26 emerging market countries. The MSCI Emerging Markets Index is based on 
the MSCI Global Investable Indexed Methodology – a comprehensive and consistent approach to index 
construction that allows for meaningful global views and cross regional comparisons across all market 
capitalisation size, sector and style segments and combinations. 
In May 2018, the SCA issued Chairman Decision No. 20/R.M. of 2018 on the Offering or Issuance of 
Islamic Securities (the "ISRs"), in order to add an additional layer of disclosure and transparency to the 
UAE's sukuk market and strengthen investor protection. The ISRs apply to (i) domestic issuers of Shari'a-
compliant securities seeking to offer those securities either within or outside the UAE, and (ii) foreign 
issuers of certain Shari'a-compliant securities seeking to offer those securities into the UAE. The ISRs 
outline a number of key disclosure requirements that must be included in the offering document, a number 
of specific requirements in respect of the fatwa as well as the continuing obligations that apply to Shari'a-
compliant securities, including the provision of an annual Shari'a report. 
Between 2019 and 2024, the SCA introduced a number of new rules including, among others, allowing 
UAE public joint stock companies to use technology to streamline governance procedures, including 
enabling shareholders to attend and vote in general meetings electronically and allowing public joint stock 
companies to call general meetings using text messages or emails, new fund passporting rules and rules 
related to the listing of Special Purpose Acquisition Companies ("SPACs") in the UAE. 
In addition, there has been a significant increase in volume for initial public offerings in the UAE since the 
start of 2022. 
Dubai Financial Market 
The DFM, which is now, along with Nasdaq Dubai, owned by Borse Dubai, was established by the 
Government of Dubai in 2000 as an independent entity and operates as a market for the listing and trading 
of shares, bonds and investment units issued by companies, investment funds and other local or foreign 
financial institutions that conform to its listing requirements.

--- Page 104 ---
- 87 - 
 
 
The following table sets out the number of traded shares, the value of traded shares, and the number of 
executed transactions on the DFM and the closing price of the DFM Index as at 31 December for the years 
indicated. 
 
2019 
2020 
2021 
2022 
2023 
Number of traded shares (Billions)................  
40.0 
65.5 
50 
38.5 
52.5 
Value of traded shares (AED Billions) ..........  
53.1 
65.6 
72.3 
90 
101.1 
Number of trades (Millions) ..........................  
0.6 
1.0 
0.8 
1.4 
1.9 
Market capitalisation (AED billions) (year 
end) ............................................................  
375.5 
341.5 
410 
582 
687.5 
DFM Index closing price (year end) ..............  
2,765 
2,492 
3,196 
3,336 
4,059.80 
 _______________  
Sources: Dubai Statistics Centre, DFM. 
 
Nasdaq Dubai 
Nasdaq Dubai (formerly known as the Dubai International Financial Exchange or DIFX) commenced 
operations in September 2005. On 22 December 2009, DFM announced that it had made an offer to Borse 
Dubai Limited and the NASDAQ OMX Group to acquire Nasdaq Dubai. The offer was valued at U.S.$121 
million and comprised U.S.$102 million in cash and 40 million DFM shares. The merger was approved by 
Borse Dubai Limited and the OMX Group and was completed on 11 July 2010. Subsequent to the 
transaction, both Nasdaq Dubai and DFM are operating as two distinct markets that are subject to different 
regulatory frameworks. Nasdaq Dubai is regulated by the Dubai Financial Services Authority, and the DFM 
is regulated by the SCA. 
Nasdaq Dubai's standards are comparable to those of leading international exchanges in New York, London 
and Hong Kong. Nasdaq Dubai allows regional and international issuers access to regional and international 
investors through primary or dual listings. Investors can access Nasdaq Dubai through a unique mix of 
regional and international brokers. 
Nasdaq Dubai currently lists equities, equity derivatives, Dubai gold securities, structured products, sukuk 
and conventional bonds. 
The following table sets out the number of traded shares, the value of traded shares and the number of 
executed transactions on Nasdaq Dubai, the market capitalisation of Nasdaq Dubai and the closing price as 
at 31 December of the FTSE Nasdaq Dubai UAE 20 Index (which tracks 20 liquid stocks listed on the 
DFM, the Abu Dhabi Securities Exchange and Nasdaq Dubai) for the years indicated: 
 
For the year ended 31 December 
 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021 
2022 
2023 
Trading volume (Millions) .... 
165 
151 
189 
35 
47 
37 
Trading value (AED millions)
 ........................................... 
4,234 
5,921 
5,746 
78,057 
42,432 
131 
Number of transactions ......... 
26,882 
40,724 
16,345 
1,518 
985 
2,050 
Market capitalisation (AED 
millions)............................. 
57,496 
44,220 
3,436 
2,990 
2,526 
2,253 
FTSE Nasdaq Dubai UAE 20 
Index year end closing 
price ................................... 
3,074 
3,184 
3,062 
4,285 
3,989 
3,832 
 _______________  
Sources: Dubai Statistics Centre, Nasdaq Dubai.

--- Page 105 ---
- 88 - 
 
 
PUBLIC FINANCE 
Government Finance 
Government Budget and Financial Information 
The Government sector in Sharjah is defined as consisting of entities known in Sharjah as centralised 
departments. The wider public sector in Sharjah consists of independent authorities which are wholly or 
majority publicly-owned (see "Description of the Emirate of Sharjah — Relationship between the UAE 
Constitution and Sharjah — The Government" above for further details). 
The centralised departments of the Government negotiate their individual budgets with the Finance 
Department on an annual basis, with the final budgets being approved by Sharjah Executive Council and 
H.H. The Ruler. The budget-setting arrangements for independent authorities vary from entity-to-entity, 
depending on their constitutional documents and established practice. All centralised department revenues 
flow to accounts managed by the Finance Department on behalf of the Government and are used to fund 
the Government's expenditure. The Finance Department controls the expenditure of centralised departments 
on a detailed, line-by-line basis, to ensure consistency with the budget. 
Major project expenditure and a number of "non-departmental" items, such as debt servicing and grant 
schemes are also managed centrally by the Finance Department, rather than through departmental budgets. 
Decentralised departments and independent authorities may, depending on their financial circumstances, 
receive financial support from the Government in the form of grants, free land allocations, the assumption 
of certain payment obligations or loans from the Government. Alternatively, if they are cash-generating, 
these entities may be required to make dividend-like payments to the Government. 
Government Consolidated Accounts 
The Government does not prepare consolidated annual or quarterly accounts. 
Government Cash Flow Analysis 
The Government regularly prepares detailed cash flow statements to centrally control and report its liquidity 
and payment commitments. The table below sets out the detailed cash flow statements for the years 
indicated, excluding debt financing. 
Each area of the Emirate of Sharjah has a Municipality authority, which is responsible for providing local 
services. There are nine Municipality authorities, of which Sharjah City Municipality is the largest. These 
Municipality authorities are treated as centralised departments, and their cash flows are consolidated with 
the Emirate's. 
 
For the year ended 31 December 
 
2019 
2020 
2021 
2022 
2023 
2024(b) 
 
(AED millions) 
Cash Inflows 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Department of Customs ......  
894 
717 
790 
 799  
700 
800 
Economic Development 
Department ......................  
817 
657 
785 
 894  
965 
970 
Sharjah Police .....................  
988 
825 
893 
 866  
977 
930 
Town Planning Department  
85 
112 
75 
 94  
87 
90 
Directorate of Public Works  
3 
221 
— 
— 
— 
— 
Roads and Transport 
Authority .........................  
874 
681 
676 
558 
605 
533 
Sharjah Municipality...........  
1,292 
1,070 
1,213 
1,337 
1,473 
1,834 
Other Municipalities and 
other departmental 
revenues ..........................  
750 
594 
670 
987 
1,443 
952 
New revenue initiatives.......  
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
1,200 
Oil, gas and LPG.................  
567 
76 
368 
1,853 
1,335 
1,200 
Land sales ...........................  
67 
179 
514 
331 
2,031 
1,600 
Bank tax ..............................  
56 
68 
58 
38 
27 
60 
VAT receipts.......................  
2,795 
1,404 
1,790 
 1,920  
2,186 
2,298 
Shares/Dividends ................  
200 
75 
30 
143 
100 
100 
Transfer from GREs, and 
other revenues .................  
1,050 
1,303 
205 
 230  
1,413 
875

--- Page 106 ---
- 89 - 
 
 
 
For the year ended 31 December 
 
2019 
2020 
2021 
2022 
2023 
2024(b) 
 
(AED millions) 
Increase in Sharjah Social 
Security Fund ..................  
1,085 
944 
845 
 945  
1,094 
1,200 
Total Cash Inflows ............  
11,523 
8,705 
8,912 
10,957 
14,436 
14,642 
Cash Expenditure 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Departmental expenditure 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Police ..................................  
(1,476) 
(1,506) 
(1,606) 
(1,735) 
(1,714) 
(2,695) 
Roads and Transport 
Authority .........................  
(320) 
(295) 
(340) 
(384) 
(409) 
(536) 
Social Services ....................  
(600) 
(661) 
(684) 
(741) 
(819) 
(843) 
Culture and Information ......  
(201) 
(178) 
(165) 
(203) 
(217) 
(228) 
Media/TV ...........................  
(447) 
(585) 
(466) 
(489) 
(529) 
(559) 
Customs ..............................  
(323) 
(332) 
(343) 
(376) 
(409) 
(432) 
Sports Council ....................  
(564) 
(563) 
(601) 
(646) 
(746) 
(698) 
Town Planning ....................  
(208) 
(210) 
(210) 
(221) 
(229) 
(262) 
Al Diwan Al Amiri, Sharjah 
(165) 
(137) 
(164) 
(183) 
(196) 
(109) 
Museums.............................  
(178) 
(172) 
(181) 
(191) 
(196) 
(207) 
Economic Development ......  
(208) 
(213) 
(214) 
(229) 
(241) 
(273) 
Islamic Affairs and Awqaf ..  
(155) 
(162) 
(167) 
(175) 
(194) 
(196) 
e-Government .....................  
(111) 
(124) 
(120) 
(118) 
(177) 
(262) 
Public Works ......................  
(101) 
(101) 
(105) 
(109) 
(118) 
(138) 
Police Sciences Academy ...  
(107) 
(109) 
(123) 
(133) 
(144) 
(159) 
Sharjah Municipality...........  
(1,252) 
(1,314) 
(1,362) 
(1,637) 
(1,662) 
(1,788) 
Other Municipalities ...........  
(772) 
(820) 
(880) 
(1,030) 
(1,104) 
(1,246) 
Other departmental 
expenditures ....................  
(2,353) 
(2,092) 
(2,496) 
(3,040) 
(3,276) 
(3,889) 
Forecast departmental 
underspend ......................  
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
800 
Total departmental 
expenditures ...................  
(9,541) 
(9,574) 
(10,227) 
(11,640) 
(12,380) 
(13,720) 
Central expenditure 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Payments toward capital 
projects ............................  
(4,252) 
(2,604) 
(5,838) 
(3,700) 
(4,173) 
(1,533) 
Debt Interest .......................  
(1,282) 
(1,371) 
(1,750) 
(2,257) 
(3,974) 
(4,645) 
Capital injection to Sharjah 
Asset Management ..........  
— 
(918) 
— 
— 
— 
— 
Invest Bank .........................  
— 
— 
— 
— 
—  
(240) 
Subsidies, Grants and 
Central Spending .............  
(2,527) 
(2,023) 
(1,814) 
(2,070) 
(2,643) 
(2,914) 
Total expenditures ............  
(17,602) 
(16,490) 
(19,629) 
(19,666) 
(23,170) 
(23,052) 
 _______________  
Source: Sharjah Finance Department 
(b): Sharjah Finance Department budget data and does not reflect actual results. 
Total cash inflows decreased from AED 11.5 billion in 2019 to AED 8.7 billion in 2020, primarily as a 
result of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and associated policy response measures, which curtailed 
economic activity and reduced a number of revenue items. Total cash inflows increased to AED 8.9 billion 
in 2021 as the economy began to recover from the impact of COVID-19. 
The Government's revenues for 2022 increased to AED 11.0 billion, primarily as a result of higher 
departmental revenues, an increase in transfers from GREs and a sharp rise in oil, gas and LPG revenues. 
The Government's revenues for 2023 increased to AED 14.4 billion, primarily as a result of an increase in 
land sales, an increase in transfers from GREs, strong VAT receipts and high cash inflows from other 
municipalities and departmental revenues. 
The Government budgeted for revenues to increase in 2024 to AED 14.6 billion, primarily as a result of 
expected increases from customs and expected revenue from the policy changes described in the Fiscal 
Plan under the heading "New revenue initiatives". 
Cash inflows from oil, gas and LPG decreased from AED 567 million in 2019 to AED 76 million in 2020 
and AED 368 million in 2021, reflecting lower production quantities and the fall in hydrocarbon prices (in 
the case of 2021). Cash inflows from oil, gas and LPG were AED 1,853 million in 2022 and AED 1,335 
million in 2023, and were budgeted at AED 1,200 million in 2024, reflecting the higher market price of 
hydrocarbons in 2023, potential growth in production volumes and the expectation that prices will be stable 
in 2024.

--- Page 107 ---
- 90 - 
 
 
Cash inflows from land sales tend to be volatile since they consist of a small number of large payments 
related to release of land by the Government for project development. See "Description of the Emirate of 
Sharjah – Relationship between the UAE Constitution and Sharjah – Covid-19 Impact and Response 
measures Adopted in the UAE and Sharjah" above. These inflows were AED 67 million in 2019 and AED 
179 million in 2020. Cash inflows from land sales increased to AED 514 million in 2021, then fell to AED 
331 million in 2022, then again increased to AED 2,031 million. Cash inflows from land sales were 
budgeted at AED 1,600 million in 2024. 
Cash inflows from VAT receipts were AED 2,795 million in 2019, AED 1,404 million in 2020, AED 1,790 
million in 2021, AED 1,882 million in 2022, AED 2,186 million in 2023, and were budgeted at AED 2,298 
million in 2024 (including a small provision for initial receipts from corporate income tax). The lower rate 
of inflows of VAT receipts in 2020 and 2021 reflected the drop in economic activity in 2020, accompanied 
by a lag effect as the receipts moved through the system. 
Cash from bank taxes amounted to AED 56 million in 2019, AED 68 million in 2020, AED 58 million in 
2021, AED 38 million 2022, AED 27 million in 2023 and was budgeted to be AED 60 million in 2024. 
Government Revenue 
Sharjah's government revenues totalled AED 8.7 billion for the year ended 31 December 2020, decreasing 
by AED 2.8 billion from AED 11.5 billion for the year ended 31 December 2019, representing a decrease 
of 24.0 per cent. Sharjah's government revenues totalled AED 8.9 billion for the year ended 31 December 
2021, increasing by AED 0.2 billion from AED 8.7 billion for the year ended 31 December 2020, 
representing an increase of 2.4 per cent. Sharjah's government revenues totalled AED 11.0 billion for the 
year ended 31 December 2022, increasing by AED 2.0 billion from AED 8.9 billion for the year ended 31 
December 2021, representing an increase of 22.9 per cent. Sharjah's government revenues totalled AED 
14.4 billion for the year ended 31 December 2023, increasing by AED 3.4 billion from AED 11.0 billion 
for the year ended 31 December 2022, representing an increase of 30.9 per cent. 
The Government has a relatively diverse (albeit narrow) revenue base. With the exception of a levy on 
foreign banks and hydrocarbon extraction, there is no traditional direct tax, although the Federal 
Government introduced a national value added tax at the rate of 5 per cent. with effect from 1 January 2018 
and an excise duty on certain goods in October 2017 and has begun implementation of a corporate income 
tax for companies starting a financial year after June 2023. Sharjah's allocation of revenues from these 
indirect taxes began to be disbursed by the UAE Federal Government in 2019 leading to an increase in 
revenues in spite of the decrease in revenue attributable to lowered GRE transfer and land sale revenue. 
Prior to 2019, there were no VAT revenues and the revenues collected by the UAE Federal authorities in 
2018 began to be disbursed in 2019. This beneficial tax environment provides an incentive for businesses 
and wage-earners to locate to the Emirate. 
Licensing, fines and fees provide the majority of revenues, in particular via the Department of Customs, 
the Economic Development Department and Sharjah Police. 
Land sales to private companies and individuals generate significant capital receipts for the Government, 
as well as providing a means for the Government to manage the pace and location of economic expansion. 
In addition, this represents an area of particular fiscal flexibility for the Government, which can choose 
how much land to release for sale or development in a given year, based on market conditions, development 
priorities and fiscal requirements. 
Aggregate oil, gas and LPG revenues have been on a long-term declining path notwithstanding year-to-
year fluctuations. In 2022, they represented 16.9 per cent. of total cash inflows, reflecting high prices for 
hydrocarbons in that period, but represented only 9.2 per cent. in 2023 and are expected to represent 8.2 
per cent. of revenues in 2024. The new gas field discovered in the onshore "Mahani" site became operational 
in January 2021 and started generating net revenues from commercial exploitation of the reserve in 2022. 
Government Expenditure 
The Government's expenditure totalled AED 23.2 billion in 2023, compared with 19.7 billion in 2022, 19.6 
billion in 2021, to 16.5 billion in 2020 and AED 17.6 billion in 2019. The majority of this expenditure is 
incurred by centralised departments, with wages and other staff costs being the largest element of such 
expenditure. Salary enhancements and high levels of recruitment have increased departmental spending in 
recent years.

--- Page 108 ---
- 91 - 
 
 
Growth in departmental budgets has reflected the Government's policy priorities, with a particular focus on 
cultural activities (such as media/TV and culture and information) and social services. 
Payments towards capital projects and other "non departmental" expenditure items are managed centrally 
by the Finance Department. 
In addition, the Government has in the past provided significant financial support to important local 
companies. For example, in 2019 there was a transfer of government-guaranteed debt from a real estate 
developer to the Government's balance sheet which contributed to an increase in the Government's debt 
burden. Also, in December 2018, the Government offered to support the capital requirements of Invest 
Bank P.S.C. ("Invest Bank") with an injection of AED 1,115 million in exchange for a 50.07 per cent. 
stake in the bank. The proposal included a commitment to underwrite a subsequent rights issue by Invest 
Bank with up to AED 785 million, should the bank require further capital. The proposal was subsequently 
accepted by all parties and the initial injection was made in April 2019, giving the Government of Sharjah 
a 50.07 stake in Invest Bank. The second phase of capital support was completed in December 2023 and 
consisted of the Government participating pro rata in and underwriting the remaining portion of an issuance 
of new shares, and the Government issuing a guarantee of up to AED 3.0 billion against final write-offs of 
legacy assets over a five-year period, with the annual claims capped at AED 800 million. Following the 
new share issuance, the Government became the 88.11 per cent. majority shareholder in Invest Bank. Invest 
Bank used the proceeds of the share issuance to pay a one-off upfront fee of AED 2.6 billion to the 
Government in respect of the guarantee. While the 2024 budget and the projections for years 2025 to 2027 
in the Fiscal Plan reflect a balanced forecast of the annual cost of the Invest Bank guarantee to the 
Government, there is a risk that the actual calls on the guarantee could be higher. In addition, the 
Government may face pressure to provide further financial support to Invest Bank in the future if the second 
phase of capital support does not fully meet Invest Bank's capital requirements. The Government has 
budgeted AED 240 million in expenditures for 2024 in relation to this capital support. 
In June 2023, the Government injected AED 800 million capital into BoS, in which it was already the 
largest shareholder (through Sharjah Asset Management), holding 17.16 per cent. of outstanding shares, 
through subscribing to the issuance of new shares as a single strategic investor, thereby increasing its 
shareholding to 39.25 per cent. The new share issuance is designed to enhance the bank's financial position 
and foster future growth, by expanding total capital to AED 3 billion. 
Overall Budget Position 
The Government has incurred budget deficits in recent years to support its spending priorities, including 
capital investment, public service provision and social security. 
Government of Sharjah overall budget 2019 – 2024 
 
For the year ended 31 December 
 
2019 
2020 
2021 
2022 
2023 
2024(b) 
 
(AED millions) 
Expenditure ............................... 
(17,602) 
(16,490) 
(19,630) 
(19,666) 
(23,170) 
(23,052) 
Revenue ..................................... 
11,523 
8,705 
8,912 
10,957 
14,436 
14,642 
Deficit ....................................... 
(6,079) 
(7,785) 
(10,719) 
(8,709) 
(8,734) 
(8,410) 
 _________________  
(b) 
Budgeted and does not reflect actual results. 
Government Assets and Investments 
Government Assets – Cash and Fixed Assets 
The Government does not generally hold very large amounts of cash and from time to time uses short-term 
working capital facilities to balance cash flow. The Government held cash and cash equivalents of AED 
5,411 million as at 31 December 2023, AED 2,343 million as at 31 December 2022 and AED 3,765 million 
as at 31 December 2021. 
The Government holds a very large stock of fixed assets, although no comprehensive valuation is available. 
All unallocated land in the Emirate is de facto the property of the Government. The Government also owns 
land and buildings used for government activities and public services.

--- Page 109 ---
- 92 - 
 
 
Government Investments 
In addition to its ownership of decentralised departments and independent authorities, the Government has 
minority shareholdings in a number of private sector businesses. The table below shows the principal listed 
commercial enterprises in which the Government directly held a shareholding as at 31 December 2023, 
showing a total asset value of AED 6.5 billion. These are generally strategic investments which the 
Government intends to hold over the medium to long term because of their importance to the Emirate's 
development. No material change to this portfolio mix has occurred as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
The Government's holdings in listed companies through SAM and SSSF and the value thereof as at 31 
December 2023 was as follows (not including the Government's shares in Invest Bank, which is not 
currently trading): 
 
 
Sharjah Asset Management 
Company 
SSSF 
 
 
 
Market 
Capitalisation 
Shareholding 
Value 
Shareholding 
Value 
Combined 
Shareholding 
Combined 
Value 
 
(AED millions) 
(per cent.) 
(AED 
millions) 
(per cent.) 
(AED 
millions) 
(per cent.) 
(AED 
millions) 
Company Name 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Air Arabia ..................  
13,160 
19.01 
2,502 
- 
- 
19.01 
2,502 
Bank of Sharjah 
Limited ...................  
1,965 
39.25 
771 
- 
- 
39.25 
771 
Sharjah Islamic Bank .  
7,863 
28.46 
2,237 
9.09 
715 
37.55 
2,952 
Sharjah Cement and 
Industrial 
Development 
Company ................  
360 
16.02 
58 
9.09 
33 
25.11 
90 
Dana Gas ....................  
5,540 
3.47 
192 
- 
- 
3.47 
192 
Total Market Value 
of Listed Shares ....  
28,889 
- 
5,760 
- 
748 
- 
6,507 
 
Relationship with the Federal Government 
There were no fiscal flows between the Government and the Federal Government in the years 2017-2023, 
although in 2020 the Federal Government subsequently took responsibility for collecting Value Added Tax 
and in 2019 began distributing to each emirate the relevant share of proceeds. Despite a lack of financial 
flows, the Emirate benefits significantly from a range of public services provided at the federal level 
including: 
• 
basic education for UAE nationals; 
• 
healthcare for UAE nationals; 
• 
defence and foreign policy; 
• 
certain UAE-wide police and civil defence initiatives; and 
• 
postal services. 
In addition, the Federal Government maintains a large public works programme, which covers, in particular, 
infrastructure and housing. 
In 2023, total expenditures by the Federal Government amounted to AED 58,214 million compared to AED 
53,938 million in 2022. Federal Government expenditure was budgeted for 2024 at AED 64,060 million.

--- Page 110 ---
- 93 - 
 
 
INDEBTEDNESS 
The Government has adopted a centralised debt policy, administered by the Debt Management Office, 
which is a division of the Sharjah Finance Department. The Government's DMO directly manages the 
borrowing of the Government. For decentralised departments and independent authorities, the DMO plays 
a role in coordinating all borrowing activity, advising entities on how to structure transactions and approach 
the market, and supporting them in commercial negotiations and the completion of legal processes. Any 
borrowing from these entities must be approved in advance by the DMO. 
Government Debt 
The table below sets out the details of the Government's outstanding debt as at 31 December in each of the 
years indicated. 
 
For the year ended 31 December 
 
2018 
2019 
2020* 
2021 
2022 
2023** 
Gross Debt (AED millions) 
24,742 
33,319 
42,330 
55,451 
62,553 
75,087 
Gross Debt/GDP (per 
cent.) ..............................  
20.0 
26.6 
34.0 
42.6 
45.7 
51.7 
Net Debt(1) (AED millions)  
22,214 
30,908 
40,979 
51,686 
60,209 
69,699 
Net Debt(1)/GDP (per cent.) 
17.9 
24.7 
32.9 
39.7 
44.0 
48.0 
 _______________  
(1) Net Debt is equivalent to Gross Debt minus holdings of cash and cash equivalents. 
* 
2020 data restated to include Mubadara in Government sector on a consolidated basis. 
** Preliminary data subject to revision. 
 
The Government's gross debt and net debt as at 31 December 2023 were AED 75,087 million and AED 
69,699 million, respectively. Net debt increased by AED 9,490 million since 31 December 2022, reflecting 
the budget deficit financing requirement. 
The Government's gross debt as at 31 December 2022 was AED 62,552 million, and the Government's net 
debt as at 31 December 2022 was AED 60,209 million. The increase in net debt of AED 8,523 million as 
compared to 31 December 2021 was lower than the approved 2022 budget, which forecast an increase of 
AED 9,169 million. 
Of the Government's total outstanding indebtedness of AED 75,087 million as at 31 December 2023, 80 
per cent. was denominated in U.S. Dollar and 20 per cent. was denominated in AED, after taking account 
of hedging arrangements. Of the total outstanding indebtedness as at 31 December 2023, 46 per cent. was 
subject to floating interest rates, varying at regular intervals (mainly on a quarterly basis) according to 
certain market benchmarks, and 54 per cent. was subject to fixed interest rates until maturity. 
• 
9 per cent. of the Government's debt comprised borrowings from Sharjah-based banks; 
• 
18 per cent. of the Government's debt comprised borrowings from other UAE-based banks; 
• 
6 per cent. of the Government's comprised borrowings from international banks; and 
• 
52 per cent. of the Government's debt comprised indebtedness due under the public debt issuances. 
The Government has undertaken 14 public sukuk and conventional bond issuances denominated in U.S. 
Dollar: 
• 
U.S.$750,000,000 3.764 per cent. trust certificates issued in 2014 by Sharjah Sukuk Limited due 
September 2024; 
• 
U.S.$500,000,000 3.839 per cent. trust certificates issued in 2016 by Sharjah Sukuk (2) Limited 
due 2021 (redeemed); 
• 
U.S.$1,000,000,000 4.226 per cent. trust certificates issued in 2018 by Sharjah Sukuk Programme 
Limited under the Programme, which was subsequently increased to U.S.$1,200,000,000 through 
a tap of the issuance in 2018 due 2028; 
• 
U.S.$1,000,000,000 3.854 per cent. trust certificates issued in 2019 by Sharjah Sukuk Programme 
Limited under the Programme due 2026;

--- Page 111 ---
- 94 - 
 
 
• 
U.S.$750,000,000 3.234 per cent. trust certificates issued in 2019 by Sharjah Sukuk Programme 
Limited under the Programme due 2029, which was subsequently increased to U.S.$1,000,000,000 
through a tap of the issuance in 2020; 
• 
U.S.$1,000,000,000 2.942 per cent. trust certificates issued in 2020 by Sharjah Sukuk Programme 
Limited under the Programme due 2027; 
• 
U.S.$1,000,000,000 4.00 per cent. notes issued in 2020 under the Global Medium Term Note 
Programme due 2050; 
• 
U.S.$750,000,000 3.625 per cent. notes issued in 2021 under the Global Medium Term Note 
Programme due 2033; 
• 
U.S.$500,000,000 4.375 per cent. notes issued in 2021 under the Global Medium Term Note 
Programme due 2051; 
• 
U.S.$750,000,000 3.886 per cent. trust certificates issued in 2021 by Sharjah Sukuk Programme 
Limited under the Programme due 2030; 
• 
U.S.$750,000,000 3.200 per cent. trust certificates issued in 2021 by Sharjah Sukuk Programme 
Limited under the Programme due 2031; 
• 
U.S.$1,000,000,000 6.500 per cent. notes issued in 2023 under the Global Medium Term Note 
Programme due 2032; 
• 
U.S.$750,000,000 6.092 per cent. trust certificates issued in 2023 by Sharjah Sukuk Programme 
Limited under the Programme due 2034, which was subsequently increased to U.S.$900,000,000 
through a subsequent tap of the issuance in 2023; and 
• 
U.S.$750,000,000 6.125 per cent. notes issued in 2024 under the Global Medium Term Note 
Programme due 2036, which was subsequently increased to U.S.$1,000,000,000 through two 
subsequent taps of the issuance in 2024. 
On 2 February 2018, the Government conducted an RMB 2,000,000,000 issuance under its onshore "panda 
bond" programme in the People's Republic of China. The proceeds of the issuance and ongoing coupon 
payment liabilities were swapped into AED. The bond was redeemed at its planned maturity date. 
The maturity profile of the indebtedness outstanding on 31 December 2023 is as set out in the table below 
and does not include any issuances or redemptions completed in 2024. 
 
2024 
2025 
2026 
2027 
2028 
2029 
2030 
2031 
2032 
2033 
After 
2033 
Principal payments (in 
AED millions) ............  
10,295 
9,378 
11,005 
10,014 
7,563 
4,802 
3,289 
2,764 
3,673 
2,755 
9,549 
 
The Government has no record of default on its indebtedness, current or past. 
Wider Public Sector Debt 
The table below sets out the details of the outstanding debt of GREs as at 31 December 2023. 
 
Gross Debt 
Outstanding 
Net Debt(1) 
 
(AED millions) 
SEWA ................................................................................................... 
13,684 
13,229 
Sharjah Asset Management ................................................................... 
2,664 
2,469 
Shurooq ................................................................................................. 
1,758 
1,709 
Bee'ah .................................................................................................... 
1,227 
1,435 
Seaport Authority .................................................................................. 
392 
116 
Sharjah Airport Authority ..................................................................... 
210 
85 
Hamriyah Free Zone Authority ............................................................. 
38 
(169) 
SAIF Zone ............................................................................................. 
38 
(116) 
Others 
756 
(1,094) 
Total ..................................................................................................... 
20,765 
17,664

--- Page 112 ---
- 95 - 
 
 
 _______________  
(1) Net Debt is equivalent to Gross Debt minus holdings of cash and cash equivalents. 
Source: Finance Department 
The Government does not provide blanket guarantees for the borrowing of any decentralised department or 
independent authority. However, the Government has guaranteed a number of individual transactions in 
order to help an entity to obtain the most favourable commercial terms. Requests for such guarantees are 
appraised by the DMO on a case-by-case basis, taking risk, pricing and strategic importance into 
consideration. 
As at 31 December 2023, the total debt guaranteed by the Government was AED 372 million for the AUS 
research programme and Sharjah Research, Technology and Innovation Park Free Zone. The Government 
has also provided payment shortfall undertakings in respect of AED 1,863 million in borrowings by 
Shurooq, the University of Sharjah and Sharjah Asset Management, including a new payment shortfall 
undertaking for an AED 600 million facility provided to Sharjah Asset Management in 2023. There were 
no calls in 2023 on guarantees granted by the Government. 
Total Public Sector Debts 
The table below sets out the details of the total public sector outstanding debt, including the Government 
and GREs as at 31 December in each of the years indicated below. 
 
2018 
2019 
2020* 
2021 
2022 
2023 
Public Sector Gross Debt (AED millions)......  
35,605 
46,062 
57,686 
72,869 
81,938 
95,852 
Public Sector Gross Debt/GDP (per cent.) .....  
28.7 
36.8 
46.3 
56.0 
59.9 
66.0 
Public Sector Net Debt(1) (AED millions) ......  
31,053 
41,652 
53,937 
65,840 
75,124 
87,363 
Public Sector Net Debt(1)/GDP (per cent.) ......  
25.1 
33.3 
43.3 
50.6 
54.9 
60.2 
 _______________  
(1) Net Debt is equivalent to Gross Debt minus holdings of cash and cash equivalents. 
* 
2020 data restated to include Mubadara in Government sector on a consolidated basis. 
Public sector net debt was AED 87.4 billion  or 60.2 per cent. of GDP in 2023, AED 75.1 billion in 2022 
or 54.9 per cent. of GDP in 2022, AED 65.8 billion or 50.6 per cent. of GDP in 2021, AED 53.9 billion or 
43.3 per cent. of GDP in 2020, AED 41.7 billion or 33.3 per cent. of GDP in 2019, and AED 31.1 billion 
or 25.1 per cent. of GDP in 2018.

--- Page 113 ---
- 96 - 
 
 
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
The information set out below is subject to any change in or reinterpretation of the rules, regulations and 
procedures of DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (together, the "Clearing Systems") currently 
in effect. Investors wishing to use the facilities of any of the Clearing Systems are advised to confirm the 
continued applicability of the rules, regulations and procedures of the relevant Clearing System. None of 
the Trustee, the Government, the Delegate nor any other party to the Agency Agreement will have any 
responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to, or payments made on account of, 
beneficial ownership interests in the Trust Certificates held through the facilities of any Clearing System 
or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
Book-entry Systems 
DTC 
DTC has advised the Trustee that it is a limited purpose trust company organised under the New York 
Banking Law, a member of the Federal Reserve System, a "banking organization" within the meaning of 
the New York Banking Law, a "clearing corporation" within the meaning of the New York Uniform 
Commercial Code and a "clearing agency" registered pursuant to Section 17A of the Exchange Act. DTC 
holds securities that its participants ("Direct Participants") deposit with DTC. DTC also facilitates the 
settlement among Direct Participants of securities transactions, such as transfers and pledges, in deposited 
securities through electronic computerised book-entry changes in Direct Participants' accounts, thereby 
eliminating the need for physical movement of securities certificates. Direct Participants include securities 
brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies, clearing corporations and certain other organisations. DTC is 
a wholly-owned subsidiary of The Depository Trust & Clearing Corporation ("DTCC"). DTCC is the 
holding company for DTC, National Securities Clearing Corporation and Fixed Income Clearing 
Corporation, all of which are registered clearing agencies. DTCC is owned by the users of its regulated 
subsidiaries. Access to The Depository Trust Company System ("DTC System") is also available to others 
such as securities brokers and dealers, banks and trust companies that clear through or maintain a custodial 
relationship with a Direct Participant, either directly or indirectly ("Indirect Participants" and, together 
with Direct Participants, "Participants"). More information about DTC can be found at www.dtcc.com and 
www.dtc.org, but such information is not incorporated by reference in and does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Under the rules, regulations and procedures creating and affecting DTC and its operations (the "DTC 
Rules"), DTC makes book-entry transfers of Trust Certificates among Direct Participants on whose behalf 
it acts with respect to Trust Certificates accepted into DTC's book-entry settlement system ("DTC Trust 
Certificates") as described below and receives and transmits distributions of principal and profit and other 
payments (including Dissolution Amounts and Periodic Distribution Amounts) on DTC Trust Certificates. 
The DTC Rules are on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Direct Participants and Indirect 
Participants with which beneficial owners of DTC Trust Certificates ("Owners") have accounts with 
respect to the DTC Trust Certificates similarly are required to make book-entry transfers and receive and 
transmit such payments on behalf of their respective Owners. Accordingly, although Owners who hold 
DTC Trust Certificates through Direct Participants or Indirect Participants will not possess Trust 
Certificates, the DTC Rules, by virtue of the requirements described above, provide a mechanism by which 
Direct Participants will receive payments and will be able to transfer their interest in respect of the DTC 
Trust Certificates. 
Purchases of DTC Trust Certificates under the DTC system must be made by or through Direct Participants, 
which will receive a credit for the DTC Trust Certificates on DTC's records. The ownership interest of each 
actual purchaser of each DTC Trust Certificate ("Beneficial Owner") is in turn to be recorded on the Direct 
Participant's and Indirect Participant's records. Beneficial Owners will not receive written confirmation 
from DTC of their purchase, but Beneficial Owners are expected to receive written confirmations providing 
details of the transaction, as well as periodic statements of their holdings, from the Direct Participant or 
Indirect Participant through which the Beneficial Owner entered into the transaction. Transfers of 
ownership interests in the DTC Trust Certificates are to be accomplished by entries made on the books of 
Participants acting on behalf of Beneficial Owners. Beneficial Owners will not receive certificates 
representing their ownership interests in DTC Certificates, except in the event that use of the book-entry 
system for the DTC Trust Certificates is discontinued. 
To facilitate subsequent transfers, all DTC Trust Certificates deposited by Participants with DTC are 
registered in the name of DTC's partnership nominee, Cede & Co., or such other name as may be requested

--- Page 114 ---
- 97 - 
 
 
by an authorised representative of DTC. The deposit of DTC Trust Certificates with DTC and their 
registration in the name of Cede & Co. or such other DTC nominee effect no change in beneficial 
ownership. DTC has no knowledge of the actual Beneficial Owners of the DTC Trust Certificates; DTC's 
records reflect only the identity of the Direct Participants to whose accounts such DTC Trust Certificates 
are credited, which may or may not be the Beneficial Owners. The Participants will remain responsible for 
keeping account of their holdings on behalf of their customers. 
Conveyance of notices and other communications by DTC to Direct Participants, by Direct Participants to 
Indirect Participants, and by Direct Participants and Indirect Participants to Beneficial Owners will be 
governed by arrangements among them, subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements as may be in 
effect from time to time. 
Redemption notices shall be sent to DTC. If less than all of the DTC Trust Certificates within an issue are 
being redeemed, DTC's practice is to determine by lot the amount of the interest of each Direct Participant 
in such issue to be redeemed. 
Neither DTC nor Cede & Co. (nor any other DTC nominee) will consent or vote with respect to DTC Trust 
Certificates unless authorised by a Direct Participant in accordance with DTC's MMI Procedures. Under its 
usual procedures, DTC mails an omnibus proxy to the Trustee as soon as possible after the record date. The 
omnibus proxy assigns Cede & Co.'s consenting or voting rights to those Direct Participants to whose 
accounts the DTC Trust Certificates are credited on the record date (identified in a listing attached to the 
omnibus proxy). 
Periodic Distribution Amounts and Dissolution Amounts on the DTC Trust Certificates will be made to 
Cede & Co., or such other nominee as may be requested by an authorised representative of DTC. DTC's 
practice is to credit Direct Participants' accounts upon DTC's receipt of funds and corresponding detail 
information from the Trustee or the relevant agent (or such other nominee as may be requested by an 
authorised representative of DTC), on the relevant payment date in accordance with their respective 
holdings shown in DTC's records. Payments by Participants to Beneficial Owners will be governed by 
standing instructions and customary practices, as is the case with securities held for the accounts of 
customers, and will be the responsibility of such Participant and not of DTC or the Trustee, subject to any 
statutory or regulatory requirements as may be in effect from time to time. Payment of Periodic Distribution 
Amounts and Dissolution Amounts to DTC is the responsibility of the Trustee, disbursement of such 
payments to Direct Participants is the responsibility of DTC, and disbursement of such payments to the 
Beneficial Owners is the responsibility of Direct Participants and Indirect Participants. 
Under certain circumstances, including if there is a Dissolution Event under the Trust Certificates, DTC 
will exchange the DTC Trust Certificates for definitive Trust Certificates, which it will distribute to its 
Participants in accordance with their proportionate entitlements and which will be legended as set forth 
under "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions". 
A Beneficial Owner shall give notice to elect to have its DTC Trust Certificates purchased or tendered, 
through its Participant, to the relevant agent, and shall effect delivery of such DTC Trust Certificates by 
causing the Direct Participant to transfer the Participant's interest in the DTC Trust Certificates, on DTC's 
records, to the relevant agent. The requirement for physical delivery of DTC Trust Certificates in connection 
with an optional tender or a mandatory purchase will be deemed satisfied when the ownership rights in the 
DTC Trust Certificates are transferred by Direct Participants on DTC's records and followed by a book-
entry credit of tendered DTC Trust Certificates to the relevant agent's DTC account. 
DTC may discontinue providing its services as depositary with respect to the DTC Trust Certificate sat any 
time by giving reasonable notice to the Trustee or the relevant agent. Under such circumstances, in the 
event that a successor depositary is not obtained, DTC Trust Certificates are required to be printed and 
delivered. 
The Trustee may decide to discontinue use of the system of book-entry-only transfers through DTC (or a 
successor securities depositary). In that event, DTC Trust Certificates will be printed and delivered to DTC. 
Since DTC may only act on behalf of Direct Participants, who in turn act on behalf of Indirect Participants, 
any Owner desiring to pledge DTC Trust Certificates to persons or entities that do not participate in DTC, 
or otherwise take actions with respect to such DTC Trust Certificates, will be required to withdraw its Trust 
Certificates from DTC as described below.

--- Page 115 ---
- 98 - 
 
 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg each holds securities for its customers and facilitates the clearance 
and settlement of securities transactions by electronic book-entry transfer between their respective 
accountholders. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg provide various services including safekeeping, 
administration, clearance and settlement of internationally traded securities and securities lending and 
borrowing. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg also deal with domestic securities markets in several 
countries through established depositary and custodial relationships. Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg have established an electronic bridge between their two systems across which their respective 
participants may settle trades with each other. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg customers are world-wide financial institutions, including 
underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies and clearing corporations. Indirect 
access to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg is available to other institutions that clear through or 
maintain a custodial relationship with an accountholder of either system. 
Book-entry Ownership and Payments in respect of DTC Trust Certificates 
The Trustee may apply to DTC in order to have any Tranche of Certificates represented by a Global Trust 
Certificate accepted in its book-entry settlement system. Upon the issue of any such Global Trust 
Certificate, DTC or its custodian will credit, on its internal book-entry system, the respective face amounts 
of the individual beneficial interests represented by such Global Trust Certificate to the accounts of persons 
who have accounts with DTC. Such accounts initially will be designated by or on behalf of the relevant 
Dealer. Ownership of beneficial interests in such a Global Trust Certificate will be limited to Direct 
Participants or Indirect Participants, including, in the case of any Unrestricted Global Trust Certificate, the 
respective depositaries of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Ownership of beneficial interests in a 
Global Trust Certificate accepted by DTC will be shown on, and the transfer of such ownership will be 
effected only through, records maintained by DTC or its nominee (with respect to the interests of Direct 
Participants) and the records of Direct Participants (with respect to interests of Indirect Participants). 
Payments in U.S. Dollars of Periodic Distribution Amounts and Dissolution Amounts in respect of a Global 
Trust Certificate accepted by DTC will be made to the order of DTC or its nominee as the registered holder 
of such Trust Certificate. In the case of any payment in a currency other than U.S. Dollars, payment will be 
made to the FX Agent on behalf of DTC or its nominee and the FX Agent will (in accordance with 
instructions received by it) remit all or a portion of such payment for credit directly to the beneficial holders 
of interests in the Global Trust Certificate in the currency in which such payment was made and/or cause 
all or a portion of such payment to be converted into U.S. Dollars and credited to the applicable Participants' 
account. 
The Trustee expects DTC to credit accounts of Direct Participants on the applicable payment date in 
accordance with their respective holdings as shown in the records of DTC unless DTC has reason to believe 
that it will not receive payment on such payment date. The Trustee also expects that payments by 
Participants to beneficial owners of Trust Certificates will be governed by standing instructions and 
customary practices, as is the case with securities held for the accounts of customers, and will be the 
responsibility of such Participant and not the responsibility of DTC, the Principal Paying Agent, the relevant 
Registrar or the Delegate. Payment of Periodic Distribution Amounts and Dissolution Amounts and any 
other amounts on Trust Certificates to DTC is the responsibility of the Trustee. 
Transfers of Trust Certificates Represented by Registered Global Certificates 
Transfers of any interests in Trust Certificates represented by a Global Trust Certificate within DTC, 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be effected in accordance with the customary rules and 
operating procedures of the relevant Clearing System. The laws in some States within the United States 
require that certain persons take physical delivery of securities in definitive form. Consequently, the ability 
to transfer Trust Certificates represented by a Global Trust Certificates to such persons may depend upon 
the ability to exchange such Trust Certificates for Trust Certificates in definitive form. Similarly, because 
DTC can only act on behalf of Direct Participants in the DTC system who in turn act on behalf of Indirect 
Participants, the ability of a person having an interest in Trust Certificates represented by a Global Trust 
Certificate accepted by DTC to pledge such Trust Certificates to persons or entities that do not participate 
in the DTC system or otherwise to take action in respect of such Trust Certificates may depend upon the 
ability to exchange such Trust Certificates for Trust Certificates in definitive form. The ability of any holder 
of Trust Certificates represented by a Global Trust Certificate accepted by DTC to resell, pledge or

--- Page 116 ---
- 99 - 
 
 
otherwise transfer such Trust Certificates may be impaired if the proposed transferee of such Trust 
Certificates is not eligible to hold such Trust Certificates through a Direct Participant or Indirect Participant 
in the DTC system. 
Subject to compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to the Trust Certificates described under 
"Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions", cross-market transfers between DTC, on the 
one hand, and directly or indirectly through Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear accountholders, on the 
other, will be effected by the relevant Clearing System in accordance with its rules and through action taken 
by the relevant Registrar, the Principal Paying Agent and any custodian (a "Custodian") with whom the 
relevant Global Trust Certificates have been deposited. 
On or after the Issue Date for any Series, transfers of Trust Certificates of such Series between 
accountholders in Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and transfers of Trust Certificates of such Series 
between participants in DTC will generally have a settlement date three business days after the trade date 
(T+3). The customary arrangements for delivery versus payment will apply to such transfers. 
Cross-market transfers between accountholders in Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear and DTC 
participants will need to have an agreed settlement date between the parties to such transfer. Because there 
is no direct link between DTC, on the one hand, and Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear, on the other, 
transfers of interests in the relevant Global Trust Certificates will be effected through the relevant Registrar, 
the Principal Paying Agent and the Custodian receiving instructions (and, where appropriate, certification) 
from the transferor and arranging for delivery of the interests being transferred to the credit of the designated 
account for the transferee. In the case of cross-market transfers, settlement between Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg accountholders and DTC participants cannot be made on a delivery versus 
payment basis. The securities will be delivered on a free delivery basis and arrangements for payment must 
be made separately. 
DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear have each published rules and operating procedures 
designed to facilitate transfers of beneficial interests in Global Trust Certificates among participants and 
accountholders of DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear. However, they are under no obligation 
to perform or continue to perform such procedures, and such procedures may be discontinued or changed 
at any time. None of the Trustee, the Government, the Delegate, the Agents or any Dealer will be 
responsible for any performance by DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear or their respective direct 
or indirect participants or accountholders of their respective obligations under the rules and procedures 
governing their operations nor will the Government, any Agent or any Dealer have any liability for any 
aspect of the records relating to or payments made on account of beneficial interests in the Trust Certificates 
represented by Global Trust Certificates or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating 
to such beneficial interests. 
SETTLEMENT OF PRE-ISSUE TRADES 
It is expected that delivery of Trust Certificates will be made against payment therefor on the Issue Date, 
which could be more than two business days following the date of pricing. Under Rule 15c6-1 under the 
Exchange Act, and effective since 28 May 2024, trades in the United States secondary market generally are 
required to settle one business day after the trade date (T+1), unless the parties to any such trade expressly 
agree otherwise. 
Accordingly, purchasers who wish to trade Trust Certificates in the United States on the date of pricing or 
the next succeeding business days until three days prior to the Issue Date will be required, by virtue of the 
fact the Trust Certificates initially will settle beyond T+1, to specify an alternate settlement cycle at the 
time of any such trade to prevent a failed settlement. Settlement procedures in other countries will vary. 
Purchasers of Trust Certificates may be affected by such local settlement practices and purchasers of Trust 
Certificates between the relevant date of pricing and the Issue Date should consult their own advisers.

--- Page 117 ---
- 100 - 
 
 
FORM OF THE TRUST CERTIFICATES 
Words and expressions defined in the Conditions shall have the same meanings in this section, "Form of 
the Trust Certificates". 
The Trust Certificates of each Tranche will be in registered form. Trust Certificates will be issued and sold 
outside the United States to non U.S. persons in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by 
Regulation S and within the United States in reliance on Rule 144A or otherwise in private transactions 
that are exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
The Trust Certificates of each Tranche offered and sold in reliance on Regulation S, which will be sold to 
persons who are not U.S. persons outside the United States, will initially be represented by beneficial 
interests in a global certificate in registered form (an "Unrestricted Global Trust Certificate"). Prior to 
expiry of the distribution compliance period (as defined in Regulation S) applicable to each Tranche of 
Trust Certificates, beneficial interests in an Unrestricted Global Trust Certificate may not be offered or sold 
to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person and may not be held otherwise than through Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and such Unrestricted Global Trust Certificate will bear a legend regarding such 
restrictions on transfer. 
The Trust Certificates of each Tranche offered and sold in the United States or to U.S. persons may only 
be offered and sold in private transactions to persons reasonably believed to be QIBs that are also QPs. The 
Trust Certificates of each Tranche sold to QIBs that are also QPs in reliance on Rule 144A will initially be 
represented by a global certificate in registered form (a "Restricted Global Trust Certificate" and, 
together with an Unrestricted Global Trust Certificate, the "Global Trust Certificate"). By the acquisition 
of a beneficial interest in such Restricted Global Trust Certificate, the purchaser thereof will be deemed to 
represent, among other things, that it is a QIB that is also a QP and that, if in the future it determines to 
transfer such beneficial interest, it will transfer such interest in accordance with the procedures and 
restrictions contained in the Restricted Global Trust Certificate. No sale of Legended Trust Certificates (as 
defined under "U.S. Information" above) in the United States to any one purchaser will be for less than 
U.S.$200,000 (or its foreign currency equivalent) in face amount. 
Global Trust Certificates will either: (i) be deposited with a custodian for, and registered in the name of a 
nominee of, DTC or (ii) be deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and will be registered in the name of a nominee for the common depositary. Persons holding 
beneficial interests in Global Trust Certificates will be entitled or required, as the case may be, under the 
circumstances described below, to receive physical delivery of definitive Trust Certificates in fully 
registered form. 
Payments of any amount in respect of each Global Trust Certificate will, in the absence of provision to the 
contrary, be made to the person shown on the relevant Register as the registered holder of the relevant 
Global Trust Certificate. None of the Trustee, the Delegate or any Agent will have any responsibility or 
liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments or deliveries made on account of beneficial 
ownership interests in the Global Trust Certificates or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records 
relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
Payment of any amounts in respect of Trust Certificates will, in the absence of any provision to the contrary, 
be made to the persons shown on the relevant Register on the relevant Record Date immediately preceding 
the due date for payment in the manner provided in the Conditions. 
The calculation of any profit amount in respect of any Trust Certificate which is represented by a Global 
Trust Certificate will be calculated on the aggregate outstanding face amount of the Trust Certificates 
represented by such Global Trust Certificate and not by reference to the Calculation Amount. 
Interests in a Global Trust Certificate will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for 
definitive Trust Certificates only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. The Trustee will promptly 
give notice to Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) if an Exchange Event occurs. 
For these purposes, "Exchange Event" means that: (i) the Delegate has given notice in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Dissolution Events) that a Dissolution Event has occurred and is continuing and the Trust 
Certificates become due and payable; (ii) in the case of Trust Certificates registered in the name of a 
nominee for DTC, either DTC has notified the Trustee that it is unwilling or unable to continue to act as 
depository for the Trust Certificates and no alternative clearing system is available or DTC has ceased to 
constitute a clearing agency registered under the Exchange Act and no alternative clearing system is

--- Page 118 ---
- 101 - 
 
 
available (in accordance with the terms of the Global Trust Certificate); or (iii) in the case of Trust 
Certificates registered in the name of a nominee for a Common Depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, the Trustee, the Government and the Delegate have been notified that both Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by 
reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or 
have in fact done so and, in any such case, no successor clearing system is available. In the event of the 
occurrence of an Exchange Event, DTC, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the 
instructions of any holder of an interest in such Global Trust Certificate) may give notice to the relevant 
Registrar requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (ii) 
above, the Trustee may also give notice to the relevant Registrar requesting exchange. Any such exchange 
shall occur not later than 10 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the relevant Registrar. 
Definitive Trust Certificates issued in exchange for a beneficial interest in the Restricted Global Trust 
Certificate shall bear the legends applicable to transfers pursuant to Rule 144A and Rule 3(c)(7) of the 
Investment Company Act, as set out under "Subscription and Sale and Transfer And Selling Restrictions—
Transfer Restrictions".  
Transfer of Interests 
No beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global Trust Certificate may be transferred to a person who takes 
delivery in the form of a beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Trust Certificate unless: (i) the transfer 
is to a person that is both a QIB and a QP, (ii) such transfer is made in reliance on Rule 144A, and (iii) the 
transferor provides the relevant Registrar with a written certification to the effect that the transferor 
reasonably believes that the transferee is a QIB that is also a QP, that the transfer is being made in a 
transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A and that such transaction is in accordance with any 
applicable securities laws of any State of the United States or any other jurisdiction. No beneficial interest 
in the Restricted Global Trust Certificates may be transferred to a person who takes delivery in the form of 
a beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global Trust Certificate unless the transfer is to a non-U.S. person 
in an offshore transaction in reliance on Regulation S and the transferor provides the relevant Registrar with 
a written certification to the effect that the transfer is being made to a person who is a non-U.S. person in 
accordance with Regulation S.  
Interests in a Global Trust Certificate may, subject to compliance with all applicable restrictions, be 
transferred to a person who wishes to hold such interest in another Global Trust Certificate. No beneficial 
owner of an interest in a Global Trust Certificate will be able to transfer such interest, except in accordance 
with the applicable procedures of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, in each case to the extent 
applicable.  
For so long as any of the Trust Certificates is represented by a Global Trust Certificate held on behalf of 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC (as applicable), each person (other than Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC (as applicable)) who is for the time being shown in the records of 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC (as applicable) as the holder of a particular face amount of 
such Trust Certificates (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or DTC (as applicable) as to the face amount of such Trust Certificates standing to the account 
of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be 
treated by the Trustee, the Delegate, the Government and the Agents as the holder of such face amount of 
such Trust Certificates for all purposes other than with respect to any payment in respect of such Trust 
Certificates, for which purpose the registered holder of the Global Trust Certificate shall be treated by the 
Trustee, the Delegate, the Government and any Agent as the holder of such face amount of such Trust 
Certificates in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Trust Certificate and the 
expressions "Certificateholder" and "holder" in relation to any Trust Certificates and related expressions 
shall be construed accordingly.  
Trust Certificates are also subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth therein and will bear a 
legend regarding such restrictions, see "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions". 
General 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement, the Principal Paying Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche 
is issued (in accordance with "Further Issues", as set out in the Conditions) which is intended to form a 
single Series with an existing Tranche at a point after the Issue Date of the further Tranche, the Trust 
Certificates of such further Tranche shall be assigned a common code and ISIN and, where applicable, a

--- Page 119 ---
- 102 - 
 
 
CUSIP and CINS number which are different from the common code, ISIN, CUSIP and CINS assigned to 
Trust Certificates of any other Tranche of the same Series until such time as the Tranches are consolidated 
and form a single Series. 
Interests in a Global Trust Certificate may, subject to compliance with all applicable restrictions, be 
transferred to a person who wishes to hold such interest in another Global Trust Certificate. No beneficial 
owner of an interest in a Global Trust Certificate will be able to transfer such interest, except in accordance 
with the applicable procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC, to the extent 
applicable. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC shall, whenever the 
context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 120 ---
- 103 -
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
The form of Final Terms that will be issued in respect of each Tranche, subject only to the deletion of non-
applicable provisions, is set out below: 
[EU MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the 
target market assessment in respect of the Trust Certificates has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target 
market for the Trust Certificates is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in 
Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Trust 
Certificates to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Trust Certificates (a "distributor") should take into consideration 
the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to EU MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Trust Certificates (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the 
target market assessment in respect of the Trust Certificates has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target 
market for the Trust Certificates is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct 
of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the [European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (the "EUWA")]/[the EUWA] ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Trust 
Certificates to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Trust Certificates (a "distributor") should take into consideration 
the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") 
is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Trust Certificates (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.] 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to sections 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (the "SFA"), the Trustee has 
determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A of the SFA) that the Trust 
Certificates are ["prescribed capital markets products"/capital markets products other than "prescribed 
capital markets products"] (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 
2018) and ["Excluded Investment Products"]/["Specified Investment Products"] (as defined in MAS 
Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products).] 
Final Terms dated [] 2024 
Sharjah Sukuk Programme Limited 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 549300N3BQ9P6RRMVV02 
Issue of [Aggregate Face Amount of Tranche] [Title of Trust Certificates] 
under the Trust Certificate Issuance Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions of 
the Trust Certificates (the "Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated 1 July 2024 [and the 
supplement(s) thereto dated [∙]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") 
for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "EU Prospectus Regulation"). This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the Trust Certificates described herein [for the purposes of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation]2 and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus3. Full information on the Trustee, 
the Government and the offer of the Trust Certificates is only available on the basis of the combination of 
2
To be included only if the Trust Certificates are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market, and listing on the official list, 
of Euronext Dublin. 
3
To be deleted where the Trust Certificates are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA nor offered in the 
EEA in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Directive.

--- Page 121 ---
- 104 -
these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus [and these Final Terms]4 [is/are] available 
for viewing on the website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin) and the 
website of Nasdaq Dubai (http://www.nasdaqdubai.com).] 
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a base prospectus with an earlier date. 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions of 
the Trust Certificates (the "Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated [5 March 2018]/[20 March 
2019]/[21 April 2020]/[5 July 2021]/[8 September 2023] which are incorporated by reference in the base 
prospectus dated 1 July 2024 [and the supplement(s) thereto dated [∙]] which [together] constitute[s] a base 
prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "EU Prospectus 
Regulation"). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Trust Certificates described herein [for the 
purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation]5 and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus6. 
Full information on the Trustee, the Government and the offer of the Trust Certificates is only available on 
the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus [and these 
Final 
Terms]
7
 [is/are] 
available 
for 
viewing 
on 
the 
website 
of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
(https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin) 
and 
the 
website 
of 
Nasdaq 
Dubai 
(http://www.nasdaqdubai.com).] 
1.
(a)
Trustee and Lessor: 
Sharjah Sukuk Programme Limited 
(b)
Seller, 
Obligor, 
Lessee 
and
Servicing Agent:
The Government of the Emirate of Sharjah acting 
through the Sharjah Finance Department (the 
"Government") 
2.
(a)
Series Number: 
[∙] 
(b)
Tranche Number:
[∙]/[Not Applicable] 
(c)
Date 
on 
which
the 
Trust 
Certificates become fungible: 
[The Trust Certificates will be consolidated and 
form a single Series with [identify earlier 
Tranche(s)] on [insert date/the Issue Date]][Not 
Applicable] 
3.
Specified Currency:
[∙] 
4.
Aggregate Face Amount:
(a)
Series
[∙] 
(b)
Tranche
[∙] 
4
To be included only if the Trust Certificates are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market, and listing on the official list, 
of Euronext Dublin. 
5
To be included only if the Trust Certificates are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market, and listing on the official list, 
of Euronext Dublin. 
6
To be deleted where the Trust Certificates are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA nor offered in the 
EEA in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Directive. 
7
To be included only if the Trust Certificates are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market, and listing on the official list, 
of Euronext Dublin.

--- Page 122 ---
- 105 - 
 
 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[∙] per cent. of the Aggregate Face Amount 
6. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[∙] 
 
(b) 
Calculation Amount: 
[∙] 
7. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[∙] 
 
(b) 
Return Accumulation 
Commencement Date 
[[∙]/Issue Date] 
8. 
Scheduled Dissolution Date: 
[∙] 
9. 
Periodic Distribution Amount Basis: 
Fixed Rate Trust Certificates (further particulars 
specified below in paragraph 14) 
10. 
Dissolution Basis: 
The Trust Certificates will be redeemed at 100 per 
cent. of the Aggregate Face Amount 
11. 
Put/Call Rights: 
[Clean Up Call Right] 
[Optional Dissolution Call Right] 
[Certificateholder Put Right] 
 
12. 
Status 
The Trust Certificates are direct, unsecured, 
unsubordinated and limited recourse obligations of 
the Trustee 
13. 
Date of Trustee's approval and date of 
Government's approval for issuance of 
Trust Certificates: 
[∙] and [∙], respectively 
Provisions relating to profit payable (if any) 
14. 
Fixed Periodic Distribution Provisions: 
 
 
(a) 
Rate[(s)]: 
[∙] per cent. per annum payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly/[∙]] [in arrear on each 
Periodic Distribution Date] 
 
(b) 
Return Accumulation Period: 
[[∙]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
(c) 
Periodic Distribution Date(s): 
[[∙] in each year up to and including the Scheduled 
Dissolution Date] 
 
(d) 
Fixed 
Amount(s) 
for 
Trust 
Certificates in definitive form (and 
[∙] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 123 ---
- 106 - 
 
 
in relation to Trust Certificates in 
global form, see Condition 7): 
 
(e) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[∙] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Periodic Distribution Date falling [in/on] [∙]/Not 
Applicable] 
 
(f) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual (ICMA) / 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/365 (Sterling) / 
Actual/360] 
 
(g) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[∙] in each year/Not Applicable] 
Provisions relating to dissolution 
15. 
Optional Dissolution Call Right: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(a) 
Optional Dissolution Date(s): 
[∙]8 
 
(b) 
Optional 
Dissolution 
Amount 
(Call): 
[[∙]/As per Condition 10.3] 
 
(c) 
Notice periods: 
[[∙]/As per Condition 10.3] 
16. 
Certificateholder Put Right: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(a) 
Optional 
Dissolution 
Amount 
(Put): 
[[∙]/As per Condition 10.5] 
 
(b) 
Certificateholder 
Put 
Right 
Date(s): 
[∙] 
 
(c) 
Notice period: 
[[∙]/As per Condition 10.5] 
17. 
Clean Up Call Right: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(a) 
Clean Up Call Right in respect of 
Condition 10.5: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(b) 
Clean Up Call Right in respect of 
Condition 10.6: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
8  
No optional dissolution within 365 days of the issue date of the relevant series.

--- Page 124 ---
- 107 - 
 
 
 
(c) 
Clean Up Call Right Dissolution 
Amount: 
[[∙]/As per Condition 10.7] 
 
(d) 
Notice period: 
[[∙]9/As per Condition 10.7] 
18. 
Tangibility Event Dissolution Amount: 
[∙] 
19. 
Dissolution Event Amount: 
[∙] 
20. 
Final Dissolution Amount: 
[∙] 
21. 
Other Dissolution Amount: 
[[∙]/Not Applicable] 
General provisions applicable to the Trust Certificates 
22. 
Form of Trust Certificates: 
Trust Certificates in registered form: 
 
 
[Unrestricted Global Trust Certificate registered in 
the name of a nominee for [DTC/a common 
depositary 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg]] 
[Restricted Global Trust Certificate(s) registered in 
the name of a nominee for [DTC/a common 
depositary 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg]] 
23. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[∙]] 
Provisions in respect of the Trust Assets 
24. 
Trust Assets: 
Condition 5.1 applies 
25. 
On the Issue Date: 
 
 
(a) 
Ijara Percentage: 
[∙] 
 
(b) 
Murabaha Percentage: 
[∙] 
26. 
(a) 
Details of Transaction Account 
(to be held in London): 
[Sharjah Sukuk Programme Limited] Transaction 
Account No: [∙] with [∙] for Series No.: [∙] 
 
9 
Such notice being 30 days after the Certificateholder Put Right Date or the Tangibility Event Put Right Date.

--- Page 125 ---
- 108 - 
 
 
 
(b) 
Supplemental Declaration of 
Trust: 
Supplemental Declaration of Trust dated [∙] 
between the Trustee, the Government and the 
Delegate 
 
(c) 
Supplemental Purchase 
Agreement: 
Supplemental Purchase Agreement dated [∙] 
between the Trustee and the Government 
 
(d) 
Supplemental Lease Agreement 
Supplemental Lease Agreement dated [∙] between 
the Trustee, the Lessor, the Lessee and the 
Delegate 
 
(e) 
[Purchase Order and Letter of 
Offer and Acceptance: 
Purchase Order dated [∙] from the Obligor (as 
"Buyer") to the Trustee (as "Seller") and Letter of 
Offer and Acceptance dated [∙] from the Seller to 
the Buyer.] 
 
(f) 
Declaration of Commingling of 
Assets: 
[Declaration of Commingling of Assets dated [∙] 
executed by the Trustee][Not Applicable] 
 
 
Signed on behalf of SHARJAH SUKUK 
PROGRAMME LIMITED 
Signed on behalf of THE GOVERNMENT OF 
THE EMIRATE OF SHARJAH ACTING 
THROUGH 
THE 
SHARJAH 
FINANCE 
DEPARTMENT 
 
 
By ........................................................................... 
By: .......................................................................... 
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised

--- Page 126 ---
- 109 - 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
 
(a) 
Listing and Admission to trading: 
[Application [has been]/[will be] made by the 
Trustee (or on its behalf) to Euronext Dublin for 
the Trust Certificates to be listed on its Official List 
and admitted to trading on its regulated market 
with effect from [∙].] [Application [has been]/[will 
be] made by the Trustee (or on its behalf) for the 
Trust Certificates to be listed on the Official List of 
the DFSA and admitted to trading on Nasdaq 
Dubai]. [Not Applicable.] 
 
(b) 
Estimate of total expenses related 
to admission to trading: 
[∙] 
2. 
Ratings 
 
Ratings: 
The Trust Certificates to be issued [have been/are 
expected to be/will not be] rated. 
[Fitch: 
[∙]] 
[S&P: 
[∙]] 
[Moody's: [∙]] 
[[∙]: 
[∙]] 
 
 
[∙] is established in the EEA and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"EU CRA Regulation"). As such, [∙] is/are 
included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by the ESMA on its website (at 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-
rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with the EU 
CRA Regulation. [The rating [⸱] has assigned 
[is/are] endorsed by [⸱], which is established in the 
EEA and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation.].  
[[∙][is/are] established in the United Kingdom and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018. 
(the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation"). As such, [⸱] appear[s] on the latest 
update of the list of registered credit rating 
agencies 
on 
the 
UK 
[Financial 
Conduct 
Authority]/[FCA]'s Financial Services Register. 
[The rating [⸱] has assigned by [][is/are] is 
endorsed by [⸱], which is established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation].]

--- Page 127 ---
- 110 - 
 
 
3. 
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons involved in the Issue 
 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealer], so far as each of the Trustee and the 
Government is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Trust Certificates has an interest 
material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealer] and [its/their] affiliates have engaged, and may in 
the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may 
perform services for, the Government and/or the Trustee (and each of their affiliates) in the 
ordinary course of business for which they may receive fees.] 
4. 
Yield: 
[∙] per cent. per annum. The yield is calculated at 
the Issue Date on the basis of the Issue Price. It is 
not an indication of future yield. 
5. 
Sustainable Trust Certificates, Estimated 
Net Proceeds: 
 
 
 
 
(a) 
Sustainable Trust Certificates: 
 
 
[Yes]/[No] 
(b) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[See "Use of Proceeds" in the Base Prospectus]/[] 
(c) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[] 
6. 
Operational Information 
 
(a) 
ISIN: 
[∙] 
 
(b) 
CUSIP: 
[∙]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(c) 
CINS: 
[∙]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(d) 
Common Code: 
[∙] 
 
(e) 
[FISN: 
[∙] / [As set out on the website of the Association 
of Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency that assigned the ISIN]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
(f) 
[CFI Code: 
[∙] / [As set out on the website of the Association 
of Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency that assigned the ISIN]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
(g) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
DTC, Euroclear Bank SA/NV and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s), address(es) and 
number(s)] 
 
(h) 
Delivery 
Delivery [against/free of] payment

--- Page 128 ---
- 111 - 
 
 
 
(i) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[∙] 
7. 
Distribution 
 
(a) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(b) 
If syndicated, names of Managers:
 
 
[Not Applicable]/[] 
 
(c) 
Date of Subscription Agreement: 
[Not Applicable]/[] 
 
(d) 
Stabilisation Manager(s):  
[] 
 
(e) 
If 
non-syndicated, 
name 
of
 
relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable]/[]

--- Page 129 ---
- 112 - 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE TRUST CERTIFICATES 
The following is the text of the Terms and Conditions of the Trust Certificates, which (save for the text in 
italics and subject to completion in accordance with the provisions of Part A of the applicable Final Terms) 
will be endorsed on each Trust Certificate in definitive registered form issued under the Programme and 
will apply to each Global Trust Certificate. 
Sharjah Sukuk Programme Limited (in its capacity as issuer of the Trust Certificates (as defined below) 
and as trustee for the Certificateholders (as defined below), the "Trustee"), has established a programme 
(the "Programme") for the issuance of trust certificates (the "Trust Certificates"). 
As used herein, "Tranche" means Trust Certificates which are identical in all respects (including as to 
listing and admission to trading) and "Series" means a Tranche of Trust Certificates together with any 
further Tranche or Tranches of Trust Certificates which (a) are expressed to be consolidated and form a 
single series and (b) have the same terms and conditions or terms and conditions which are the same in all 
respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of Periodic Distribution Amounts (as defined 
herein) thereon and the date from which Periodic Distribution Amounts start to accrue. 
The final terms for this Trust Certificate (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the 
Final Terms attached to or endorsed on this Trust Certificate which complete these Terms and Conditions 
(these "Conditions"). References to the "applicable Final Terms" are to Part A of the Final Terms (or the 
relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Trust Certificate (save where otherwise 
expressed herein). 
Each of the Trust Certificates will represent an undivided ownership interest in the Trust Assets (as defined 
below) which are held by the Trustee on trust (the "Trust") for, inter alia, the benefit of the holders of the 
Trust Certificates pursuant to: (i) an amended and restated Master Declaration of Trust (the "Master 
Declaration of Trust") dated 1 July 2024 and made between the Trustee, the Government of the Emirate 
of Sharjah acting through the Sharjah Finance Department (the "Government") and Deutsche Trustee 
Company Limited (the "Delegate"); and (ii) a supplemental declaration of trust (the "Supplemental 
Declaration of Trust" and, together with the Master Declaration of Trust, the "Declaration of Trust") 
having the details set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
In these Conditions, references to "Trust Certificates" shall be references to the Trust Certificates of the 
Series which are the subject of the applicable Final Terms only, not to all Trust Certificates that may be 
issued under the Programme (whether in global form as a Global Trust Certificate or in definitive form as 
definitive Trust Certificates), which are the subject of the applicable Final Terms. 
Payments relating to the Trust Certificates will be made pursuant to an amended and restated agency 
agreement dated 1 July 2024 (the "Agency Agreement") made between the Trustee, the Delegate, the 
Government, Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch as principal paying agent (the "Principal Paying 
Agent", which expression shall include any successor principal paying agent and, together with the U.S. 
Paying Agent and with any further or other paying agents appointed from time to time in respect of the 
Trust Certificates, the "Paying Agents"), transfer agent (the "Transfer Agent", which expression shall 
include the U.S. Transfer Agent, and together with the Registrar, the "Transfer Agents", which expression 
shall include any successor transfer agent) and FX agent (the "FX Agent", which expression shall include 
any successor FX agent), Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas as paying agent and transfer agent (the 
"U.S. Paying Agent" and "U.S. Transfer Agent", respectively, which expressions shall include any 
successor U.S. paying agent and U.S. transfer agent, as applicable) and as registrar (the "U.S. Registrar", 
which expression shall include any successor U.S. registrar), in each case, in respect of the Trust Certificates 
accepted into DTC's book-entry settlement system and Deutsche Bank Luxembourg, S.A. as registrar (in 
such capacity together with the U.S. Registrar, each a "Registrar", as the case may be, which expression 
shall include any successor registrar). The Principal Paying Agent, the Paying Agents, the Transfer Agents 
and the Registrars are together referred to in these Conditions as the "Agents". 
The holders of the Trust Certificates (the "Certificateholders") are bound by, and are deemed to have 
notice of, all of the provisions applicable to them in the documents set out below, copies of which are 
available for inspection and/or collection by Certificateholders during normal business hours on any 
weekday (excluding Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays) at the specified office for the time being of 
the Principal Paying Agent:

--- Page 130 ---
- 113 - 
 
 
(a) 
an amended and restated master purchase agreement between the Trustee (in its capacity as 
purchaser), the Government (in its capacity as seller) and the Delegate dated 1 July 2024 (the 
"Master Purchase Agreement"); 
(b) 
the supplemental purchase agreement (the "Supplemental Purchase Agreement" and, together 
with the Master Purchase Agreement, the "Purchase Agreement") having the details set out in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
(c) 
an amended and restated master lease agreement between the Trustee (in such capacity as lessor), 
the Government (in its capacity as lessee) and the Delegate dated 1 July 2024 (the "Master Lease 
Agreement"); 
(d) 
the supplemental lease agreement (the "Supplemental Lease Agreement" and, together with the 
Master Lease Agreement, the "Lease Agreement") having the details set out in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
(e) 
an amended and restated purchase undertaking executed by the Government (in its capacity as 
obligor) as a deed dated 1 July 2024 (the "Purchase Undertaking"), containing the form of sale 
agreement (the "Sale Agreement") to be executed by the Government (in its capacity as purchaser) 
and the Trustee (in its capacity as seller) on the Scheduled Dissolution Date, the Dissolution Event 
Redemption Date, the Certificateholder Put Right Date or the Tangibility Event Put Right Date, as 
the case may be (each such expression having the meaning given to it in the Purchase Undertaking); 
(f) 
an amended and restated sale and substitution undertaking executed by the Trustee as a deed dated 
1 July 2024 (the "Sale and Substitution Undertaking") containing the form of sale agreement 
(the "Sale Agreement") to be executed by the Trustee (in its capacity as seller) and the Government 
(in its capacity as purchaser) on the Tax Dissolution Date, the Clean Up Call Right Dissolution 
Date, the Optional Dissolution Date, the Cancellation Date or the Substitution Date, as the case 
may be (each such expression having the meaning given to it in the Sale and Substitution 
Undertaking); 
(g) 
an amended and restated servicing agency agreement between the Trustee (in its capacity as lessor), 
the Government (in its capacity as servicing agent, the "Servicing Agent") and the Delegate dated 
1 July 2024 (the "Servicing Agency Agreement"); 
(h) 
an amended and restated master murabaha agreement between the Trustee (in such capacity as 
seller), the Government (in such capacity as buyer) and the Delegate dated 1 July 2024 (the 
"Master Murabaha Agreement"), together with the purchase order, the letter of offer and 
acceptance and all other offers, acceptances and confirmations delivered pursuant thereto in 
connection with the relevant Series; 
(i) 
a declaration of commingling of assets entered into by the Trustee as a deed pursuant to the 
Declaration of Trust; 
(j) 
the Declaration of Trust; 
(k) 
the Agency Agreement; and 
(l) 
the applicable Final Terms, 
(a) to (k) together being the "Transaction Documents". 
The statements in these Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the 
Transaction Documents. 
Each initial Certificateholder, by its acquisition and holding of its interest in a Trust Certificate, shall be 
deemed to authorise and direct the Trustee to enter into each Transaction Document to which it is a party, 
subject to the terms and conditions of the Declaration of Trust and these Conditions and to apply the sums 
paid by it in respect of its Trust Certificates in accordance with the terms of the Transaction Documents.

--- Page 131 ---
- 114 - 
 
 
1. 
Interpretation 
1.1 
Definitions 
Words and expressions defined in the Declaration of Trust and the Agency Agreement or used in 
the applicable Final Terms shall have the same meanings where used in these Conditions unless 
the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of 
inconsistency between any such document and the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final 
Terms will prevail. In addition, in these Conditions the following expressions have the following 
meanings: 
"Accrual Period" has the meaning given in Condition 7.2 (Determination of Periodic Distribution 
Amount); 
"Agency" means any political sub-division, regional or municipal government, ministry, 
department, authority or statutory corporation of the Government (whether or not autonomous) and 
any corporation or other entity which is directly or indirectly controlled or (as to 50 per cent. or 
more of its issued share capital or the equivalent thereof) owned by the Government; 
"Aggregation Agent" shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 19(a) (Appointment); 
"Business Day" means a day which is: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) and settle 
payments in the Specified Currency in the Additional Business Centre(s) or, if no 
Specified Currency is indicated, generally in each Additional Business Centre specified in 
the applicable Final Terms; and 
(b) 
either: (i) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (if other 
than the Additional Business Centre); or (ii) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a 
TARGET Settlement Day; 
"Calculation Agent" shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 18(g) (Claims Valuation);  
"Cancellation Date" means the date on which Trust Certificates are to be cancelled as specified 
in the Cancellation Notice; 
"Cancellation Notice" means a notice substantially in the form set out in Schedule 2 to the Sale 
and Substitution Undertaking; 
"Cancelled Lease Asset(s)" means the assets to be sold by the Trustee (in its capacity as seller) to 
the Government (in its capacity as purchaser) in accordance with the Sale and Substitution 
Undertaking following the delivery of, and as specified in, an applicable Cancellation Notice; 
"Certificateholder Put Right" means the right exercisable by the Trustee at the request of 
Certificateholder pursuant to Condition 10.5 (Dissolution at the Option of the Certificateholders 
(Certificateholder Put Right)); 
"Certificateholder Put Right Date" means the date on which the relevant Trust Certificates are 
to be redeemed in accordance with Condition 10.5 (Dissolution at the Option of the 
Certificateholders (Certificateholder Put Right)), as specified in the relevant Exercise Notice, 
provided that such date is a Periodic Distribution Date, unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Certificateholder Put Right Exercise Price" has the meaning given to it in the Purchase 
Undertaking; 
"Clean Up Call Right Dissolution Amount" has the meaning given to it in Condition 10.7 
(Dissolution at the Option of the Government (Clean Up Call Right));

--- Page 132 ---
- 115 - 
 
 
"Clean Up Call Right" means the right exercisable by the Trustee at the request of the Government 
pursuant to Condition 10.7 (Dissolution at the Option of the Government (Clean Up Call Right)); 
"Clean Up Call Right Dissolution Date" has the meaning given to it in Condition 10.7 
(Dissolution at the Option of the Government (Clean Up Call Right)); 
"Clearstream, Luxembourg" means Clearstream Banking S.A.; 
"Day Count Fraction" has the meaning given to it in Condition 7.2 (Determination of Periodic 
Distribution Amount); 
"Deferred Sale Price" has the meaning given to it in the Master Murabaha Agreement; 
"Determination Period" has the meaning given in Condition 7.2 (Determination of Periodic 
Distribution Amount); 
"Dispute" has the meaning given in Condition 25.2 (Arbitration); 
"Dissolution Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Dissolution Amount, the Dissolution 
Event Amount, the Tax Dissolution Amount, the Optional Dissolution Amount (Call), the Total 
Loss Dissolution Amount, the Optional Dissolution Amount (Put), the Tangibility Event 
Dissolution Amount, the Clean Up Call Right Dissolution Amount, which shall, unless otherwise 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, in each case, be equal to the sum of: 
(a) 
the outstanding face amount of the relevant Trust Certificates; and 
(b) 
any due and unpaid Periodic Distribution Amounts of such Trust Certificates; or 
(c) 
such other amount in the nature of a redemption amount as may be specified in, or 
determined in accordance with the provisions of, the applicable Final Terms (and any other 
amount payable following a Total Loss Event pursuant to the Servicing Agency 
Agreement); 
"Dissolution Date" means, as the case may be, (a) the Scheduled Dissolution Date, (b) the Tax 
Dissolution Date, (c) the Dissolution Event Redemption Date, (d) the Optional Dissolution Date, 
(e) the Total Loss Dissolution Date, (f) the Certificateholder Put Right Date, (g) the Tangibility 
Event Put Right Date and (h) the Clean Up Call Right Dissolution Date; 
"Dissolution Event" has the meaning given to it in Condition 14 (Dissolution Events); 
"Dissolution Event Amount" has the meaning given to it in Condition 10.8 (Dissolution following 
a Dissolution Event); 
"Dissolution Event Redemption Date" has the meaning given to it in Condition 14 (Dissolution 
Events); 
"Dissolution Notice" has the meaning given to it in Condition 14 (Dissolution Events); 
"DTC" means The Depository Trust Company; 
"Euroclear" means Euroclear Bank SA/NV; 
"Exercise Notice" means a notice substantially in the form set out in Schedule 1 to the Sale and 
Substitution Undertaking or the Purchase Undertaking, as applicable; 
"Exercise Price" has the meaning given to it in the Sale and Substitution Undertaking or the 
Purchase Undertaking, as applicable; 
"Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning given in Condition 18(a)(vii) (Convening Meetings 
of Certificateholders; Conduct of Meetings of Certificateholders; Written Resolutions); 
"Final Dissolution Amount" shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 10.1 (Scheduled 
Dissolution);

--- Page 133 ---
- 116 - 
 
 
"Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness for or in respect of: 
(a) 
moneys borrowed; 
(b) 
any amount drawn on any acceptance credit facility; 
(c) 
any amount raised pursuant to any note purchase facility or the issue of bonds, notes, trust 
certificates, debentures, loan stock or any similar instrument; 
(d) 
the amount of any liability in respect of any lease or hire purchase contract which would 
be treated as a finance or capital lease in accordance with the accounting standards, 
policies and procedures published from time to time by the International Accounting 
Standards Committee or any successor; 
(e) 
receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to the extent they are sold on a 
non-recourse basis); 
(f) 
any amount raised under any other transaction (including any Shari'a-compliant financing, 
forward sale or purchase agreement, sale and sale back or sale and leaseback agreement) 
having the commercial effect of either a borrowing or a drawing under a credit facility; 
(g) 
to the extent not otherwise included in this definition, the amount of any liability in respect 
of any repurchase or put option arrangement entered into in connection with any 
Securitisation; 
(h) 
any counter indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, indemnity, bond, standby or 
documentary letter of credit or any other instrument issued by a bank or financial 
institution; and 
(i) 
the amount of any liability in respect of any guarantee or indemnity for any of the items 
referred to in paragraphs (a) to (h) (inclusive) above; 
"Full Reinstatement Value" has the meaning given to it in the Servicing Agency Agreement; 
"Global Trust Certificate" means an Unrestricted Global Trust Certificate and/or a Restricted 
Global Trust Certificate, as the context may require; 
"Government Event" has the meaning given to it in Condition 14 (Dissolution Events); 
"Ijara Percentage" means the percentage specified hereon which, except when Trust Certificates 
are issued pursuant to Condition 23 (Further Issues), shall be no less than 55 per cent.; 
"Insurances" means the insurances in respect of the Lease Asset(s), as provided for in the 
Servicing Agency Agreement; 
"LCIA" means the London Court of International Arbitration; 
"Lease" has the meaning given to it in the Lease Agreement; 
"Lease Asset(s)" has the meaning given to it in the Lease Agreement; 
"Liability" means any loss, damage, cost, fee, charge, claim, demand, expense, judgment, action, 
proceeding or other liability whatsoever (including, without limitation, in respect of taxes, duties, 
levies, imposts and other charges) and including any value added tax or similar tax charged or 
chargeable in respect thereof and legal or other fees and expenses on a full indemnity basis; 
"Loss Shortfall Amount" has the meaning given to it in the Servicing Agency Agreement;  
"Members" has the meaning given to it in Condition 20(d) (Certification); 
"Multiple Series Single Limb Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning given in Condition 
18(c)(ii) (Multiple Series Aggregation – Single limb voting);

--- Page 134 ---
- 117 - 
 
 
"Multiple Series Single Limb Written Resolution" has the meaning given in Condition 18(c)(iii) 
(Multiple Series Aggregation – Single limb voting); 
"Multiple Series Two Limb Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning given in Condition 
18(c)(ii) (Multiple Series Aggregation – Single limb voting); 
"Multiple Series Two Limb Written Resolution" has the meaning given in Condition 18(c)(iii) 
(Multiple Series Aggregation – Single limb voting); 
"Murabaha Percentage" means the percentage specified hereon which, except when Trust 
Certificates are issued pursuant to Condition 23 (Further Issues), shall be no more than 45 per 
cent.; 
"nominee" shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 2.1 (Form and Denomination); 
"Optional Dissolution Amount (Call)" has the meaning given to it in Condition 10.3 (Dissolution 
at the Option of the Government (Optional Dissolution Call Right)); 
"Optional Dissolution Amount (Put)" has the meaning given to it in Condition 10.5 (Dissolution 
at the Option of the Certificateholders (Certificateholder Put Right)); 
"Optional Dissolution Call Right" means the right exercisable by the Trustee at the request of the 
Government pursuant to Condition 10.3 (Dissolution at the Option of the Government (Optional 
Dissolution Call Right)); 
"Optional Dissolution Date" means the date on which Trust Certificates are to be redeemed in 
accordance with Condition 10.3 (Dissolution at the Option of the Government (Optional 
Dissolution Call Right)), as specified in the relevant Exercise Notice; 
"Partial Loss Dissolution Event" means, in relation to any Series, the termination of the Lease on 
the 61st day after the Partial Loss Event Date as a result of either: (a) the delivery by the 
Government of a Partial Loss Termination Notice to the Trustee within 30 days after the Partial 
Loss Event Date in accordance with the terms of the Lease Agreement; or (b) the failure by the 
Government to replace the Lease Assets within 60 days after the Partial Loss Event Date in 
accordance with the terms of the Servicing Agency Agreement; 
"Partial Loss Event" means the partial impairment of one or more Lease Assets in a manner that 
substantially deprives the Lessee from the benefits expected from the whole of the Lease Assets, 
as determined by the Lessee and the occurrence of which (a) has been certified in writing by a 
recognised independent industry expert; (b) has not arisen as a result of the Lessee's negligence or 
misconduct; and (c) does not constitute a Total Loss Event. 
"Partial Loss Event Date" has the meaning given to it in the Lease Agreement; 
"Partial Loss Termination Notice" has the meaning given to it in the Lease Agreement; 
"Payment Business Day" means: 
(a) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of surrender (as required) of the definitive Trust 
Certificate are open for payment of registered securities and for dealings in foreign 
currencies; and 
(b) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account: 
(i) 
if the currency of payment is euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which 
dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional 
Financial Centre; or 
(ii) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is a day on which dealings 
in foreign currencies may be carried on in the principal financial centre of the 
currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre;

--- Page 135 ---
- 118 - 
 
 
"Periodic Distribution Amount" means, in relation to a Trust Certificate and a Return 
Accumulation Period, the amount of profit payable in respect of that Trust Certificate for that 
Return Accumulation Period which amount may be a Fixed Amount, a Broken Amount or an 
amount otherwise calculated in accordance with Condition 7 (Fixed Periodic Distribution 
Provisions) (as the case may be); 
"Periodic Distribution Date" means the first Periodic Distribution Date and any other date or 
dates specified as such in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Permitted Security Interest" means: 
(a) 
any Security Interest upon property or assets incurred for the purpose of financing the 
acquisition or construction, improvement or repair of such property or asset or any renewal 
or extension of any such Security Interest, which is limited to the original property or asset 
covered thereby and which secures any renewal or extension of the original secured 
financing; 
(b) 
any Security Interest existing on any property or asset at the time of its acquisition and 
any renewal or extension of any such Security Interest which is limited to the original 
property or asset covered thereby and which secures any renewal or extension of the 
original secured financing; 
(c) 
any Security Interest in existence on 1 July 2024; 
(d) 
any Security Interest arising in the ordinary course of banking transactions and securing 
the Relevant Indebtedness of the Government maturing not more than one year after the 
date on which it is originally incurred; 
(e) 
any Security Interest arising by operation of law or which arose pursuant to any order of 
attachment, distraint or similar legal process arising in connection with court proceedings 
so long as the execution or other enforcement thereof is effectively stayed and the claims 
secured thereby are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings; 
(f) 
(f)any Security Interest incurred for the purpose of financing all or part of the costs of the 
acquisition, construction, development, improvement, repair or expansion of any project 
(including costs such as escalation, interest during construction and financing and 
refinancing costs); provided that the property over which such Security Interest is granted 
consists solely of the property, assets or revenues of such project (including, without 
limitation, royalties and other similar payments accruing to the Emirate of Sharjah 
generated by the relevant project); and 
(g) 
any Security Interest arising in connection with the incurrence of Relevant Indebtedness 
as part of a Securitisation or any renewal or extension thereof; 
"Person" means any individual, corporation, partnership, joint venture, association, joint stock 
company, trust, unincorporated organisation, limited liability company or government or agency, 
or political subdivision thereof, or other entity; 
"Potential Dissolution Event" means any event which, with the giving of notice, lapse of time, 
determination of materiality or fulfilment of any other applicable condition (or any combination of 
the foregoing), would constitute a Dissolution Event; 
"Profit Amount" has the meaning given to it in the Master Murabaha Agreement; 
"Instalment Amount" has the meaning given to it in the Master Murabaha Agreement; 
"Rate" means the rate or rates specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Record Date" (a) means: (i) in respect of a Global Trust Certificate, at the close of the business 
day (being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are open for 
business) before the relevant Periodic Distribution Date or the relevant Dissolution Date, as the 
case may be; and (ii) in respect of Trust Certificates in definitive form, the date falling on the

--- Page 136 ---
- 119 - 
 
 
seventh day before the relevant Periodic Distribution Date or the Dissolution Date, as the case may 
be, and (b) in the case of meetings of Certificateholders (as provided in Condition 18 (Meetings of 
Certificateholders; Written Resolutions)), has the meaning given to it in Condition 18(a)(vi) 
(Convening Meetings of Certificateholders; Conduct of Meetings of Certificateholders; Written 
Resolutions); 
"Register" has the meaning given in Condition 2.2 (Register); 
"Regulation S" means Regulation S under the Securities Act; 
"Relevant Date" means, in relation to any payment, the date on which the payment in question 
first becomes due or if the full amount payable has not been received in the principal financial 
centre of the currency of payment by the Principal Paying Agent on or prior to such due date, the 
date on which the full amount has been so received or (if earlier) the date seven days after that on 
which notice is duly given to Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) that, 
upon further presentation or surrender, as applicable, of the Trust Certificate being made in 
accordance with these Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact 
made upon such presentation or surrender, as applicable; 
"Relevant Indebtedness" means, in relation to any Person, any indebtedness of such Person which 
is in the form of or represented by any bond (including Shari'a-compliant certificates), note, loan 
stock, debenture or similar instrument which is, or is intended to be, or is capable of being, listed, 
traded or dealt in on any stock exchange or over the counter market; 
"Relevant Jurisdiction" means the Cayman Islands, the Emirate of Sharjah, the UAE or any 
political subdivision or authority thereof or therein having the power to tax; 
"Relevant Sukuk Obligation" means any undertaking or other obligation to pay any money given 
in connection with the issue of trust certificates whether or not in return for consideration of any 
kind where the trust certificates concerned are, or are intended to be, or are capable of being, listed, 
traded or dealt in on any stock exchange or over the counter market; 
"Rentals" has the meaning given to it in the relevant Supplemental Lease Agreement; 
"Required Amount" has the meaning given to it in the Servicing Agency Agreement; 
"Reserved Matter" has the meaning given in Condition 18(e) (Reserved Matters); 
"Restricted Global Trust Certificate" has the meaning given to it in the Master Declaration of 
Trust; 
"Return Accumulation Commencement Date" means the Issue Date or such other date as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Return Accumulation Period" means the period from (and including) a Periodic Distribution 
Date (or the Return Accumulation Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) 
Periodic Distribution Date; 
"Rules" has the meaning given in Condition 25.2 (Arbitration); 
"Scheduled Dissolution Date" means the date on which Trust Certificates are to be redeemed in 
accordance with Condition 10.1 (Scheduled Dissolution); 
"Securities Act" means the United States Securities Act of 1933; 
"Securities Capable of Aggregation" has the meaning given in Condition 18(a)(x) (Convening 
Meetings of Certificateholders; Conduct of Meetings of Certificateholders; Written Resolutions); 
"Securitisation" means any securitisation (Shari'a-compliant or otherwise) of existing or future 
assets and/or revenues, provided that: (a) any Security Interest given by the Government in 
connection therewith is limited solely to the assets and/or revenues which are the subject of the 
securitisation; (b) each person participating in such securitisation expressly agrees to limit its 
recourse to the assets and/or revenues so securitised as the principal source of repayment for the

--- Page 137 ---
- 120 - 
 
 
money advanced or payment of any other liability; and (c) there is no other recourse to the 
Government in respect of any default by any person under the securitisation; 
"Security Interest" means any mortgage, pledge, security interest, encumbrance, lien or charge of 
any kind; 
"Service Charge Amounts" has the meaning given to it in the Servicing Agency Agreement; 
"Single Series Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning given in Condition 18(b)(ii) 
(Modification of this Series of Trust Certificates only); 
"Single Series Written Resolution" has the meaning given in Condition 18(b)(iii) (Modification 
of this Series of Trust Certificates only); 
"Specified Currency" means the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if 
none is specified, the currency in which the Trust Certificates are denominated; 
"Stock Exchange" means, in relation to the Trust Certificates, the stock exchange or exchanges (if 
any) on which the Trust Certificates are for the time being quoted or listed; 
"T2" means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem or any successor 
system; 
"Tangibility Event Certificateholder Put Right" means the right exercisable by a 
Certificateholder pursuant to Condition 10.6 (Dissolution at the Option of the Certificateholders 
(Tangibility Event Certificateholder Put Right)); 
"Tangibility Event Certificateholder Put Right Exercise Price" has the meaning given to it in 
the Purchase Undertaking; 
"Tangibility Event Dissolution Amount" has the meaning given to it in Condition 10.6 
(Dissolution at the Option of the Certificateholders (Tangibility Event Certificateholder Put 
Right)); 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which T2 is open for the settlement of payments 
in euro; 
"Taxes" means any present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, fees, assessments or other 
charges of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Relevant Jurisdiction; 
"Tax Dissolution Amount" has the meaning given to it in Condition 10.2 (Early Dissolution for 
Tax Reasons); 
"Tax Dissolution Date" has the meaning given to it in Condition 10.2 (Early Dissolution for Tax 
Reasons); 
"Tax Event" has the meaning given to it in Condition 10.2 (Early Dissolution for Tax Reasons); 
"Total Loss Dissolution Amount" has the meaning given to it in Condition 10.4 (Dissolution 
following a Total Loss Event); 
"Total Loss Dissolution Date" has the meaning given to it in Condition 10.4 (Dissolution 
following a Total Loss Event); 
"Total Loss Event" has the meaning given to it in Condition 10.4 (Dissolution following a Total 
Loss Event); 
"Transaction Account" means the non-interest bearing account in the Trustee's name maintained 
with the Principal Paying Agent, details of which are specified in the applicable Final Terms and 
which shall be held in the United Kingdom; 
"Trust Assets" means the assets, rights and/or cash described in Condition 5.1 (Trust Assets);

--- Page 138 ---
- 121 - 
 
 
"Uniformly Applicable" has the meaning given in Condition 18(c)(v) (Multiple Series 
Aggregation – Single limb voting); 
"Unrestricted Global Trust Certificate" has the meaning given to it in the Master Declaration of 
Trust; and 
"Written Resolution" has the meaning given in Condition 18(a)(viii) (Convening Meetings of 
Certificateholders; Conduct of Meetings of Certificateholders; Written Resolutions). 
1.2 
Interpretation 
In these Conditions: 
(a) 
any reference to face amount shall be deemed to include any Dissolution Amount and any 
other amount in the nature of face amounts payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(b) 
any reference to Periodic Distribution Amounts shall be deemed to include any additional 
amounts in respect of profit distributions which may be payable under Conditions 10 
(Capital Distributions of Trust) and 12 (Taxation) and any other amount in the nature of 
a profit distribution payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(c) 
references to Trust Certificates being "outstanding" shall be construed in accordance with 
the Master Declaration of Trust; and 
(d) 
any reference to a Transaction Document shall be construed as a reference to that 
Transaction Document as amended and/or supplemented up to and including the Issue 
Date. 
2. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
2.1 
Form and Denomination 
The Trust Certificates are issued in registered form in the Specified Denominations and, in the case 
of Trust Certificates in definitive form, are serially numbered. 
Upon issue, the Trust Certificates will be represented by a Global Trust Certificate which will be 
deposited with, and registered in the name of, a nominee for DTC and/or a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
For so long as any of the Trust Certificates are represented by a Global Trust Certificate held on 
behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, each Person (other than Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular face amount of such Trust Certificates (in 
which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
as to the face amount of such Trust Certificates standing to the account of any Person shall be 
conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error or proven error) shall be 
treated by the Trustee, the Delegate, the Government and the Agents as the holder of such face 
amount of such Trust Certificates for all purposes other than with respect to payment in respect of 
such Trust Certificates, for which purpose the registered holder (the "nominee") of the Global 
Trust Certificate shall be treated by the Trustee, the Delegate, the Government and any Agent as 
the holder of such face amount of such Trust Certificates in accordance with and subject to the 
terms of the relevant Global Trust Certificate, and the expressions "Certificateholder" and 
"holder" in relation to any Trust Certificates and related expressions shall be construed 
accordingly. Each Certificateholder must look solely to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
for its share of each payment made to the nominee. 
For so long as the DTC or its nominee is the registered owner or holder of a Global Trust 
Certificate, DTC or such nominee, as the case may be, will be considered the sole owner or holder 
of the Trust Certificates represented by such Global Trust Certificate for all purposes under the 
Master Declaration of Trust and the Agency Agreement and the Trust Certificates except to the 
extent that in accordance with DTC's published rules and procedures any ownership rights may be 
exercised by its participants or beneficial owners through participants.

--- Page 139 ---
- 122 - 
 
 
Trust Certificates which are represented by a Global Trust Certificate will be transferable only in 
accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and DTC, as applicable. 
References to DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so 
permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified 
in Part B of the applicable Final Terms. 
2.2 
Register 
Each Registrar will maintain a register (the "Register") of Certificateholders in respect of Trust 
Certificates in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement. In the case of Trust 
Certificates in definitive form, a definitive Trust Certificate will be issued to each Certificateholder 
in respect of its registered holding of Trust Certificates. 
2.3 
Title 
The Trustee, the Delegate, the Government and the Agents may (to the fullest extent permitted by 
applicable laws) deem and treat the Person in whose name any outstanding Trust Certificate is for 
the time being registered (as set out in the Register) as the holder of such Trust Certificate or of a 
particular face amount of the Trust Certificates for all purposes (whether or not such Trust 
Certificate or face amount shall be overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership thereof 
or of trust or other interest with regard thereto, and any notice of loss or theft or any writing 
thereon), and the Trustee, the Delegate, the Government and the Agents shall not be affected by 
any notice to the contrary. 
All payments made to such registered holder shall be valid and, to the extent of the sums so paid, 
effective to satisfy and discharge the liability for monies payable in respect of such Trust Certificate 
or face amount. 
3. 
Transfers of Trust Certificates 
3.1 
Transfers of beneficial interests in the Global Trust Certificate 
Transfers of beneficial interests in the Global Trust Certificate will be effected by DTC, Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg (as applicable), and, in turn, by other participants and, if appropriate, 
indirect participants in such clearing systems acting on behalf of transferors and transferees of such 
interests. An interest in the Global Trust Certificate will, subject to compliance with all applicable 
legal and regulatory restrictions, be transferable for Trust Certificates in definitive form only in the 
Specified Denomination or integral multiples thereof and only in accordance with the rules and 
operating procedures for the time being of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (as 
applicable) and in accordance with the terms and conditions specified in the Declaration of Trust 
and the Agency Agreement. 
3.2 
Transfers of interests in Unrestricted Global Trust Certificates 
Prior to expiry of the applicable distribution compliance period (as defined in Regulation S), 
transfers by the holder of, or of a beneficial interest in, an Unrestricted Global Trust Certificate to 
a transferee in the United States or who is a U.S. person will only be made: 
(a) 
upon receipt by the relevant Registrar of a written certification substantially in the form 
set out in the Agency Agreement, amended as appropriate (a "Transfer Certificate"), 
copies of which are available from the specified office of any Transfer Agent, from the 
transferor of the Trust Certificate or beneficial interest therein to the effect that such 
transfer is being made to a person whom the transferor reasonably believes is a QIB and a 
QP in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A; or 
(b) 
otherwise pursuant to the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom, subject to receipt by 
the Government of such satisfactory evidence as the Government may reasonably require, 
which may include an opinion of U.S. counsel, that such transfer is in compliance with 
any applicable securities laws of any State of the United States,

--- Page 140 ---
- 123 - 
 
 
and, in each case, in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any State of the United 
States or any other jurisdiction. 
In the case of (a) above, such transferee may take delivery through a Legended Trust Certificate in 
global or definitive form. After expiry of the applicable Distribution Compliance Period: (A) 
beneficial interests in Unrestricted Global Trust Certificates registered in the name of a nominee 
for DTC may be held through DTC directly, by a participant in DTC, or indirectly through a 
participant in DTC; and (B) such certification requirements will no longer apply to such transfers. 
3.3 
Transfers of interests in Legended Trust Certificates 
Transfers of Legended Trust Certificates or beneficial interests therein may be made: 
(a) 
to a transferee who takes delivery of such interest through an Unrestricted Global Trust 
Certificate, upon receipt by the relevant Registrar of a duly completed Transfer Certificate 
from the transferor to the effect that such transfer is being made in accordance with 
Regulation S and that in the case of an Unrestricted Global Trust Certificate registered in 
the name of a nominee for DTC, if such transfer is being made prior to expiry of the 
applicable Distribution Compliance Period, the interests in the Trust Certificates being 
transferred will be held immediately thereafter through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg; or 
(b) 
to a transferee who takes delivery of such interest through a Legended Trust Certificate 
where the transferee is a person whom the transferor reasonably believes is a QIB who is 
also a QP in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A, without certification; 
or 
(c) 
otherwise pursuant to the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom, subject to receipt by 
the Government of such satisfactory evidence as the Government may reasonably require, 
which may include an opinion of U.S. counsel, that such transfer is in compliance with 
any applicable securities laws of any State of the United States, 
and, in each case, in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any State of the United 
States or any other jurisdiction. 
Upon the transfer, exchange or replacement of Legended Trust Certificates, or upon specific 
request for removal of the Legend, the relevant Registrar shall deliver only Legended Trust 
Certificates or refuse to remove the Legend, as the case may be, unless there is delivered to the 
Government such satisfactory evidence as may reasonably be required by the Government, which 
may include an opinion of U.S. counsel, that neither the Legend nor the restrictions on transfer set 
forth therein are required to ensure compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act. 
3.4 
Exchanges and transfers of Trust Certificates generally 
Holders of interests in a Global Trust Certificate may exchange such interests for Trust Certificates 
in definitive form of the same type upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event (as defined in the 
Global Trust Certificate). 
3.5 
Definitions 
In this Condition, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
"Investment Company Act" means the United States Investment Company Act of 1940, as 
amended; 
"Legended Trust Certificate" means Trust Certificates (whether in definitive form or represented 
by a Global Trust Certificate) sold in private transactions to QIBs that are also QPs in accordance 
with the requirements of Rule 144A which bear a legend specifying certain restrictions on transfer 
(a "Legend"); 
"QIB" means a "qualified institutional buyer" within the meaning of Rule 144A;

--- Page 141 ---
- 124 - 
 
 
"QP" means a "qualified purchaser" as defined in Section 2(a)(51) of the Investment Company 
Act 
"Regulation S" means Regulation S under the Securities Act; 
"Unrestricted Global Trust Certificate" means a Global Trust Certificate representing Trust 
Certificates sold outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S; 
"Rule 144A" means Rule 144A under the Securities Act; and 
"Restricted Global Trust Certificate" means a Global Trust Certificate representing Trust 
Certificates sold in the United States or to QIBs that are also QPs. 
3.6 
Transfers of Trust Certificates in Definitive Form 
(a) 
Transfer 
Subject to this Condition 3.2 and Conditions 3.7 (Closed Periods) and 3.8 (Formalites 
Free of Charge), a definitive Trust Certificate may be transferred in whole or in an amount 
equal to the Specified Denomination or any integral multiple thereof by depositing the 
definitive Trust Certificate, with the form of transfer on the back duly completed and 
signed, at the specified office of the relevant Registrar. 
(b) 
Delivery of new definitive Trust Certificates 
Each new definitive Trust Certificate to be issued upon transfer of definitive Trust 
Certificates will, within five business days of receipt by the Registrar of the duly 
completed form of transfer endorsed on the relevant definitive Trust Certificate, be mailed 
by uninsured mail at the risk of the holder entitled to the definitive Trust Certificate to the 
address specified in the form of transfer. For the purposes of this Condition, "business 
day" shall mean a day on which banks are open for business in the city in which the 
specified office of the relevant Registrar is located. 
Where some but not all of the Trust Certificates in respect of which a definitive Trust 
Certificate is issued are to be transferred, a new definitive Trust Certificate in respect of 
the Trust Certificates not so transferred will, within five business days of receipt by the 
relevant Registrar of the original definitive Trust Certificate, be mailed by uninsured mail 
at the risk of the holder of the Trust Certificates not so transferred to the address of such 
holder appearing on the Register or as specified in the form of transfer. 
(c) 
Regulations 
All transfers of definitive Trust Certificates and entries on the Register will be made 
subject to the detailed regulations concerning the transfer of Trust Certificates scheduled 
to the Master Declaration of Trust. A copy of the current regulations will be mailed (free 
of charge) by the relevant Registrar to any Certificateholder who requests one. 
Notwithstanding the above, the Trustee may from time to time agree with the relevant 
Registrar reasonable regulations to govern the transfer and registration of definitive Trust 
Certificates. 
3.7 
Closed periods 
No Certificateholder may require the transfer of a definitive Trust Certificate to be registered 
during the period of 15 days ending on a Periodic Distribution Date or a Dissolution Date or any 
other date on which any payment of the face amount or payment of any profit in respect of a Trust 
Certificate falls due. 
3.8 
Formalities free of charge 
Transfers of Trust Certificates on registration or exercise of an early dissolution right will be 
effected without charge by or on behalf of the Trustee, the relevant Registrar or the Transfer Agent, 
but upon payment (or the giving of such indemnity as the Trustee, the relevant Registrar and/or the

--- Page 142 ---
- 125 - 
 
 
Transfer Agent may reasonably require) in respect of any tax or other governmental charges which 
may be imposed in relation to such transfer. 
3.9 
Regulations 
All transfers of definitive Trust Certificates and entries on the Register will be made subject to the 
detailed regulations concerning the transfer of Trust Certificates scheduled to the Master 
Declaration of Trust. A copy of the current regulations will be mailed (free of charge) by the 
relevant Registrar to any Certificateholder who requests one. Notwithstanding the above, the 
Trustee may from time to time agree with the relevant Registrar reasonable regulations to govern 
the transfer and registration of definitive Trust Certificates. 
4. 
Status and Limited Recourse 
4.1 
Status 
Each Trust Certificate evidences an undivided ownership interest in the Trust Assets subject to the 
terms of the Declaration of Trust and these Conditions, and is a direct, unsubordinated, unsecured 
and limited recourse obligation of the Trustee. Each Trust Certificate ranks pari passu, without any 
preference or priority, with the other Trust Certificates. 
The payment obligations of the Government (in any capacity) to the Trustee under the Transaction 
Documents to which it is a party in respect of each Series of Trust Certificates are and will be 
direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the negative pledge provisions described in 
the Purchase Undertaking) unsecured obligations of the Government and (save for such exceptions 
as may be provided by applicable legislation and subject to the negative pledge provisions 
described in the Purchase Undertaking) at all times rank at least pari passu with all other present 
and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Government from time to time 
outstanding, provided, further, that the Government shall have no obligation to effect equal or 
rateable payment(s) at any time with respect to any such other obligations and, in particular, shall 
have no obligation to pay such other obligations at the same time or as a condition of paying sums 
due under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party and vice versa. 
4.2 
Negative Pledge 
The Government has agreed in the Purchase Undertaking that for so long as any Trust Certificate 
remains outstanding, it will not create or permit to subsist any Security Interest, other than a 
Permitted Security Interest, upon the whole or any part of its present or future assets or revenues 
to secure any Relevant Indebtedness or Relevant Sukuk Obligation, or any guarantee or indemnity 
in respect of Relevant Indebtedness or a Relevant Sukuk Obligation, of any Person, without: 
(a) 
at the same time or prior thereto securing equally and rateably therewith its obligations 
under the Transaction Documents to which it is, in whatever capacity, a party; or 
(b) 
providing such other Security Interest for the obligations of the Government under the 
Transaction Documents to which it is a party as may be approved by an Extraordinary 
Resolution of the Certificateholders. 
4.3 
Limited Recourse 
The proceeds of the Trust Assets are the sole source of payments on the Trust Certificates. Save as 
provided in the next sentence, the Trust Certificates do not represent an interest in or obligation of 
any of the Trustee, the Government, the Delegate, the Agents or any of their respective affiliates. 
Accordingly, Certificateholders, by subscribing for or acquiring the Trust Certificates, 
acknowledge that: 
(a) 
they will not have recourse to any assets of the Trustee, the Delegate, the Agents, or any 
of their respective affiliates in respect of any shortfall in the expected amounts from the 
Trust Assets to the extent the Trust Assets have been exhausted following which all 
obligations of the Trustee shall be extinguished; and 
(b) 
any recourse to the assets of the Government shall be limited to the Trust Assets, which 
include obligations of the Government under the Transaction Documents.

--- Page 143 ---
- 126 - 
 
 
The Government is obliged to make certain payments under the Transaction Documents directly 
to the Trustee (for and on behalf of the Certificateholders), and the Delegate (for and on behalf of 
the Trustee) will have direct recourse against the Government to recover such payments. 
The net proceeds of realisation of, or enforcement with respect to, the Trust Assets may not be 
sufficient to make all payments due in respect of the Trust Certificates. If, following the distribution 
of such proceeds, there remains a shortfall in payments due under the Trust Certificates, subject to 
Condition 15 (Enforcement and Exercise of Rights), no holder of Trust Certificates will have any 
claim against the Trustee, the Government (to the extent that it fulfils all of its obligations under 
the Transaction Documents), the Delegate, the Agents or any of their respective affiliates or against 
any assets (other than the Trust Assets to the extent not exhausted) in respect of such shortfall and 
any unsatisfied claims of Certificateholders shall be extinguished. In particular, no holder of Trust 
Certificates will be able to petition for, or join any other person in instituting proceedings for, the 
reorganisation, liquidation, winding-up or receivership of the Trustee, the Government (to the 
extent that it fulfils all of its obligations under the Transaction Documents), the Delegate, the 
Agents or any of their respective affiliates as a consequence of such shortfall or otherwise. 
4.4 
Agreement of Certificateholders 
By subscribing for or acquiring the Trust Certificates, each Certificateholder acknowledges and 
agrees that notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in any other Transaction 
Document: 
(a) 
no payment of any amount whatsoever shall be made by any of the Trustee, the Delegate 
(acting in the name and on behalf of the Trustee) or any of their respective agents on their 
behalf except to the extent funds are available therefor from the Trust Assets; 
(b) 
no recourse shall be had for the payment of any amount owing hereunder or under any 
relevant Transaction Document, whether for the payment of any fee, indemnity or other 
amount hereunder or any other obligation or claim arising out of or based upon the 
Transaction Documents, against the Trustee (and/or its directors, officers or 
administrators), the Government (and/or its officers) (to the extent that it fulfils all of its 
obligations under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party), the Delegate, any 
Agent or any of their respective agents or affiliates to the extent the Trust Assets have 
been exhausted following which all obligations of the Trustee, the Delegate, the 
Government, any Agents and their respective agents or affiliates shall be extinguished; 
(c) 
prior to the date which is one year and one day after the date on which all amounts owing 
by the Trustee under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party have been paid in 
full, it will not institute against, or join with any other person in instituting against, the 
Trustee any bankruptcy, reorganisation, arrangement or liquidation proceedings or other 
proceedings under any bankruptcy or similar law; 
(d) 
no recourse under any obligation, covenant or agreement contained in any Transaction 
Document shall be had against any officer, agent or director of the Trustee, by the 
enforcement of any assessment or by any proceeding, by virtue of any statute or otherwise. 
The obligations of the Trustee under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party are 
corporate or limited liability obligations of the Trustee and no personal liability shall attach 
to or be incurred by the officers, agents or directors of the Trustee save in the case of their 
wilful default or actual fraud. Reference in these Conditions to wilful default or actual 
fraud means a finding to such effect by a court of competent jurisdiction in relation to the 
conduct of the relevant party; and 
(e) 
it shall not be entitled to claim or exercise any right of set-off, counterclaim, abatement or 
other similar remedy which it might otherwise have, under the laws of any jurisdiction, in 
respect of such Trust Certificate. No collateral is or will be given for the payment 
obligations by the Trustee under the Trust Certificates.

--- Page 144 ---
- 127 - 
 
 
5. 
The Trust 
5.1 
Trust Assets 
The Trust Assets will comprise: 
(a) 
the cash proceeds of the Trust Certificates, pending application thereof in accordance with 
the terms of the Transaction Documents; 
(b) 
the rights, title and interest, present and future, of the Trustee in, to and under the Lease 
Asset(s); 
(c) 
the rights, title, interest and benefit, present and future, of the Trustee in, to and under the 
Transaction Documents (excluding: (i) any representations given by the Government to 
the Trustee and the Delegate pursuant to the Transaction Documents; and (ii) the covenant 
given to the Trustee pursuant to clause 15.1 of the Master Declaration of Trust); 
(d) 
all monies standing to the credit of the Transaction Account from time to time; and 
(e) 
all proceeds of the foregoing. 
5.2 
Application of Proceeds from the Trust Assets 
Pursuant to the Declaration of Trust, the Trustee holds the Trust Assets on trust absolutely for and 
on behalf of the Certificateholders. On each Periodic Distribution Date, or on any Dissolution Date, 
the Principal Paying Agent, notwithstanding any instructions to the contrary from the Trustee, will 
apply the monies standing to the credit of the Transaction Account in the following order of 
priority: 
(a) 
first, (to the extent not previously paid) to the Delegate in respect of all amounts owing to 
it under the Transaction Documents in its capacity as Delegate; 
(b) 
secondly, to the Principal Paying Agent for application in or towards payment pari passu 
and rateably of all Periodic Distribution Amounts due and unpaid; 
(c) 
thirdly, only if such payment is made on any Dissolution Date, to the Principal Paying 
Agent in or towards payment pari passu and rateably of the Dissolution Amount; 
(d) 
fourthly, only if such payment is made on any Dissolution Date on which all the Trust 
Certificates of the relevant Series are redeemed in full, to the Servicing Agent in or 
towards payment of all outstanding Service Charge Amounts (if any); and 
(e) 
fifthly, only if such payment is made on any Dissolution Date on which all the Trust 
Certificates of the relevant Series are redeemed in full, to the Government. 
6. 
Covenants 
6.1 
Subject to Condition 6.2 below, the Trustee covenants that, for so long as any Trust Certificate is 
outstanding, it will not (without the prior written consent of the Delegate): 
(a) 
incur any indebtedness, in respect of borrowed money whatsoever (including any Islamic 
financing), or give any guarantee or indemnity in respect of any obligation of any person 
or issue any shares (or rights, warrants or options in respect of shares or securities 
convertible into or exchangeable for shares) or any other certificates except, in all cases, 
as contemplated in the Transaction Documents; 
(b) 
save as permitted by the Transaction Documents, grant or permit to be outstanding any 
lien, pledge, charge or other security interest upon any of its present or future assets, 
properties or revenues (other than those arising by operation of law);  
(c) 
sell, lease, transfer, assign, participate, exchange or otherwise dispose of, or pledge, 
mortgage, hypothecate or otherwise encumber (by security interest, lien (statutory or 
otherwise), preference, priority or other security agreement or preferential arrangement of

--- Page 145 ---
- 128 - 
 
 
any kind or nature whatsoever or otherwise) (or permit such to occur or suffer such to 
exist), any part of its interest in any of the Trust Assets, except pursuant to the Transaction 
Documents; 
(d) 
use the proceeds of the issue of the Trust Certificates for any purpose other than as stated 
in the Transaction Documents; 
(e) 
amend or agree to any amendment of any Transaction Document to which it is a party 
(other than in accordance with the terms thereof) or its memorandum and articles of 
association and by-laws (other than in relation to any increase in the aggregate face amount 
of the Programme); 
(f) 
act as trustee in respect of any trust (other than pursuant to the Declaration of Trust); 
(g) 
have any subsidiaries or employees; 
(h) 
redeem or purchase any of its shares or pay any dividend or make any other distribution 
to its shareholders (excluding any consideration payable by the Trustee (acting in any 
capacity) to the Government (acting in any capacity) as contemplated by the Transaction 
Documents or these Conditions); 
(i) 
prior to the date which is one year and one day after the date on which all amounts owing 
by the Trustee under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party have been paid in 
full, put to its directors or shareholders any resolution for, or appoint any liquidator for, 
its winding-up, liquidation or dissolution or any resolution for the commencement of any 
other bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding with respect to it; or 
(j) 
enter into any contract, transaction, amendment, obligation or liability other than the 
Transaction Documents to which it is a party or any permitted amendment or supplement 
thereto or as expressly permitted or required thereunder or engage in any business or 
activity other than: 
(i) 
any such contract, transaction, amendment, obligation or liability in relation to its 
operations that is of a routine or administrative nature; 
(ii) 
as provided for or permitted in the Transaction Documents; 
(iii) 
the ownership, management and disposal of the Trust Assets as provided in the 
Transaction Documents; and 
(iv) 
such other matters which are incidental thereto. 
6.2 
Nothing in sub-paragraph (a) of Condition 6.1 above, shall prevent the Trustee from issuing (or 
entering into any transaction for the purpose of issuing or entering into any contract in relation 
thereto or performing any of its obligations thereunder) any sukuk, certificates or other securities 
intended to be issued in compliance with the principles of Shari'a provided that: (a) such securities 
are, or are intended to be quoted, listed or dealt in or traded on any stock exchange or over-the-
counter or other securities market; (b) in respect of such securities, the obligations of the 
Government to the Trustee shall rank at least pari passu with the obligations of the Government to 
the Trustee in respect of the Trust Certificates; and (c) the obligations of the Trustee in respect of 
such securities shall rank pari passu with the Trust Certificates. 
7. 
Fixed Periodic Distribution Provisions 
7.1 
Periodic Distribution Amount 
Subject to Conditions 5.2 and 8, a Periodic Distribution Amount for the Trust Certificates will be 
payable in respect of the Trust Certificates and will be distributable by the Trustee to the 
Certificateholders, pro rata to their respective holdings, out of amounts transferred to the 
Transaction Account pursuant to the terms of the Servicing Agency Agreement and the other 
Transaction Documents, in accordance with these Conditions.

--- Page 146 ---
- 129 - 
 
 
7.2 
Determination of Periodic Distribution Amount 
Except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the Periodic Distribution Amount payable in 
respect of each Trust Certificate in definitive form for any Return Accumulation Period shall be 
the Fixed Amount. Payments of Periodic Distribution Amount in respect of Trust Certificates in 
definitive form on any Periodic Distribution Date may, if so specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so specified. 
Except in the case of Trust Certificates in definitive form where a Fixed Amount or Broken Amount 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Periodic Distribution Amount shall be calculated in 
respect of any period by applying the Rate applicable to the relevant Return Accumulation Period 
to: 
(a) 
in the case of Trust Certificates which are represented by a Global Trust Certificate, the 
aggregate outstanding face amount of the Trust Certificates represented by such Global 
Trust Certificate; or 
(b) 
in the case of Trust Certificates in definitive form, the Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-
unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where 
the Specified Denomination of a Trust Certificate in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation 
Amount, the Periodic Distribution Amount payable in respect of such Trust Certificate shall be the 
product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and 
the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, 
without any further rounding. 
In these Conditions: 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of a Periodic Distribution Amount in 
accordance with these Conditions: 
(a) 
if "Actual/Actual" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Return Accumulation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Return 
Accumulation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Return Accumulation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) 
the actual number of days in that portion of the Return Accumulation Period falling in a 
non-leap year divided by 365); 
(b) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Return Accumulation Period divided by 365; 
(c) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Return Accumulation Period divided by 365 or, in the case of a Periodic 
Distribution Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
(d) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Return Accumulation Period divided by 360; 
(e) 
if "30/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the Return 
Accumulation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
DayCountFraction = [360 x (𝑌2 −𝑌1) + (30 x (𝑀2 −𝑀1) + (𝐷2 −𝐷1)]
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Return Accumulation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Return Accumulation Period falls;

--- Page 147 ---
- 130 - 
 
 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Return 
Accumulation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Return Accumulation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Return Accumulation Period, 
unless such number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Return Accumulation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is 
greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(f) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
in the case of Trust Certificates where the number of days in the relevant period 
from (and including) the most recent Periodic Distribution Date (or, if none, the 
Return Accumulation Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant 
payment date (the "Accrual Period") is equal to or shorter than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual 
Period divided by the product of (A) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (B) the number of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Trust Certificates where the Accrual Period is longer than the 
Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(A) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(B) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates 
that would occur in one calendar year. 
"Determination Period" means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Return Accumulation 
Commencement Date or the final Periodic Distribution Date is not a Determination Date, the period 
commencing on the first Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date 
falling after, such date); and 
"sub-unit" means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency 
that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent. 
7.3 
Payment in Arrear 
Subject to Condition 7.4 (Cessation of Profit Entitlement), Condition 10.2 (Early Dissolution for 
Tax Reasons) to 10.5 (Dissolution at the Option of the Certificateholders (Certificateholder Put 
Right)) and Condition 14 (Dissolution Events), and unless otherwise specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, each Periodic Distribution Amount will be paid in respect of the relevant Trust 
Certificates in arrear on each Periodic Distribution Date in respect of the Return Accumulation 
Period ending immediately before that Periodic Distribution Date. 
7.4 
Cessation of Profit Entitlement 
No further amounts will be payable on any Trust Certificate from and including (a) the Dissolution 
Date (excluding a Total Loss Dissolution Date), unless default is made in the payment of the 
Dissolution Amount in which case Periodic Distribution Amounts will continue to accrue in respect 
of the Trust Certificates in the manner provided in this Condition 7.4 to the earlier of: (i) the 
Relevant Date; or (ii) the date on which a sale agreement is executed pursuant to the Sale and 
Substitution Undertaking or the Purchase Undertaking, as the case may be; and (b) the date on

--- Page 148 ---
- 131 - 
 
 
which a Total Loss Event occurs (unless the Lease Assets have been replaced pursuant to the 
Servicing Agency Agreement). 
8. 
Payment 
Payment of Dissolution Amounts and Periodic Distribution Amounts will be made by transfer to 
the registered account (as defined below) of a Certificateholder. Payments of Dissolution Amounts 
(where all of the Trust Certificates of the relevant Series are to be redeemed in full) will only be 
made against surrender of the relevant Trust Certificate (or the Certificate representing such Trust 
Certificate) at the specified office of the relevant Registrar or the Principal Paying Agent. 
Dissolution Amounts and Periodic Distribution Amounts will be paid to the Certificateholder 
shown on the Register at the close of business on the relevant Record Date. 
For the purposes of this Condition 8, a Certificateholder's "registered account" means the account 
in the Specified Currency maintained by or on behalf of such Certificateholder with a bank that 
processes payments in the Specified Currency, details of which appear on the Register at the close 
of business on the relevant Record Date. 
All such payments will be made subject to any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable 
thereto in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions described in Condition 12 
(Taxation). No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Certificateholders in respect of 
such payments. 
Payment instructions will be initiated on the Payment Business Day preceding the due date for 
payment or, in the case of a payment of face amounts (where all of the Trust Certificates of the 
relevant Series are to be redeemed in full) if later, on the Payment Business Day on which the 
relevant Trust Certificate is surrendered (where such surrender is required) at the specified office 
of the relevant Registrar or the Principal Paying Agent. 
Certificateholders will not be entitled to any payment for any delay after the due date in receiving 
the amount due if the due date is not a Payment Business Day, if the Certificateholder is late in 
surrendering its Trust Certificate (if required to do so in accordance with this Condition 8). 
All amounts payable to DTC or its nominee as registered holder of a Restricted Global Trust 
Certificate in respect of Trust Certificates denominated in a Specified Currency other than U.S. 
Dollar shall be paid by transfer by the Principal Paying Agent to an account in the relevant 
Specified Currency of the FX Agent on behalf of DTC or its nominee for conversion into and 
payment in U.S. Dollars unless the participant in DTC with an interest in the Trust Certificates 
has elected to receive any part of such payment in that Specified Currency, in the manner specified 
in the Agency Agreement and in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of 
DTC.  
If the amount of any Dissolution Amount or Periodic Distribution Amount is not paid in full when 
due, the relevant Registrar will annotate the Register with a record of the amount of such 
Dissolution Amount or Periodic Distribution Amount in fact paid. 
9. 
Agents 
9.1 
Agents of Trustee 
In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Trust Certificates, the Agents 
act solely as agents of the Trustee and (to the extent provided therein) the Delegate and do not 
assume any obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust for or with any of the 
Certificateholders. 
9.2 
Specified Offices 
The names of the initial Agents are set out above. If any additional Paying Agents are appointed 
in connection with any Series, the names of such Paying Agents will be specified in Part B of the 
Final Terms attached to or endorsed on this Trust Certificate. The Trustee reserves the right at any 
time to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and to appoint additional or other Agents 
provided, however, that:

--- Page 149 ---
- 132 - 
 
 
(a) 
there will at all times be a Principal Paying Agent; 
(b) 
there will at all times be a Registrar; and 
(c) 
so long as any Trust Certificates are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation on any 
listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system, there will at all times be a 
Paying Agent, Registrar and a Transfer Agent having its specified office in such place (if 
any) as may be required by the rules of such listing authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system; and  
(d) 
so long as any of the Global Trust Certificates payable in a Specified Currency other than 
U.S. Dollars are held through DTC or its nominee, there will at all times be a FX Agent. 
Notice of any variation, termination or appointment and of any changes in specified offices will be 
given to the Certificateholders promptly by the Trustee in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices). 
10. 
Capital Distributions of Trust 
10.1 
Scheduled Dissolution 
Unless the Trust Certificates are redeemed, purchased and/or cancelled earlier, each Trust 
Certificate shall be redeemed on the Scheduled Dissolution Date at its Final Dissolution Amount, 
including all unpaid Periodic Distribution Amounts accrued (if any) to (but excluding) the 
Scheduled Dissolution Date (the "Final Dissolution Amount"). Upon payment in full of such 
amounts, the Trust will be dissolved, the Trust Certificates shall cease to represent interests in the 
Trust Assets and no further amounts shall be payable in respect thereof and the Trustee shall have 
no further obligations in respect thereof. 
10.2 
Early Dissolution for Tax Reasons 
The Trust Certificates may be redeemed by the Trustee in whole, but not in part, on any date (such 
date, the "Tax Dissolution Date") upon giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to 
the Delegate and the Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) (which notice 
shall be irrevocable) and to the Delegate, at the Dissolution Amount (which, for the avoidance of 
doubt, shall include any accrued but unpaid Periodic Distribution Amounts) (the "Tax Dissolution 
Amount"), if a Tax Event occurs, where "Tax Event" means: 
(a) 
the determination by the Government that: (1) the Trustee has or will become obliged to 
pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 13 (Prescription) as a result 
of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Relevant Jurisdiction 
(excluding the Emirate of Sharjah) or any change in the application or official 
interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective 
on or after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the relevant Series; and (2) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Trustee taking reasonable measures available to 
it; or 
(b) 
the receipt by the Trustee of notice from the Government that: (1) the Government has or 
will become obliged to pay additional amounts pursuant to the terms of the Lease 
Agreement or the Purchase Undertaking as a result of any change in, or amendment to, 
the laws or regulations of a Relevant Jurisdiction (excluding the Emirate of Sharjah) or 
any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which 
change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement is 
reached to issue the relevant Series; and (2) such obligation cannot be avoided by the 
Government taking reasonable measures available to it, 
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given unless an Exercise Notice 
has been received by the Trustee from the Government under the Sale and Substitution Undertaking 
and no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on 
which: (i) (in the case of (a) above) the Trustee would be obliged to pay such additional amounts 
if a payment in respect of the Trust Certificates were then due; or (ii) (in the case of (b) above) the 
Government would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment to the Trustee under 
the Lease Agreement or the Purchase Undertaking (as the case may be) was then due.

--- Page 150 ---
- 133 - 
 
 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 10.2, the Trustee 
shall deliver to the Delegate: (i) a certificate signed by two directors of the Trustee (in the case of 
(a) above) or two Authorised Signatories of Sharjah Finance Department (acting on behalf of the 
Government) (in the case of (b) above) stating that the Trustee is entitled to effect such dissolution 
and redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent in (a) 
or (b) above to the right of the Trustee so to dissolve have occurred; and (ii) an opinion of 
independent legal advisers of recognised international standing to the effect that the Trustee or, as 
the case may be, the Government has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a 
result of such change or amendment. The Delegate shall be entitled to accept (without further 
investigation) any such certificate and opinion as sufficient evidence thereof without incurring any 
liability to any person in which event it shall be conclusive and binding on the Certificateholders. 
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 10.2, the Trustee shall be 
bound to redeem the Trust Certificates at the Tax Dissolution Amount and, upon payment in full 
of such amounts to the Certificateholders, the Trust will be dissolved, the Trust Certificates shall 
cease to represent undivided ownership interests in the Trust Assets and no further amounts shall 
be payable in respect thereof and the Trustee shall have no further obligations in respect thereof. 
10.3 
Dissolution at the Option of the Government (Optional Dissolution Call Right) 
If the Optional Dissolution Call Right option is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable, the Government may in its sole discretion deliver to the Trustee a duly completed 
Exercise Notice, subject to and in accordance with the provisions of the Sale and Substitution 
Undertaking and, on receipt of such notice, the Trustee shall redeem the Trust Certificates in whole 
but not in part on any Optional Dissolution Date at the relevant Optional Dissolution Amount 
(Call), including all unpaid Periodic Distribution Amounts accrued (if any) to (but excluding) the 
Optional Dissolution Date (the "Optional Dissolution Amount (Call)") on the Trustee giving not 
less than 30 days' nor more than 60 days' notice to the Delegate and the Certificateholders (or such 
other notice period as may be specified hereon) in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) (which 
notice shall be irrevocable and shall oblige the Trustee to redeem the Trust Certificates on the 
relevant Optional Dissolution Date). 
10.4 
Dissolution following a Total Loss Event 
Upon the occurrence of a Total Loss Event (as defined below), the Servicing Agent shall notify the 
Trustee and the Delegate of such occurrence. The Trustee shall, upon receipt of such notice from 
the Servicing Agent, promptly notify the Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 17 
(Notices) that: (i) such event has occurred; and (ii) from the date of such notice and until further 
notice from the Trustee to the Certificateholders (which notice shall be given upon replacement of 
the Lease Assets in accordance with the Servicing Agency Agreement), the Trust Certificates 
should be tradable only in accordance with Shari'a principles of debt trading (such as the principle 
that debt is to be traded against tangible assets and/or eligible commodities on a spot settlement 
basis). 
Following any such replacement of the Lease Assets in accordance with the Servicing Agency 
Agreement, the Servicing Agent shall notify the Trustee and the Delegate of the same and the 
Trustee shall promptly, following receipt of such notice from the Servicing Agent, deliver a notice 
to the Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) that from the date of that notice 
the Trust Certificates may be traded at any price. 
If the Lease Asset(s) is/are not replaced as provided in the Servicing Agency Agreement by no 
later than the 60th day after the occurrence of a Total Loss Event, the Trust Certificates shall be 
redeemed by the Trustee in whole, but not in part, and the Trust dissolved by no later than the close 
of business in London on the 61st day after the occurrence of the Total Loss Event (or, if such date 
is not a Payment Business Day, on the immediately following Payment Business Day) (the "Total 
Loss Dissolution Date"), following notification thereof to the Delegate and the Certificateholders 
in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices). The Trust Certificates will be redeemed at the 
Dissolution Amount (which for the avoidance of doubt, shall include any accrued but unpaid 
Periodic Distribution Amounts) (the "Total Loss Dissolution Amount") using the proceeds of: (a) 
the Insurances payable in respect of the Total Loss Event, which are required to be paid into the 
Transaction Account by no later than the 60th day after the occurrence of the Total Loss Event; and 
(b) if required, the Loss Shortfall Amount which is required to be paid into the Transaction Account

--- Page 151 ---
- 134 - 
 
 
by no later than the close of business in London on the 61st day after the occurrence of the Total 
Loss Event. 
A "Total Loss Event" is the total loss or destruction of, or damage to the whole of, the Lease 
Asset(s) or any event or occurrence that renders the whole of the Lease Asset(s) permanently unfit 
for any economic use and the repair or remedial work in respect thereof is wholly uneconomical. 
For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Delegate nor any Agent will have any responsibility for 
monitoring or ensuring compliance with any such Shari'a principles of debt trading (such as the 
principle that debt is to be traded against tangible assets and/or eligible commodities on a spot 
settlement basis) nor shall it be liable to any Certificateholder or any other persons in respect 
thereof. 
10.5 
Dissolution at the Option of the Certificateholders (Certificateholder Put Right) 
If Certificateholder Put Right is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, upon 
the holder of any Trust Certificate giving to the Trustee in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) 
(with a copy to the Delegate) not less than 15 days' nor more than 30 days' notice (or such other 
notice period as may be specified hereon), the Trustee shall, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem 
such Trust Certificate on the Certificateholder Put Right Date and at the Optional Dissolution 
Amount (Put) specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms, 
including all unpaid Periodic Distribution Amounts accrued (if any) to (but excluding) the relevant 
Certificateholder Put Right Date (the "Optional Dissolution Amount (Put)"). For the purposes 
thereof, the Trustee (or the Delegate (on behalf of the Trustee)) shall deliver to the Government a 
duly completed Exercise Notice (in the case of delivery by the Trustee, with a copy to the 
Delegate), subject to and in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase Undertaking. Trust 
Certificates may be redeemed or, as the case may be, purchased under this Condition 10.5 
(Dissolution at the Option of the Certificateholders (Certificateholder Put Right)) in any multiple 
of their lowest Specified Denomination. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of any Trust Certificate pursuant to this Condition 10.5 
(Dissolution at the Option of the Certificateholders (Certificateholder Put Right)) the holder 
thereof must, if the Trust Certificate is in definitive form and held outside DTC, Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver, at the specified office of the relevant Registrar at any time 
during normal business hours of such Registrar falling within the notice period, a duly completed 
and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) set out in the Agency 
Agreement and obtainable from any specified office of the relevant Registrar (a "Put Notice") and 
in which the holder must specify a bank account (or, if payment is required to be made by cheque, 
an address) to which payment is to be made under this Condition 10.5 (Dissolution at the Option 
of the Certificateholders (Certificateholder Put Right)) and the aggregate face amount of such 
Trust Certificates to be redeemed and, if less than the full aggregate face amount of the Trust 
Certificates in definitive form so surrendered is to be redeemed, an address to which a new Trust 
Certificate in definitive form in respect of the balance of such Trust Certificates in definitive form 
is to be sent subject to and in accordance with the provisions of Condition 3 (Transfers of Trust 
Certificates). 
If the relevant Trust Certificate is represented by a Global Trust Certificate and held through DTC, 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (as applicable), to exercise the right to require 
redemption thereof the holder of such Trust Certificate must, within the notice period, give notice 
to the Principal Paying Agent of such exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of DTC, 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (as applicable) (which may include notice being given 
on such Certificateholder's instruction by DTC, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (as 
applicable) or any depositary or custodian (as applicable) for them to the Principal Paying Agent 
by electronic means) in a form acceptable to DTC, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (as 
appliable) from time to time and at the same time present or procure the presentation of the relevant 
Global Trust Certificate to the Principal Paying Agent for notation accordingly. 
No Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of DTC, Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (as applicable) given by a holder of any Trust Certificate pursuant 
to this Condition 10.5 (Dissolution at the Option of the Certificateholders (Certificateholder Put 
Right)) may be withdrawn without the prior consent of the Trustee except where, prior to the due 
date of redemption, a Dissolution Event has occurred and the Delegate has declared the Trust

--- Page 152 ---
- 135 - 
 
 
Certificates are to be redeemed pursuant to Condition 14 (Dissolution Events), in which event such 
holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Trustee to withdraw the notice given pursuant to 
this Condition 10.5 (Dissolution at the Option of the Certificateholders (Certificateholder Put 
Right)). 
10.6 
Dissolution at the Option of the Certificateholders (Tangibility Event Certificateholder Put Right) 
If a Tangibility Event occurs, upon receipt of a Tangibility Event Trustee Notice from the 
Government in accordance with the Servicing Agency Agreement, the Trustee shall promptly give 
notice to the Certificateholders (a "Tangibility Event Notice") in accordance with Condition 17 
(Notices) specifying: 
(a) 
that a Tangibility Event has occurred, together with an explanation of the reasons for, and 
evidence of, such occurrence; 
(b) 
that as determined in consultation with the Shari'a Adviser, the Trust Certificates should 
be tradable only in accordance with the Shari'a principles of debt trading (such as the 
principle that debt is to be traded against tangible assets and/or eligible commodities on a 
spot settlement basis);  
(c) 
that on the date falling 15 days following the Tangibility Event Put Right Date, the Trust 
Certificates will be delisted from any stock exchange (if any) on which the Trust 
Certificates have been admitted to listing or, if such date is not a business day, the next 
following business day ("business day" being, for this purpose, a day on which the stock 
exchange on which the Trust Certificates are admitted to listing is open for business); and 
(d) 
the Tangibility Event Put Period, during which period any Certificateholder shall have the 
option to require the redemption of all or any of its Trust Certificates.  
Upon receipt of the Tangibility Event Notice, the Holder of any Trust Certificates may exercise its 
option within the Tangibility Event Put Period to require the redemption of all or any of its Trust 
Certificates. 
If any Certificateholder exercises its option to redeem its Trust Certificates in accordance with this 
Condition 10.6 (Dissolution at the Option of the Certificateholders (Tangibility Event 
Certificateholder Put Right)), the Trustee shall redeem such Trust Certificates on the Tangibility 
Event Put Right Date at the Dissolution Amount (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall include 
any accrued but unpaid Periodic Distribution Amounts) (the "Tangibility Event Dissolution 
Amount").  
To exercise the right to require redemption of any Trust Certificate pursuant to this Condition 10.6 
(Dissolution at the Option of the Certificateholders (Tangibility Event Certificateholder Put 
Right)) the holder thereof must, if the Trust Certificate is in definitive form and held outside DTC, 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver, at the specified office of the relevant Registrar 
at any time during normal business hours of such Registrar falling within the notice period, a duly 
completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) set out in the 
Agency Agreement and obtainable from any specified office of the relevant Registrar (a 
"Tangibility Event Put Notice") and in which the holder must specify a bank account (or, if 
payment is required to be made by cheque, an address) to which payment is to be made under this 
Condition 10.6 (Dissolution at the Option of the Certificateholders (Tangibility Event 
Certificateholder Put Right)) and the aggregate face amount of such Trust Certificates to be 
redeemed and, if less than the full aggregate face amount of the Trust Certificates in definitive 
form so surrendered is to be redeemed, an address to which a new Trust Certificate in definitive 
form in respect of the balance of such Trust Certificates in definitive form is to be sent subject to 
and in accordance with the provisions of Condition 3 (Transfers of Trust Certificates). 
If the relevant Trust Certificate is represented by a Global Trust Certificate and held through DTC, 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require redemption thereof the 
holder of such Trust Certificate must, within the notice period, give notice to the Principal Paying 
Agent of such exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of DTC, Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (as applicable) (which may include notice being given on such 
Certificateholder's instruction by DTC, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any

--- Page 153 ---
- 136 - 
 
 
depositary or custodian (as applicable) for them to the Principal Paying Agent by electronic means) 
in a form acceptable to DTC, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to time (as 
applicable) and at the same time present or procure the presentation of the relevant Global Trust 
Certificate to the Principal Paying Agent for notation accordingly. 
No Tangibility Event Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures 
of DTC, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (as applicable) given by a holder of any Trust 
Certificate pursuant to this Condition 10.6 (Dissolution at the Option of the Certificateholders 
(Tangibility Event Certificateholder Put Right)) may be withdrawn without the prior consent of the 
Trustee except where, prior to the due date of redemption, a Dissolution Event has occurred and 
the Delegate has declared the Trust Certificates are to be redeemed pursuant to Condition 14 
(Dissolution Events), in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Trustee 
to withdraw the notice given pursuant to this Condition 10.6 (Dissolution at the Option of the 
Certificateholders (Tangibility Event Certificateholder Put Right)). 
To the extent that there are any Trust Certificates in respect of which Tangibility Event Put Notices 
or other notices in accordance with the standard procedures of DTC, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (as applicable) have not been delivered following the expiry of the Tangibility Event 
Put Period, such Trust Certificates shall be delisted from any stock exchange (if any) on which the 
Certificates have been listed on a date falling 15 days following the Tangibility Event Put Right 
Date. 
In these Conditions: 
"Shari'a Adviser" has the meaning given to it in the Servicing Agency Agreement; 
"Tangible Asset Ratio" means, in respect of each Series, the ratio of the value of the Lease Assets 
(as determined by reference to the relevant internal valuation by the Government of the Lease 
Assets on the date on which the Lease Assets were acquired by the Trustee as set out in the relevant 
Supplemental Purchase Agreement and/or Sale Agreement) to the aggregate of the value of the 
Lease Assets (as determined by reference to the relevant internal valuation by the Government of 
the Lease Assets on the date on which the Lease Assets were acquired by the Trustee as set out in 
the relevant Supplemental Purchase Agreement and/or Sale Agreement) and, if applicable for such 
Series, the outstanding Deferred Sale Price applicable to such Series at the relevant time; 
a "Tangibility Event" shall occur if, at any time, the Tangible Asset Ratio, other than as a result 
of the occurrence of a Total Loss Event or a Partial Loss Event, falls below 33 per cent.; 
"Tangibility Event Put Period" shall be the period of 30 days commencing on the date that is the 
60th day after a Tangibility Event Notice is given;  
"Tangibility Event Put Right Date" shall be the first Business Day falling 75 days following the 
expiry of the Tangibility Event Put Period; and 
"Tangibility Event Trustee Notice" has the meaning given to it in the Servicing Agency 
Agreement. 
For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Delegate nor any Agent will have any responsibility for 
monitoring or ensuring compliance with any such Shari'a principles of debt trading referred to in 
(b) above nor shall it be liable to any Certificateholder or any other person in respect thereof. 
10.7 
Dissolution at the Option of the Government (Clean Up Call Right) 
If Clean Up Call Right is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable and 75 per 
cent. or more of the aggregate face amount of the Trust Certificates then outstanding have been 
redeemed and/or purchased and cancelled pursuant to this Condition 10 (Capital Distributions of 
Trust) or Condition 11 (Purchase and Cancellation of Trust Certificates), the Government may in 
its sole discretion deliver to the Trustee a duly completed Exercise Notice, subject to and in 
accordance with the provisions of the Sale and Substitution Undertaking, and, on receipt of such 
notice, the Trustee shall redeem the Trust Certificates in whole but not in part, on the Trustee giving 
not less than 30 days' nor more than 60 days' notice (or such other notice period as may be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, such notice period being given within 30 days after the

--- Page 154 ---
- 137 - 
 
 
Certificateholder Put Right Date or the Tangibility Event Put Right Date, if applicable) to the 
Delegate and the Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) (which notice shall 
be irrevocable and shall oblige the Trustee to redeem the Trust Certificates on the date specified in 
such notice (the "Clean Up Call Right Dissolution Date")), at the Clean Up Call Right Dissolution 
Amount specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms, 
including all unpaid Periodic Distribution Amounts accrued (if any) to (but excluding) the Clean 
Up Call Right Dissolution Date (the "Clean Up Call Right Dissolution Amount"). 
10.8 
Dissolution following a Dissolution Event 
Upon the occurrence of a Dissolution Event, the Trust Certificates shall be redeemed at their 
Dissolution Event Amount specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable 
Final Terms, including all unpaid Periodic Distribution Amounts accrued (if any) to (but 
excluding) the Dissolution Event Redemption Date (the "Dissolution Event Amount"), subject to 
and as more particularly described in Condition 14 (Dissolution Events) and this Condition 10 
(Capital Distributions of Trust). 
10.9 
No Other Optional Early Dissolution 
Neither the Trustee nor the Certificateholders shall be entitled to redeem, or cause to be redeemed, 
as applicable, the Trust Certificates, otherwise than as provided in this Condition 10 (Capital 
Distributions of Trust) and Condition 14 (Dissolution Events). Upon payment in full of all amounts 
due in respect of the Trust Certificates of any Series the Trustee shall be bound to dissolve the 
Trust and the Trust Certificates shall cease to represent interests in the Trust Assets and no further 
amounts shall be payable in respect thereof and neither the Government nor the Trustee shall have 
any further obligations in respect thereof. 
10.10 
Cancellation 
All Trust Certificates which are redeemed will forthwith be forwarded to the Registrar, cancelled 
and destroyed and accordingly may not be held, reissued or resold. 
11. 
Purchase and Cancellation of Trust Certificates 
11.1 
Purchases 
The Trustee, the Government of the Emirate of Sharjah, the Sharjah Finance Department and/or 
any other public sector instrumentality of the Government of the Emirate of Sharjah (as defined in 
Condition 18(i) (Convening Meetings of Certificateholders; Conduct of Meetings of 
Certificateholders; Written Resolutions)) may at any time purchase Trust Certificates at any price 
in the open market or otherwise at any price. Following any purchase of Trust Certificates pursuant 
to this Condition 11.1, such Trust Certificates may be held, resold or, at the discretion of the holder 
thereof, cancelled (subject to such Trust Certificates being deemed not to remain outstanding for 
certain purposes as provided under the Master Declaration of Trust and these Conditions if so held, 
as more particularly set out in Condition 18(a)(i) (Convening Meetings of Certificateholders; 
Conduct of Meetings of Certificateholders; Written Resolutions)). 
11.2 
Cancellation 
Should the Government wish to cancel any Trust Certificates purchased pursuant to Condition 11.1 
(Purchases), it shall deliver a Cancellation Notice to the Trustee (in accordance with the Sale and 
Substitution Undertaking) whereupon the Trustee shall, in accordance with the terms of the Sale 
and Substitution Undertaking, be obliged to transfer all of the Trustee's rights, title and interests in, 
to and under the Cancelled Lease Asset(s) to the Government in consideration for which the Trust 
Certificates shall be cancelled. The transfer of the Cancelled Lease Asset(s) will take effect by the 
Government and the Trustee entering into a Sale Agreement (in the form scheduled to the Sale and 
Substitution Undertaking). Following the entry into such Sale Agreement, the Trustee shall 
forthwith surrender to the relevant Registrar the relevant Trust Certificates identified for 
cancellation in the Cancellation Notice on the Cancellation Date and, upon surrender thereof, all 
such Trust Certificates shall be cancelled forthwith.

--- Page 155 ---
- 138 - 
 
 
12. 
Taxation 
All payments in respect of the Trust Certificates shall be made in the Specified Currency without 
set-off or counterclaim of any kind and free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction 
for, any Taxes of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within a 
Relevant Jurisdiction or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless the 
withholding or deduction is required by law. In that event, the Trustee shall pay such additional 
amounts as will result in receipt by the Certificateholders of such amounts as would have been 
received by them, had no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no such 
additional amount shall be payable in respect of any Trust Certificate: 
(a) 
held by or on behalf of a holder who is liable for such Taxes in respect of such Trust 
Certificate by reason of having some connection with a Relevant Jurisdiction other than 
the mere holding of the Trust Certificate; or 
(b) 
where the relevant Trust Certificate is required to be surrendered for payment and is 
surrendered for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent 
that the relevant Certificateholder would have been entitled to such additional amount if 
it surrendered; or 
(c) 
the relevant Trust Certificate for payment on the last day of such period of 30 days. 
The Transaction Documents provide that payments thereunder by the Government shall be made 
without set-off, counterclaim, deduction or withholding unless compelled by law in which event the 
Government will pay such additional amounts as will result in the receipt by the Delegate and the 
Trustee of the amounts which would otherwise have been payable by the Government to the 
Delegate and/or the Trustee, as the case may be, under the Transaction Documents in the absence 
of any such set-off, counterclaim, deduction or withholding.  
 Further, in accordance with the Master Declaration of Trust, the Government has unconditionally 
and irrevocably undertaken to (irrespective of the payment of any fee), as a continuing obligation, 
if the Trustee fails to comply with any obligation to pay additional amounts pursuant to this 
Condition 12, pay to or to the order of the Delegate (for the benefit of the Certificateholders) an 
amount equal to the liability of the Trustee in respect of any and all additional amounts required 
to be paid by the Trustee in respect of the Trust Certificates pursuant to this Condition 12. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, no additional amounts shall be payable 
in respect of any Trust Certificate for any Taxes imposed or withheld pursuant to Sections 1471 
through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), or any 
successor provisions thereto, any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, 
any agreement entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b) of the Code, or any fiscal or regulatory 
legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement entered into 
in connection with the implementation of such Sections of the Code. 
13. 
Prescription 
The rights to receive distributions in respect of the Trust Certificates will be forfeited unless 
claimed within periods of 10 years (in the case of Dissolution Amounts) and five years (in the case 
of Periodic Distribution Amounts) from the Relevant Date in respect thereof. 
14. 
Dissolution Events 
If any of the following events occurs and is continuing (each, a "Dissolution Event"): 
(a) 
default is made in the payment of the Dissolution Amount on the date fixed for payment 
thereof or default is made in the payment of any Periodic Distribution Amount on the due 
date for payment thereof and, in the case of the Dissolution Amount, such default 
continues unremedied for a period of seven Business Days and, in the case of a Periodic 
Distribution Amount, such default continues unremedied for a period of 14 Business Days; 
or 
(b) 
the Trustee fails to perform or observe any one or more of its other duties, obligations or 
undertakings under the Trust Certificates or the Transaction Documents, which failure is,

--- Page 156 ---
- 139 - 
 
 
in the sole opinion of the Delegate, incapable of remedy or, if in the sole opinion of the 
Delegate is capable of remedy, is not, in the sole opinion of the Delegate, remedied within 
the period of 30 days following the service by the Delegate of a notice on the Trustee 
requiring the same to be remedied; or 
(c) 
a Government Event occurs; or 
(d) 
the Trustee repudiates or challenges the valid, legal, binding and enforceable nature of any, 
or any part of a, Transaction Document to which it is a party or does or causes to be done 
any act or thing evidencing an intention to repudiate or challenge the valid, legal, binding 
and enforceable nature of any, or any part of a, Transaction Document to which it is a 
party; or 
(e) 
at any time it is or will become unlawful or impossible for the Trustee to perform or 
comply with any or all of its obligations under the Trust Certificates or the Transaction 
Documents or any of the obligations of the Trustee under the Trust Certificates or the 
Transaction Documents are not or cease to be legal, valid, binding and enforceable; or 
(f) 
either: (i) the Trustee is (or is deemed by law or a court to be) insolvent or unable to pay 
its debts as they fall due; or (ii) an administrator or liquidator of the whole or substantially 
the whole of the undertaking, assets and revenues of the Trustee is appointed (or 
application for any such appointment is made); or (iii) the Trustee takes any action for a 
readjustment or deferment of any of its obligations or makes a general assignment or an 
arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors or declares a 
moratorium in respect of any of its indebtedness or any guarantee of any indebtedness 
given by it; or (iv) the Trustee ceases or threatens to cease to carry on all or substantially 
the whole of its business (otherwise than for the purposes of or pursuant to an 
amalgamation, reorganisation or restructuring whilst solvent); or 
(g) 
an order or decree is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding-up, 
liquidation or dissolution of the Trustee; or 
(h) 
any event occurs which under the laws of the Cayman Islands has an analogous effect to 
any of the events referred to in paragraphs (f) and (g) above, 
the Delegate, upon receiving notice thereof under the Declaration of Trust or otherwise becoming 
aware of a Dissolution Event and subject to it being indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded 
to its satisfaction, shall promptly give notice of the occurrence of such Dissolution Event to the 
holders of Trust Certificates in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) with a request to such 
holders to indicate to the Trustee and the Delegate if they wish the Trust Certificates to be redeemed 
and the Trust to be dissolved. Following the issuance of such notice, the Delegate in its sole 
discretion may, and if so requested in writing by the holders of at least 25 per cent. of the then 
aggregate face amount of the Series of Trust Certificates outstanding or if so directed by an 
Extraordinary Resolution of the holders of the Trust Certificates (each a "Dissolution Request") 
shall, (subject in each case to being indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction) 
give notice (a "Dissolution Notice") to the Trustee, the Government and the holders of the Trust 
Certificates of the relevant Series in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) that the Trust 
Certificates are immediately due and payable at the Dissolution Amount, on the date of such notice 
(the "Dissolution Event Redemption Date"), whereupon they shall become so due and payable. 
If it has not already done so, (so long as a Total Loss Event has not occurred), the Trustee (or the 
Delegate acting on behalf of the Certificateholders) shall exercise its rights under the Purchase 
Undertaking by serving an Exercise Notice on the Government. 
Upon payment in full of such amounts, the Trust will be dissolved, the Trust Certificates shall 
cease to represent undivided ownership interests in the Trust Assets and no further amounts shall 
be payable in respect thereof and the Trustee shall have no further obligations in respect thereof. 
For the purposes of paragraph (a) above, amounts shall be considered due in respect of the Trust 
Certificates (including for the avoidance of doubt any amounts calculated as being payable under 
Condition 7 (Fixed Periodic Distribution Provisions) and Condition 10 (Capital Distributions of 
Trust)) notwithstanding that the Trustee has at the relevant time insufficient funds or Trust Assets 
to pay such amounts.

--- Page 157 ---
- 140 - 
 
 
For the purposes of this Condition 14 (Dissolution Events), "Government Event" shall mean each 
of the following events: 
(i) 
if default is made by the Government in the payment of: (i) any Rental to be paid 
into the Transaction Account by the Lessee in accordance with the terms of the 
Lease Agreement and the default continues for a period of 14 Business Days; or 
(ii) the Exercise Price, the Certificateholder Put Right Exercise Price, the 
Tangibility Event Certificateholder Put Right Exercise Price or any Loss Shortfall 
Amount (as the case may be) and the default continues for a period of seven 
Business Days; or 
(ii) 
occurrence of a Partial Loss Dissolution Event;  
(iii) 
if the Government (acting in any capacity): (a) delivers a notice to the Trustee 
and/or the Delegate pursuant to clause 5.1.4 of the Servicing Agency Agreement; 
or (b) fails to perform or observe any one or more of its other obligations under 
the Transaction Documents to which it is a party (including in accordance with 
clauses 3.1, 3.2 and 3.3 of the relevant Supplemental Lease Agreement but other 
than its obligations as set out in (A) clauses 5.1 and 5.4 of the Servicing Agency 
Agreement, and (B) clause 9 of the Servicing Agency Agreement (save for the 
delivery of the Tangibility Event Trustee Notice)), which failure is, in the sole 
opinion of the Delegate, incapable of remedy or, if in the sole opinion of the 
Delegate capable of remedy, is not, in the sole opinion of the Delegate, remedied 
within the period of 30 days following the service by the Delegate on the 
Government of notice requiring the same to be remedied; or 
(iv) 
if any Financial Indebtedness of the Government is not paid when due nor within 
any originally applicable grace period or any such Financial Indebtedness is 
declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified 
maturity as a result of an event of default (howsoever described) provided, 
however, that it shall not constitute a Government Event under this paragraph 
(iv) unless the aggregate amount of all such Financial Indebtedness shall be more 
than U.S.$30,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency or currencies); or 
(v) 
if any execution, distress, attachment, sequestration or other process is levied, 
enforced upon, sued out or put in force against, or an encumbrancer takes 
possession of, the whole or any substantial part of the property, undertaking or 
assets of the Government or any event occurs which under the laws of any 
jurisdiction has a similar or analogous effect, and any such event is not discharged 
within 30 days; or 
(vi) 
if the Government fails to comply with or pay any sum which amount shall not 
be less than U.S. $50,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency or 
currencies) due from it under any final non-appealable judgment or any final non-
appealable order made or given by any court of competent jurisdiction and such 
failure continues for a period of 60 days following the service by the Delegate on 
the Government of notice requiring the same to be paid/remedied; or 
(vii) 
if the Government enters into an arrangement with its creditors generally for the 
rescheduling or postponement of any Financial Indebtedness, as a result of its 
inability or potential inability to fulfill its obligations to them, or a moratorium on 
the payment of all or any part of the Financial Indebtedness of the Government is 
declared; or 
(viii) 
if the Government repudiates or challenges the valid, legal, binding and 
enforceable nature of any, or any part of a, Transaction Document to which it is 
a party or does or causes to be done any act or thing evidencing an intention to 
repudiate or challenge the valid, legal, binding and enforceable nature of any, or 
any part of a, Transaction Document to which it is a party, or if the validity of the 
Government's obligations under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party 
is contested by the Government or the Government denies any of its obligations 
under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party; or

--- Page 158 ---
- 141 - 
 
 
(ix) 
if at any time it is or will become unlawful or impossible for the Government to 
perform or comply with any or all of its obligations under the Trust Certificates 
or the Transaction Documents to which it is a party or any of the obligations of 
the Government under the Trust Certificates or the Transaction Documents to 
which it is a party are not or cease to be legal, valid, binding and enforceable; or 
(x) 
the expropriation, nationalisation, requisition, confiscation, attachment, 
sequestration or execution of any legal process by the Government in respect of 
the whole of the Lease Assets; or 
(xi) 
if any action, condition or thing at any time required to be taken, fulfilled or done 
in order: 
(A) 
to enable the Government lawfully to enter into, exercise its rights and 
perform and comply with its obligations under and in respect of the 
Transaction Documents to which it is a party; or 
(B) 
to ensure that those obligations are legal, valid, binding and enforceable, 
is not taken, fulfilled or done. 
15. 
Enforcement and Exercise of Rights 
15.1 
Limitation on Liability of the Trustee 
Following the enforcement, realisation and ultimate distribution of the proceeds of the Trust Assets 
in respect of the Trust Certificates to the Certificateholders in accordance with these Conditions 
and the Declaration of Trust, the Trustee shall not be liable for any further sums, and accordingly 
no Certificateholder may take any action against the Trustee or any other Person to recover any 
such sum in respect of the Trust Certificates or Trust Assets. 
15.2 
Delegate not obliged to take action 
The Delegate shall not be bound in any circumstances to take any action to enforce or to realise 
the Trust Assets or take any action, step or proceedings against the Government and/or the Trustee 
under any Transaction Document unless directed or requested to do so in writing by the holders of 
at least 25 per cent. in aggregate face amount of the Trust Certificates then outstanding and subject, 
in each case, to it being indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction against all 
Liabilities to which it may thereby render itself liable or which it may incur by so doing. 
15.3 
Direct enforcement by Certificateholders 
No Certificateholder shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Trustee or the Government, 
under any Transaction Document, unless the Delegate, having become so bound to proceed, (i) 
fails to do so within 30 days of becoming so bound, or (ii) is unable by reason of an order of a court 
having competent jurisdiction, and such failure or inability is continuing. Under no circumstances 
shall the Trustee, the Delegate or any Certificateholder have any right to cause the sale or other 
disposition of any of the Trust Assets (other than as expressly contemplated in the Transaction 
Documents and/or these Conditions), and the sole right of the Trustee, the Delegate and the 
Certificateholders against the Trustee and the Government, as applicable, shall be to enforce their 
respective obligations under the Transaction Documents. 
15.4 
Limited recourse 
Conditions 15.1 (Limitation on Liability of the Trustee), 15.2 (Delegate not obliged to take action) 
and 15.3 (Direct enforcement by Certificateholders) are subject to this Condition 15.4. After 
enforcing or realising the Trust Assets in respect of the Trust Certificates of the relevant Series and 
distributing the net proceeds of the relevant Trust Assets in accordance with Condition 15.2 
(Delegate not obliged to take action) and the Declaration of Trust, the obligations of the Trustee 
in respect of the Trust Certificates of the relevant Series shall be satisfied and no Certificateholder 
may take any further steps against the Trustee or the Delegate or any other Person to recover any 
further sums in respect of the Trust Certificates of the relevant Series and the right to receive any 
such sums unpaid shall be extinguished.

--- Page 159 ---
- 142 - 
 
 
16. 
Replacement of Definitive Trust Certificates 
Should any definitive Trust Certificate be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed it may be 
replaced at the specified office of the relevant Registrar upon payment by the claimant of the 
expenses incurred in connection with the replacement and on such terms as to evidence and 
indemnity as the Trustee may reasonably require (in light of prevailing market practice). Mutilated 
or defaced definitive Trust Certificates must be surrendered and cancelled before replacements will 
be issued. 
17. 
Notices 
All notices to the Certificateholders will be valid if mailed to them by first class pre-paid registered 
mail (or its equivalent) or (if posted to an overseas address) by airmail at their respective addresses 
in the Register. 
The Trustee shall also ensure that notices are duly given or published in a manner which complies 
with the rules and regulations of any listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if 
any) on which the Trust Certificates are for the time being listed or on which they have been 
admitted to trading and/or quotation (as applicable). In addition, for so long as any Trust 
Certificates are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority 
and/or admitted to quotation (as applicable) and the rules of that stock exchange, relevant authority 
or quotation system (as applicable) so require, such notice will be published on the website of the 
relevant stock exchange or relevant authority and/or in a daily newspaper of general circulation in 
the place or places required by those rules. 
So long as the Trust Certificates are listed on Euronext Dublin and the rules of the exchange so 
require, notices to Certificateholders shall also be published either on the website of Euronext 
Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin) or in a daily newspaper with general 
circulation in Ireland (which is expected to be the Irish Times). If any such publication is not 
practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in another leading daily English language 
newspaper with general circulation in Europe. 
Any notice shall be deemed to have been given on the fourth day (other than a Friday, Saturday or 
Sunday) after being mailed or on the date of publication or, if so published more than once or on 
different dates, on the date of the first publication. So long as the Global Trust Certificate 
representing the Trust Certificates is held in its entirety on behalf of DTC, Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, there may be substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) the 
delivery of the relevant notice to DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (as applicable)for 
communication by them to the Certificateholders. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been 
given to the Certificateholders on the day on which the said notice was given to DTC, Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg (as applicable). 
Notices to be given by any Certificateholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same with 
the Principal Paying Agent. Whilst any of the Trust Certificates are represented by the Global Trust 
Certificate, such notice may be given by any holder of a Trust Certificate to the Principal Paying 
Agent through DTC, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (as applicable), in such manner 
as the Principal Paying Agent and DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (as applicable) 
may approve for this purpose. 
18. 
Meetings of Certificateholders; Written Resolutions 
(a) 
Convening Meetings of Certificateholders; Conduct of Meetings of Certificateholders; 
Written Resolutions: 
(i) 
The Trustee, the Government and/or the Delegate may convene a meeting of the 
Certificateholders at any time in respect of the Trust Certificates in accordance 
with the provisions of the Master Declaration of Trust and the Agency Agreement. 
The Trustee, the Government or the Delegate, as the case may be, will determine 
the time and place of the meeting and will notify the Certificateholders of the time, 
place and purpose of the meeting not less than 21 and not more than 45 days 
before the meeting.

--- Page 160 ---
- 143 - 
 
 
(ii) 
The Trustee, the Government and/or the Delegate (subject to its being 
indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction) will convene a 
meeting of Certificateholders if the holders of at least 10 per cent. in face amount 
of the outstanding Trust Certificates (as defined in the Master Declaration of Trust 
and described in Condition 18(i) (Trust Certificates controlled by the Trustee or 
the Government)) have delivered a written request to the Trustee, the Government 
or the Delegate (with a copy to the Trustee and the Government) setting out the 
purpose of the meeting. The Delegate shall agree the time and place of the meeting 
with the Trustee and the Government promptly. The Trustee, the Government or 
the Delegate, as the case may be, will notify the Certificateholders within 10 days 
of receipt of such written request of the time and place of the meeting, which shall 
take place not less than 21 and not more than 45 days after the date on which such 
notification is given. 
(iii) 
The Trustee or the Government (as the case may be) (with the agreement of the 
Delegate) will set the procedures governing the conduct of any meeting in 
accordance with the Master Declaration of Trust and the Agency Agreement. If 
neither the Master Declaration of Trust nor the Agency Agreement includes such 
procedures, or additional procedures are required, the Trustee, the Government 
and the Delegate will agree such procedures as are customary in the market and 
in such a manner as to facilitate any multiple series aggregation, if in relation to 
a Reserved Matter the Trustee or the Government (as the case may be) proposes 
any modification to the terms and conditions of, or action with respect to, two or 
more series of securities issued by it. 
(iv) 
The notice convening any meeting will specify, inter alia: 
(A) 
the date, time and location of the meeting; 
(B) 
the agenda and the text of any Extraordinary Resolution (as defined 
below) to be proposed for adoption at the meeting; 
(C) 
the Record Date for the meeting, which shall be no more than five 
business days before the date of the meeting; 
(D) 
the documentation required to be produced by a Certificateholder in 
order to be entitled to participate at the meeting or to appoint a proxy to 
act on the Certificateholder's behalf at the meeting; 
(E) 
any time deadline and procedures required by any relevant international 
and/or domestic clearing systems or similar through which the Trust 
Certificates are traded and/or held by Certificateholders; 
(F) 
whether Condition 18(b) (Modification of this Series of Trust Certificates 
only), 18(c) (Multiple Series Aggregation – Single limb voting) or 18(d) 
(Multiple Series Aggregation – Two limb voting) shall apply and, if 
relevant, in relation to which other series of securities it applies; 
(G) 
if the proposed modification or action relates to two or more series of 
securities issued by it and contemplates such series of securities being 
aggregated in more than one group of securities, a description of the 
proposed treatment of each such group of securities; 
(H) 
such information that is required to be provided by the Trustee in 
accordance with Condition 18(f) (Information); 
(I) 
the identity of the Aggregation Agent (appointed in accordance with 
Condition 19(a) (Appointment) and as defined therein) and the 
Calculation Agent, if any, for any proposed modification or action to be 
voted on at the meeting, and the details of any applicable methodology 
referred to in Condition 18(g) (Claims Valuation); and

--- Page 161 ---
- 144 - 
 
 
(J) 
any additional procedures which may be necessary and, if applicable, the 
conditions under which a multiple series aggregation will be deemed to 
have been satisfied if it is approved as to some but not all of the affected 
series of securities. 
(v) 
In addition, the Master Declaration of Trust contains provisions relating to 
Written Resolutions (as defined below). Further, the Master Declaration of Trust 
provides that, where the Trust Certificates are held by or on behalf of a clearing 
system or clearing systems, approval of a resolution may be given by way of 
electronic consents communicated through the electronic communications 
systems of the relevant clearing system(s) in accordance with the operating rules 
and procedures of the relevant clearing system(s) by or on behalf of the 
Certificateholders ("Electronic Consent"). All information to be provided 
pursuant to Condition 18(a)(iv) (Convening Meetings of Certificateholders; 
Conduct of Meetings of Certificateholders; Written Resolutions) shall also be 
provided, mutatis mutandis, in respect of Written Resolutions or resolutions 
approved by Electronic Consent. 
(vi) 
A "Record Date" in relation to any proposed modification or action means the 
date fixed by the Trustee or the Government (as the case may be) for determining 
the Certificateholders and, in the case of a multiple series aggregation, the holders 
of securities of each other affected series that are entitled to vote on a Multiple 
Series Single Limb Extraordinary Resolution or a Multiple Series Two Limb 
Extraordinary Resolution, or to sign a Multiple Series Single Limb Written 
Resolution or a Multiple Series Two Limb Written Resolution as set out below. 
(vii) 
An "Extraordinary Resolution" means any of a Single Series Extraordinary 
Resolution, a Multiple Series Single Limb Extraordinary Resolution and/or a 
Multiple Series Two Limb Extraordinary Resolution, as the case may be. 
(viii) 
A "Written Resolution" means any of a Single Series Written Resolution, a 
Multiple Series Single Limb Written Resolution and/or a Multiple Series Two 
Limb Written Resolution, as the case may be. 
(ix) 
Any reference to "securities" means any trust certificates (including, without 
limitation, the Trust Certificates), bonds, debentures or other securities issued by 
the Trustee or the Government in one or more series with an original stated 
maturity of more than one year. 
(x) 
"Securities Capable of Aggregation" means those securities which include or 
incorporate by reference this Condition 18 (Meetings of Certificateholders; 
Written Resolutions) and Condition 19 (Aggregation Agent; Aggregation 
Procedures) or provisions substantially in these terms which provide for the 
securities which include such provisions to be capable of being aggregated for 
voting purposes with other series of securities. 
(xi) 
"business day" shall mean a day on which banks are open for business in the city 
in which the specified office of the relevant Registrar is located. 
(b) 
Modification of this Series of Trust Certificates only: 
(i) 
Without prejudice to clause 11 of the Master Declaration of Trust, any 
modification of any provision of, or any action in respect of, these Conditions or 
the Transaction Documents in respect of the Trust Certificates may be made or 
taken if approved by a Single Series Extraordinary Resolution or a Single Series 
Written Resolution as set out below. 
(ii) 
A "Single Series Extraordinary Resolution" means a resolution passed at a 
meeting of Certificateholders duly convened and held in accordance with the 
procedures prescribed by the Trustee or the Government and the Delegate 
pursuant to Condition 18(a) (Convening Meetings of Certificateholders; Conduct 
of Meetings of Certificateholders; Written Resolutions) by a majority of:

--- Page 162 ---
- 145 - 
 
 
(A) 
in the case of a Reserved Matter, at least 75 per cent. of the aggregate 
face amount of the outstanding Trust Certificates; or 
(B) 
in the case of a matter other than a Reserved Matter, more than 50 per 
cent. of the aggregate face amount of the outstanding Trust Certificates. 
(iii) 
A "Single Series Written Resolution" means a resolution in writing signed or 
confirmed in writing by or on behalf of the holders of: 
(A) 
in the case of a Reserved Matter, at least 75 per cent. of the aggregate 
face amount of the outstanding Trust Certificates; or 
(B) 
in the case of a matter other than a Reserved Matter, more than 50 per 
cent. of the aggregate face amount of the outstanding Trust Certificates. 
Any Single Series Written Resolution may be contained in one document 
or several documents in the same form, each signed or confirmed in 
writing by or on behalf of one or more Certificateholders. 
(iv) 
Any Single Series Extraordinary Resolution duly passed or Single Series Written 
Resolution approved shall be binding on all Certificateholders, whether or not 
they attended any meeting, whether or not they voted in favour thereof and 
whether or not they signed or confirmed in writing any such Single Series Written 
Resolution, as the case may be. 
(c) 
Multiple Series Aggregation – Single limb voting: 
(i) 
In relation to a proposal that includes a Reserved Matter, any modification to the 
terms and conditions of, or any action with respect to, two or more series of 
Securities Capable of Aggregation may be made or taken if approved by a 
Multiple Series Single Limb Extraordinary Resolution or by a Multiple Series 
Single Limb Written Resolution as set out below, provided that the Uniformly 
Applicable condition (as defined below) is satisfied. 
(ii) 
A "Multiple Series Single Limb Extraordinary Resolution" means a 
resolution considered at separate meetings of the holders of each affected series 
of Securities Capable of Aggregation, duly convened and held in accordance with 
the procedures prescribed by the Trustee or the Government (as the case may be) 
and the Delegate pursuant to Condition 18(a) (Convening Meetings of 
Certificateholders; Conduct of Meetings of Certificateholders; Written 
Resolutions), as supplemented if necessary, which is passed by a majority of at 
least 75 per cent. of the aggregate face amount of the outstanding securities of all 
affected series of Securities Capable of Aggregation (taken in aggregate). 
(iii) 
A "Multiple Series Single Limb Written Resolution" means each resolution in 
writing (with a separate resolution in writing or multiple separate resolutions in 
writing distributed to the holders of each affected series of Securities Capable of 
Aggregation, in accordance with the applicable securities documentation) which, 
when taken together, has been signed or confirmed in writing by or on behalf of 
the holders of at least 75 per cent. of the aggregate face amount of the outstanding 
securities of all affected series of Securities Capable of Aggregation (taken in 
aggregate). Any Multiple Series Single Limb Written Resolution may be 
contained in one document or several documents in substantially the same form, 
each signed or confirmed in writing by or on behalf of one or more 
Certificateholders or one or more holders of each affected series of Securities 
Capable of Aggregation. 
(iv) 
Any Multiple Series Single Limb Extraordinary Resolution duly passed or 
Multiple Series Single Limb Written Resolution approved shall be binding on all 
Certificateholders and holders of each other affected series of Securities Capable 
of Aggregation, whether or not they attended any meeting, whether or not they 
voted in favour thereof, whether or not any other holder or holders of the same

--- Page 163 ---
- 146 - 
 
 
series voted in favour thereof and whether or not they signed or confirmed in 
writing any such Multiple Series Single Limb Written Resolution, as the case may 
be. 
(v) 
The "Uniformly Applicable" condition will be satisfied if: 
(A) 
the holders of all affected series of Securities Capable of Aggregation are 
invited to exchange, convert, or substitute their securities, on the same 
terms, for (1) the same new instrument or other consideration or (2) a 
new instrument, new instruments or other consideration from an identical 
menu of instruments or other consideration; or 
(B) 
the amendments proposed to the terms and conditions of each affected 
series of Securities Capable of Aggregation would, following 
implementation of such amendments, result in the amended instruments 
having identical provisions (other than provisions which are necessarily 
different, having regard to the currency of issuance). 
(vi) 
It is understood that a proposal under Condition 18(c)(iii) (Multiple Series 
Aggregation – Single limb voting) will not be considered to satisfy the Uniformly 
Applicable condition if each exchanging, converting, substituting or amending 
holder of each affected series of Securities Capable of Aggregation is not offered 
the same amount of consideration per Dissolution Amount, the same amount of 
consideration per Periodic Distribution Amount accrued but unpaid and the same 
amount of consideration per past due Periodic Distribution Amount, respectively, 
as that offered to each other exchanging, converting, substituting or amending 
holder of each affected series of Securities Capable of Aggregation (or, where a 
menu of instruments or other consideration is offered, each exchanging, 
converting, substituting or amending holder of each affected series of Securities 
Capable of Aggregation is not offered the same amount of consideration per 
Dissolution Amount, the same amount of consideration per amount of Periodic 
Distribution Amount accrued but unpaid and the same amount of consideration 
per amount of past due Periodic Distribution Amount, respectively, as that offered 
to each other exchanging, converting, substituting or amending holder of each 
affected series of Securities Capable of Aggregation electing the same option 
from such menu of instruments). 
(vii) 
Any modification or action proposed under Condition 18(c) (Multiple Series 
Aggregation – Single limb voting) may be made in respect of some series only of 
the Securities Capable of Aggregation and, for the avoidance of doubt, the 
provisions described in this Condition 18(c) (Multiple Series Aggregation – 
Single limb voting) may be used for different groups of two or more series of 
Securities Capable of Aggregation simultaneously. 
(d) 
Multiple Series Aggregation – Two limb voting: 
(i) 
In relation to a proposal that includes a Reserved Matter (as defined below), any 
modification to the terms and conditions of, or any action with respect to, two or 
more series of Securities Capable of Aggregation may be made or taken if 
approved by a Multiple Series Two Limb Extraordinary Resolution or by a 
Multiple Series Two Limb Written Resolution as set out below. 
(ii) 
A "Multiple Series Two Limb Extraordinary Resolution" means a resolution 
considered at separate meetings of the holders of each affected series of Securities 
Capable of Aggregation, duly convened and held in accordance with the 
procedures prescribed by the Trustee or the Government (as the case may be) and 
the Delegate pursuant to Condition 18(a) (Convening Meetings of 
Certificateholders; Conduct of Meetings of Certificateholders; Written 
Resolutions), as supplemented if necessary, which is passed by a majority of:

--- Page 164 ---
- 147 - 
 
 
(A) 
at least 66⅔ per cent. of the aggregate face amount of the outstanding 
securities of affected series of Securities Capable of Aggregation (taken 
in aggregate); and 
(B) 
more than 50 per cent. of the aggregate face amount of the outstanding 
securities in each affected series of Securities Capable of Aggregation 
(taken individually). 
(iii) 
A "Multiple Series Two Limb Written Resolution" means each resolution in 
writing (with a separate resolution in writing or multiple separate resolutions in 
writing distributed to the holders of each affected series of Securities Capable of 
Aggregation, in accordance with the applicable securities documentation) which, 
when taken together, has been signed or confirmed in writing by or on behalf of 
the holders of: 
(A) 
at least 66⅔ per cent. of the aggregate face amount of the outstanding 
securities of all the affected series of Securities Capable of Aggregation 
(taken in aggregate); and 
(B) 
more than 50 per cent. of the aggregate face amount of the outstanding 
securities in each affected series of Securities Capable of Aggregation 
(taken individually). 
Any Multiple Series Two Limb Written Resolution may be contained in 
one document or several documents in substantially the same form, each 
signed or confirmed in writing by or on behalf of one or more 
Certificateholders or one or more holders of each affected series of 
Securities Capable of Aggregation. 
(iv) 
Any Multiple Series Two Limb Extraordinary Resolution duly passed or Multiple 
Series Two Limb Written Resolution approved shall be binding on all 
Certificateholders and holders of each other affected series of Securities Capable 
of Aggregation, whether or not they attended any meeting, whether or not they 
voted in favour thereof, whether or not any other holder or holders of the same 
series voted in favour thereof and whether or not they signed or confirmed in 
writing any such Multiple Series Two Limb Written Resolution, as the case may 
be. 
(v) 
Any modification or action proposed under this Condition 18(d) (Multiple Series 
Aggregation – Two limb voting) may be made in respect of some series only of 
the Securities Capable of Aggregation and, for the avoidance of doubt, the 
provisions described in this Condition 18(d) (Multiple Series Aggregation – Two 
limb voting) may be used for different groups of two or more series of Securities 
Capable of Aggregation simultaneously. 
(e) 
Reserved Matters: 
In these Conditions, "Reserved Matter" means any proposal: 
(i) 
to change the Scheduled Dissolution Date or any other date, or the method of 
determining the Scheduled Dissolution Date or any other date, for payment of the 
Dissolution Amount, the Periodic Distribution Amount or any other amount in 
respect of the Trust Certificates, to reduce or cancel the amount of the Dissolution 
Amount, the Periodic Distribution Amount or any other amount payable on any 
date in respect of the Trust Certificates or to change the method of calculating the 
amount of the Dissolution Amount, the Periodic Distribution Amount or any other 
amount payable in respect of the Trust Certificates on any date for any such 
payment; 
(ii) 
to change the currency in which any amount due in respect of the Trust 
Certificates is payable or the place in which any payment is to be made;

--- Page 165 ---
- 148 - 
 
 
(iii) 
to change the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution, a Written 
Resolution or any other resolution of Certificateholders or the number or 
percentage of votes required to be cast, or the number or percentage of Trust 
Certificates required to be held, in connection with the taking of any decision or 
action by or on behalf of the Certificateholders or any of them; 
(iv) 
to change this definition, or the definition of "Extraordinary Resolution", 
"Single Series Extraordinary Resolution", "Multiple Series Single Limb 
Extraordinary Resolution", "Multiple Series Two Limb Extraordinary 
Resolution", "Written Resolution", "Single Series Written Resolution", 
"Multiple Series Single Limb Written Resolution" or "Multiple Series Two 
Limb Written Resolution"; 
(v) 
to change the definition of "securities" or "Securities Capable of Aggregation"; 
(vi) 
to change the definition of "Uniformly Applicable"; 
(vii) 
to change the definition of "outstanding" or to modify the provisions of 
Condition 18(i) (Trust Certificates controlled by the Trustee or the Government); 
(viii) 
to change (A) the legal ranking of the Trust Certificates or (B) to approve such 
other arrangement by way of Extraordinary Resolution of the Certificateholders 
as referred to in Condition 4.2 (Negative Pledge); 
(ix) 
to change any provision of the Trust Certificates describing circumstances in 
which Trust Certificates may be declared due and payable prior to their scheduled 
maturity date, set out in Condition 14 (Dissolution Events); 
(x) 
to change the law governing the Trust Certificates, any of the arrangements 
specified in the Trust Certificates to enable proceedings to be taken or the 
Trustee's waiver of immunity, in respect of actions or proceedings brought by any 
Certificateholder, set out in Condition 26 (Waiver of Immunity); 
(xi) 
to impose any condition on or otherwise change the Trustee's obligation to make 
payments of the Dissolution Amount, the Periodic Distribution Amount or any 
other amount in respect of the Trust Certificates; 
(xii) 
to modify the provisions of this Condition 18(e) (Reserved Matters); 
(xiii) 
to change any of the Government's covenants set out in the Lease Agreement or 
any of its covenants or undertakings to make a payment under any Transaction 
Document to which it is a party; or 
(xiv) 
to exchange or substitute all the Trust Certificates for, or convert all the Trust 
Certificates into, other obligations or securities of the Trustee or the Government 
(as the case may be) or any other Person, or to modify any provision of these 
Conditions in connection with any exchange or substitution of the Trust 
Certificates for, or the conversion of the Trust Certificates into, any other 
obligations or securities of the Trustee or the Government (as the case may be) or 
any other Person, which would result in these Conditions as so modified being 
less favourable to the Certificateholders which are subject to these Conditions as 
so modified than: 
(A) 
the provisions of the other obligations or securities of the Trustee or the 
Government (as the case may be) or any other Person resulting from the 
relevant exchange or substitution or conversion; or 
(B) 
if more than one series of other obligations or securities results from the 
relevant exchange or substitution or conversion, the provisions of the 
resulting series of securities having the largest aggregate face amount.

--- Page 166 ---
- 149 - 
 
 
(f) 
Information: 
Prior to or on the date that the Trustee or the Government or the Delegate (as the case may 
be) proposes any Extraordinary Resolution or Written Resolution pursuant to Condition 
18(b) (Modification of this Series of Trust Certificates only), 18(c) (Multiple Series 
Aggregation – Single limb voting) or 18(d) (Multiple Series Aggregation – Two limb 
voting), the Trustee or the Government (as the case may be) shall publish in accordance 
with Conditions 17 (Notices) and 19 (Aggregation Agent; Aggregation Procedures), and 
provide the Delegate with the following information: 
(i) 
a description of the Trustee's and the Government's economic and financial 
circumstances which are, in the Trustee's or the Government's, as applicable, 
opinion, relevant to the request for any potential modification or action, a 
description of the Trustee's and the Government's existing debts and a description 
of the Government's broad policy reform programme and provisional 
macroeconomic outlook; 
(ii) 
if the Trustee or the Government shall at the time have entered into an 
arrangement for financial assistance with multilateral and/or other major creditors 
or creditor groups and/or an agreement with any such creditors regarding debt 
relief, a description of any such arrangement or agreement. Where permitted 
under the information disclosure policies of the multilateral or such other 
creditors, as applicable, copies of the arrangement or agreement shall be provided; 
(iii) 
a description of the Trustee's and/or the Government's proposed treatment of 
external securities that fall outside the scope of any multiple series aggregation 
and its intentions with respect to any other securities and its other major creditor 
groups; and 
(iv) 
if any proposed modification or action contemplates securities being aggregated 
in more than one group of securities, a description of the proposed treatment of 
each such group, as required for a notice convening a meeting of the 
Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 18(a)(iv)(G) (Convening 
Meetings of Certificateholders; Conduct of Meetings of Certificateholders; 
Written Resolutions). 
(g) 
Claims Valuation: 
For the purpose of calculating the par value of the Trust Certificates and any affected series 
of securities which are to be aggregated with the Trust Certificates in accordance with 
Conditions 18(c) (Multiple Series Aggregation – Single limb voting) and 18(d) (Multiple 
Series Aggregation – Two limb voting), the Trustee or the Government (as the case may 
be) may appoint a calculation agent (in such capacity, the "Calculation Agent"). The 
Trustee or the Government (as the case may be) shall, with the approval of the Aggregation 
Agent and any appointed Calculation Agent, promulgate the methodology in accordance 
with which the Calculation Agent will calculate the par value of the Trust Certificates and 
such affected series of securities. In any such case where a Calculation Agent is appointed, 
the same Person will be appointed as the Calculation Agent for the Trust Certificates and 
each other affected series of securities for these purposes, and the same methodology will 
be promulgated for each affected series of securities. 
(h) 
Manifest error, etc.: 
The Trust Certificates, these Conditions and the provisions of the Declaration of Trust or 
any other Transaction Document can only be amended by the Government and the Trustee 
with the prior written consent of the Delegate and the Delegate may agree, without the 
consent of Certificateholders, to any modification of, or to the waiver or authorisation of 
any breach or proposed breach of, any of the Conditions of the Trust Certificates, these 
Conditions, the Declaration of Trust or any other Transaction Document or determine, 
without any such consent or sanction as aforesaid, that any Dissolution Event or Potential 
Dissolution Event shall not be treated as such if, in the opinion of the Delegate:

--- Page 167 ---
- 150 - 
 
 
(i) 
such modification is of a formal, minor or technical nature; or 
(ii) 
such modification is made to correct a manifest error; or 
(iii) 
such modification, waiver, authorisation or determination is not, in the sole 
opinion of the Delegate, materially prejudicial to the interests of 
Certificateholders and is other than in respect of a Reserved Matter, 
provided that, in the case of (iii) above, no such modification, waiver, authorisation or 
determination may be made in contravention of any express direction by Extraordinary 
Resolution or request in writing by the holders of at least 25 per cent. of the outstanding 
aggregate face amount of Trust Certificates. 
Any such modification, waiver, authorisation or determination may be made on such terms 
and subject to such conditions (if any) as the Delegate may determine, shall be binding 
upon the Certificateholders and shall as soon as practicable thereafter be notified by the 
Trustee to Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices). 
(i) 
Trust Certificates controlled by the Trustee or the Government: 
For the purposes of (a) determining the right to attend and vote at any meeting of 
Certificateholders, or the right to sign or confirm in writing, or authorise the signature of, 
any Written Resolution, (b) this Condition 18 (Meeting of Certificateholders; Written 
Resolutions) and (c) Condition 14 (Dissolution Events), any Trust Certificates which are 
for the time being held by or on behalf of the Trustee, the Government of the Emirate of 
Sharjah, the Sharjah Finance Department, any other public sector instrumentality of the 
Government of the Emirate of Sharjah or by or on behalf of any Person which is owned 
or controlled directly or indirectly by the Trustee, the Government of the Emirate of 
Sharjah, the Sharjah Finance Department or by any other public sector instrumentality of 
the Government of the Emirate of Sharjah shall be disregarded and be deemed not to 
remain outstanding; where: 
(i) 
"public sector instrumentality" means the Sharjah Finance Department, any 
Agency, any other department or ministry of the Government of the Emirate of 
Sharjah or any corporation, trust, financial institution or other entity owned or 
controlled by the Government of the Emirate of Sharjah or any of the foregoing; 
and 
(ii) 
"control" means the power, directly or indirectly, through the ownership of 
voting securities or other ownership interests or through contractual control or 
otherwise, to direct the management of or elect or appoint a majority of the board 
of directors or other Persons performing similar functions in lieu of, or in addition 
to, the board of directors of a corporation, trust, financial institution or other entity. 
A Trust Certificate will also be deemed to be not outstanding if, in accordance with these 
Conditions, the Trust Certificate has previously been cancelled or delivered for 
cancellation or held for reissuance but not reissued, or, where relevant, the Trust 
Certificate has previously been called for redemption in accordance with its terms or 
previously become due and payable at maturity or otherwise and the Trustee or the 
Government (as the case may be) has previously satisfied its obligations to make all 
payments due in respect of the Trust Certificates in accordance with its terms. 
In advance of any meeting of Certificateholders, or in connection with any Written 
Resolution, the Trustee or the Government (as the case may be) shall provide to the 
Delegate a copy of the certificate prepared pursuant to Condition 20(d) (Certification) 
which includes information on the total number of Trust Certificates which are for the 
time being held by or on behalf of the Trustee, the Government, the Sharjah Finance 
Department or any other public sector instrumentality of the Government (as the case may 
be) or by or on behalf of any Person which is owned or controlled directly or indirectly by 
the Trustee, the Government of the Emirate of Sharjah, the Sharjah Finance Department 
or by any other public sector instrumentality of the Government (as the case may be) and, 
as such, such Trust Certificates shall be disregarded and deemed not to remain outstanding

--- Page 168 ---
- 151 - 
 
 
for the purposes of ascertaining the right to attend and vote at any meeting of 
Certificateholders or the right to sign, or authorise the signature of, any Written Resolution 
in respect of any such meeting. The Delegate shall make any such certificate available for 
inspection during normal business hours at its specified office and, upon reasonable 
request, will allow copies of such certificate to be taken. 
(j) 
Publication: 
The Trustee or the Government (as the case may be) shall publish all Extraordinary 
Resolutions and Written Resolutions which have been determined by the Aggregation 
Agent to have been duly passed in accordance with Condition 19(g) (Manner of 
publication). 
(k) 
Exchange and Conversion: 
Any Extraordinary Resolutions or Written Resolutions which have been duly passed and 
which modify any provision of, or action in respect of, these Conditions may be 
implemented at the Trustee's or the Government's (as the case may be) option by way of 
a mandatory exchange or conversion of the Trust Certificates and each other affected 
series of securities, as the case may be, into new Shari'a compliant securities containing 
the modified terms and conditions if the proposed mandatory exchange or conversion of 
the Trust Certificates is notified to Certificateholders at the time notification is given to 
the Certificateholders as to the proposed modification or action. Any such exchange or 
conversion shall be binding on all Certificateholders. 
19. 
Aggregation Agent; Aggregation Procedures 
(a) 
Appointment: 
The Trustee or the Government (as the case may be) will appoint an aggregation agent (in 
such capacity, the "Aggregation Agent") to calculate whether a proposed modification or 
action has been approved by the required face amount outstanding of Trust Certificates 
and, in the case of a multiple series aggregation, by the required face amount of 
outstanding securities of each affected series of securities. In the case of a multiple series 
aggregation, the same Person will be appointed as the Aggregation Agent for the proposed 
modification of any provision of, or any action in respect of, these Conditions or the 
Transaction Documents in respect of the Trust Certificates and in respect of the terms and 
conditions or securities documentation in respect of each other affected series of securities. 
The Aggregation Agent shall be independent of the Trustee and the Government. 
(b) 
Extraordinary Resolutions: 
If an Extraordinary Resolution has been proposed at a duly convened meeting of 
Certificateholders to modify any provision of, or action in respect of, these Conditions and 
other affected series of securities, as the case may be, the Aggregation Agent will, as soon 
as practicable after the time the vote is cast, calculate whether holders of a sufficient 
portion of the aggregate face amount of the outstanding Trust Certificates and, where 
relevant, each other affected series of securities, have voted in favour of the Extraordinary 
Resolution such that the Extraordinary Resolution is passed. If so, the Aggregation Agent 
will determine that the Extraordinary Resolution has been duly passed. 
(c) 
Written Resolutions: 
If a Written Resolution has been proposed under these Conditions to modify any provision 
of, or action in respect of, these Conditions and the terms and conditions of other affected 
series of securities, as the case may be, the Aggregation Agent will, as soon as reasonably 
practicable after the relevant Written Resolution has been signed or confirmed in writing, 
calculate whether holders of a sufficient portion of the aggregate face amount of the 
outstanding Trust Certificates and, where relevant, each other affected series of securities, 
have signed or confirmed in writing in favour of the Written Resolution such that the 
Written Resolution is passed. If so, the Aggregation Agent will determine that the Written 
Resolution has been duly passed.

--- Page 169 ---
- 152 - 
 
 
(d) 
Certificate: 
For the purposes of Conditions 19(b) (Extraordinary Resolutions) and 19(c) (Written 
Resolutions), the Trustee and the Government will provide a certificate to the Aggregation 
Agent up to three days prior to, and in any case no later than, with respect to an 
Extraordinary Resolution, the date of the meeting referred to in Condition 18(b) 
(Modification of this Series of Trust Certificates only), 18(c) (Multiple Series Aggregation 
– Single limb voting) or 18(d) (Multiple Series Aggregation – Two limb voting), as 
applicable, and, with respect to a Written Resolution, the date arranged for the signing of 
the Written Resolution. The certificate shall: 
(i) 
list the total face amount of Trust Certificates and, in the case of a multiple series 
aggregation, the total face amount of each other affected series of securities 
outstanding on the Record Date; and 
(ii) 
clearly indicate the Trust Certificates and, in the case of a multiple series 
aggregation, securities of each other affected series of securities which shall be 
disregarded and deemed not to remain outstanding as a consequence of Condition 
18(i) (Trust Certificates controlled by the Trustee or the Government) on the 
Record Date identifying the holders of the Trust Certificates and, in the case of a 
multiple series aggregation, securities of each other affected series of securities. 
The Aggregation Agent may rely upon the terms of any certificate, notice, communication 
or other document believed by it to be genuine. 
(e) 
Notification: 
The Aggregation Agent will cause each determination made by it for the purposes of this 
Condition 19 (Aggregation Agent; Aggregation Procedures) to be notified to the Delegate, 
the Trustee and the Government as soon as practicable after such determination. Notice 
thereof shall also promptly be given to the Certificateholders by the Trustee or the 
Government in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices). 
(f) 
Binding nature of determinations; no Liability: 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 19 
(Aggregation Agent; Aggregation Procedures) by the Aggregation Agent and any 
appointed Calculation Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the 
Trustee, the Government, the Delegate and the Certificateholders and (subject as 
aforesaid) no Liability to any such Person will attach to the Aggregation Agent or the 
Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, 
duties and discretions for such purposes. 
(g) 
Manner of publication: 
The Trustee and the Government will publish all notices and other matters required to be 
published pursuant to the Declaration of Trust including any matters required to be 
published pursuant to Conditions 14 (Dissolution Events), Condition 18 (Meetings of 
Certificateholders; Written Resolutions) and this Condition 19 (Aggregation Agent; 
Aggregation Procedures): 
(i) 
through Euroclear, Clearstream Luxembourg and/or any other clearing system in 
which the Trust Certificates are held (as applicable); 
(ii) 
in such other places and in such other manner as may be required by applicable 
law or regulation; and 
(iii) 
in such other places and in such other manner as may be customary.

--- Page 170 ---
- 153 - 
 
 
20. 
Certificateholders' Committee 
(a) 
Appointment: 
(i) 
Holders of at least 25 per cent. of the aggregate face amount of all outstanding 
series of securities (taken in aggregate) issued by the Trustee or the Government 
(the "Relevant Securities") may, by notice in writing to the Trustee and the 
Government (with a copy to the Delegate), appoint any person or persons as a 
committee to represent the interests of such holders (as well as the interests of any 
holders of outstanding securities who wish to be represented by such a committee) 
if any of the following events has occurred: 
(A) 
a Dissolution Event or a Potential Dissolution Event; 
(B) 
any public announcement by the Trustee or the Government (as the case 
may be), to the effect that the Trustee or the Government (as the case 
may be) is seeking or intends to seek a rescheduling or restructuring of 
the Trust Certificates or any other Relevant Securities (whether by 
amendment, exchange offer or otherwise); or 
(C) 
with the agreement of the Government, at a time when the Government 
has reasonably reached the conclusion that its debt may no longer be 
sustainable whilst the Trust Certificates or any other Relevant Securities 
are outstanding. 
(ii) 
Upon receipt of a written notice that a committee has been appointed in 
accordance with Condition 20(a)(i) (Appointment) and a certificate delivered 
pursuant to Condition 20(d) (Certification), the Government or the Trustee shall 
give notice of the appointment of such a committee to: 
(A) 
the Delegate and all Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 17 
(Notices); and 
(B) 
the holders of each series of Relevant Securities in accordance with the 
terms and conditions of each such series of Relevant Securities, 
as soon as practicable after such written notice and such certificate are delivered. 
(b) 
Powers: 
Such committee in its discretion may, among other things: 
(i) 
engage legal advisers and financial advisers to assist it in representing the interests 
of the holders of all series of Relevant Securities (including the 
Certificateholders); 
(ii) 
adopt such rules as it considers appropriate regarding its proceedings; 
(iii) 
enter into discussions with the Trustee and/or the Government and/or other 
creditors of the Trustee and/or the Government; and 
(iv) 
designate one or more members of the committee to act as the main point(s) of 
contact with the Trustee and/or the Government and provide all relevant contact 
details to the Trustee and/or the Government. 
Except to the extent provided in this Condition 20(b), such committee shall not have the 
ability to exercise any powers or discretions which the holders of all series of Relevant 
Securities (including the Certificateholders) could themselves exercise.

--- Page 171 ---
- 154 - 
 
 
(c) 
Engagement with the committee and provision of information: 
(i) 
Each of the Trustee and the Government shall: 
(A) 
subject to paragraph (B) immediately below, engage with the committee 
in good faith; 
(B) 
provide the committee with information equivalent to that required under 
Condition 18(f) (Information) and related proposals, if any, in each case 
as the same become available, subject to any applicable information 
disclosure policies, rules and regulations; and 
(C) 
pay any reasonable fees and expenses of any such committee (including 
without limitation, the reasonable and documented fees and expenses of 
the committee's legal and financial advisers, if any) following receipt of 
reasonably detailed invoices and supporting documentation. 
(ii) 
If more than one committee has been appointed by holders of one or more series 
of Relevant Securities in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 20 
(Certificateholders' Committee) and/or equivalent provisions set out in the terms 
and conditions of any such Relevant Securities, neither the Trustee nor the 
Government shall be obliged to engage with such committees separately. Such 
committees may appoint a single steering group (to be comprised of 
representatives from such committees), whereupon the Trustee and the 
Government shall engage with such steering group. 
(d) 
Certification: 
Upon the appointment of a committee, the person or persons constituting such a committee 
(the "Members") will provide a certificate to the Trustee, the Government and to the 
Delegate signed by the authorised representatives of the Members, and the Trustee, the 
Government and the Delegate may rely upon the terms of such certificate conclusively 
and without any Liability therefor. 
The certificate shall certify: 
(i) 
that the committee has been appointed; 
(ii) 
the identity of the Members; and 
(iii) 
that such appointment complies with the terms and conditions of the relevant 
securities documentation. 
Promptly after any change in the identity of the Members, a new certificate which each of 
the Trustee, the Government and the Delegate may rely on conclusively (and without any 
Liability therefor), will be delivered to the Trustee, the Government and the Delegate 
identifying the new Members. Each of the Trustee, the Government and the Delegate will 
assume that the membership of the committee has not changed unless and until it has 
received a new certificate. 
The provisions of this Condition 20(d) shall apply, mutatis mutandis, to any steering group 
appointed in accordance with Condition 20(c)(ii) (Engagement with the committee and 
provision of information). 
In appointing a person or persons as a committee to represent the interests of the 
Certificateholders, the Certificateholders may instruct a representative or representatives 
of the committee to form a separate committee or to join a steering group with any person 
or persons appointed for similar purposes by other series of Relevant Securities.

--- Page 172 ---
- 155 - 
 
 
21. 
Indemnification and Liability of the Delegate 
21.1 
The Declaration of Trust contains provisions for the indemnification of the Delegate in certain 
circumstances and for its relief from responsibility, including provisions relieving it from taking 
action unless indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction. 
21.2 
The Delegate makes no representation and assumes no responsibility for the validity, sufficiency 
or enforceability of the obligations of the Government (acting in any capacity) under any 
Transaction Document and shall not under any circumstances have any Liability or be obliged to 
account to the Certificateholders in respect of any payment which should have been made by the 
Government (acting in any capacity), but is not so made, and shall not in any circumstances have 
any Liability arising from the Trust Assets other than as expressly provided in these Conditions or 
in the Declaration of Trust. 
21.3 
Each of the Delegate and the Trustee is exempted from (a) any Liability in respect of any loss or 
theft of the Trust Assets or any cash, (b) any obligation to insure the Trust Assets or any cash and 
(c) any claim arising from the fact that the Trust Assets or any cash are held by or on behalf of the 
Trustee or on deposit or in an account with any depositary or clearing system or are registered in 
the name of the Trustee or its nominee, unless such loss or theft arises as a result of wilful default, 
gross negligence or fraud of the Delegate or the Trustee, as the case may be. 
22. 
Currency Indemnity 
The Specified Currency is the sole currency of account and payment for all sums payable by the 
Trustee under or in connection with the Trust Certificates, including damages. Any amount 
received or recovered in a currency other than the Specified Currency (whether as a result of, or of 
the enforcement of, a judgment or order of a court of any jurisdiction or otherwise) by any 
Certificateholder in respect of any sum expressed to be due to it from the Trustee shall only 
constitute a discharge to the Trustee to the extent of the Specified Currency amount which the 
recipient is able to purchase with the amount so received or recovered in that other currency on the 
date of that receipt or recovery (or, if it is not practicable to make that purchase on that date, on the 
first date on which it is practicable to do so). If that Specified Currency amount is less than the 
Specified Currency amount expressed to be due to the recipient under any Trust Certificate, the 
Trustee shall indemnify it against any loss sustained by it as a result. In any event, the Trustee shall 
indemnify the recipient against the cost of making any such purchase. For the purposes of this 
Condition 22, it will be sufficient for the Certificateholder to demonstrate that it would have 
suffered a loss had an actual purchase been made. These indemnities constitute a separate and 
independent obligation from the Trustee's other obligations, shall give rise to a separate and 
independent cause of action, shall apply irrespective of any indulgence granted by any 
Certificateholder and shall continue in full force and effect despite any other judgment, order, claim 
or proof for a liquidated amount in respect of any sum due under any Trust Certificate or any other 
judgment or order. 
23. 
Further Issues 
In respect of any Series, the Trustee shall, subject to and in accordance with the Declaration of 
Trust, be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Certificateholders to create and 
issue additional Trust Certificates having the same terms and conditions as the outstanding Trust 
Certificates of such Series (or terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the 
date and amount of the first payment of the Periodic Distribution Amount and the date from which 
Periodic Distribution Amounts start to accrue), and so that the same shall be consolidated and form 
a single Series with the outstanding Trust Certificates of such Series. Any additional Trust 
Certificates which are to form a single Series with the outstanding Trust Certificates previously 
constituted by the Declaration of Trust shall be constituted by a deed supplemental to the 
Declaration of Trust. References in these Conditions to the Trust Certificates include (unless the 
context requires otherwise) any other trust certificates issued pursuant to this Condition and 
forming a single series with the outstanding Trust Certificates. 
24. 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
No Person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of the Trust Certificates under the 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999.

--- Page 173 ---
- 156 - 
 
 
25. 
Governing Law and Dispute Resolution 
25.1 
Governing Law: The Declaration of Trust (including these Conditions), the Agency Agreement, 
the Servicing Agency Agreement, the Master Murabaha Agreement, the Purchase Undertaking, 
the Sale and Substitution Undertaking and the Trust Certificates and any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with the same are and shall be governed by, and 
construed in accordance with, English law. 
25.2 
Arbitration: The Delegate, the Trustee and the Government have in the Declaration of Trust agreed 
that, subject to the provisions of Condition 25.3 (Option to Litigate), any dispute, claim, difference 
or controversy arising out of, relating to or having connection with the Declaration of Trust and/or 
the Trust Certificates (which includes these Conditions and this Condition 25.2) (including any 
dispute as to their existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach or termination of the 
Declaration of Trust or the consequences of their nullity and any dispute relating to any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them) (a "Dispute") shall be referred 
to and finally resolved by arbitration in accordance with the Arbitration Rules of the LCIA (the 
"Rules"), which Rules (as amended from time to time) are incorporated by reference into this 
Condition 25 (Governing Law and Dispute Resolution). For these purposes: 
(a) 
the seat of arbitration shall be London; 
(b) 
there shall be three arbitrators, each of whom shall be an attorney experienced in 
international securities transactions. The claimant(s), irrespective of number, shall 
nominate jointly one arbitrator; the respondent(s), irrespective of number, shall nominate 
jointly the second arbitrator, and a third arbitrator (who shall act as presiding arbitrator) 
shall be nominated by the arbitrators nominated by or on behalf of the claimant(s) and 
respondent(s) or, in the absence of agreement on the third arbitrator within 30 days of the 
date of nomination of the later of the two party-nominated arbitrators to be nominated, the 
third arbitrator shall be chosen by the LCIA Court (as defined in the Rules); and 
(c) 
the language of the arbitration shall be English. 
25.3 
Option to Litigate: Notwithstanding the agreement described in Condition 25.2 (Arbitration), the 
Delegate may, in the alternative and at its sole discretion, by notice in writing to the Trustee and 
the Government in accordance with the Declaration of Trust: 
(a) 
within 28 days of service of a Request for Arbitration (as defined in the Rules); or 
(b) 
if no arbitration has commenced, 
require that the Dispute be heard by a court of law (a "Notice to Litigate"). If the Delegate gives 
a Notice to Litigate, the Dispute to which such notice refers shall be determined in the manner 
described in Condition 25.4 and any arbitration commenced under Condition 25.2 (Arbitration) in 
respect of that Dispute will be terminated. Each of the parties to the terminated arbitration will bear 
its own costs in relation thereto (other than the Delegate whose costs will be borne by the 
Government). 
25.4 
Effect of exercise of option to litigate: If a Notice to Litigate is given pursuant to Condition 25.3 
(Option to Litigate), the following provisions shall apply: 
(a) 
subject to paragraph (c) below, the courts of England shall have exclusive jurisdiction to 
settle any Dispute and each of the Trustee and the Government have in the Declaration of 
Trust submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts; 
(b) 
each of the Trustee and the Government have agreed that the courts of England are the 
most appropriate and convenient courts to settle any Dispute and, accordingly, that they 
will not argue to the contrary; and 
(c) 
this Condition 25.4 is for the benefit of the Delegate for and on behalf of the 
Certificateholders only. As a result, and notwithstanding paragraphs (a) and (b) above, the 
Delegate may take proceedings relating to a Dispute ("Proceedings") in any other courts 
with jurisdiction and, to the extent allowed by law, may take concurrent Proceedings in 
any number of jurisdictions.

--- Page 174 ---
- 157 - 
 
 
26. 
Waiver of Immunity 
Under the Declaration of Trust, the Government and the Trustee has agreed that, to the extent that 
it may claim for itself or its assets or revenues immunity from jurisdiction, enforcement, 
prejudgment proceedings, injunctions and all other legal or arbitral proceedings and relief and to 
the extent that such immunity (whether or not claimed) may be attributed to it or its assets or 
revenues, it will not claim and has irrevocably and unconditionally waived such immunity to the 
full extent permitted by the laws of that jurisdiction in relation to any Proceedings or Disputes. 
Further, each of the Government and the Trustee has irrevocably and unconditionally consented to 
the giving of any relief or the issue of any legal or arbitral proceedings, including, without 
limitation, jurisdiction, enforcement, prejudgment proceedings and injunctions in connection with 
any Proceedings or Disputes.  
27. 
Waiver of Interest 
27.1 
Each of the Trustee, the Government and the Delegate has in the Declaration of Trust irrevocably 
agreed that no interest will be payable or receivable under or in connection therewith and each 
party agrees that it will not claim any interest in respect of any proceedings brought by or on behalf 
of a party under the Declaration of Trust, any other Transaction Document or these Conditions. 
27.2 
If it is determined that any interest is payable or receivable in connection therewith by a party, 
whether as a result of any arbitral award or by operation of any applicable law or otherwise, such 
party has agreed to waive any rights it may have to claim or receive such interest and has agreed 
that if any such interest is actually received by it, it shall promptly donate the same to a registered 
or otherwise officially recognised charitable organisation. 
27.3 
For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Condition 27 shall be construed as a waiver of rights in 
respect of any Periodic Distribution Amounts, Required Amounts, Rentals, Dissolution Amounts, 
Exercise Price, Certificateholder Put Right Exercise Price, Tangibility Event Certificateholder Put 
Right Exercise Price, Full Reinstatement Value, Loss Shortfall Amount, Deferred Sale Price, 
Instalment Amount, Profit Amounts or profit or principal or other amount payable of any kind 
howsoever described payable by the Government (in any capacity) or the Trustee (in any capacity) 
pursuant to the Transaction Documents and/or these Conditions, howsoever such amounts may be 
described or re-characterised by any court or arbitral tribunal. 
28. 
Agent for Service of Process 
Each of the Government and the Trustee has irrevocably appointed Maples and Calder at its 
registered office at 6th Floor, DUO, 280 Bishopsgate, London EC2M 4RB, England, United 
Kingdom to receive, for it and on its behalf, service of process in respect of any Proceedings or 
Disputes in England. Such service shall be deemed completed on delivery to such process agent 
(whether or not it is forwarded to and received by the Government or the Trustee). If for any reason 
such agent shall cease to be such agent for service of process, the Government and/or the Trustee 
(as applicable) shall forthwith appoint a new agent for service of process in England and notify the 
Delegate and the Certificateholders of such appointment (in accordance with Condition 17 
(Notices)) within 30 days. Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve process in any other manner 
permitted by law.

--- Page 175 ---
- 158 - 
 
 
SUMMARY OF THE PRINCIPAL TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS 
The following is a summary of certain provisions of the principal Transaction Documents. Copies of the 
Transaction Documents will be available for inspection and/or collection at the specified office of the 
Principal Paying Agent (as defined in the Conditions). Words and expressions defined in the Conditions 
shall have the meanings in this summary. 
The Master Declaration of Trust 
The Master Declaration of Trust was entered into on 1 July 2024 between the Trustee, the Government and 
the Delegate and is governed by English law. Pursuant to the Master Declaration of Trust, a Supplemental 
Declaration of Trust between the same parties will be entered into on the Issue Date of each Tranche of 
Trust Certificates and will also be governed by English law. 
Upon issue of any Series of Trust Certificates, the Master Declaration of Trust and each relevant 
Supplemental Declaration of Trust shall together constitute the trust over the relevant Trust Assets declared 
by the Trustee in relation to such Series. 
The Trust Assets in respect of each Series of Trust Certificates comprise, inter alia, the rights, title and 
interest, present and future, of the Trustee in, to and under the Lease Asset(s), the rights, title, interest and 
benefit, present and future, of the Trustee in, to and under the Transaction Documents (excluding: (i) any 
representations given by the Government to the Trustee and the Delegate pursuant to the Transaction 
Documents; and (ii) the covenant given to the Trustee pursuant to clause 15.1 of the Master Declaration of 
Trust) and all monies standing to the credit of the relevant Transaction Account from time to time. 
Pursuant to the Declaration of Trust, the Trustee will agree to act for and on behalf of the Certificateholders 
and, inter alia, in relation to each Tranche of Trust Certificates: 
(a) 
hold the relevant Trust Assets on trust absolutely for the Certificateholders as beneficial tenants in 
common pro rata according to the face amount of Trust Certificates held by each Certificateholder; 
and 
(b) 
act as trustee in respect of such Trust Assets, distribute the income from such Trust Assets and 
perform its duties in accordance with the provisions of the Declaration of Trust. 
Each Declaration of Trust will specify, inter alia, that in relation to each Series: 
(a) 
no recourse shall be had for the payment of any amount under the Declaration of Trust or under 
any relevant Transaction Document, whether for the payment of any fee, indemnity or other 
amount under the Declaration of Trust or any other obligation or claim arising out of or based upon 
the Transaction Documents, against the Trustee (and/or its directors, officers, or administrators), 
the Delegate, any Agent or any of their respective agents or affiliates to the extent the Trust Assets 
have been exhausted following which all obligations of the Trustee, the Delegate, any Agents and 
their respective agents or affiliates shall be extinguished; 
(b) 
the Trustee may from time to time (but always subject to the provisions of the Declaration of Trust), 
without the consent of the Certificateholders, create and issue additional Trust Certificates having 
the same terms and conditions as the outstanding Trust Certificates of such Series (or terms and 
conditions that are the same in all respects save for the date and amount of the first payment of the 
Periodic Distribution Amount and the date from which Periodic Distribution Amounts start to 
accrue), and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single series, with the outstanding 
Trust Certificates of such Series, and that any additional Trust Certificates which are to be created 
and issued so as to form a single series with the outstanding Trust Certificates of a particular Series 
shall be constituted by a Supplemental Declaration of Trust in relation to which all applicable 
stamp duties or other documentation fees, duties or taxes have been paid and, if applicable, duly 
stamped and containing such other provisions as are necessary (including making such 
consequential modifications to the Master Declaration of Trust) in order to give effect to the issue 
of such additional Trust Certificates; and 
(c) 
on the date upon which any additional Trust Certificates are created and issued pursuant to the 
provisions pursuant to the provisions described in paragraph (b) above, a Supplemental Purchase 
Agreement will be entered into by the Government (in its capacity as seller) and the Trustee (in its

--- Page 176 ---
- 159 - 
 
 
capacity as purchaser) for the sale, transfer and conveyance of rights, title and interests, in, to and 
under the relevant Additional Asset(s). The Trustee will execute a Declaration of Commingling of 
Assets for and on behalf of the holders of the existing Trust Certificates and the holders of such 
additional Trust Certificates so created and issued, declaring that the Additional Asset(s) (as set 
out in the relevant Declaration of Commingling of Assets) and the Lease Asset(s) in respect of the 
relevant Series as in existence immediately prior to the creation and issue of the additional Trust 
Certificates and the investments made pursuant to the Master Murabaha Agreement (and all rights 
arising under or with respect to such investments made pursuant to the Master Murabaha 
Agreement) in respect of the relevant Series are commingled and shall collectively comprise part 
of the Trust Assets for the benefit of the holders of the existing Trust Certificates and the holders 
of such additional Trust Certificates as tenants in common pro rata according to the face amount 
of Trust Certificates held by each Certificateholder, in accordance with the Declaration of Trust. 
In the Declaration of Trust, the Trustee will irrevocably and unconditionally appoint the Delegate to, inter 
alia, exercise all the present and future powers, trusts, rights, authorities and discretions (including but not 
limited to the authority to request instructions from any Certificateholders and the power to sub-delegate 
and to make any determinations to be made under the Declaration of Trust) vested in the Trustee by the 
relevant provisions of the Declaration of Trust. The appointment of the Delegate by the Trustee is intended 
to be in the interests of the Certificateholders and, subject as provided in the Declaration of Trust, does not 
affect the Trustee's continuing role and obligations as trustee of the trusts created pursuant to the Master 
Declaration of Trust. 
In the Declaration of Trust the Delegate will undertake that, inter alia, if it has actual knowledge or express 
notice pursuant to the Declaration of Trust of the occurrence of a Dissolution Event in respect of any Trust 
Certificates and subject to Condition 14 (Dissolution Events): (i) it shall, as soon as reasonably practicable, 
notify the Certificateholders of the occurrence of such Dissolution Event in accordance with Condition 17 
(Notices) with a request to such holders to indicate whether they wish the Trust Certificates to become 
immediately due and payable; and (ii) if so requested in writing by Certificateholders representing not less 
than 25 per cent. in aggregate face amount of the Trust Certificates for the time being outstanding (subject 
to being indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction), or if the Delegate decides in its 
discretion, it shall give notice to the Trustee, the Government and the Certificateholders in accordance with 
Condition 17 (Notices) that the Trust Certificates are to be redeemed on the Dissolution Event Redemption 
Date specified in such notice at the Dissolution Event Amount specified in, or determined in the manner 
specified in, the applicable Final Terms, together with all unpaid Periodic Distribution Amounts (if any) 
accrued to (but excluding) the Dissolution Event Redemption Date.  
A non-interest bearing Transaction Account in London will be established in the name of the Trustee in 
respect of each Series of Trust Certificates. Monies received in the Transaction Account in respect of each 
Series will, inter alia, comprise payments corresponding to Periodic Distribution Amounts and/or 
Dissolution Amounts immediately prior to each Periodic Distribution Date and/or any Dissolution Date, as 
the case may be. The Master Declaration of Trust provides that all moneys standing to the credit of the 
Transaction Account from time to time in respect of each Series will be applied in the manner set out in 
Condition 5 (The Trust). 
In the Master Declaration of Trust, the Government has undertaken that if, at the time of delivery of the 
Exercise Notice in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase Undertaking, the Government remains 
in actual or constructive possession, custody or control of all or any part of the Lease Assets, the 
Certificateholder Put Right Lease Assets or the Tangibility Event Certificateholder Put Right Lease Assets 
(each as defined in the Purchase Undertaking), as the case may be; and (iii) if, following delivery of the 
Exercise Notice in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase Undertaking, the Exercise Price, the 
Certificateholder Put Right Exercise Price or the Tangibility Event Certificateholder Put Right Exercise 
Price, as the case may be, is not paid in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase Undertaking for 
any reason whatsoever, the Government shall (as an independent, severable and separately enforceable 
obligation) fully indemnify the Trustee for the purpose of redemption in full of the Trust Certificates then 
outstanding or the Certificateholder Put Right Trust Certificates or the Tangibility Event Certificateholder 
Put Right Certificates (each as defined in the Purchase Undertaking), as the case may be, and, accordingly, 
the amount payable under any such indemnity claim will equal the Exercise Price, the Certificateholder Put 
Right Exercise Price or Tangibility Event Certificateholder Put Right Exercise Price, as the case may be.  
The Government has further undertaken that, if the outstanding Deferred Sale Price is not paid on the 
relevant Dissolution Date in accordance with the provisions of the Master Murabaha Agreement for any 
reason whatsoever, the Government shall (as an independent, severable and separately enforceable

--- Page 177 ---
- 160 - 
 
 
obligation) fully indemnify the Trustee for the purpose of redemption in full of the Trust Certificates then 
outstanding and, accordingly, the amount payable under any such indemnity claim will equal the 
outstanding Deferred Sale Price. 
In addition, if the Trustee fails to comply with any obligation to pay additional amounts pursuant to 
Condition 12 (Taxation), the Government has undertaken that it will unconditionally and irrevocably 
(irrespective of the payment of any fee), as a continuing obligation, pay to or to the order of the Delegate 
(for the benefit of the Certificateholders) an amount equal to the liability of the Trustee in respect of any 
and all additional amounts required to be paid by the Trustee in respect of the Trust Certificates pursuant 
to Condition 12 (Taxation). 
Master Purchase Agreement 
The Master Purchase Agreement was entered into on 1 July 2024 between the Trustee (in its capacity as 
purchaser), the Government (in its capacity as seller) and the Delegate and is governed by the laws of the 
Emirate of Sharjah and, to the extent applicable in the Emirate of Sharjah, the federal laws of the United 
Arab Emirates. A Supplemental Purchase Agreement between the same parties will be entered into on the 
Issue Date of the relevant Tranche (including any additional Tranche of Trust Certificates issued pursuant 
to Condition 23 (Further Issues) (an "Additional Tranche")) of Trust Certificates and will also be 
governed by the laws of the Emirate of Sharjah and, to the extent applicable in the Emirate of Sharjah, the 
federal laws of the United Arab Emirates. 
Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the Government (in its capacity as seller) may, from time to time, sell, 
transfer and convey to the Trustee (in its capacity as purchaser), and the Trustee may, from time to time, 
purchase and accept the transfer and conveyance from the Government of, all of the Government's rights, 
title and interests in, to and under (a) on the Issue Date of the first Tranche of a Series, the relevant Asset(s); 
and (b) on the Issue Date of any Additional Tranche, the "Additional Asset(s)", in each case pursuant to a 
Supplemental Purchase Agreement which will, among other things, specify the Asset(s) or Additional 
Asset(s), as the case may be, being sold and the price to be paid for them. 
Master Lease Agreement 
The Master Lease Agreement was entered into on 1 July 2024 between the Trustee (in its capacity as lessor), 
the Government (in its capacity as lessee) and the Delegate and is governed by the laws of the Emirate of 
Sharjah and, to the extent applicable in the Emirate of Sharjah, the federal laws of the United Arab Emirates. 
A Supplemental Lease Agreement between the same parties will be entered into on the Issue Date of the 
first Tranche of a Series and will also be governed by the laws of the Emirate of Sharjah and, to the extent 
applicable in the Emirate of Sharjah, the federal laws of the United Arab Emirates. 
Pursuant to the Lease Agreement, the Trustee (in its capacity as lessor) may, from time to time, agree to 
lease to the Government (in its capacity as lessee), and the Government may, from time to time, agree to 
lease from the Trustee, certain Lease Asset(s) during renewable rental periods commencing on the Lease 
Commencement Date (which shall be the relevant Issue Date) and extending to the Scheduled Dissolution 
Date (unless the relevant Supplemental Lease Agreement is terminated earlier in accordance with its terms 
or extended in accordance with the Purchase Undertaking). 
No later than two business days prior to the completion of each rental period the Trustee (in its capacity as 
lessor) (or its agent) shall send a rental notice to the Government (in its capacity as lessee). Such rental 
notice shall be irrevocable and the Government (in its capacity as lessee) agrees that, unless it rejects such 
notice prior to 5:00pm on the Business Day immediately following the day on which such Rental Notice is 
sent by the Lessor (in which case it acknowledges that it will be in breach of its undertaking to irrevocably 
and unconditionally lease from the Trustee (in its capacity as lessor) for the lease term) it will be deemed 
to have accepted each such rental notice as and when delivered. Where there is any delay or failure by the 
Trustee (in its capacity as lessor) in delivering a rental notice, the Rental for the relevant rental period shall 
accrue at the same rate as the Rental for the immediately preceding rental period. 
On each "Additional Servicing Agency Expenses Request Date" (being the date on which the 
Government (in its capacity as servicing agent) submit to the Trustee (in its capacity as lessor) or its agent 
a request for the Trustee's (in its capacity as lessor) approval of the Government (in its capacity as servicing 
agent) incurring or paying any proposed liability comprising an additional servicing agency expense), the 
Trustee (in its capacity as lessor) (or its agent) shall notify the Government (in its capacity as lessee) in 
writing that it is requested to pay to the Trustee (in its capacity as lessor) on the first business day of the

--- Page 178 ---
- 161 - 
 
 
first rental period commencing after the Additional Servicing Agency Expenses Request Date an amount 
of additional supplementary rental in respect of that rental period (as shall also be specified in the relevant 
rental notice) equal to the relevant additional servicing agency expenses proposed to be incurred in the 
rental period in which such Additional Servicing Agency Expenses Request Date falls. Such notice shall 
be irrevocable and the Government (in its capacity as lessee) hereby agrees that, unless it rejects such notice 
on such Additional Servicing Agency Expenses Request Date (in which case it acknowledges that such 
rejection will constitute a Government Event), it will be deemed to have approved such notice as and when 
delivered and agreed to pay the requested amount of additional supplementary rental in accordance with 
such notice and the relevant rental notice. 
The Government (in its capacity as lessee) will agree to use the relevant Lease Asset(s) at its own risk. 
Accordingly, the Government shall from the date of the relevant Supplemental Lease Agreement bear the 
entire risk of loss of or damage to the relevant Lease Asset(s) or any part thereof arising from the usage or 
operation thereof by it to the extent that such loss or damage has resulted from the Government's gross 
negligence, wilful default, actual fraud, or breach of its obligations under the relevant Supplemental Lease 
Agreement. In addition, the Trustee (as lessor) shall not be liable (and the Government (as lessee) will 
waive any claim or right, howsoever arising, to the contrary) for any indirect, consequential or other losses, 
howsoever arising, in connection with the Government's use or operation of the relevant Lease Asset(s). 
If a Total Loss Event shall occur with respect to the Lease Asset(s), without prejudice to any right or remedy 
the Trustee (as lessor) may have under any Transaction Document or by law: (a) the Supplemental Lease 
Agreement and the Lease shall automatically terminate; (b) further Rental payments shall cease to be due 
under the Supplemental Lease Agreement on the date of occurrence of the Total Loss Event (provided that 
Rental payments shall resume if the Lease Asset(s) have been replaced pursuant to the Servicing Agency 
Agreement by the 60th day following such Total Loss Event); and (c) the Trustee (as lessor) will be entitled 
to all proceeds of the Insurances payable as a result of the Total Loss Event. The Government (as lessee) 
agrees to pay Rental which would have accrued had such Total Loss Event not occurred as forward (or 
advance) rental payments from the date of occurrence of the Total Loss Event to the date of the lease 
agreement referred to in Clause 11.2.2 of the Supplemental Lease Agreement or the Dissolution Date, as 
the case may be. The Government (as lessee) will be reimbursed for such forward (or advance) rental 
payment from the proceeds of Insurances procured by the Servicing Agent pursuant to the Servicing 
Agency Agreement, failing which, from the Loss Shortfall Amount; and provided that the Lease Asset(s) 
have been replaced pursuant to the Servicing Agency Agreement by the 60th day following such Total Loss 
Event), the Government (as lessee) grants to the Trustee (as lessor) the right, and the Trustee may exercise 
the right granted by the Government, to require the Government to enter into a supplemental lease 
agreement substantially in the form set out in Schedule 1 to the Master Lease Agreement to reflect the 
Replacement Lease Asset(s).  
If a Partial Loss Event shall occur with respect to any of the Lease Assets and provided that: 
(d) 
the Lease Assets have not been replaced pursuant to the Servicing Agency Agreement and a notice 
of termination of the Lease on the 61st day after the Partial Loss Event Date (a "Partial Loss 
Termination Notice") has been delivered by the Government (in its capacity as lessee) to the 
Trustee (as lessor) within a period of 30 days after the Partial Loss Event Date; or 
(e) 
such Lease Assets have not been replaced pursuant to the Servicing Agency Agreement, 
without prejudice to any right or remedy that the Trustee (as lessor) may have under any Transaction 
Document or by law, the Lease shall automatically terminate on the 61st day after the Partial Loss Event 
Date (the "Partial Loss Termination Date") in accordance with the Lease Agreement and further rental 
payments shall cease to be due under the Lease Agreement on such Partial Loss Termination Date in 
accordance with the Lease Agreement subject to the Government's (in its capacity as lessee) right to make 
a Rental Reimbursement Request (as defined below) and the Trustee (as lessor) will be entitled to all 
proceeds of the insurances payable as a result of the Partial Loss Event.  
For the avoidance of doubt, if the Government (in its capacity as lessee) does not issue a Partial Loss 
Termination Notice within 30 days of the Partial Loss Event Date, or it expressly waives such right, it shall 
be not be entitled to exercise such right thereafter. 
 
By no later than the 60th day after the Partial Loss Event Date, the Government (in its capacity as lessee) 
may request a proportionate reduction in Rental by way of reimbursement of the Rental applicable to the 
period from and including the Partial Loss Event Date to but excluding the earlier of: (a) the date on which

--- Page 179 ---
- 162 - 
 
 
the relevant Lease Assets are replaced pursuant to the Servicing Agency Agreement; and (b) the 61st day 
after the Partial Loss Event Date to take into account the impairment suffered in relation to the Impaired 
Lease Assets (the "Rental Reimbursement Amount"), (such request, being a "Rental Reimbursement 
Request"). If a Rental Reimbursement Request is made in accordance with this paragraph, the Trustee (in 
its capacity as lessor) shall procure the payment of the Rental Reimbursement Amount by the Government 
(in its capacity as servicing agent) (on its behalf) to the Government (in its capacity as lessee) from only: 
(a) the proceeds of any Insurances paid in accordance with the Servicing Agency Agreement and/or (b) (to 
the extent the proceeds of such Insurances (if any) are insufficient) any Loss Shortfall Amount paid in 
accordance with clause 5 of the Servicing Agency Agreement, on the 61st day after the Partial Loss Event 
Date. For the avoidance of doubt, if the Government (in its capacity as lessee) does not make a Rental 
Reimbursement Request on or prior to the 60th day after the Partial Loss Event Date or it expressly waives 
such right, it shall not be entitled to exercise such right thereafter. 
For the avoidance of doubt if, following a Partial Loss Event, the Lease is not terminated pursuant to the 
Supplemental Lease Agreement and whether or not a Rental Reimbursement Request is made, then the 
terms of the Lease, including the amount of Rental, shall continue on the same terms as which applied prior 
to the occurrence of the Partial Loss Event. 
The Government (in its capacity as lessee) has undertaken in the Master Lease Agreement, in relation to 
each Series, that it shall maintain actual or constructive possession, custody or control of all of the Lease 
Assets during the Lease Term. 
 
Under the Supplemental Lease Agreement, the Government (in its capacity as lessee) will agree to be 
responsible, at its own cost and expense, for the performance of all ordinary maintenance and repair 
required for any relevant Lease Asset(s). The Trustee (in its capacity as lessor) shall be responsible for: (i) 
the performance of all major maintenance and structural repair; (ii) the payment of any proprietorship or 
other relevant taxes (excluding all taxes that are by law imposed, charged or levied against a lessee or a 
tenant); and (iii) insuring any relevant Lease Asset(s) in accordance with the Servicing Agency Agreement, 
and the Government (as lessee) will acknowledge that the Trustee (as lessor) may procure that the Servicing 
Agent, in accordance with the terms and conditions set out in the Servicing Agency Agreement, shall 
perform, or shall procure the performance of, the major maintenance and structural repair, the payment of 
such taxes and the insurance of such relevant Lease Asset(s), on behalf of the Trustee (in its capacity as 
lessor). 
 
All payments by the Government (as lessee) to the Trustee (as lessor) under each Lease Agreement shall 
be made in the Specified Currency without set-off (except as provided below) or counterclaim of any kind 
and free and clear of, and without any deduction or withholding, for any Taxes of whatever nature imposed, 
levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within any Relevant Jurisdiction or any authority therein or 
thereof having power to tax, unless the withholding or deduction is required by law. In that event, the 
Government (as lessee) will agree under the relevant Lease Agreement to pay such additional amounts as 
will result in the receipt by or on behalf of the Trustee (as lessor) of such amounts as would have been 
received by it had no such deduction or withholding had been required. 
The Government (in its capacity as lessee) will ensure that its payment obligations under each Lease 
Agreement are and will be direct, unsubordinated and (subject to the negative pledge provisions described 
in the Purchase Undertaking) unsecured obligations of the Government and (save for such exceptions as 
may be provided by applicable legislation and subject to the negative pledge provisions described in the 
Purchase Undertaking) at all times rank at least pari passu with all other present and future unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Government from time to time outstanding, provided, further, that the 
Government shall have no obligation to effect equal or rateable payment(s) at any time with respect to any 
such other obligations and, in particular, shall have no obligation to pay such other obligations at the same 
time or as a condition of paying sums due under the Lease Agreement and vice versa. 
Servicing Agency Agreement 
The Servicing Agency Agreement was entered into on 1 July 2024 between the Trustee (in its capacity as 
lessor), the Government (in its capacity as servicing agent) and the Delegate, and is governed by English 
law. 
Pursuant to the Servicing Agency Agreement, the Government (as servicing agent) will be responsible on 
behalf of the Trustee (in its capacity as lessor) for the carrying out of all major maintenance and structural 
repair, the payment of proprietorship taxes (if any) charged, levied or claimed on the relevant Lease Asset(s),

--- Page 180 ---
- 163 - 
 
 
for effecting all appropriate Insurances in respect of the Lease Asset(s) and the appointment of a Shari'a 
adviser.  
The Servicing Agent irrevocably undertakes with the Trustee (in its capacity as lessor) that the Servicing 
Agent, on behalf of the Trustee (in its capacity as lessor), will: 
(a) 
ensure that the Lease Asset(s) are, so long as any Trust Certificates are outstanding, are at all times 
properly insured (the "Insurances") (through brokers and with reputable insurance companies in 
good financial standing) to the extent consistent with general industry practice by prudent owners 
of similar assets, and in addition against each Loss Event. The Servicing Agent undertakes to 
ensure that the insured amount relating to each Loss Event will, at all times, be at least equal to the 
Full Reinstatement Value; 
(b) 
promptly make a claim in respect of each loss relating to the Lease Asset(s) in accordance with the 
terms of the Insurances;  
(c) 
ensure that, in the event of a Loss Event occurring, unless such Lease Asset(s) are replaced pursuant 
to the Servicing Agency Agreement, all proceeds of any Insurances against a Loss Event are in an 
amount equal to the Full Reinstatement Value and are paid in the Specified Currency directly into 
the Transaction Account by no later than the 60th day after the occurrence of the Loss Event and 
that the insurer are directed accordingly; and 
(d) 
if within 60 days of the Issue Date of the first Tranche of each Series and for any reason the 
Servicing Agent is not in compliance with paragraph (a) above, immediately deliver written notice 
to the Trustee and the Delegate of such non-compliance and the details thereof. 
The delivery of the notice referred to in paragraph (d) to the Trustee and the Delegate in relation to non-
compliance with paragraph (a) above shall constitute a Government Event. 
If, a Loss Event has occurred and if: 
(a) 
the notice referred to in paragraph (d) above has not been delivered by the Servicing Agent to the 
Trustee and the Delegate within 60 days of the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series 
and prior to the occurrence of such Loss Event;  
(b) 
the Lease Assets have not been replaced in accordance with the Servicing Agency Agreement; and  
(c) 
the amount (if any) paid into the Transaction Account pursuant to paragraph (c) above is less than 
the Full Reinstatement Value (the difference between the Full Reinstatement Value and the amount 
paid into the Transaction Account being the "Loss Shortfall Amount"),  
then the Servicing Agent undertakes to pay (in same day, freely transferable, cleared funds) the Loss 
Shortfall Amount directly to the Transaction Account by no later than close of business in London on the 
61st day after the Loss Event has occurred. Subject to paying such Loss Shortfall Amount in accordance 
with this paragraph, there will be no further claim against the Servicing Agent for failing to comply with 
its insurance obligations. 
The Servicing Agency Agreement provides that if on the occurrence of a Loss Event (other than in respect 
of a Partial Loss Event where a Partial Loss Termination Notice has been delivered pursuant to the Lease 
Agreement) the Servicing Agent receives notice from the Government that replacement real estate asset(s) 
located in Sharjah (the "Replacement Lease Assets") are available on or before the 60th day after the 
occurrence of the Loss Event, the Trustee may purchase such Replacement Lease Asset(s) from the 
Government by way of the payment by the Government (in its capacity as servicing agent) on behalf of the 
Trustee of the proceeds of the Insurances (or the assignment of the rights to such proceeds) to or to the 
order of the Government and the transfer to the Government by the Trustee of any residual interest it may 
hold in the relevant Lease Asset(s) (including any remaining rights in respect of any proceeds of the 
Insurances), in each case, on the terms and subject to the conditions of an agreement substantially in the 
form of a Supplemental Purchase Agreement in consideration for the sale, transfer and conveyance by the 
Government of the Replacement Lease Asset(s) to the Trustee. 
"Full Reinstatement Value" shall be equal to, in relation to each Series, the aggregate face amount of the 
Trust Certificates then outstanding for the relevant Series plus all accrued but unpaid Periodic Distribution 
Amounts relating to such Trust Certificates plus an amount equal to the Periodic Distribution Amounts

--- Page 181 ---
- 164 - 
 
 
relating to such Trust Certificates, which would have accrued (had a Loss Event not occurred) during the 
period beginning on the date on which the Loss Event occurs and ending on but excluding the applicable 
Dissolution Date plus without duplication or double counting, an amount representing any amounts payable 
by Sharjah Sukuk Programme Limited (in any capacity) under the Transaction Documents to which it is a 
party (including but not limited to an amount equal to any outstanding Additional Servicing Agency 
Expenses in respect of which the Lessee has agreed to make a corresponding payment of Additional 
Supplementary Rental but such payment has not been made in accordance with the Master Lease Agreement 
and the relevant Supplemental Lease Agreement) plus an amount equal to any Rental Reimbursement 
Amount payable to the Lessee in accordance with the Lease Agreement less, if any, the aggregate amounts 
of Deferred Sale Price then outstanding. 
The "Service Charge Amount" payable to the Government (in its capacity as servicing agent) shall be an 
amount equal to, in respect of a rental period, the aggregate of all payments and liabilities made or incurred 
by the Servicing Agent during such rental period in respect of the services provided under the Servicing 
Agency Agreement in relation to the relevant Lease Assets as notified by the Servicing Agent to the Trustee 
(in its capacity as lessor) in accordance with the Servicing Agency Agreement, except for any payments or 
liabilities which comprise Additional Servicing Agency Expenses. 
If: (a) as a result of the occurrence of a Partial Loss Event the ratio of the value of the Lease Assets (as 
determined by reference to the relevant internal valuation by the Government of the Lease Assets on the 
date on which the Lease Assets were acquired by the Trustee as set out in the relevant Supplemental 
Purchase Agreement and/or Sale Agreement) (which for this purpose shall exclude any Impaired Lease 
Assets) to the aggregate of the value of the Lease Assets (as determined by reference to the relevant internal 
valuation by the Government of the Lease Assets on the date on which the Lease Assets were acquired by 
the Trustee as set out in the relevant Supplemental Purchase Agreement and/or Sale Agreement) and the 
outstanding Deferred Sale Price at such time, falls below 33 per cent.; or (b) a Total Loss Event occurs, the 
Servicing Agent shall notify the Trustee and the Delegate of such occurrence. The Trustee shall, upon 
receipt of such notice from the Servicing Agent, promptly notify Certificateholders that: (i) such event has 
occurred; and (ii) from the date of such notice and until further notice from the Trustee to the 
Certificateholders (which notice shall be given upon replacement of the Lease Assets in accordance with 
the Servicing Agency Agreement), the Trust Certificates should be tradable only in accordance with Shari'a 
principles of debt trading (such as the principle that debt is to be traded against tangible assets and/or 
eligible commodities on a spot settlement basis). Following such replacement of Lease Assets, the Servicing 
Agent shall notify the Trustee and the Delegate of the same and the Trustee shall promptly, following 
receipt of such notice from the Servicing Agent, deliver a notice to the Certificateholders in accordance 
with Condition 17 (Notices) that from the date of that notice the Trust Certificates may be traded at any 
price. 
The Servicing Agency Agreement provides that the Servicing Agent shall appoint from the Issue Date of 
each Series, and maintain from such date the appointment of, the Shari'a Adviser to advise on any matters 
requested by the Servicing Agent and also to assist the Servicing Agent in monitoring the compliance by 
the Servicing Agent with the requirements of AAOIFI Shari'a standards when acting in accordance with 
the terms of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party (in any capacity under the Transaction 
Documents). 
The Servicing Agent shall not incur or pay any liability in any Rental Period in respect of the Services to 
be performed in relation to the relevant Lease Assets which, individually or in the aggregate, would exceed 
an amount that is separately agreed between the Trustee (in its capacity as lessor) and the Servicing Agent 
in relation to each Series (the "All Expense Reserve Amount" and the amount by which such liability 
exceeds the All Expenses Reserve Amount, the "Additional Servicing Agency Expenses") unless: (a) a 
request for such incurrence or payment of Additional Servicing Agency Expenses has been made by the 
Servicing Agent to the Trustee (in its capacity as lessor) in accordance with the Servicing Agency 
Agreement; and (b) following such request (and subject to the Trustee's (in its capacity as lessor) approval 
of such incurrence or payment of Additional Servicing Agency Expenses), the Government (in its capacity 
as lessee) has agreed to pay to the Trustee (in its capacity as lessor) an amount of Additional Supplementary 
Rental equal to such Additional Servicing Agency Expenses. If, during any Rental Period, the Servicing 
Agent incurs or pays such liability without first satisfying the foregoing conditions in (a) and (b) above, 
then it shall be deemed to have unconditionally agreed to satisfy, donate and pay all such liabilities from 
its own account and the Lessor shall have no responsibility whatsoever in connection with such liability. 
The Servicing Agent shall submit to the Lessor or its agent the invoice or receipt for (or other evidence of 
payment or incurrence of) each liability comprising the Service Charge Amount, as soon as practicable

--- Page 182 ---
- 165 - 
 
 
after the payment or incurrence thereof. The Servicing Agent shall submit to the Lessor or its agent a request 
for the Lessor's approval of the Servicing Agent incurring or paying any proposed liability comprising an 
Additional Servicing Agency Expense prior to incurring or paying such proposed liability (the date of such 
notice being the "Additional Servicing Agency Expenses Request Date"). 
Subject to the terms of the relevant Lease Agreement: 
(a) 
the Trustee (in its capacity as lessor) shall procure that an amount equal to the Service Charge 
Amount notified to it in accordance with the above paragraph is recorded in the Collection Account 
on the first business day of the first rental period commencing after the services invoice date; and 
(b) 
the Trustee (in its capacity as lessor) shall procure the reimbursement of the Servicing Agent for 
each Additional Servicing Agency Expense approved by recording such amount in the Collection 
Account on the first business day of the first rental period after the Additional Servicing Agency 
Expenses Request Date or, if the relevant Lease is terminated prior to such date, on the date of 
termination of such Lease. 
An amount equal to an Additional Servicing Agency Expense shall not be reimbursed unless the Servicing 
Agent evidences the requirement for the payment or the incurrence of each liability comprising such 
Additional Servicing Agency Expense by delivering to the Trustee (in its capacity as lessor) quotations or 
other proper evidence of such requirement by no later than the Additional Servicing Agency Expenses 
Request Date. 
The Servicing Agent shall ensure that its payment obligations under the Servicing Agency Agreement are 
and will be direct, unsubordinated and (subject to the negative pledge provisions described in the Purchase 
Undertaking) unsecured obligations of the Servicing Agent and (save for such exceptions as may be 
provided by applicable legislation and subject to the negative pledge provisions described in the Purchase 
Undertaking) at all times rank at least pari passu with all other present and future unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Servicing Agent from time to time outstanding, provided, further, that 
the Servicing Agent shall have no obligation to effect equal or rateable payment(s) at any time with respect 
to any such other obligations and, in particular, shall have no obligation to pay such other obligations at the 
same time or as a condition of paying sums due under the Servicing Agency Agreement and vice versa. 
Purchase Undertaking 
The Purchase Undertaking was executed on 1 July 2024 by the Government (in its capacity as obligor) as 
a deed in favour of the Trustee and the Delegate and is governed by English law. 
In relation to each Series, provided that no Total Loss Event has occurred and is continuing (or if a Total 
Loss Event has occurred, the Lease Assets have been replaced pursuant to the Servicing Agency 
Agreement), the Government (in its capacity as obligor) has irrevocably granted to the Trustee and the 
Delegate the right to require the Government to purchase all of the Trustee's rights, title and interests in, to 
and under the relevant Lease Asset(s) (or the applicable proportion thereof, as the case may be) upon the 
Trustee or the Delegate (on behalf of the Trustee) exercising its option thereunder and delivering an 
Exercise Notice to the Government in accordance with the terms of the Purchase Undertaking, on the 
relevant Scheduled Dissolution Date or, if earlier, on the Dissolution Event Redemption Date or the 
Certificateholder Put Right Date (if Certificateholder Put Right is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms) or the Tangibility Event Put Right Date at the Exercise Price, the Certificateholder Put Right 
Exercise Price or the Tangibility Event Certificateholder Put Right Exercise Price, as the case may be. 
The "Exercise Price", "Certificateholder Put Right Exercise Price" or "Tangibility Event 
Certificateholder Put Right Exercise Price" (as the case may be) payable by the Government (as obligor), 
in relation to each Series, shall be equal to the aggregate face amount of the Trust Certificates then 
outstanding or the Trust Certificates to be redeemed on the Certificateholder Put Right Date or the 
Tangibility Event Put Right Date, as the case may be, for the relevant Series plus all accrued but unpaid 
Periodic Distribution Amounts (if any) relating to such Trust Certificates plus, without duplication or 
double counting, if all of the Trust Certificates of the relevant Series are being redeemed in full, an amount 
representing any amounts payable by Sharjah Sukuk Programme Limited (in any capacity) under the 
Transaction Documents to which it is a party (including but not limited to, if all of the Trust Certificates of 
the relevant Series are being redeemed in full, an amount equal to any Service Charge Amounts in respect 
of which an appropriate supplementary rental payment has not been made in accordance with the Master 
Lease Agreement and the relevant Supplemental Lease Agreement) provided that, in the case of any

--- Page 183 ---
- 166 - 
 
 
amounts payable pursuant to Condition 5.2(a) (Application of Proceeds from the Trust Assets), the 
Government has received a notification from the Delegate of such amounts by not later than the third 
business day prior to the date on which the Exercise Notice is delivered plus, without duplication or double 
counting any other amounts payable on redemption of the Trust Certificates or the Trust Certificates to be 
redeemed on the Certificateholder Put Right Date or the Tangibility Event Put Right Date, as the case may 
be, as specified in the applicable Final Terms less, the aggregate amounts of Deferred Sale Price (or the 
applicable proportion thereof, as the case may be) then outstanding, if any. 
The Government (in its capacity as obligor) has undertaken in the Purchase Undertaking that, in relation to 
any Series, it shall irrevocably and unconditionally fully accept such ownership interest the Trustee may 
have in the Lease Asset(s), the Certificateholder Put Right Lease Asset(s) or the Tangibility Event 
Certificateholder Put Right Lease Asset(s). The Government (in its capacity as obligor) has further 
undertaken in the Purchase Undertaking that if, at the time of delivery of the exercise notice in accordance 
with the provisions of the Purchase Undertaking, the Government remains in actual or constructive 
possession, custody or control of all or any part of the Lease Assets, the Certificateholder Put Right Lease 
Assets or the Tangibility Event Certificateholder Put Right Lease Assets, as the case may be, and if, 
following delivery of the exercise notice in accordance with the provision of the Purchase Undertaking, the 
relevant Exercise Price, the Certificateholder Put Right Exercise Price or the Tangibility Event 
Certificateholder Put Right Exercise Price, as the case may be, is not paid in accordance with the provisions 
of the Purchase Undertaking for any reason whatsoever, the Obligor shall (as an independent, severable 
and separately enforceable obligation) fully indemnify the Trustee for the purpose of redemption in full of 
the Trust Certificates then outstanding or the Certificateholder Put Right Trust Certificates or the 
Tangibility Event Certificateholder Put Right Trust Certificates, as the case may be, and, accordingly, the 
amount payable under any such indemnity claim will equal the Exercise Price, the Certificateholder Put 
Right Exercise Price or the Tangibility Event Certificateholder Put Right Exercise Price, as the case may 
be. 
The Government (in its capacity as obligor) will also agree in the Purchase Undertaking that all payments 
by it under the Purchase Undertaking will be made in the Specified Currency without set-off (except as 
provided below) or counterclaim of any kind and, free and clear of, any deduction or withholding for Taxes 
of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within any Relevant Jurisdiction 
or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless required by law. In that event, the 
Government (as obligor) shall pay such additional amounts as will result in the receipt by the Trustee of 
such amounts as would have been received by it had no withholding or deduction had been required. 
The amount equal to the outstanding Additional Servicing Agency Expenses to be paid by the Government 
as part of the Exercise Price, Certificateholder Put Right Exercise Price or the Tangibility Event 
Certificateholder Put Right Exercise Price, as the case may be, payable pursuant to the Purchase 
Undertaking in respect of which the Trustee (in its capacity as lessor) has agreed to make a corresponding 
payment of additional supplementary rental but such payment has not been made in accordance with the 
Master Lease Agreement and the relevant Supplemental Lease Agreement, and any Additional Servicing 
Agency Expenses to be paid by the Trustee (in its capacity as lessor) pursuant to the Servicing Agency 
Expenses, shall be set off against one another and the obligation to pay that part of the Exercise Price, the 
Certificateholder Put Right Exercise Price or the Tangibility Event Certificateholder Put Right Exercise 
Price, as the case may be pursuant to the exercise of the Purchase Undertaking, shall be discharged by such 
set-off. 
The Government (in its capacity as obligor) will ensure that its payment obligations under the Purchase 
Undertaking are and will be direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the negative pledge 
provisions described in the Purchase Undertaking) unsecured obligations of the Government and (save for 
such exceptions as may be provided by applicable legislation and subject to the negative pledge provisions 
described in the Purchase Undertaking) at all times rank at least pari passu, with all other present and future 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Government, from time to time outstanding, provided, 
further, that the Government shall have no obligation to effect equal or rateable payment(s) at any time with 
respect to any such other obligations and, in particular, shall have no obligation to pay such other obligations 
at the same time or as a condition of paying sums due under the Purchase Undertaking and vice versa. 
Under the Purchase Undertaking, the Government has undertaken that, for so long as any Trust Certificate 
remains outstanding, the Government (acting in any capacity) will not create or permit to subsist any 
Security Interest other than a Permitted Security Interest upon the whole or any part of its present or future 
assets or revenues to secure any Relevant Indebtedness or Relevant Sukuk Obligation, or any guarantee or 
indemnity in respect of Relevant Indebtedness or a Relevant Sukuk Obligation, of any Person, without:

--- Page 184 ---
- 167 - 
 
 
(a) 
at the same time or prior thereto securing equally and rateably therewith its obligations under the 
Transaction Documents to which it is, in whatever capacity, a party; or 
(b)  
providing such other Security Interest for the obligations of the Government under the Transaction 
Documents to which it is a party as may be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the 
Certificateholders. 
In addition, the Government has agreed that a Government Event shall constitute a Dissolution Event for 
the purposes of the Conditions. 
Sale and Substitution Undertaking 
The Sale and Substitution Undertaking was executed on 1 July 2024 by the Trustee as a deed in favour of 
the Government and is governed by English law. 
In relation to each Series, provided that no Total Loss Event has occurred and is continuing (or if a Total 
Loss Event has occurred, the Lease Assets have been replaced pursuant to the Servicing Agency 
Agreement), the Trustee has irrevocably granted to the Government the right to require the Trustee to sell, 
transfer and/or convey all of its rights, title and interests in, to and under the relevant Lease Asset(s) to the 
Government upon the Government exercising its option thereunder and delivering an Exercise Notice to 
the Trustee in accordance with the terms of the Sale and Substitution Undertaking, on the Tax Dissolution 
Date, Optional Dissolution Date or Clean Up Call Right Dissolution Date (as the case may be) at the 
Exercise Price.  
The amount equal to any outstanding Additional Servicing Agency Expenses to be paid by the Government 
as part of any Exercise Price, in respect of which the Trustee (in its capacity as lessor) has agreed to make 
a corresponding payment of additional supplementary rental but such payment has not been made in 
accordance with the Master Lease Agreement and the Supplemental Lease Agreement and any Additional 
Servicing Agency Expenses to be paid by the Trustee (in its capacity as lessor) pursuant to the Servicing 
Agency Agreement, shall be set off against one another, and the obligation to pay that part of the Exercise 
Price shall be discharged by such set-off. 
In addition, under the terms of the Sale and Substitution Undertaking, if at any time the Government wishes 
to cancel any Trust Certificates purchased pursuant to Condition 11.1 (Purchases), the Government may, 
by exercising its option under the Sale and Substitution Undertaking and by delivering a Cancellation 
Notice to the Trustee in accordance with the terms of the Sale and Substitution Undertaking, oblige the 
Trustee to transfer all of its rights, title and interests in, to and under the Cancelled Lease Asset(s) to the 
Government in consideration for which the Trust Certificates purchased shall be cancelled subject to certain 
conditions set out in the Sale and Substitution Undertaking. Following such transfer, the Trustee shall 
forthwith surrender to the relevant Registrar the relevant Trust Certificates identified for cancellation in the 
Cancellation Notice on the Cancellation Date. 
Furthermore, pursuant to the terms of the Sale and Substitution Undertaking, the Trustee has granted to the 
Government the right to require the Trustee to sell all of its rights, title and interests in, to and under the 
substituted Lease Asset(s) to it in exchange for the sale to the Trustee of new Lease Asset(s) subject to 
certain conditions set out in the Sale and Substitution Undertaking. 
Master Murabaha Agreement 
The Master Murabaha Agreement was entered into on 1 July 2024 between the Government (in its capacity 
as buyer, the "Buyer"), the Trustee (in its capacity as seller, the "Seller") and the Delegate and is governed 
by English law. 
Pursuant to the Master Murabaha Agreement, the Seller may, on receipt of a purchase order from the Buyer 
in accordance with the terms of the Master Murabaha Agreement, purchase certain commodities on the 
Issue Date of the relevant Tranche. Following the purchase of the commodities by the Seller, and provided 
that the Seller has acquired title to, and actual or constructive possession thereof, the Seller may deliver to 
the Buyer by no later than the Issue Date a letter of offer and acceptance indicating the Seller's acceptance 
of the terms of the purchase order made by the Buyer and detailing the terms of the offer for the sale of the 
commodities to the Buyer from the Seller on the Issue Date.

--- Page 185 ---
- 168 - 
 
 
Pursuant to the Master Murabaha Agreement, provided that the Buyer has delivered a duly completed 
purchase order in accordance with the terms of the Master Murabaha Agreement, the Buyer shall undertake 
to accept the terms of, countersign and deliver to the Seller any letter of offer and acceptance delivered to 
it in accordance with the Master Murabaha Agreement and (as a result of the Seller having acted on the 
request of the Buyer set out in the purchase order) purchase the commodities acquired by the Seller for the 
Deferred Sale Price in accordance with the terms of the Master Murabaha Agreement. 
As soon as the Buyer has countersigned the letter of offer and acceptance, a murabaha contract shall be 
created between the Seller and the Buyer upon the terms of the letter of offer and acceptance and 
incorporating the terms and conditions set out in the Master Murabaha Agreement, and ownership of and 
all risks in and to the relevant commodities shall immediately pass to and be vested in the Buyer, together 
with all rights and obligations relating thereto. 
The Buyer has also agreed in the Master Murabaha Agreement that all payments by it under the Master 
Murabaha Agreement will be made in the Specified Currency without set-off or counterclaim of any kind 
and, free and clear of, any deduction or withholding for Taxes of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, 
withheld or assessed by or within any Relevant Jurisdiction or any authority therein or thereof having power 
to tax, unless required by law. In that event, the Buyer shall pay such additional amounts as will result in 
the receipt by or on behalf of the Seller of such amounts as would have been received by it had no 
withholding or deduction had been made. 
The Buyer will ensure that its payment obligations under the Master Murabaha Agreement are and will be 
direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the negative pledge provisions described in the 
Purchase Undertaking) unsecured obligations of the Buyer and (save for such exceptions as may be 
provided by applicable legislation and subject to the negative pledge provisions described in the Purchase 
Undertaking) at all times rank at least pari passu, with all other present and future unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Buyer, from time to time outstanding, provided, further, that the Buyer 
shall have no obligation to effect equal or rateable payment(s) at any time with respect to any such other 
obligations and, in particular, shall have no obligation to pay such other obligations at the same time or as 
a condition of paying sums due under the Master Murabaha Agreement and vice versa. 
Shari'a Compliance 
Each Transaction Document to which it is a party provides that each of Sharjah Sukuk Programme Limited 
and the Government of the Emirate of Sharjah, acting through the Sharjah Finance Department agrees that 
it has accepted the Shari'a compliant nature of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party and the 
transactions contemplated therein and further agrees that:  
(a) 
it shall not claim that any of its obligations under the Trust Certificates and the Transaction 
Documents to which it is a party (or any provision thereof) is ultra vires, not valid, legal, binding 
or enforceable or not compliant with the principles of Shari'a, regardless of any pronouncement 
by any Shari'a Committee, authority, institution or Shari'a adviser to that effect; 
(b) 
it shall not take any steps or bring any proceedings in any forum to challenge the Shari'a 
compliance of the Trust Certificates or the Transaction Documents to which it is a party; and 
(c) 
none of its obligations under the Trust Certificates and the Transaction Documents to which it is a 
party shall in any way be diminished, abrogated, impaired, invalidated or otherwise adversely 
affected by any finding, declaration, pronouncement, order or judgment of any court, tribunal or 
other body that the Trust Certificates or the Transaction Documents to which it is a party are not 
compliant with the principles of Shari'a.

--- Page 186 ---
- 169 - 
 
 
TAXATION 
The following is a general description of certain Cayman Islands and UAE tax considerations relating to 
the Trust Certificates. It does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the 
Trust Certificates, whether in those jurisdictions or elsewhere. Prospective purchasers of Trust Certificates 
should consult their own tax advisers as to which countries' tax laws could be relevant to acquiring, holding 
and disposing of Trust Certificates and receiving payments under the Trust Certificates and the 
consequences of such actions under the tax laws of those countries. This summary is based upon the law as 
in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any change in law that may take effect after 
such date. 
Cayman Islands 
Under existing Cayman Islands laws, payments on Trust Certificates to be issued will not be subject to 
taxation in the Cayman Islands and no withholding will be required on the payments to any holder of the 
Trust Certificates, nor will gains derived from the disposal of the Trust Certificates be subject to Cayman 
Islands income or corporation tax. The Cayman Islands currently have no income, corporation or capital 
gains tax and no estate duty, inheritance or gift tax. 
Subject as set out below, no capital or stamp duties are levied in the Cayman Islands on the issue or 
redemption of Trust Certificates. However, an instrument transferring title to any Trust Certificates, if 
brought to or executed in the Cayman Islands, would be subject to Cayman Islands stamp duty. An annual 
registration fee is payable by the Trustee to the Cayman Islands Registrar of Companies which is calculated 
by reference to the nominal amount of its authorised capital. At current rates, this annual registration fee is 
U.S.$853.66. The foregoing is based on current law and practice in the Cayman Islands and this is subject 
to change therein. 
UAE Taxation 
Under current legislation, there is no requirement for withholding or deduction for or on account of UAE 
or Sharjah taxation in respect of payments on debt securities (including in relation to the Trust Certificates). 
In the event of the imposition of any withholding in the future, the Trustee has undertaken to gross-up any 
payments subject to certain limited exceptions. 
U.S. Federal Income Taxation 
The following is a summary of certain U.S. federal income tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership 
and disposition of Trust Certificates by a U.S. Holder (as defined below). This summary deals only with 
purchasers of Trust Certificates that are U.S. Holders, acquire such Trust Certificates at initial issuance and 
will hold the Trust Certificates as capital assets (generally, property held for investment). 
The discussion does not cover all aspects of U.S. federal income taxation that may be relevant to, or the 
actual tax effect that any of the matters described herein will have on, the acquisition, ownership or 
disposition of Trust Certificates by particular investors. In particular, this summary does not discuss all of 
the tax considerations that may be relevant to certain types of investors subject to special treatment under 
the U.S. federal income tax laws (including, without limitation: (i) financial institutions; (ii) insurance 
companies; (iii) dealers or traders in stocks, securities, or currencies or notional principal contracts; (iv) 
regulated investment companies; (v) real estate investment trusts; (vi) tax-exempt organisations; (vii) 
partnerships, pass-through entities, or persons that hold Trust Certificates through pass-through entities; 
(viii) investors that hold Trust Certificates as part of a straddle, hedge, conversion, constructive sale or other 
integrated transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes; (ix) U.S. Holders that have a functional 
currency other than the U.S. Dollar; (x) persons required to accelerate the recognition of any item of gross 
income with respect to the Trust Certificates as a result of such income being recognised on an applicable 
financial statement; and (xi) U.S. expatriates and former long-term residents of the United States) all of 
whom may be subject to tax rules that differ significantly from those summarised below. This summary 
does not address U.S. federal estate, gift or alternative minimum tax considerations, Medicare contribution 
tax on net investment income considerations, or non-U.S., state or local tax considerations. 
As used herein, the term "U.S. Holder" means a beneficial owner of Trust Certificates that is for U.S. 
federal income tax purposes: (i) a citizen or individual resident of the United States, (ii) a corporation 
created or organised in or under the laws of the United States or any state thereof, (iii) an estate the income 
of which is subject to U.S. federal income tax without regard to its source, or (iv) a trust if a court within

--- Page 187 ---
- 170 - 
 
 
the United States is able to exercise primary supervision over the administration of the trust and one or 
more United States persons have the authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust. 
If a partnership (or any other entity or arrangement treated as fiscally transparent for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes) holds Trust Certificates, the tax treatment of a partner in such partnership generally will 
depend upon the status of the partner and the activities of the partnership. Any such partner or partnership 
should consult their tax advisers as to the U.S. federal income tax consequences to them of the acquisition, 
ownership and disposition of Trust Certificates. 
This summary is based on the tax laws of the United States including the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 
(the "Code") its legislative history, existing and proposed regulations promulgated thereunder, published 
rulings and court decisions, all as currently in effect where applicable and all of which are subject to change 
at any time, possibly with retroactive effect. No rulings have been or will be sought from the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Service (the "IRS") with respect to any of the matters discussed below, and no assurance can be 
given that the views of the IRS or a court with respect to those matters will not differ from those described 
below. 
INVESTORS SHOULD CONSULT THEIR TAX ADVISERS TO DETERMINE THE TAX 
CONSEQUENCES TO THEM OF ACQUIRING, OWNING AND DISPOSING OF REGISTERED 
TRUST CERTIFICATES, INCLUDING THE APPLICATION TO THEIR PARTICULAR 
SITUATION OF THE U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS DISCUSSED BELOW. 
Characterisation of the Trust Certificates 
The Trustee generally intends to treat Trust Certificates issued under the Programme as debt, unless 
otherwise indicated in the supplemental U.S. federal income tax disclosure provided in a prospectus 
supplement or otherwise. However, the IRS could seek to recharacterise the Trust Certificates as equity 
interests in a trust for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Alternatively, the IRS could argue that the Trust 
Certificates should be treated as equity interests in a passive foreign investment company for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes. If the IRS were to assert either recharacterisation successfully, U.S. Holders could be 
subject to materially adverse tax consequences including additional information reporting requirements. 
The Trustee does not expect that it will provide to investors information relevant to such information 
reporting requirements if they were determined to be applicable. Prospective investors should consult their 
tax advisers as to the possibility of the Trust Certificates being recharacterised and the resulting U.S. federal 
income tax consequences if they were. 
Payment of Periodic Distribution Amounts 
General 
Periodic Distribution Amounts paid on a Trust Certificate held by a U.S. Holder, including the payment of 
any additional amounts whether payable in U.S. Dollars or a currency other than U.S. Dollars ("foreign 
currency" Periodic Distribution Amounts on a "Foreign Currency Trust Certificate"), other than 
Periodic Distribution Amounts on a "Discount Trust Certificate" that is not "qualified stated interest" (each 
as defined below under "Original Issue Discount — General" below), will be taxable to such U.S. Holder 
as ordinary income at the time it is received or accrued, in accordance with the U.S. Holder's method of 
accounting for tax purposes. Periodic Distribution Amounts paid by the Trustee on the Trust Certificates 
and original issue discount ("OID"), if any, accrued with respect to the Trust Certificates (as described 
below under "Original Issue Discount — General" below) and payments of any additional amounts 
generally will constitute income from sources outside the United States subject to the rules regarding the 
foreign tax credit allowable to a U.S. Holder (and the limitations imposed thereon). Prospective purchasers 
should consult their tax advisers concerning the foreign tax credit implications of the payment of any 
foreign taxes with respect to the Trust Certificates (if applicable). 
Pre-Issuance Accrued Periodic Distribution Amounts 
If a portion of the price paid for a Trust Certificate is allocable to Periodic Distribution Amounts that 
accrued prior to the date the Trust Certificate is issued ("pre-issuance accrued Periodic Distribution 
Amounts"), the Trustee intends to take the position that, on the first Periodic Distribution Date, a portion 
of the Periodic Distribution Amounts received in an amount equal to any pre-issuance accrued Periodic 
Distribution Amounts will be treated as a return of the pre-issuance accrued Periodic Distribution Amounts. 
Amounts treated as a return of pre-issuance accrued Periodic Distribution Amounts should not be taxable

--- Page 188 ---
- 171 - 
 
 
when received. A U.S. Holder's tax basis in a Trust Certificate will be reduced by the amount of any non-
taxable return of pre-issuance Periodic Distribution Amounts. The remainder of this discussion assumes 
that in determining the issue price of a Trust Certificate and the amount paid for a Trust Certificate, there 
will be excluded an amount equal to the pre-issuance Periodic Distribution Amounts. U.S. Holders should 
consult their tax advisers with regard to the tax treatment of the pre-issuance accrued Periodic Distribution 
Amounts on a Trust Certificate. 
Original Issue Discount 
General 
The following is a summary of certain U.S. federal income tax consequences to a U.S. Holder of the 
ownership of Trust Certificates issued with OID. The following summary does not discuss Trust 
Certificates that are characterised as contingent payment debt instruments for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes ("CPDIs"). If Trust Certificates are issued that are characterized as CPDIs, supplemental U.S. 
federal income tax disclosure may be separately provided in a prospectus supplement or otherwise. 
A Trust Certificate, other than a Trust Certificate with a term of one year or less (a "Short-Term Trust 
Certificate"), will be treated as issued with OID (a "Discount Trust Certificate") if the excess of the Trust 
Certificate's "stated redemption price at maturity" (as defined below) over its issue price is at least a de 
minimis amount (generally, 0.25 per cent. of the Trust Certificate's stated redemption price at maturity 
multiplied by the number of complete years to its Scheduled Dissolution Date). A Trust Certificate that 
provides for the payment of amounts other than qualified stated interest before its Scheduled Dissolution 
Date (an "instalment obligation") generally will be treated as a Discount Trust Certificate if the excess of 
the Trust Certificate's stated redemption price at maturity over its issue price is equal to or greater than 0.25 
per cent. of the Trust Certificate's stated redemption price at maturity multiplied by the weighted average 
maturity of the Trust Certificate. A Trust Certificate's weighted average maturity is the sum of the following 
amounts determined for each payment on a Trust Certificate (other than a payment of qualified stated 
interest): (i) the number of complete years from the issue date until the payment is made multiplied by (ii) 
a fraction, the numerator of which is the amount of the payment and the denominator of which is the Trust 
Certificate's stated redemption price at maturity. Generally, the "issue price" of a Trust Certificate under 
the applicable Final Terms will be the first price at which a substantial amount of such Trust Certificates 
included in the issue of which the Trust Certificate is a part is sold to persons other than bond houses, 
brokers, or similar persons or organisations acting in the capacity of underwriters, placement agents, or 
wholesalers. The "stated redemption price" at maturity of a Trust Certificate is the total of all payments 
provided by the Trust Certificate that are not payments of "qualified stated interest". A "qualified stated 
interest" payment generally is any one of a series of payments of Periodic Distribution Amounts on a Trust 
Certificate that are unconditionally payable in cash or in property (other than in debt instruments of the 
Trustee) at least annually at a single fixed rate applied to the outstanding face amount of the Trust Certificate 
(with certain exceptions for lower rates paid during some periods). Solely for the purposes of determining 
whether a Trust Certificate has OID, the Trustee will be deemed to exercise any call option that has the 
effect of decreasing the yield on the Trust Certificate, and the U.S. Holder will be deemed to exercise any 
put option that has the effect of increasing the yield on the Trust Certificate. Talk to your own advisers 
about the applicability of these rules to a particular Trust Certificates. 
If a Trust Certificate has de minimis OID, a U.S. Holder must include the de minimis amount in income as 
payments of face amounts are made on the Trust Certificate, unless the U.S. Holder makes the election 
described below under "Election to Treat All Periodic Distribution Amounts as Original Issue Discount" 
below. A U.S. Holder can determine the includible amount with respect to each such payment by 
multiplying the total amount of the Trust Certificate's de minimis OID by a fraction equal to the amount of 
the payment of face amounts made divided by the face amount of the Trust Certificate. 
U.S. Holders of Discount Trust Certificates must include OID in income calculated on a constant yield 
method before the receipt of cash attributable to the income, and generally will have to include in income 
increasingly greater amounts of OID over the life of the Discount Trust Certificates. The amount of OID 
includible in income by a U.S. Holder of a Discount Trust Certificate is the sum of the daily portions of 
OID with respect to the Discount Trust Certificate for each day during the taxable year or the portion of the 
taxable year in which the U.S. Holder holds the Discount Trust Certificate ("accrued OID"). The daily 
portion is determined by allocating to each day in any accrual period a pro rata portion of the OID allocable 
to that accrual period. Accrual periods with respect to a Trust Certificate may be of any length selected by 
the U.S. Holder and may vary in length over the term of the Trust Certificates as long as (i) no accrual 
period is longer than one year and (ii) each scheduled payment of Periodic Distribution Amounts or face

--- Page 189 ---
- 172 - 
 
 
amounts on the Trust Certificate occurs on either the final or first day of an accrual period. The amount of 
OID allocable to an accrual period equals the excess of (a) the product of the Discount Trust Certificate's 
adjusted issue price at the beginning of the accrual period and the Discount Trust Certificate's yield to 
maturity (determined on the basis of compounding at the close of each accrual period and properly adjusted 
for the length of the accrual period) over (b) the sum of the payments of qualified stated interest on the 
Trust Certificate allocable to the accrual period. The "adjusted issue price" of a Discount Trust Certificate 
at the beginning of any accrual period is the issue price of the Trust Certificate increased by (x) the amount 
of accrued OID for each prior accrual period and decreased by (y) the amount of any payments previously 
made on the Trust Certificate that were not qualified stated interest payments. 
Acquisition Premium 
A U.S. Holder that purchases a Discount Trust Certificate for an amount less than or equal to the sum of all 
amounts payable on the Trust Certificate after the purchase date, other than payments of qualified stated 
interest, but in excess of its adjusted issue price (any such excess being "acquisition premium") and that 
does not make the election described below under "Election to Treat All Periodic Distribution Amounts as 
Original Issue Discount" below, is permitted to reduce the daily portions of OID by a fraction, the 
numerator of which is the excess of the U.S. Holder’s adjusted basis in the Trust Certificate immediately 
after its purchase over the Trust Certificate's adjusted issue price, and the denominator of which is the 
excess of the sum of all amounts payable on the Trust Certificate after the purchase date, other than 
payments of qualified stated interest, over the Trust Certificate's adjusted issue price. 
Election to Treat All Periodic Distribution Amounts as Original Issue Discount 
A U.S. Holder may elect to include in gross income all Periodic Distribution Amounts that accrue on a 
Trust Certificate using the constant yield method described above under "General" above, with certain 
modifications. For purposes of this election, interest includes Periodic Distribution Amounts, OID, de 
minimis OID, market discount, de minimis market discount and unstated interest, as adjusted by any 
amortisable bond premium (described below under "Original Issue Discount — Trust Certificates 
Purchased at a Premium" below) or acquisition premium. If a U.S. Holder makes this election for the Trust 
Certificate, then, when the constant yield method is applied, the issue price of the Trust Certificate will 
equal the U.S. Holder's adjusted basis immediately after its acquisition of the Trust Certificate, the issue 
date of the Trust Certificate will be the date of acquisition, and no payments on the Trust Certificate will 
be treated as payments of qualified stated interest. This election generally will apply only to the Trust 
Certificate with respect to which it is made and may not be revoked without the consent of the IRS. 
However, if the Trust Certificate has amortisable bond premium, the U.S. Holder will be deemed to have 
made an election to apply amortisable bond premium against interest for all debt instruments with 
amortisable bond premium, other than debt instruments the interest on which is excludible from gross 
income, held as of the beginning of the taxable year to which the election applies or any taxable year 
thereafter. If the election to apply the constant yield method to all Periodic Distribution Amounts on a Trust 
Certificate is made with respect to a Market Discount Trust Certificate, the electing U.S. Holder will be 
treated as having made the election discussed below under "Market Discount" below to include market 
discount in income currently over the life of all debt instruments with market discount held or thereafter 
acquired by the U.S. Holder. U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisers concerning the propriety and 
consequences of this election. 
Short-Term Trust Certificates 
In general, an individual or other cash basis U.S. Holder of a Short-Term Trust Certificate is not required 
to accrue OID (calculated as set forth below for the purposes of this paragraph) for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes unless it elects to do so (but should be required to include any Periodic Distribution Amounts in 
income as the Periodic Distribution Amounts are received). Accrual basis U.S. Holders and certain other 
U.S. Holders are required to accrue OID on Short-Term Trust Certificates on a straight line basis or, if the 
U.S. Holder so elects, under the constant yield method (based on daily compounding). In the case of a U.S. 
Holder not required and not electing to include OID in income currently, any gain realised on the sale or 
other disposition of the Short-Term Trust Certificate will be ordinary income to the extent of the OID 
accrued on a straight line basis (or a constant yield basis if an election is made to accrue the OID under the 
constant yield method) through the date of sale or other disposition. U.S. Holders who are not required and 
do not elect to accrue OID on Short-Term Trust Certificates will be required to defer deductions for interest 
on borrowings allocable to Short-Term Trust Certificates in an amount not exceeding the deferred income 
until the deferred income is realised.

--- Page 190 ---
- 173 - 
 
 
For purposes of determining the amount of OID subject to these rules, all payments of Periodic Distribution 
Amounts on a Short-Term Trust Certificate are included in the Short-Term Trust Certificate's stated 
redemption price at maturity. A U.S. Holder may elect to determine OID on a Short-Term Trust Certificate 
as if the Short-Term Trust Certificate had been originally issued to the U.S. Holder at the U.S. Holder's 
purchase price for the Short-Term Trust Certificate. This election shall apply to all debt instruments 
(including Trust Certificates) with a maturity of one year or less acquired by the U.S. Holder on or after the 
first day of the first taxable year to which the election applies, and may not be revoked without the consent 
of the IRS. 
Market Discount 
A Trust Certificate, other than a Short-Term Trust Certificate, generally will be treated as purchased at a 
market discount (a "Market Discount Trust Certificate") if the Trust Certificate's stated redemption price 
at maturity or, in the case of a Discount Trust Certificate, the Trust Certificate's revised issue price, exceeds 
the amount for which the U.S. Holder purchased the Trust Certificate by at least 0.25 per cent. of the Trust 
Certificate's stated redemption price at maturity or revised issue price, respectively, multiplied by the 
number of complete years to the Trust Certificate's Scheduled Dissolution Date (or, in the case of a Trust 
Certificate that is an instalment obligation, the Trust Certificate's weighted average maturity). If this excess 
is not sufficient to cause the Trust Certificate to be a Market Discount Trust Certificate, then the excess 
constitutes de minimis market discount. For this purpose, the revised issue price of a Trust Certificate 
generally equals its issue price, increased by the amount of any OID that has accrued on the Trust Certificate 
and decreased by the amount of any payments previously made on the Trust Certificate that were not 
qualified stated interest payments. 
Any gain recognised on the maturity or disposition of a Market Discount Trust Certificate (including any 
payment on a Trust Certificate that is not qualified stated interest) will be treated as ordinary income to the 
extent that the gain does not exceed the accrued market discount on the Trust Certificate. Alternatively, a 
U.S. Holder of a Market Discount Trust Certificate may elect to include market discount in income currently 
over the life of the Trust Certificate. This election shall apply to all debt instruments with market discount 
acquired by the electing U.S. Holder on or after the first day of the first taxable year to which the election 
applies. This election may not be revoked without the consent of the IRS. A U.S. Holder of a Market 
Discount Trust Certificate that does not elect to include market discount in income currently generally will 
be required to defer deductions for interest on borrowings incurred to purchase or carry a Market Discount 
Trust Certificate that is in excess of the interest and OID on the Trust Certificate includible in the U.S. 
Holder's income, to the extent that this excess interest expense does not exceed the portion of the market 
discount allocable to the days on which the Market Discount Trust Certificate was held by the U.S. Holder. 
Market discount will accrue on a straight line basis unless the U.S. Holder elects to accrue the market 
discount on a constant yield method. This election applies only to the Market Discount Trust Certificate 
with respect to which it is made and is irrevocable. 
Trust Certificates Purchased at a Premium 
A U.S. Holder that purchases a Trust Certificate for an amount in excess of its face amount, or for a Discount 
Trust Certificate, its stated redemption price at maturity, may elect to treat the excess as "amortisable bond 
premium", in which case the amount required to be included in the U.S. Holder's income each year with 
respect to Periodic Distribution Amounts on the Trust Certificate will be reduced by the amount of 
amortisable bond premium allocable (based on the Trust Certificate's yield to maturity) to that year. Any 
election to amortise bond premium shall apply to all bonds (other than bonds the interest on which is 
excludable from gross income for U.S. federal income tax purposes) held by the U.S. Holder at the 
beginning of the first taxable year to which the election applies or thereafter acquired by the U.S. Holder, 
and is irrevocable without the consent of the IRS. See also "Original Issue Discount — Election to Treat 
All Periodic Distribution Amounts as Original Issue Discount" above. A U.S. Holder that does not elect to 
take bond premium (other than acquisition premium) into account currently will recognise a capital loss 
when the Trust Certificates mature. 
Sale or Other Disposition of Trust Certificates 
A U.S. Holder's tax basis in a Trust Certificate generally will be its cost, increased by the amount of any 
OID or market discount included in the U.S. Holder's income with respect to the Trust Certificate and the 
amount, if any, of income attributable to de minimis OID and de minimis market discount included in the 
U.S. Holder's income with respect to the Trust Certificate, and reduced by (i) the amount of any payments

--- Page 191 ---
- 174 - 
 
 
other than qualified stated interest payments, and (ii) the amount of any amortisable bond premium applied 
to reduce taxable income on the Trust Certificate. 
A U.S. Holder generally will recognise gain or loss on the sale or other disposition of a Trust Certificate 
equal to the difference between the amount realised on the sale or other disposition and the tax basis of the 
Trust Certificate. Except to the extent described above under "Original Issue Discount — Market Discount" 
or "Original Issue Discount — Short-Term Trust Certificates" above or attributable to accrued but unpaid 
qualified stated interest or changes in exchange rates (as discussed below), gain or loss recognised on the 
sale or other disposition of a Trust Certificate will be capital gain or loss and generally will be treated as 
from U.S. sources for purposes of the U.S. foreign tax credit limitation. In the case of a U.S. Holder that is 
an individual, estate or trust, the maximum marginal federal income tax rates applicable to capital gain are 
currently lower than the maximum marginal rates applicable to ordinary income if the Trust Certificates 
have been held for more than one year at the time of the sale or other disposition. The deductibility of 
capital losses is subject to significant limitations. 
Foreign Currency Trust Certificates 
Periodic Distribution Amounts and OID 
If a payment of Period Distribution Amounts is denominated in, or determined by reference to, a currency 
other than U.S. Dollars (a "foreign currency"), the amount of income recognised by a cash basis U.S. 
Holder will be the U.S. Dollar value of the payment of Period Distribution Amounts, based on the exchange 
rate in effect on the date of receipt, regardless of whether the payment is in fact converted into U.S. Dollars. 
An accrual basis U.S. Holder may determine the amount of income recognised with respect to a Foreign 
Currency Trust Certificate in accordance with either of two methods. 
Under the first method, the amount of income accrued will be based on the average exchange rate in effect 
during the accrual period (or, in the case of an accrual period that spans two taxable years of a U.S. Holder, 
the part of the period within the taxable year). Under the second method, the U.S. Holder may elect to 
determine the amount of income accrued on the basis of the exchange rate in effect on the last day of the 
accrual period (or, in the case of an accrual period that spans two taxable years, the exchange rate in effect 
on the last day of the part of the period within the taxable year). Additionally, if the last day of the accrual 
period is within five business days of the date of receipt of the accrued Period Distribution Amounts, a U.S. 
Holder that has made such election may translate accrued Period Distribution Amounts using the spot rate 
of exchange in effect on the date of receipt. The above election will apply to all debt obligations held by 
such U.S. Holder and may not be changed without the consent of the IRS. A U.S. Holder will recognize, as 
ordinary income or loss, foreign currency exchange gain or loss with respect to accrued income on the date 
the Period Distribution Amounts are actually or constructively received, reflecting fluctuations in currency 
exchange rates between the spot rate of exchange used to determine the accrued income for the relevant 
accrual period and the spot rate of exchange on the date Period Distribution Amounts are actually or 
constructively received. 
OID for each accrual period on a Discount Trust Certificate that is denominated in, or determined by 
reference to, a foreign currency, will be determined in the foreign currency and then translated into U.S. 
Dollars in the same manner as Period Distribution Amounts accrued by an accrual basis U.S. Holder, as 
described above. Upon receipt of an amount attributable to OID (whether in connection with a payment of 
Period Distribution Amounts or the sale or other disposition of the Trust Certificate), a U.S. Holder may 
recognise foreign exchange gain or loss (taxable as ordinary income or loss) equal to the difference between 
the amount received (translated into U.S. Dollars at the spot rate on the date of receipt) and the amount 
previously accrued, regardless of whether the payment is in fact converted into U.S. Dollars. 
Market Discount 
Market discount on a Trust Certificate that is denominated in, or determined by reference to, a foreign 
currency, will be accrued in the foreign currency. If the U.S. Holder elects to include market discount in 
income currently, the accrued market discount will be translated into U.S. Dollars at the average exchange 
rate for the accrual period (or portion thereof within the U.S. Holder's taxable year). Upon the receipt of an 
amount attributable to accrued market discount, the U.S. Holder may recognise U.S. source exchange gain 
or loss (which will be taxable as ordinary income or loss) determined in the same manner as for accrued 
Period Distribution Amounts or OID. A U.S. Holder that does not elect to include market discount in 
income currently will recognise, upon the disposition or maturity of the Trust Certificate, the U.S. Dollar

--- Page 192 ---
- 175 - 
 
 
value of the amount accrued, calculated at the spot rate on that date, and no part of this accrued market 
discount will be treated as exchange gain or loss. 
Bond Premium 
Bond premium (including acquisition premium) on a Trust Certificate that is denominated in, or determined 
by reference to, a foreign currency, will be computed in units of the foreign currency, and any such bond 
premium that is taken into account currently will reduce taxable income in units of the foreign currency. 
On the date bond premium offsets taxable income, a U.S. Holder may recognise U.S. source exchange gain 
or loss (taxable as ordinary income or loss) equal to the amount of offset multiplied by the difference 
between the spot rate in effect on that date, and the spot rate in effect on the date the Trust Certificates were 
acquired by the U.S. Holder. A U.S. Holder that does not elect to take bond premium (other than acquisition 
premium) into account will recognise a capital loss when the Trust Certificate matures. 
Sale or Other Disposition of Trust Certificates 
A U.S. Holder's tax basis in a Foreign Currency Trust Certificate will be determined by reference to the 
U.S. Dollar cost of the Trust Certificate. 
The amount realised on the sale, exchange, redemption or retirement of a Trust Certificate denominated in 
a Foreign Currency is treated as currency exchange gain or loss to the extent attributable to fluctuations in 
exchange rates between the time the Trust Certificate was acquired and the date of disposition. This 
exchange gain or loss will equal the difference between the U.S. Dollar value of the face amount of the 
Trust Certificates on the date of disposition or receipt of redemption proceeds, as applicable, and the U.S. 
Dollar value of the face amount on the date the U.S. Holder acquired the Trust Certificate. This exchange 
gain or loss will be realised only to the extent of the total gain or loss realised by a U.S. Holder on the 
disposition or retirement of the Trust Certificate and will be treated as ordinary income or loss. Aggregate 
gain or loss in excess of exchange gain or loss on a Trust Certificate will generally be treated as U.S. source 
capital gain or loss. 
Foreign Tax Credit Considerations 
If non-U.S. taxes were to be imposed on payments with respect to the Trust Certificates, see "Taxation —
Cayman Island" and "Taxation — UAE Taxation" above, subject to applicable limitations and holding 
period requirements, a U.S. Holder may be eligible to elect to claim a credit against its U.S. federal income 
tax liability for any such non-U.S. taxes. A U.S. Holder that does not claim a U.S. foreign tax credit 
generally may instead claim a deduction for any such non-U.S. taxes, but only for any taxable year in which 
such U.S. Holder elects to do so with respect to all non-U.S. income taxes. The rules relating to foreign tax 
credits are very complex, and recent changes to the foreign tax credit rules, introduced additional 
requirements and limitations (although the application of some of these changes has been deferred pending 
further guidance); each U.S. Holder should consult its own tax advisers regarding the application of such 
rules and the creditability or deductibility of any non-U.S. taxes. 
Backup Withholding and Information Reporting 
Information returns may be filed with the IRS in connection with payments of Periodic Distribution 
Amounts in respect of the Trust Certificates and the proceeds from sale, exchange or disposition of the 
Trust Certificates held by a U.S. Holder unless the U.S. Holder establishes, if required, that it is exempt 
from the information reporting rules, for example by properly establishing that it is a corporation. If the 
U.S. Holder does not establish that it is exempt from these rules, the U.S. Holder may be subject to backup 
withholding on these payments if it fails to provide a taxpayer identification number or otherwise comply 
with the backup withholding rules. 
The amount of any backup withholding from a payment to a U.S. Holder will be allowed as a credit against 
the U.S. Holder's U.S. federal income tax liability and may entitle the U.S. Holder to a refund, provided 
that the required information is timely furnished to the IRS. 
U.S. Holders should consult their advisers regarding any tax reporting or filing requirements they may have 
as a result of the acquisition, ownership or disposition of the Trust Certificates. Failure to comply with 
certain reporting or filing obligations could result in the imposition of substantial penalties.

--- Page 193 ---
- 176 - 
 
 
The proposed financial transactions tax (FTT) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission's Proposal") for 
a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, 
Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the "participating Member States"). However, Estonia has since stated 
that it will not participate. 
The Commission's Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in Trust 
Certificates (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and 
subscription of Trust Certificates should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission's Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Trust 
Certificates where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a 
participating Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a 
participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person 
established in a participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the 
dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU 
member states may decide to participate. 
Prospective holders of Trust Certificates are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the 
FTT.

--- Page 194 ---
- 177 - 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
Words and expressions defined in the Conditions shall have the same meanings in this section, 
"Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions". 
The Dealers have, in an amended and restated dealer agreement (such dealer agreement as modified and/or 
supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the "Dealer Agreement") dated 1 July 2024, agreed with 
the Trustee and the Government a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to 
purchase Trust Certificates. In the Dealer Agreement, each of the Trustee and the Government has agreed 
to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with any updates of the Programme and 
any issue of Trust Certificates under the Programme, and, subject to the terms of the Dealer Agreement, to 
indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by them in connection therewith. 
The relevant Dealers will be entitled in certain circumstances to be released and discharged from their 
obligations in respect of a proposed issue of Trust Certificates under or pursuant to the Dealer Agreement 
prior to the closing of the issue of such Trust Certificates, including in the event that certain conditions 
precedent are not delivered or met to their satisfaction on or before the issue date of such Trust Certificates. 
In this situation, the issuance of such Trust Certificates may not be completed. Investors will have no rights 
against each of the Trustee and the Government or the relevant Dealers in respect of any expense incurred 
or loss suffered in these circumstances. 
Transfer Restrictions 
As a result of the following restrictions, purchasers of Trust Certificates are advised to consult legal 
counsel prior to making any purchase, offer, sale, resale or other transfer of such Trust Certificates 
The Trust Certificates have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or with any 
securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, and may not be offered 
or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, except pursuant to an 
exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Accordingly, the Trust Certificates are being offered and sold: (i) in the United States only to persons 
reasonably believed to be QIBs that are also QPs in reliance on Rule 144A of the Securities Act; or (ii) to 
non U.S. persons in an offshore transaction in reliance on Regulation S. 
Each purchaser of Trust Certificates (other than a person purchasing an interest in a Global Trust Certificate 
with a view to holding it in the form of an interest in the same Global Trust Certificate) or person wishing 
to transfer an interest from one Global Trust Certificate to another or from global to definitive form or vice 
versa, will be required to acknowledge, represent and agree, and each person purchasing an interest in a 
Global Trust Certificates with a view to holding it in the form of an interest in the same Global Trust 
Certificate will be deemed to have acknowledged, represented and agreed, as follows (terms used in this 
paragraph that are defined in Rule 144A or in Regulation S are used herein as defined therein): 
(a) 
that either: (i) it is a QIB who is also a QP, purchasing (or holding) the Trust Certificates for its 
own account or for the account of one or more QIBs, each of which is also a QP, as to which it 
exercises sole investment discretion, and it is aware, and each beneficial owner of the Trust 
Certificates has been advised, that the sale of the Trust Certificates to it is being made in reliance 
on Rule 144A and the Trustee is relying, on a non exclusive basis, on the exemption from the 
registration requirements of the Investment Company Act provided by section 3(c)(7) or (ii) it is 
outside the United States and is not a U.S. person (within the meaning of Regulation S);  
(b) 
that it is not a broker-dealer which owns and invests on a discretionary basis less than 
U.S.$25,000,000 in securities of unaffiliated issuers; 
(c) 
that it is not formed for the purposes of investing in the Trustee; 
(d) 
that it, and each account for which it is purchasing, will hold and transfer at least the minimum 
denomination of Trust Certificates; 
(e) 
that it understands that the Trustee may receive a list of participants holding positions in its 
securities from one or more book entry depositories;  
(f) 
that the Trust Certificates are being offered and sold in a transaction not involving a public offering 
in the United States within the meaning of the Securities Act, and that the Trust Certificates have

--- Page 195 ---
- 178 - 
 
 
not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or any other applicable U.S. State 
securities laws and the Trustee has not registered and does not intend to register as an investment 
company under the Investment Company Act and, accordingly, the Trust Certificates may not be 
offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except 
as set forth below;  
(g) 
that, unless it holds an interest in an Unrestricted Global Trust Certificates and is either a person 
located outside the United States or is not a U.S. person, if in the future it decides to resell, pledge 
or otherwise transfer the Trust Certificates or any beneficial interests in the Trust Certificates, it 
will do so prior to the expiration of the applicable required holding period determined pursuant to 
Rule 144 of the Securities Act from the later of the last Issue Date for the Series and the last date 
on which the Trustee or an affiliate of the Trustee was the owner of such Trust Certificates, only 
(i) to the Trustee or any affiliate thereof, (ii) inside the United States to a person whom the seller 
and any person acting on its behalf reasonably believes is a QIB that is also a QP purchasing for 
its own account or for the account of one or more QIBs, each of which is also a QP in a transaction 
meeting the requirements of Rule 144A, (iii) outside the United States in compliance with Rule 
903 or Rule 904 of Regulation S under the Securities Act, (iv) pursuant to the exemption from 
registration provided by Rule 144 under the Securities Act (if available) or (v) pursuant to an 
effective registration statement under the Securities Act, in each case in accordance with all 
applicable securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States; 
(h) 
it will, and will require each subsequent holder to, notify any purchaser or transferee, as applicable, 
of the Trust Certificates from it of the resale and transfer restrictions referred to in paragraph (g) 
above, if then applicable; 
(i) 
that Trust Certificates initially offered and sold in the United States to QIBs that are QPs will be 
represented by one or more Restricted Global Trust Certificates and that Trust Certificates offered 
and sold outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S will be represented by one or more 
Unrestricted Global Trust Certificates; 
(j) 
that it understands that before any interest in Trust Certificates represented by a Restricted Global 
Trust Certificate may be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred to a person who takes 
delivery in the form of an interest in a Unrestricted Global Trust Certificate, it will be required to 
provide to each of the Principal Paying Agent and the Registrar a written confirmation substantially 
in the form set out in the Agency Agreement, amended as appropriate to the effect that such offer, 
sale, pledge or other transfer is being made in accordance with Regulation S; 
(k) 
that it understands that the Trustee has the power to compel any beneficial owner of Trust 
Certificates represented by a Restricted Global Trust Certificate that is a U.S. person and is not a 
QIB and also a QP to sell its interest in such Trust Certificates, or may sell such interest on behalf 
of such owner. The Trustee has the right to refuse to honour the transfer of an interest in any 
Restricted Global Trust Certificate to a U.S. person who is not both a QIB and a QP. Any purported 
transfer of an interest in a Restricted Global Trust Certificate to a purchaser that does not comply 
with the requirements of the transfer restrictions herein will be of no force and effect and will be 
void; 
(l) 
that the Restricted Global Trust Certificates, will bear a legend to the following effect, subject as 
provided in Condition 3.4 (Transfers of interests in Legended Trust Certificates):  
"THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), OR OTHER 
APPLICABLE U.S. STATE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OR OTHER 
JURISIDCTION OF THE UNITED STATES, AND THE TRUSTEE HAS NOT REGISTERED 
AND DOES NOT INTEND TO REGISTER AS AN INVESTMENT COMPANY UNDER THE 
INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT OF 1940, AS AMENDED (THE "INVESTMENT 
COMPANY ACT"), AND, ACCORDINGLY, THIS SECURITY MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR 
SOLD WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, 
U.S. PERSONS EXCEPT AS SET FORTH IN THE FOLLOWING SENTENCE. BY ITS 
ACQUISITION HEREOF, THE HOLDER: (A) REPRESENTS THAT IT IS A "QUALIFIED 
INSTITUTIONAL BUYER" (AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) 
("QIB") THAT IS ALSO A "QUALIFIED PURCHASER" (AS DEFINED IN SECTION 
2(A)(51)(A) OF THE INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT) ("QP") PURCHASING THIS

--- Page 196 ---
- 179 - 
 
 
SECURITY FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF ONE OR MORE QIBs 
THAT ARE ALSO QPs IN A MINIMUM FACE AMOUNT OF U.S.$200,000 (OR THE 
EQUIVALENT AMOUNT IN A FOREIGN CURRENCY) THAT IS NOT (I) A BROKER-
DEALER WHICH OWNS AND INVESTS ON A DISCRETIONARY BASIS LESS THAN 
U.S.$25,000,000 IN SECURITIES OF UNAFFILIATED ISSUERS, (II) FORMED FOR THE 
PURPOSE OF INVESTING IN THE TRUSTEE AND (III) A PLAN OR TRUST FUND 
REFERRED TO IN PARAGRAPH (A)(1)(I)(D), (E) OR (F) OF RULE 144A IF INVESTMENT 
DECISIONS WITH RESPECT TO THE PLAN ARE MADE BY THE BENEFICIARIES OF 
THE PLAN; (B) AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT RESELL, PLEDGE OR OTHERWISE 
TRANSFER THIS SECURITY EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE AGENCY 
AGREEMENT AND PRIOR TO THE EXPIRATION OF THE APPLICABLE REQUIRED 
HOLDING PERIOD DETERMINED PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OF THE SECURITIES ACT 
FROM THE LATER OF THE LAST ISSUE DATE FOR THE SERIES AND THE LAST DATE 
ON WHICH THE TRUSTEE OR AN AFFILIATE OF THE TRUSTEE WAS THE OWNER OF 
SUCH SECURITIES, OTHER THAN (1) TO THE TRUSTEE OR ANY AFFILIATE THEREOF, 
(2) INSIDE THE UNITED STATES TO A PERSON WHOM THE SELLER AND ANY 
PERSON ACTING ON ITS BEHALF REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A QIB THAT IS ALSO A 
QP PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF A QIB THAT IS 
ALSO A QP IN A TRANSACTION MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 144A, (3) 
OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES TO NON-U.S. PERSONS IN COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 
903 OR RULE 904 OF REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, (4) PURSUANT TO 
THE EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION PROVIDED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT (IF AVAILABLE) OR (5) PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE 
REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, IN EACH CASE IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF THE STATES OF THE 
UNITED STATES AND ANY OTHER JURISDICTION; AND (C) IT AGREES THAT IT WILL 
DELIVER TO EACH PERSON TO WHOM THIS SECURITY IS TRANSFERRED A NOTICE 
SUBSTANTIALLY TO THE EFFECT OF THIS LEGEND. NO REPRESENTATION CAN BE 
MADE AS TO THE AVAILABILITY OF THE EXEMPTION PROVIDED BY RULE 144 OF 
THE SECURITIES ACT FOR RESALES AND OTHER TRANSFERS OF THIS SECURITY. 
THIS SECURITY AND RELATED DOCUMENTATION (INCLUDING, WITHOUT 
LIMITATION, THE AGENCY AGREEMENT REFERRED TO HEREIN) MAY BE 
AMENDED OR SUPPLEMENTED FROM TIME TO TIME, WITHOUT THE CONSENT OF, 
BUT UPON NOTICE TO, THE HOLDERS OF SUCH SECURITIES SENT TO THEIR 
REGISTERED ADDRESSES, TO MODIFY THE RESTRICTIONS ON AND PROCEDURES 
FOR RESALES AND OTHER TRANSFERS OF THIS SECURITY TO REFLECT ANY 
CHANGE IN APPLICABLE LAW OR REGULATION (OR THE INTERPRETATION 
THEREOF) OR IN PRACTICES RELATING TO RESALES OR OTHER TRANSFERS OF 
RESTRICTED SECURITIES GENERALLY. THE HOLDER OF THIS SECURITY SHALL BE 
DEEMED, BY ITS ACCEPTANCE OR PURCHASE HEREOF, TO HAVE AGREED TO ANY 
SUCH AMENDMENT OR SUPPLEMENT (EACH OF WHICH SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE 
AND BINDING ON THE HOLDER HEREOF AND ALL FUTURE HOLDERS OF THIS 
SECURITY AND ANY SECURITIES ISSUED IN EXCHANGE OR SUBSTITUTION 
THEREFOR, WHETHER OR NOT ANY NOTATION THEREOF IS MADE HEREON)."; 
(m) 
if it is outside the United States and is not a U.S. person, that if it should resell or otherwise transfer 
the Trust Certificates, prior to the expiration of the distribution compliance period (defined as 40 
days after the later of the commencement of the offering and the closing date with respect to the 
original issuance of each Tranche of the Trust Certificates), it will do so only (i)(A) outside the 
United States in compliance with Rule 903 or 904 under the Securities Act or (B) to a QIB who is 
also a QP in compliance with Rule 144A and (ii), it shall do so in accordance with all applicable 
U.S. State securities laws; and it acknowledges that the Unrestricted Global Trust Certificates will 
bear a legend to the following effect unless otherwise agreed to by the Trustee: 
"THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), OR THE 
SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED 
STATES AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE UNITED 
STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS EXCEPT IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH THE AGENCY AGREEMENT AND PURSUANT TO AN

--- Page 197 ---
- 180 - 
 
 
EXEMPTION FROM, OR A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, REGISTRATION UNDER 
THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION 
STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. THIS LEGEND SHALL CEASE TO APPLY 
UPON THE EXPIRY OF THE PERIOD OF 40 DAYS AFTER THE COMPLETION OF THE 
DISTRIBUTION OF ALL THE TRUST CERTIFICATES OF THE TRANCHE OF WHICH 
THIS TRUST CERTIFICATE FORMS PART"; and 
(n) 
that the Trustee, each Agent, each Manager and their affiliates or, as the case may be, the relevant 
Dealer and its affiliates and others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing 
acknowledgements, representations and agreements and agrees that if any of such 
acknowledgements, representations or agreements made by it are no longer accurate, it shall 
promptly notify the Trustee and the Managers or, as the case may be, the relevant Dealer; and if it 
is acquiring any Trust Certificates as a fiduciary or agent for one or more accounts it represents 
that it has sole investment discretion with respect to each such account and that it has full power 
to make the foregoing acknowledgements, representations and agreements on behalf of each such 
account. 
No sale of Legended Trust Certificates in the United States to any one purchaser will be for less than 
U.S.$200,000 (or its foreign currency equivalent) face amount and no Legended Trust Certificate will be 
issued in connection with such a sale in a smaller face amount. If the purchaser is a non-bank fiduciary 
acting on behalf of others, each person for whom it is acting must purchase at least U.S.$200,000 (or its 
foreign currency equivalent) of Registered Trust Certificates. 
Selling Restrictions 
United States 
The Trust Certificates have not been nor will be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws 
of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, and the Trust Certificates may not be offered or sold 
or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in 
Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S")) except in accordance with Regulation S or 
pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver any 
Trust Certificates (a) as part of their distribution at any time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the 
completion of the distribution of all Trust Certificates of the Tranche of which such Trust Certificates are 
a part, within the United States, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, other than pursuant to 
Regulation S, and such Dealer will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Trust Certificates during the 
distribution compliance period relating thereto, a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions 
on offers and sales of the Trust Certificates within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, 
U.S. persons. 
Accordingly, neither it, its affiliates nor any person acting on its or their behalf has engaged or will engage 
in any directed selling efforts with respect to the Trust Certificates, and it and they have complied and will 
comply with the offering restrictions requirement of Regulation S. Terms used in the paragraph above have 
the meaning given to them by Regulation S. 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted, undertaken and agreed that neither it nor any of its affiliates (as 
defined in Rule 501(b) of Regulation D), nor any person acting on its or their behalf has engaged or will 
engage in any form of general solicitation or general advertising (within the meaning of Regulation D) in 
connection with any offer and sale of the Trust Certificates in the United States. 
Each Dealer may, through its respective U.S. registered broker dealer affiliates, arrange for the offer and 
resale of the Trust Certificates in the United States only to QIBs that are QPs in accordance with Rule 144A. 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted, undertaken and agreed that it has offered and sold and will offer 
and sell the Trust Certificates in the United States only to persons whom it reasonably believes are QIBs 
and QPs who can represent that: (A) they are QIBs that are QPs within the meaning of Rule 144A; (B) they 
are not broker dealers who own and invest on a discretionary basis less than U.S.$25,000,000 in securities 
of unaffiliated issuers; (C) they are not a participant directed employee plan, such as a 401(k) plan; (D) they 
are acting for their own account, or the account of one or more QIBs each of which is a QP; (E) they are 
not formed for the purpose of investing in the Trust Certificates or the Trustee; (F) each account for which

--- Page 198 ---
- 181 - 
 
 
they are purchasing will hold and transfer at least U.S.$200,000 in face amount of Trust Certificates at any 
time; (G) they understand that the Trustee may receive a list of participants holding positions in its securities 
from one or more book entry depositories; and (H) they will provide notice of the transfer restrictions set 
forth in the Base Prospectus to any subsequent transferees. 
In connection with the offer and resale of the Trust Certificates in the United States each Dealer has 
represented and agreed that it is a QIB that is also a QP. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Trust Certificates comprising any 
Tranche, any offer or sale of Trust Certificates within the United States by any dealer (whether or not 
participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or 
sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an available exemption from registration under the 
Securities Act. 
Dealers may arrange for the resale of Trust Certificates to QIBs that are also QPs pursuant to Rule 144A 
and each such purchaser of Trust Certificates is hereby notified that the Dealers may be relying on the 
exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A. The minimum 
aggregate face amount of Trust Certificates which may be purchased by a QIB that is also a QP pursuant 
to Rule 144A is U.S.$200,000 (or the approximate equivalent thereof in any other currency). To permit 
compliance with Rule 144A in connection with any resales or other transfers of Trust Certificates that are 
"restricted securities" within the meaning of the Securities Act, the Trustee has undertaken in the Master 
Declaration of Trust to furnish, upon the request of a holder of such Trust Certificates or any beneficial 
interest therein, to such holder or to a prospective purchaser designated by him, the information required to 
be delivered under Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act if, at the time of the request, any of the Trust 
Certificates remain outstanding as "restricted securities" within the meaning of Rule 144(a)(3) of the 
Securities Act and the Trustee is not a reporting company under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act 
or exempt from reporting pursuant to Rule 12g3-2(b) thereunder. 
United Kingdom 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Trust Certificates which 
are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final 
Terms in relation thereto to the public in the UK except that it may make an offer of such Trust Certificates 
to the public in the UK: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the UK subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Trustee for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Trust Certificates referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Trustee, 
the Government or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement 
a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "an offer of Trust Certificates to the public" in relation 
to any Trust Certificates means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information 
on the terms of the offer and the Trust Certificates to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Trust Certificates and the expression "UK Prospectus Regulation" means 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other UK Regulatory Restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Trust Certificates which have a maturity of less than one year: (i) it is a person 
whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments 
(as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will

--- Page 199 ---
- 182 - 
 
 
not offer or sell any Trust Certificates other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them 
in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the 
purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose 
of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the 
Trust Certificates would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the 
Trustee; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to 
be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning 
of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Trust 
Certificates in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Trustee or 
the Government; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Trust Certificates in, from or otherwise involving the United 
Kingdom. 
European Economic Area 
In relation to each Member State of the EEA (each a "Member State"), each Dealer has represented and 
agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and 
agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Trust Certificates which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the 
public in that Member State, except that it may, make an offer of such Trust Certificates to the public in 
that Member State: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the EU Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
the EU Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer(s) 
nominated by the Trustee and the Government for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Trust Certificates referred to above shall require the Trustee, the 
Government or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or 
supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation.  
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Trust Certificates to the public" in relation to 
any Trust Certificates in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Trust Certificates to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Trust Certificates and the expression "EU Prospectus 
Regulation" for the purposes of this paragraph means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
Kingdom of Bahrain 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold, and will not offer or sell, any Trust 
Certificates: except on a private placement basis, to persons in the Kingdom of Bahrain who are "accredited 
investors". 
For this purpose, an "accredited investor" means: 
(a) 
an individual holding financial assets (either singly or jointly with a spouse) of U.S.$1,000,000 or 
more (excluding that person's principal place of residence); 
(b) 
a company, partnership, trust or other commercial undertaking which has financial assets available 
for investment of not less than U.S.$1,000,000; or 
(c) 
a government, supranational organisation, central bank or other national monetary authority or a 
state organisation whose main activity is to invest in financial instruments (such as a state pension 
fund).

--- Page 200 ---
- 183 - 
 
 
Sultanate of Oman 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
this Base Prospectus has not been filed with or registered as a prospectus with the Capital Market 
Authority of Oman pursuant to Article 3 of the Capital Market Authority Law (SD 80/98, as 
amended) (Article 3), will not be offered or sold as an offer of securities in Oman as contemplated 
by the Commercial Companies Law of Oman (SD 18/19, as amended) or Article 3, nor does it 
constitute a sukuk offering pursuant to the Sukuk Regulation issued by the Capital Market 
Authority of Oman (CMA Decision 3/2016); and 
(b) 
the Trust Certificates have not been and will not be offered, sold or delivered, and no invitation to 
subscribe for or to purchase the Trust Certificates has been or will be made, directly or indirectly, 
nor may any document or other material in connection therewith be distributed in Oman to any 
person in Oman other than by an entity duly licensed by the Capital Market Authority of Oman to 
market non-Omani securities in Oman and then only in accordance with all applicable laws and 
regulations, including Article 139 of the Executive Regulations of the Capital Markets Law 
(Decision No. 1/2009, as amended). 
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia 
No action has been or will be taken in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia that would permit a public offering of 
the Trust Certificates. Any investor in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia or who is a Saudi person (a "Saudi 
Investor") who acquires any Trust Certificates pursuant to an offering should note that the offer of Trust 
Certificates is a private placement under Article 8 of the "Rules on the Offer of Securities and Continuing 
Obligations" as issued by the Board of the Capital Market Authority resolution number 3-123-2017 dated 
9/04/1439H (corresponding to 27 December 2017), as amended by its resolution number 3-6-2024 dated 
05/07/1445H (corresponding to 17 January 2024) (the "KSA Regulations"), made through a capital market 
institution licensed to carry out arranging activities by the Capital Market Authority and following a 
notification to the Capital Market Authority under Article 10 of the KSA Regulations. 
The Trust Certificates may thus not be advertised, offered or sold to any person in the Kingdom of Saudi 
Arabia other than to "institutional and qualified clients" under Article 8(a)(1) of the KSA Regulations or 
by way of a limited offer under Article 9 of the KSA Regulations. Each Dealer has represented and agreed 
that any offer of Trust Certificates made by it to a Saudi Investor will be made in compliance with Article 
10 and either Article 8(a)(1) or Article 9 of the KSA Regulations. 
Each offer of Trust Certificates shall not therefore constitute a "public offer", an "exempt offer" or a 
"parallel market offer" pursuant to the KSA Regulations, but is subject to the restrictions on secondary 
market activity under Article 14 of the KSA Regulations. 
State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre) 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, delivered or sold, and will not offer, sell or deliver 
at any time, directly or indirectly, any Trust Certificates in the State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial 
Centre), except: (i) in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations of the State of Qatar (including 
the Qatar Financial Centre); and (ii) through persons or corporate entities authorised and licensed to provide 
investment advice and/or engage in brokerage activity and/or trade in respect of foreign securities in the 
State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre). 
This Base Prospectus: (i) has not been, and will not be, registered with or approved by the Qatar Financial 
Markets Authority, the Qatar Central Bank, the Qatar Stock Exchange or the Qatar Financial Centre 
Regulatory Authority and may not be publicly distributed in the State of Qatar (including the Qatar 
Financial Centre); (ii) is intended for the original recipient only and must not be provided to any other 
person; and (iii) is not for general circulation in the State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre) 
and may not be reproduced or used for any other purpose.

--- Page 201 ---
- 184 - 
 
 
Cayman Islands 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that no invitation, whether directly or indirectly, has been or will be made 
to the public in the Cayman Islands to subscribe for any Trust Certificates issued under the Programme and 
this Base Prospectus shall not be construed as an invitation to any member of the public of the Cayman 
Islands to subscribe for any Trust Certificates. 
UAE (excluding the Dubai International Financial Centre and the Abu Dhabi Global Market) 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that the Trust Certificates have not been and will not be offered, sold or 
publicly promoted or advertised by it in the UAE other than in compliance with any laws applicable in the 
UAE governing the issue, offering or sale of securities. 
Abu Dhabi Global Market 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered and will not offer the Trust Certificates to any person 
in the Abu Dhabi Global Market unless such offer is: 
(a) 
an "Exempt Offer" in accordance with the Financial Services Regulatory Authority (the "FSRA") 
Financial Services and Markets Regulations 2015 (the "FSMR") and the FSRA Markets Rules; 
(b) 
made only to persons who meet the Professional Client criteria set out in Rule 2.4.1 of the FSRA 
Conduct of Business Rules; and 
(c) 
made only in circumstances in which section 18(1) of the FSMR does not apply. 
Dubai International Financial Centre 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered and will not offer the Trust Certificates to be issued 
under the Programme to any person in the DIFC unless such offer is: 
(a) 
an "Exempt Offer" in accordance with the Markets Rules (MKT) Module of the DFSA Rulebook; 
and 
(b) 
made only to persons who meet the Professional Client criteria set out in Rule 2.3.3 of the DFSA 
Conduct of Business Module of the DFSA Rulebook. 
State of Kuwait 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that the Trust Certificates to be issued have not been and will not be offered, 
sold, promoted or advertised by it in the State of Kuwait other than in compliance with Decree Law No. 31 
of 1990 and the implementing regulations thereto, as amended, and Law No. 7 of 2010 and the bylaws 
thereto, as amended governing the issue, offering and sale of securities. 
No private or public offering of the Trust Certificates is being made in the State of Kuwait, and no 
agreement relating to the sale of the Trust Certificates will be concluded in the State of Kuwait. No 
marketing or solicitation or inducement activities are being used to offer or market the Trust Certificates in 
the State of Kuwait. 
Hong Kong 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any 
Trust Certificates (except for Trust Certificates which are "structured products" as defined in the 
Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap.571) of Hong Kong (the "SFO")) other than: (i) to 
"professional investors" as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO; or (ii) in other

--- Page 202 ---
- 185 - 
 
 
circumstances which do not result in the document being a "prospectus" as defined in the 
Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the 
"C(WUMP)O") or which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the 
C(WUMP)O; and 
(b) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, in each case whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any 
advertisement, invitation or document relating to the Trust Certificates, which is directed at, or the 
contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public in Hong Kong (except if permitted 
to do so under the laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to the Trust Certificates which are 
or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to "professional 
investors" as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been and will not be registered as a prospectus with the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or 
sold any Trust Certificates or caused the Trust Certificates to be made the subject of an invitation for 
subscription or purchase, and will not offer or sell any Trust Certificates or cause the Trust Certificates to 
be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor 
will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the 
offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Trust Certificates, whether directly or 
indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of 
the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA")) 
pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4(A) of the SFA) 
pursuant to and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA. 
Switzerland 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to acknowledge, that neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to 
the Trust Certificate constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the Swiss Financial Services Act ("FinSA") and 
no application has or will be made to admit the Trust Certificates to trading on any trading venue (exchange 
or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programne will be required to represent and agree, that: (i) the 
Trust Certificates may not be publicly offered, sold or advertised by it, directly or indirectly, in or from 
Switzerland; and (ii) neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to 
the Trust Certificates may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available by it in Switzerland. 
Malaysia 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Securities Commission of 
Malaysia (the "SC") under the Capital Markets and Services Act 2007 of Malaysia (the "CSMA"); 
and 
(b) 
accordingly, the Trust Certificates have not been and will not be offered or sold, and no invitation 
to subscribe for or purchase the Trust Certificates has been or will be made, directly or indirectly, 
nor may any document or other material in connection therewith be distributed in Malaysia, other 
than to persons falling within any one of the categories of persons specified under Part 1 of 
Schedule 6 (or Section 229(1)(b)) and Part 1 of Schedule 7 (or Section 230(1)(b)) and Schedule 8 
or (Section 257(3)), read together with Schedule 9 (or Section 257(3)) of the CSMA, subject to 
any law, order, regulation or official directive of the Central Bank of Malaysia, the SC and/or any 
other regulatory authority from time to time. 
Residents of Malaysia may be required to obtain relevant regulatory approvals, including approval from 
the Central Bank of Malaysia to purchase the Trust Certificates. The onus is on the Malaysian residents 
concerned to obtain such regulatory approvals and none of the Dealers shall be responsible for any

--- Page 203 ---
- 186 - 
 
 
invitation, offer, sale or purchase of Trust Certificates as aforesaid without the necessary approvals being 
in place. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all 
applicable securities laws, regulations and directives in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, 
offers, sells or delivers Trust Certificates or possesses or distributes this Base Prospectus, any other offering 
material or any Final Terms and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the 
purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Trust Certificates under the laws and regulations in force in any 
jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and none 
of the Trustee, the Government and any other Dealer shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Trustee, the Government or any of the Dealers: (i) makes any representation that any action 
has been or will be taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering of any Trust Certificates, 
or possession or distribution of this Base Prospectus, any other offering, material or any Final Terms, in 
any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required; or (ii) represents that Trust Certificates 
may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in 
any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for 
facilitating any such sale. 
With regard to each Tranche, the relevant Dealer(s) will be required to comply with any additional 
restrictions agreed between the Trustee, the Government and the relevant Dealer(s) and set out in the 
relevant dealer accession letter or subscription agreement, as the case may be. Any such modification will 
be set out in the Final Terms issued in respect of the issue of Trust Certificates to which it relates or in a 
supplement to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 204 ---
- 187 - 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The update of the Programme and the entry of the Trustee into the transaction contemplated by the 
Transaction Documents and the execution thereof has been duly authorised by a resolution of the Board of 
Directors of the Trustee dated 28 June 2024. The issuance of the Trust Certificates and the entry by the 
Government into the Transaction Documents to which it is a party was duly authorised by Emiri Decree 
No, 57 of 2014 of the Ruler's Court of the Government issued on 19 August 2014. 
The Trustee and the Government have each obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations 
in connection with the establishment of the Programme and will obtain all necessary consents, approvals 
and authorisations in connection with the issue of any Trust Certificates thereunder and the execution and 
performance of the Transaction Documents to which they are a party. 
Listing of Trust Certificates 
It is expected that each Tranche of Trust Certificates which is to be admitted to the Official List and to 
trading on Euronext Dublin's regulated market will be admitted separately as and when issued, subject only 
to the issue of a Global Trust Certificate initially representing the Trust Certificates of such Tranche. 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Trust Certificates issued under the Programme to be 
admitted to the Official List and to trading on its regulated market. The approval of the Programme in 
respect of Trust Certificates is expected to be granted on or about 1 July 2024. Prior to the official listing 
and admission to trading, however, dealings will be permitted.  
Application has also been made to the DFSA for the Trust Certificates to be admitted to the DFSA Official 
List and to be admitted to trading on Nasdaq Dubai. The Trust Certificates are expected to be admitted to 
the DFSA Official List and admitted to trading on Nasdaq Dubai on or about 1 July 2024. 
The Programme provides that Trust Certificates may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, 
on such other or further stock exchanges or markets as may be agreed between the Trustee, the Government 
and the relevant Dealer(s). Unlisted Trust Certificates may also be issued pursuant to the Programme. 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as Irish listing agent for the Government 
and the Trustee in connection with the Trust Certificates and is not itself seeking admission of the Trust 
Certificates to the Official List or to trading on the Regulated Market for the purposes of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation. 
No Significant Change 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of the Government 
and there has been no significant change in tax and budgetary systems, foreign exchange reserves, gross 
public debt and income and expenditure figures of the Government, in each case, since 31 December 2023. 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of the Trustee and 
no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of the Trustee, in each case, since the date 
of its incorporation. 
Litigation 
Neither the Government nor the Trustee is or has been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Government or 
the Trustee is aware) during the 12 months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus which may have or 
has had in the recent past significant effects on the financial position of the Government and/or the financial 
position or profitability of the Trustee. 
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents 
will, when published, be made available in electronic form for inspection on the website of Euronext Dublin 
at https://live.euronext.com/en/product/bonds-detail/25317/documents: 
(a) 
copies of the constitutional documents of the Trustee; and

--- Page 205 ---
- 188 - 
 
 
(b) 
the Master Declaration of Trust and each relevant Supplemental Declaration of Trust in relation to 
Trust Certificates which are listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on the Regulated 
Market. 
The applicable Final Terms for Trust Certificates that are listed on the: (i) Official List and admitted to 
trading on the Regulated Market; and (ii) DFSA Official List and admitted to trading on Nasdaq Dubai will 
be published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://live.euronext.com/en/product/bonds-
detail/25317/documents and the website of Nasdaq Dubai at http://www.nasdaqdubai.com.  
Clearing Systems 
The Trust Certificates have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
(which are the entities in charge of keeping the records). In addition, the Trustee may make an application 
for the Trust Certificates to be accepted for trading in book-entry form by DTC. The CUSIP and/or CINS 
numbers for each Tranche of such Trust Certificates, together with the appropriate common code, 
International Securities Identification Number (ISIN), Financial Instrument Short Name (FISN) and/or 
Classification of Financial Instruments (CFI) code (as applicable) for each Tranche of Trust Certificates 
may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. If the Trust Certificates are to clear through an additional 
or alternative clearing system, the appropriate information may be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels and 
the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg. The address of DTC is 55 Water Street, New York, New York 10041, United States of 
America. 
Trustee's Legal Entity Identifier 
The Trustee's Legal Entity Identifier ("LEI") code is 549300N3BQ9P6RRMVV02. 
Third-Party Information 
Where information in this Base Prospectus has been sourced from third parties, this information has been 
accurately reproduced and, as far as the Trustee or the Government is aware and is able to ascertain from 
the information published by such third parties, no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. The source of third party information is identified where 
used. 
Dealer not acting for any prospective or actual holders of Trust Certificates 
Each of the Arrangers is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority (the "PRA") and regulated by 
the PRA and the Financial Conduct Authority in the United Kingdom. None of the Dealers or the Arrangers 
is acting for any actual or prospective holders of Trust Certificates, and are neither advising nor treating as 
a client any other person and will not be responsible to any actual or prospective holders of Trust 
Certificates and will not be responsible to anyone other than the Trustee for providing the protections 
afforded to its clients nor for providing the services in relation to the offering described in this Base 
Prospectus and/or the applicable Final Terms or any transaction or arrangement referred to herein or therein. 
None of the Dealers, the Arrangers nor any of their respective affiliates has authorised the content of, or 
any part of, this Base Prospectus and/or the applicable Final Terms. 
Dealers transacting with the Government 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in various financial 
advisory, investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, 
the Government of the Emirate of Sharjah and/or the Sharjah Finance Department and/or their affiliates 
(including any other public sector instrumentality, as defined in the Conditions) in the ordinary course of 
business for which they have received, and for which they may in the future receive, fees and expenses. In 
particular, certain of the Dealers are lenders to the Government of the Emirate of Sharjah (and/or the Sharjah 
Finance Department and/or their affiliates (including any other public sector instrumentality)) and proceeds 
from the issue of the Trust Certificates may be used to repay such outstanding loan facilities. In connection 
with any offering under the Programme the Dealers may purchase and sell Trust Certificates in the open 
market.

--- Page 206 ---
- 189 - 
 
 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or 
hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative 
securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of 
their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the 
Government of the Emirate of Sharjah and/or the Sharjah Finance Department and/or their respective 
affiliates (including any other public sector instrumentality). Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that 
have a lending relationship with the Government of the Emirate of Sharjah and/or the Sharjah Finance 
Department and/or their respective affiliates (including any other public sector instrumentality) routinely 
hedge their credit exposure to the Government of the Emirate of Sharjah and/or the Sharjah Finance 
Department and/or their respective affiliates (including any other public sector instrumentality) consistent 
with their customary risk management policies. 
Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which 
consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including 
potentially the Trust Certificates. Any such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of 
the Trust Certificates issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make 
investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such 
securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or 
short positions in such securities and instruments. 
Cayman Islands Data Protection 
The Trustee has certain duties under the Data Protection Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands (the 
"DPA") based on internationally accepted principles of data privacy.  
Prospective investors should note that, by virtue of making investments in the Trust Certificates and the 
associated interactions with the Trustee and its affiliates and/or delegates, or by virtue of providing the 
Trustee with personal information on individuals connected with the investor (for example directors, 
trustees, employees, representatives, shareholders, investors, clients, beneficial owners or agents) such 
individuals may be providing the Trustee and its affiliates and/or delegates with certain personal 
information which constitutes personal data within the meaning of the DPA. The Trustee shall act as a data 
controller in respect of this personal data and its affiliates and/or delegates may act as data processors (or 
data controllers in their own right in some circumstances). 
For further information on the application of the DPA to the Trustee, please refer to the Privacy Notice (a 
copy of which may be requested from the Trustee by email at dmo@sfd.gov.ae), which provides an outline 
of investors' data protection rights and obligations as they relate to the investment in the Trust Certificates. 
Oversight of the DPA is the responsibility of the Ombudsman's office of the Cayman Islands. Breach of the 
DPA by the Trustee could lead to enforcement action by the Ombudsman, including the imposition of 
remediation orders, monetary penalties or referral for criminal prosecution. 
Validity of this Base Prospectus 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Trustee shall have no obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus after 
the end of its 12-month validity period. 
Obligor's Website 
 
The Obligor's website is https://www.sfd.gov.ae/. Unless specifically incorporated by reference into this 
Base Prospectus (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference"), the information contained on this website 
or any other website referred to in this Base Prospectus is not expressly incorporated by reference into, or 
otherwise included in, this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 207 ---
- 190 - 
 
 
APPENDIX – FISCAL PLAN

--- Page 208 ---
1 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Government of Sharjah 
Medium-Term Financial Outlook 
January 2023

--- Page 209 ---
2 
 
Table of Contents 
Section 1: Introduction ............................................................................................ 3 
Section 2: Financial context .................................................................................... 5 
Section 3: Policy stance and Fiscal Objective ........................................................ 7 
Section 4: Key forecast items and fiscal adjustment measures ........................... 8 
Section 5: Fiscal forecast ....................................................................................... 15 
Section 6: Governance and communications ...................................................... 18 
Disclaimer  .............................................................................................................. 19

--- Page 210 ---
3 
 
Section 1: Introduction 
The Government of Sharjah is committed to achieving sustainable financial performance 
over the short, medium and long term. Stable public finances underpin economic confidence, 
inward investment, and the Government’s ability to develop the local economy and society.  
Sharjah is renowned for taking a responsible, gradual approach to economic development 
and social change, and the Government applies the same philosophy to public financial 
management. Under the direction of the Ruler, H.H. Sheikh Dr Sultan Bin Mohamed Al Qasimi, 
and Sharjah Executive Council, Sharjah Finance Department has developed a modern and 
sophisticated financial architecture that ensures prudent and transparent management of public 
funds.  
The Government of Sharjah has traditionally operated under an annual budgetary cycle, 
coordinated by Sharjah Finance Department. Through this Medium-Term Financial Outlook, the 
Government is setting out its multi-year, medium-term financial plans for the first time. The plans 
are placed in the context of the Emirate’s recent financial history and the Government’s 
longstanding objectives for sustainable economic development and good governance.  
This document establishes the Government of Sharjah’s policy intention to balance the 
primary budget by 2027, and until at least 2030. It details various policy measures, planned 
budgetary limits and expected economic and regulatory developments in terms of their impact on 
revenues and expenditure over the relevant period: 2023 to 2030. Based on these factors, the 
document presents a Fiscal Forecast, showing the expected evolution of the main measures of 
fiscal performance and sustainability, and the degree of compliance with the stated policy 
intention.  
The Fiscal Forecast presented here represents the Government’s current best and fairest 
estimate of how revenues and expenditure will evolve, but is subject to a degree of uncertainty. 
Some of the measures reflected in the Fiscal Forecast are still under development and remain 
subject to revision of the applicable policy or the expected financial effect. In addition, the 
Government may choose to bring forward additional policy changes to further strengthen fiscal 
performance.

--- Page 211 ---
4 
 
The final section of this document briefly sets out the governance arrangements for medium-
term fiscal planning and reporting in the Government of Sharjah.

--- Page 212 ---
5 
 
Section 2: Financial context 
2.1 Expansion of government activities 
In recent years, the Government of Sharjah has increased public borrowing in order to fund a 
substantial expansion of the activities of the state. This has included: 
 a concerted programme of infrastructure development, regenerating urban areas and 
transforming connectivity in the more remote Central and Eastern Regions of the Emirate; 
 a more extensive set of social benefits and welfare, from education and housing to minimum 
salaries and pensions; and 
 significant improvements in the quality and availability of public services and amenities.  
2.2 Budget deficit 
The increase in government expenditure has been supportive of long-term, sustainable 
economic growth, ensuring that multiple areas of Sharjah remain attractive places to live, work 
and do business. However, much of the government revenue generated from the anticipated 
economic benefits will accrue indirectly, or only over a long period of time.  
As such, there has been a growing gap between government expenditure and revenue levels 
over the past decade, with the annual budget deficit reaching AED 6.1 billion by 2019. Despite the 
UAE’s world-leading response to the Covid-19 pandemic, the Government of Sharjah was not 
completely insulated from the economic and financial effects of movement restrictions, and 
experienced larger budget deficits in 2020 and 2021 as a result (AED 7.8 billion and AED 10.7 
billion respectively).  
Financial restraint and improving economic conditions allowed the Government to reduce the 
budget deficit to AED 8.5 billion in 2022 (preliminary estimate), although this remains high by 
historical standards. 
2.3 Public debt 
The persistent budget deficit has led to an accumulation of public debt. Sharjah’s gross general 
government debt has risen from extremely low levels by international standards (just 4% of GDP 
in 2012) to a level more consistent with international norms (estimated 46% of GDP in 2022).

--- Page 213 ---
6 
 
Thanks to active debt management policies and good market access, the Government of 
Sharjah has kept debt servicing costs at manageable levels, remaining below AED 2 billion until 
2021. Nevertheless, the Government’s revenue base is small relative to most other governments, 
meaning that the interest / revenue ratio has reached high levels compared to international norms 
– reaching an estimated 19.6% in 2021 and 22.5% in 2022.

--- Page 214 ---
7 
 
Section 3:  Policy stance and Fiscal Objective 
The Government of Sharjah acknowledges that it would not be sustainable to continue to grow 
expenditure and revenues along the trajectory of the past decade. There would be a further sharp 
increase in indebtedness, and debt servicing costs would reach unacceptably high levels, relative 
to revenue sources. The risk of spiralling debt service costs is intensified by the recent sharp 
increase in interest rates across most markets worldwide.   
The Government therefore plans to moderate annual borrowing in order to stabilise debt, 
relative to revenues and GDP.  
This document sets out the Government’s new headline Fiscal Objective: 
“To balance the primary budget by 2027, and at least until 2030.” 
In other words, by the financial year of 2027, budgetary revenues should be sufficient to cover 
all budgetary expenditure, excluding debt servicing costs (both principal and interest).  
The new Fiscal Objective will guide medium-term and annual financial planning and 
budgetary allocations. The approved Government Budget for 2023 already reflects the trajectory 
required by the Fiscal Objective.  
Achieving the Fiscal Objective will entail a set of initiatives and measures to contain 
expenditure growth and raise revenues, introduced over a period of time. The precise mix of 
expenditure and revenue measures, and the timing of their implementation, will affect the impact 
of the Fiscal Objective on fiscal aggregates and fiscal performance ratios.  
The Government will keep financial performance under review, and will seek to adjust policies 
and introduce new measures to ensure compliance with the Fiscal Objective on an ongoing basis.

--- Page 215 ---
8 
 
Section 4: Key forecast items and fiscal adjustment measures  
Section 5 of this document will lay out the Government of Sharjah’s central Fiscal Forecast 
for the years 2023 to 2030. In order to produce the forecast, it is necessary to make a number of 
assumptions about the various factors that influence revenue and expenditure levels, as well as 
economic performance in the Emirate (since this provides the denominator for metrics such as the 
Debt / GDP ratio).  
In this section, the forecast assumptions are separated into: 
1. Forecast items, meaning contextual or passive factors where the forecast assumes current 
policies continue to apply and reflects a balanced analysis of the likely future trajectory; 
2. Fiscal adjustment measures, where the Government has resolved to take or is 
considering taking active measures to change policy or practice in order to change the 
trajectory of revenue and / or expenditure levels.  
This part of the document explicitly states the key forecast items and fiscal adjustment 
measures and describes their impact on the Fiscal Forecast, as well as briefly highlighting the level 
of confidence around given forecasts and any particularly notable risks to implementation of 
measures.  
4.1 Key forecast items 
The Fiscal Forecast in Section 5 reflects the following key forecast items.  
4.1.1 Economic growth 
The forecast assumes that nominal GDP growth will be 5.0% per annum each year, irrespective 
of the balance between real growth rates and inflation.  
This forecast is broadly reflective of recent historical trends, while tending towards 
cautiousness. It is worth noting that Sharjah, as a relatively small and very open economy with 
strong interdependencies with other economies, has experienced relatively high levels of volatility 
in GDP growth, which are likely to recur in future, so the stable annual growth rate in the forecast 
is unlikely to be accurate in each individual year.

--- Page 216 ---
9 
 
4.1.2 Value added tax 
The UAE’s Federal Tax Authority administers the value added tax regime across all emirates. 
While 30% of revenues collected are retained to fund UAE Federal Government activities, the 
remaining 70% are returned to each emirate and are treated as revenue in the budget.  
The Fiscal Forecast assumes that the UAE Federal Government will continue with the current 
policy regime of rates and exemptions, and that VAT revenues will therefore grow in line with 
GDP.  
4.1.3 Departmental revenues 
The Government plans to introduce various policy changes to departments’ operating revenue 
framework that will take effect from 2023, as described in Section 4.2 below. These are reflected 
in the baseline forecast for 2023.  
For subsequent years, the forecast assumes that departments’ revenues (from service fees, 
licensing, fines, etc) will grow in line with GDP forecasts – that is, at a rate of 5.00% per year in 
nominal terms.  
4.1.4 Budgetary contributions from Government-Related Entities (GREs) 
The Government of Sharjah owns majority or 100% stakes in a number of independent public-
sector entities that operate in commercial environments, known as GREs. While some GREs 
require subsidy from the Government budget in order to operate in accordance with certain policy 
objectives, others are profitable and contribute to the Government’s revenue budget. The exact 
amounts of GRE contributions are determined through the annual budgeting process and in-year 
performance review. 
The Fiscal Forecast in Section 5 shows the agreed contributions for 2023 and an assumption 
of the contributions that can be projected with a strong degree of confidence in future years. The 
forecast increases from 2027 as a result of the expected boost to performance from Sharjah 
Airport’s expansion project.

--- Page 217 ---
10 
 
4.1.5 Customs revenues 
In the 5 years preceding the Covid-19 pandemic, annual customs revenues in Sharjah averaged 
AED 1.0 billion. The Fiscal Forecast in Section 5 assumes that customs revenues will grow 
strongly from the actual level of AED 0.8 billion in 2021 to exceed AED 1.25 billion in 2027, 
before then growing at a slower rate of around 3% per year.  
4.1.6 Capital support to Invest Bank 
The Government of Sharjah expects to provide capital support to Invest Bank (one of four 
banks headquartered in the Emirate of Sharjah, with the Government holding 50.01% of shares). 
This support will give Invest Bank sufficient capital to undertake new business and grow, and will 
be provided in a form that insulates the bank from the financial impact of provisions relating to 
legacy business.  
The Fiscal Forecast in Section 5 reflects the central estimate of costs arising to the Government 
budget from the planned capital support. The Government will release details of the planned 
support mechanism following full consultation with and approvals from the relevant regulatory 
bodies and shareholder representatives. 
4.1.7 Debt interest 
The Government’s average cost of debt interest is expected to increase as a result of new debt 
incurred at higher credit margins than older debt it replaces, reflecting the lower international credit 
ratings held by the Emirate of Sharjah. In addition, both floating rate debt and new fixed rate debt 
will be affected by the current and expected levels of benchmarks such as Eibor and SOFR, which 
are at elevated levels as central banks seek to combat inflation. On the other hand, nearly one-fifth 
of the Government’s existing debt stock, AED 12.3 billion, is fixed-rate debt maturing after 2030, 
the end of the forecasting period, so will not be affected by the above factors.  
Taking these factors into account, the Government’s average rate of debt interest is expected 
to rise from 3.6% in 2021 to 5.3% in 2023 and then gradually to 5.6% by 2026, before falling back 
to 5.25% by the end of the forecast period.

--- Page 218 ---
11 
 
4.2 Fiscal adjustment measures 
The Fiscal Forecast in Section 5 reflects the following fiscal adjustment measures that are 
currently in the process of either policy development or implementation. 
4.2.1 Corporate income tax 
The UAE Federal Tax Authority intends to introduce a corporate income tax effective for tax 
years starting on or after 1 June 2023. Subject to various exemptions, deductions and reliefs, a tax 
rate of 9% will apply to taxable net income in excess of AED 375,000 each year.  
Along with representatives from the UAE Federal Government and each emirate, Sharjah 
Finance Department participates in coordinated work to complete the detailed design and 
implementation plans for corporate income tax. The item for tax revenues in the Fiscal Forecast 
reflects the latest understanding of how the new tax will operate and how revenues will be allocated 
to each emirate. This forecast remains subject to uncertainty as it is difficult to forecast the total 
tax take accurately – although this exercise has been made easier by the data available from the 
implementation of value added tax in recent years.  
4.2.2  Oil and gas 
Through Sharjah National Oil Company (SNOC), the Government of Sharjah is taking 
coordinated action to replenish its hydrocarbon production capacity, following a decline in recent 
years.  
This includes developing and exploiting gas and condensate reserves in onshore areas such as 
Mahani (where commercial operations began in 2021) and a number of other sites, as well as oil 
reserves in areas off Sharjah’s east coast.  
SNOC is also growing its LPG production capacity, having captured approximately 10% of 
UAE market share since switching LPG sales exclusively to the local market in 2020.  
The expected growth in hydrocarbon production is reflected in the Fiscal Forecast in Section 
5, along with price assumptions taken from international benchmarks.

--- Page 219 ---
12 
 
4.2.3 Land and real estate    
In October 2022, the Government announced the extension of freehold ownership rights in 
designated areas and developments to all nationalities; previously, only citizens of Arab 
nationalities could own real estate under freehold, whereas other nationalities could obtain a 99-
year leasehold. 
This policy change is expected to have a significant positive impact on demand for land and 
property in Sharjah, helping to stimulate private-sector development. It is also expected to support 
higher prices and sales volumes for the Government’s programme of land sales, under which new 
areas of the Emirate are released for sale and development each year. 
Alongside these steps to open up the real estate market, the Government is also implementing 
a 1% surcharge on real estate sales to foreign buyers from 2023, in addition to the existing 4% real 
estate registration fee. 
The Fiscal Forecast in Section 5 reflects the expected boost to land sale volumes and prices from 
the new ownership rights, the proposed increase in transaction registration fees for foreign buyers 
of real estate, and the expected growth in average sales prices.  
4.2.4 Waste collection    
The Government is reviewing potential new fees for waste collection services for households 
and businesses in certain areas where these are currently provided free of charge. In addition to 
raising recurring revenue, this should incentivise more careful use of resources, encourage 
separation of waste for recycling (where facilities exist) and reduce the environmental impact of 
waste disposal, including greenhouse gas emissions.  
The Fiscal Forecast in Section 5 includes expected revenues accruing to the municipalities, 
which are centralised departments of the Government, starting from 2023.  
4.2.5 Sewerage    
The relevant Municipality in each region of the Emirate of Sharjah provides sewerage services 
to most residential, commercial and industrial properties. The revenues from these services are 
collected by Sharjah Electricity, Water and Gas Authority (SEWA) through utility bills and then

--- Page 220 ---
13 
 
passed on to the relevant Municipality, and are therefore accounted as central government 
revenues. 
The Government is reviewing a potential change from a standardised charging model for 
sewerage to a volume-based tariff system. In addition to raising additional revenue, this would be 
intended to incentivise more efficient use of precious water resources, reducing the need for 
abstraction and desalination, which have environmental impacts including high energy usage.  
The Fiscal Forecast in Section 5 reflects the additional revenue expected to accrue to 
municipalities under the new scheme, starting from 2023.  
4.2.6 Staff costs 
Salaries and other staff costs make up the largest part of the Government of Sharjah’s 
expenditure budget, exceeding AED 7 billion in 2022.  
The Government expects continuing upward pressure on the wage bill, as a result of inflation, 
a competitive local employment market, the demographics of the current employee cohort, and the 
policy intent to provide meaningful employment for local citizens. The Government does not plan 
to cut salaries of existing staff or employee numbers. Instead, the Government intends to cap the 
growth in staff costs at 5% per year in nominal terms. This will require the application of a number 
of policy measures, including (but not limited to): 
 Limiting new hires to only essential positions, and using redeployment of existing 
employees instead where possible; 
 Restricting promotions more stringently than in previous years; and 
 Restricting allowances and bonuses, within the framework of the existing human resources 
laws.  
4.2.7 Operational expenditure 
The Government plans to limit growth in non-staff operating costs to 2% per year in nominal 
terms. The lower growth rate (compared with staff costs) reflects more moderate spending 
pressures – primarily general price inflation. The Fiscal Forecast in Section 5 reflects the planned 
growth rate.

--- Page 221 ---
14 
 
4.2.8 Capital projects expenditure 
The Government plans to limit the annual budget for capital projects to AED 3.0 billion. This 
is lower than the budgeted amounts for years 2020 to 2022, but closer to the average level of actual 
expenditure of the years 2017 to 2021, which was AED 3.5 billion. 
The slowdown in capital project expenditure is possible because some major projects – 
including infrastructure connections to and within the Eastern Region of the Emirate – are now 
complete and paid. Maintaining this budget will require the Government to keep new project 
commitments at a lower level than in the previous 5 years.  
4.2.9 Grants and subsidies 
The Government intends to reduce the grants and subsidies given to entities in the public sector 
and private sector gradually over the forecast period. There will be a particular focus on reducing 
support to sports clubs and cultural institutions, and overall the Government plans to reduce total 
grants, subsidies and other centralised (i.e. non-departmental) expenditure by 5% per year from 
2023 to 2030. The Fiscal Forecast in Section 5 reflects this plan.

--- Page 222 ---
15 
 
Section 5: Fiscal Forecast 
The Fiscal Forecast presented in this section reflects the various forecasting items and fiscal 
adjustment measures mentioned in Section 4. It should be considered a central scenario based on 
current trends and policy intentions, but there are clearly significant uncertainties and risks to both 
the upside and downside. The economic environment will inevitably change in certain ways, and 
Government policies are unlikely to remain static over the forecast period.  
As such, the following Fiscal Forecast represents a fair central view of the likely trajectory of 
the Government of Sharjah’s key fiscal aggregates and metrics over the period 2022 to 2030. It 
will be supplemented by firm budgets through the regular annual budgeting process.  
Year 
2022* 
2023 
2024 
2025 
2026 
2027 
2028 
2029 
2030 
Values, AED billions 
GDP  
137.0 
143.9 
151.1 
158.6 
166.6 
174.9 
183.6 
192.8 
202.5 
Revenues 
11.1 
13.0 
14.5 
16.7 
17.3 
18.0 
19.3 
20.0 
20.6 
Expenditure  
19.6 
21.4 
22.0 
22.6 
23.5 
24.0 
24.5 
25.1 
25.7 
Debt interest  
2.5 
3.5 
4.0 
4.4 
4.9 
5.2 
5.4 
5.5 
5.7 
Budget balance 
(8.5) 
(8.4) 
(7.5) 
(5.9) 
(6.3) 
(6.0) 
(5.2) 
(5.1) 
(5.1) 
Primary balance 
(6.0) 
(4.9) 
(3.5) 
(1.5) 
(1.4) 
(0.8) 
0.3 
0.4 
0.6 
Debt outstanding 
62.6 
71.0 
78.4 
84.4 
90.6 
96.6 
101.8 
106.9 
112.0 
Key Fiscal Ratios 
Balance / GDP 
(6.2%) 
(5.8%) 
(5.0%) 
(3.7%) 
(3.8%) 
(3.4%) 
(2.8%) 
(2.6%) 
(2.5%) 
Primary balance / 
GDP 
(4.4%) 
(3.4%) 
(2.3%) 
(0.9%) 
(0.9%) 
(0.5%) 
0.1% 
0.2% 
0.3% 
Gross Debt / GDP 
45.6% 
49.3% 
51.9% 
53.2% 
54.4% 
55.3% 
55.4% 
55.4% 
55.3% 
Gross Debt / 
Revenue 
563% 
544% 
541% 
506% 
525% 
535% 
526% 
535% 
544% 
Interest / Revenue 
22.5% 
27.1% 
27.5% 
26.6% 
28.1% 
28.8% 
28.0% 
27.8% 
27.7% 
* Early preliminary estimates of 2022 financial outturn – subject to revision

--- Page 223 ---
16 
 
The Fiscal Forecast shows that on the forecast trajectory the Government will be close to 
meeting its Fiscal Objective of balancing the primary budget by 2027 and until at least 2030.  
In the forecast, there is a rapid reduction in the primary budget deficit (i.e. the deficit exclusive 
of debt servicing costs) as new policy measures and significant forecast items take effect. 
Expenditure grows, but at a more modest rate (3.4% compounded average growth rate (CAGR)) 
than in recent years. A significant part of this growth in expenditure comes from higher expected 
debt interest costs; other expenditure grows at just 2.0% per year. Meanwhile, revenues are forecast 
to grow at a faster rate than expenditure (8.0% CAGR).  
By 2027, the primary budget deficit is forecast to reduce to AED 0.8 billion. While this implies 
that the Government would need to consider further policy adjustments in order to meet its stated 
Fiscal Objective in full, the remaining primary budget deficit in 2027 is offset by expected primary 
budget surpluses in the following three years (AED 0.3 billion in 2028, AED 0.4 billion in 2029 
and AED 0.6 billion in 2030).  
The trajectory shown in the Fiscal Forecast leads to a broad stabilisation in key metrics of fiscal 
sustainability. Debt as a proportion of GDP levels out at around 55% as the primary deficit is 
eliminated, leaving only debt servicing costs to be funded through new net borrowing. The cost of 
servicing debt stabilises, with interest costs accounting for around 28% of revenues, while the 
Government’s leverage, measured by the ratio of Debt / Revenues, falls to approximately 5.4x, 
having exceeded 6x in 2021.  
These fiscal metrics are at relatively high levels in the context of the financial composition of 
the Government of Sharjah, with its modest revenue share of GDP. However, the Government 
views these levels as being manageable, based on: 
 the conservatism of the Fiscal Forecast presented here; 
 the scope for further policy adjustments, if needed; 
 the strong macroeconomic environment and growth potential of Sharjah and the UAE; 
 the Government’s access to multiple sources of funding; and  
 the absence of meaningful currency risk, with all the Government’s debt being 
denominated in AED or US Dollars, and the AED-USD peg considered to be very strong.

--- Page 224 ---
17 
 
The Government’s main priority is currently to ensure stable fiscal performance, at a level that 
is operationally manageable in terms of annual financing requirements and provides sufficient 
flexibility to respond to shocks. The Fiscal Forecast suggests this aim will be achieved in the 
central scenario under the stated Fiscal Objective. The Government intends to keep fiscal 
performance under review, and may later choose to take policy actions to go beyond stabilisation 
and pursue more significant consolidation.

--- Page 225 ---
18 
 
Section 6:  Governance and communications  
The Government of Sharjah has established a Medium-Term Financial Planning Committee. 
Chaired by the Director General of Sharjah Finance Department, the Committee will meet 
quarterly. Its mandate will be: 
1. Reviewing financial reports to assess actual progress towards the objective of balancing 
the primary budget by 2027 and until at least 2030; 
2. Establishment and oversight of all workstreams to analyse, develop, implement and 
monitor fiscal adjustment policy measures; 
3. Recommending adjustments to the initial plans, as required;  
4. Publishing updates to the Medium-Term Financial Outlook when appropriate;  
5. Annual progress reporting to relevant internal and external stakeholders. 
The Government will continue to follow its annual budgeting cycle, under which Sharjah 
Finance Department prepares the government budget, which is then reviewed by Sharjah 
Executive Council and Sharjah Consultative Council before being finalised and submitted to H.H. 
The Ruler for ratification. The Department will develop the budget with due regard to the Medium-
Term Financial Outlook and the Government’s stated Fiscal Objective.  
The Debt Management Office of the Government of Sharjah will be responsible for 
communicating the details of the Medium-Term Financial Outlook to credit rating agencies, 
lenders and fixed income investors. Any enquiries relating to this document should be directed to 
the Debt Management Office (Investor.Relations@sfd.gov.ae).

--- Page 226 ---
19 
 
Disclaimer  
The information in this document does not constitute a legal or moral commitment by the 
Government of Sharjah, or any of its departments or related authorities or entities, to adopt or 
achieve a particular set of financial or economic targets, limits or outcomes. Any forward-looking 
statements, policy statements and forecasts reflect the Government of Sharjah’s current 
assessment based on analysis of available information, but will be subject to a wide range of risks 
and uncertainties, including potential future changes in the Government of Sharjah’s own policy 
stance. If any of the Government of Sharjah's underlying assumptions prove to be incomplete or 
inaccurate, the financial, political or economic condition of Sharjah may vary from that expected, 
estimated or predicted. This document is not a recommendation to make or not to make certain 
investment decisions, and the Government of Sharjah accepts no liability for any investment or 
other decision taken with reference to the information contained herein. The information in this 
document is valid at the time of publication and may be superseded or invalidated by subsequent 
public statements, data releases or changes to policy or legislation.

--- Page 227 ---
THE TRUSTEE 
Sharjah Sukuk Programme Limited 
c/o Maples Corporate Services Limited 
P.O. Box 309 
Ugland House 
Grand Cayman KY1-1104 
Cayman Islands 
THE GOVERNMENT 
The Government of the Emirate of Sharjah acting through Sharjah Finance Department 
Al Layyeh Suburb 
P.O. Box 201 
Sharjah 
United Arab Emirates 
DELEGATE 
Deutsche Trustee Company Limited 
21 Moorfields 
London EC2Y 9DB 
United Kingdom 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT AND TRANSFER AGENT 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
21 Moorfields 
London EC2Y 9DB 
United Kingdom 
U.S. PAYING AGENT, U.S. TRANSFER AGENT AND U.S. REGISTRAR 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Trust and Agency Services 
1 Columbus Circle, 17th Floor 
Mail Stop: NYC01-1710 
New York, NY 10019 
USA 
REGISTRAR 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
2 Boulevard Konrad Adenauer 
L-1115
Luxembourg 
ARRANGERS

--- Page 228 ---
HSBC Bank plc 
8 Canada Square 
London E14 5HQ 
United Kingdom 
Standard Chartered Bank 
7th Floor Building One, Gate Precinct  
Dubai International Financial Centre 
P.O. Box 999 
Dubai 
United Arab Emirates 
DEALERS 
Abu Dhabi Islamic Bank PJSC 
Al Sultan Tower 
Najda Street  
P.O. Box 313  
Abu Dhabi 
United Arab Emirates 
Dubai Islamic Bank PJSC 
P.O. Box 1080 
Dubai 
United Arab Emirates 
HSBC Bank plc 
8 Canada Square 
London E14 5HQ 
United Kingdom 
Sharjah Islamic Bank P.J.S.C. 
SIB Tower 
PO Box 4 
Al Khan, Sharjah 
United Arab Emirates 
Standard Chartered Bank 
7th Floor Building One, Gate Precinct  
Dubai International Financial Centre 
P.O. Box 999 
Dubai 
United Arab Emirates 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE TRUSTEE 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE 
GOVERNMENT 
As to Cayman Islands law 
As to Emirate of Sharjah, UAE, English and 
U.S. law 
Maples and Calder (Dubai) LLP 
Level 14, Burj Daman 
Dubai International Finance Centre 
P.O. Box 119980 
Dubai 
United Arab Emirates 
Clifford Chance LLP 
ICD Brookfield Place, Level 32 
Dubai International Financial Centre 
P.O. Box 9380 
Dubai 
United Arab Emirates 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE DEALERS 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE DELEGATE 
As to Emirate of Sharjah, UAE, English and 
U.S. law 
As to English law

--- Page 229 ---
Dechert LLP 
Unit S804, South Tower 
Emirates Financial Towers  
Dubai International Financial Centre 
P.O. Box 506675 
Dubai 
United Arab Emirates 
Dechert LLP 
25 Cannon St 
 London EC4M 5UB  
United Kingdom 
IRISH LISTING AGENT 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
Ireland