--- Page 1 ---
IMPORTANT NOTICE 
NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES 
OR TO ANY U.S. PERSON 
IMPORTANT: You must read the following disclaimer before continuing. The following disclaimer 
applies to the attached base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") and you are therefore advised to read this 
disclaimer carefully before reading, accessing or making any other use of the Base Prospectus. In accessing 
the Base Prospectus, you agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions, including any 
modifications to them from time to time, each time you receive any information from us as a result of such 
access. You acknowledge that this electronic transmission and the delivery of the Base Prospectus is 
confidential and intended only for you and you agree you will not forward, reproduce or publish this 
electronic transmission or the Base Prospectus to any other person. 
NOTHING IN THIS ELECTRONIC TRANSMISSION CONSTITUTES AN OFFER OF 
SECURITIES FOR SALE OR SOLICITATION IN ANY JURISDICTION WHERE IT IS 
UNLAWFUL TO DO SO. THE SECURITIES DESCRIBED IN THIS BASE PROSPECTUS HAVE 
NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, 
AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT") OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OR 
OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE U.S. AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE 
UNITED STATES (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT 
("REGULATION S")), OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS (AS 
DEFINED IN REGULATION S) EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A 
TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE 
SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE OR LOCAL SECURITIES LAWS. 
THE BASE PROSPECTUS MAY NOT BE FORWARDED OR DISTRIBUTED TO ANY OTHER 
PERSON AND MAY NOT BE REPRODUCED IN ANY MANNER WHATSOEVER. ANY 
FORWARDING, DISTRIBUTION OR REPRODUCTION OF THE BASE PROSPECTUS IN 
WHOLE OR IN PART IS UNAUTHORISED. FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH THIS DIRECTIVE 
MAY RESULT IN A VIOLATION OF THE SECURITIES ACT OR THE APPLICABLE LAWS 
OF OTHER JURISDICTIONS. IF YOU HAVE GAINED ACCESS TO THIS TRANSMISSION 
CONTRARY TO ANY OF THE FOREGOING RESTRICTIONS, YOU ARE NOT AUTHORISED 
AND WILL NOT BE ABLE TO PURCHASE ANY OF THE SECURITIES DESCRIBED 
THEREIN. 
Any securities described in the Base Prospectus which do not constitute "alternative finance investment 
bonds" ("AFIBs") within the meaning of Article 77A of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
(Regulated Activities) (Amendment) Order 2010 will represent interests in a collective investment scheme 
(as defined in the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA")) which has not been 
authorised, recognised or otherwise approved by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority. 
Accordingly, the securities must not be marketed in the United Kingdom to the general public and the Base 
Prospectus is not being distributed to, and must not be passed on to, the general public in the United 
Kingdom. 
The distribution in the United Kingdom of this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms (as defined herein) and 
any other marketing materials relating to the securities is being addressed to, or directed at: (A) if the 
distribution of the securities (whether or not such securities are AFIBs) is being effected by a person who 
is not an authorised person under the FSMA, only the following persons: (i) persons outside the United 
Kingdom; (ii) persons who are Investment Professionals as defined in Article 19(5) of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended, the "Financial Promotion 
Order"); (iii) persons falling within any of the categories of persons described in Article 49 (High net worth 
companies, unincorporated associations, etc.) of the Financial Promotion Order; and (iv) any other person 
to whom it may otherwise lawfully be made in accordance with the Financial Promotion Order; and (B) if 
the securities are not AFIBs and the distribution is effected by a person who is an authorised person under 
the FSMA, only the following persons: (i) persons outside the United Kingdom; (ii) persons falling within 
one of the categories of Investment Professional as defined in Article 14(5) of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 (Promotion of Collective Investment Schemes) (Exemptions) Order 2001 (the 
"Promotion of CISs Order"); (iii) persons falling within any of the categories of person described in 
Article 22 (High net worth companies, unincorporated associations, etc.) of the Promotion of CISs Order

--- Page 2 ---
and (iv) any other person to whom it may otherwise lawfully be made in accordance with the Promotion of 
CISs Order (all such persons together being referred to as "relevant persons"). 
Confirmation of your representation: By accessing the Base Prospectus you confirm to the Government 
of the Emirate of Sharjah acting through the Sharjah Finance Department (the "Obligor" or the 
"Government"), to Sharjah Sukuk Programme Limited (in its capacities as issuer of the securities and as 
trustee for the holders of the securities, the "Trustee") and to each of HSBC Bank plc and Standard 
Chartered Bank (the "Arrangers") and to each of Abu Dhabi Islamic Bank P.J.S.C., Dubai Islamic Bank 
P.J.S.C., HSBC Bank plc, Sharjah Islamic Bank P.J.S.C. and Standard Chartered Bank and any other 
dealers appointed under the Programme (as defined herein) from time to time by the Obligor and the 
Trustee, which appointment may be for a specific issue of securities or on an ongoing basis (together, the 
"Dealers") that: (i) you understand and agree to the terms set out herein; (ii) you are a relevant person; (iii) 
you are not a U.S. person (within the meaning of Regulation S), or acting for the account or benefit of a 
U.S. person, and, to the extent that you purchase the securities described herein, you will be doing so 
pursuant to Regulation S, and that the electronic mail address that you have given is not located in the 
United States (including any state of the United States and the District of Colombia), its territories and 
possessions (including Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island and the 
Northern Mariana Islands); (iv) you are a person who is permitted under applicable law and regulation to 
receive this Base Prospectus; (v) you consent to delivery of such Base Prospectus and any supplements 
thereto by electronic transmission; (vi) you will not transmit the Base Prospectus (or any copy of it or part 
thereof) or disclose, whether orally or in writing, any of its contents to any other person; and (vii) you 
acknowledge that you will make your own assessment regarding any credit, investment, legal, taxation, 
Shari'a or other economic considerations with respect to your decision to subscribe or purchase any of the 
securities. 
You are reminded that the Base Prospectus has been delivered to you on the basis that you are a person into 
whose possession the Base Prospectus may be lawfully delivered in accordance with the laws of the 
jurisdiction in which you are located and you may not, nor are you authorised to, deliver or disclose the 
contents of the Base Prospectus to any other person. Failure to comply with this directive may result in a 
violation of the Securities Act or the applicable laws of other jurisdictions. 
The Base Prospectus does not constitute, and may not be used in connection with, an offer or solicitation 
in any place where offers or solicitations are not permitted by law. If a jurisdiction requires that an offering 
of securities described herein be made by a licensed broker or dealer and the Arrangers and the Dealers or 
any affiliate of the Arrangers or the Dealers is a licensed broker or dealer in that jurisdiction, the offering 
shall be deemed to be made by such Arranger or Dealer or such affiliate on behalf of the Obligor, the 
Trustee or holders of the applicable securities in such jurisdiction. 
Recipients of the Base Prospectus who intend to subscribe for or purchase the securities described herein 
are reminded that any subscription or purchase may only be made on the basis of the information contained 
in the Base Prospectus, the applicable Final Terms and/or supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus (if any). 
The distribution of the Base Prospectus in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose 
possession the Base Prospectus comes are required by the Obligor, the Trustee, the Arrangers and the 
Dealers to inform themselves about, and to observe, any such restrictions. 
The Base Prospectus has been sent to you in an electronic form. You are reminded that documents 
transmitted via this medium may be altered or changed during the process of electronic transmission and 
consequently none of the Obligor, the Trustee, the Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any person who controls 
them nor any director, officer, employee nor agent of them or any affiliate of any such person accepts any 
liability or responsibility whatsoever in respect of any difference between the Base Prospectus distributed 
to you in electronic format and the hard copy version available to you on request from the Obligor, the 
Trustee, the Arrangers and the Dealers. Please ensure that your copy is complete. Any reply e-mail 
communications, including those you generate by using the "reply" function on your e-mail software, will 
be ignored or rejected. You are responsible for protecting against viruses and other destructive items. Your 
use of this e-mail is at your own risk, and it is your responsibility to take precautions to ensure that it is free 
from viruses and other items of a destructive nature. 
Each of the Arrangers and the Dealers are acting exclusively for the Obligor and the Trustee and no one 
else in connection with any offer of the securities described in the Base Prospectus. They will not regard 
any other person (whether or not a recipient of the Base Prospectus) as their client in relation to any offer

--- Page 3 ---
of the securities described in the Base Prospectus and will not be responsible to anyone other than the 
Obligor and the Trustee for providing the protections afforded to their clients nor for giving advice in 
relation to any offer of the securities described in the Base Prospectus or any transaction or arrangement 
referred to herein.

--- Page 4 ---
Base Prospectus 
 
SHARJAH SUKUK PROGRAMME LIMITED 
(incorporated as an exempted limited liability company in the Cayman Islands) 
Trust Certificate Issuance Programme 
Under the trust certificate issuance programme described in this Base Prospectus (the "Programme"), Sharjah Sukuk Programme Limited (in its capacities as issuer of the Trust 
Certificates (as defined below) and trustee for the Certificateholders (as defined below) (the "Trustee")), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, 
may from time to time issue trust certificates (the "Trust Certificates") in any currency agreed between the Trustee and the relevant Dealer(s) (as defined below). Trust Certificates 
may only be issued in registered form and there is no limit on the amount of Trust Certificates which may be issued under the Programme. 
The Trust Certificates may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under "Overview of the Programme" and any additional Dealer appointed under 
the Programme from time to time by the Trustee (each a "Dealer" and together the "Dealers"), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. References 
in this Base Prospectus to the relevant Dealer(s) shall, in the case of an issue of Trust Certificates being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers 
agreeing to subscribe for such Trust Certificates. 
The Trust Certificates will be limited recourse obligations of the Trustee. An investment in Trust Certificates issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a 
discussion of these risks, see "Risk Factors". 
Each Tranche (as defined herein) of Trust Certificates issued under the Programme will be constituted by: (i) an amended and restated master declaration of trust (the "Master 
Declaration of Trust") dated 5 July 2021 entered into between the Trustee, the Government of the Emirate of Sharjah acting through the Sharjah Finance Department (the 
"Obligor" or the "Government") and Deutsche Trustee Company Limited as delegate of the Trustee (in such capacity, the "Delegate"); and (ii) a supplemental declaration of 
trust (the "Supplemental Declaration of Trust" and, together with the Master Declaration of Trust, the "Declaration of Trust") in relation to the relevant Tranche. Trust 
Certificates of each Series (as defined herein) confer on the holders of the Trust Certificates from time to time (the "Certificateholders") the right to receive certain payments (as 
more particularly described herein) arising from the assets of a trust declared by the Trustee in relation to the relevant Series (the "Trust") over the relevant Trust Assets (as 
defined herein).  
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Central Bank of Ireland (the "CBI") as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus 
Regulation"). The CBI only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. 
Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Trustee, the Government or the quality of the Trust Certificates. Investors should make their own assessment as 
to the suitability of investing in the Trust Certificates. Application has been made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") for the Trust 
Certificates issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to listing on the official list of Euronext Dublin (the 
"Official List") and to trading on its regulated market (the "Regulated Market"). The Regulated Market is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "MiFID II"). Such approval relates only to the Trust Certificates which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II and/or which 
are to be offered to the public in any member state of the European Economic Area (the "EEA"). Each of the Trustee and the Government is an "Exempt Offeror" for the purposes 
of Article 13(1) of the Markets Law, Dubai International Financial Centre Law No. 1 of 2012 (the "Markets Law 2012") of the Dubai Financial Services Authority (the "DFSA"). 
Accordingly, this Base Prospectus has not been approved by the DFSA for the purposes of Articles 14 and 15 of the Markets Law 2012. Application has been made to the DFSA 
for the Trust Certificates to be admitted to the official list of securities maintained by the DFSA (the "DFSA Official List") and to Nasdaq Dubai for admission to trading on 
Nasdaq Dubai. References in this Base Prospectus to Trust Certificates being "listed" (and all related references) shall mean that such Trust Certificates have been (a) admitted to 
the Official List and the DFSA Official List, (b) admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin and on Nasdaq Dubai and/or (c) another MiFID II regulated 
market as may be specified in the applicable final terms relating to the relevant Tranche (the "applicable Final Terms" or "Final Terms"). The Programme provides that Trust 
Certificates may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock exchanges or markets as may be agreed between the Trustee, the Government 
and the relevant Dealer(s). However, unlisted Trust Certificates may also be issued pursuant to the Programme. The Final Terms in respect of the issue of any Trust Certificates 
will specify whether or not such Trust Certificates will be (a) listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin's regulated market and/or (b) listed on the 
DFSA Official List and admitted to trading on Nasdaq Dubai (or any other stock exchange). This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid 
for a period of 12 months from its date. 
The Programme has been rated BBB- and A-3 by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P") and Baa3 by Moody's Investors Service, Inc. ("Moody's"). Sharjah has been 
assigned a long- and short-term foreign and local currency sovereign credit rating of BBB- and A-3, respectively, by S&P with a stable outlook and a long-term issuer rating of 
Baa3 by Moody's with a negative outlook. S&P is established in the EEA and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA Regulation"). The ratings 
assigned by S&P have been endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, which is established in the United Kingdom and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 (as 
amended) as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA") (the "UK CRA Regulation"). Moody's 
is not established in the EEA and has not applied for registration under the CRA Regulation. The ratings assigned by Moody's have been endorsed by Moody's Investors Service 
Cyprus Limited, which is established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation and Moody's Investors Service Limited, which is established in the United Kingdom 
and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, S&P and Moody's Investors Service Cyprus Limited are included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") on its website (at http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation. S&P Global Ratings UK Limited and Moody's Investors Service Limited appears on the latest update of the list of registered credit rating agencies on the UK Financial 
Conduct Authority's (the "FCA") Financial Services Register. Trust Certificates issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Trust Certificates is 
rated, such rating will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision, suspension 
or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating organisation. 
The Trust Certificates have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") or with any securities regulatory 
authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. Persons (as 
defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S")), except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act and applicable state securities laws. Accordingly, the Trust Certificates may be offered or sold solely to persons who are not U.S. persons outside the United States 
in reliance on Regulation S. Each purchaser of the Trust Certificates is hereby notified that the offer and sale of any Trust Certificates to it is being made in reliance on the 
exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided by Regulation S. 
Each Series of Trust Certificates will be initially represented by interests in a global trust certificate in registered form (each, a "Global Trust Certificate"). The Global Trust 
Certificates will be deposited with, and registered in the name of a nominee of, a common depositary (the "Common Depositary") for Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg"). Interests in the Global Trust Certificates will be shown on, and transfers thereof will be effected only through, records 
maintained by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Definitive Trust Certificates evidencing holdings of interests in the Trust Certificates will be issued in exchange for 
interests in the relevant Global Trust Certificate only in certain limited circumstances described therein. 
The transaction structure relating to the Trust Certificates (as described in this Base Prospectus) has been approved by the Internal Sharia Supervisory Committee of Abu Dhabi 
Islamic Bank P.J.S.C., the Internal Sharia Supervisory Committee of Dubai Islamic Bank P.J.S.C., the Internal Shariah Supervision Committee of HSBC Bank Middle East 
Limited and the Global Shariah Supervisory Committee of Standard Chartered Bank. Prospective Certificateholders should not rely on such approvals in deciding whether to 
make an investment in the Trust Certificates and should consult their own Shari'a advisers as to whether the proposed transaction described in such approvals is in compliance 
with their individual standards of compliance with Shari'a principles. 
Arrangers 
HSBC 
Standard Chartered Bank 
Dealers 
 
Abu Dhabi Islamic Bank P.J.S.C.  
 
Dubai Islamic Bank P.J.S.C. 
HSBC 
Standard Chartered Bank  
Sharjah Islamic Bank P.J.S.C. 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 5 July 2021

--- Page 5 ---
- i - 
 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus 
Regulation. Each of the Trustee and the Government accepts responsibility for the information contained 
in this Base Prospectus. To the best of the knowledge of each of the Trustee and the Government, the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything 
likely to affect its import. 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed together with any supplements hereto and, in relation 
to any Tranche of Trust Certificates, should be read and construed together with the applicable Final Terms. 
The information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers do not form part of this Base 
Prospectus and have not been scrutinised or approved by the CBI. 
This Base Prospectus must be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be incorporated 
herein by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference"). This Base Prospectus shall be read and 
construed on the basis that such documents are incorporated and form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Copies of Final Terms will be available from the specified office set out below of the Principal Paying 
Agent (as defined below) save that, if the relevant Trust Certificates are either (A) not listed on the Official 
List and neither admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin or any other regulated 
market in the EEA nor offered in the EEA in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published 
under the Prospectus Regulation or (B) not listed on the DFSA Official List and admitted to trading on 
Nasdaq Dubai, the applicable Final Terms will only be obtainable by a Certificateholder holding one or 
more Trust Certificates and such Certificateholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Trustee or, as 
the case may be, the Principal Paying Agent as to its holding of such Trust Certificates and identity. 
In the case of any Trust Certificates which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within the 
EEA or United Kingdom or offered to the public in any member state of the EEA or the United Kingdom 
in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation or the 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA 
(the "UK Prospectus Regulation"), the minimum specified denomination shall be €100,000 (or its 
equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the Trust Certificates). 
None of the Dealers, the Arrangers (each as specified under "Overview of the Programme"), the Agents (as 
defined in the "Terms and Conditions of the Trust Certificates") or the Delegate (as specified under 
"Overview of the Programme") or their respective affiliates have independently verified the information 
contained herein. Accordingly, none of the Dealers, the Arrangers, the Agents, the Delegate or their 
respective affiliates accepts any responsibility or liability for and makes no representation, warranty or 
undertaking, express or implied, as to (i) the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, (ii) any acts or omissions of the Trustee, the Government 
or any other person in connection with this Base Prospectus or the issue and offering of the Trust 
Certificates or (iii) any other information provided in connection with the Trustee, the Government, the 
Programme, any Trust Certificates issued thereunder or their distribution. Each Arranger, Dealer, Agent, 
the Delegate and their respective affiliates accordingly disclaims all and any liability whether arising in tort 
or contract or otherwise (save as referred to above) which it might otherwise have in respect of this Base 
Prospectus or any other information provided by the Trustee or the Government in connection with the 
Programme, the Trust Certificates or their distribution. 
None of the Dealers or the Arrangers will regard any actual or prospective holders of Trust Certificates 
(whether or not a recipient of this Base Prospectus and/or the relevant Final Terms) as their client in relation 
to the offering described in this Base Prospectus and/or the relevant Final Terms and will not be responsible 
to anyone other than the Trustee for providing the protections afforded to its clients nor for providing the 
services in relation to the offering described in this Base Prospectus and/or the relevant Final Terms or any 
transaction or arrangement referred to herein or therein. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Trustee or the Government to give any information or to make 
any representation not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue or sale of the Trust Certificates and, if given or 
made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the 
Government, the Trustee, the Delegate, the Arrangers, any Dealer or any Agent.

--- Page 6 ---
- ii - 
 
 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any 
Trust Certificates (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be 
considered as a recommendation by the Government, the Trustee, the Delegate, any Arranger, any Dealer, 
or any Agent that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection 
with the Programme or any Trust Certificates should purchase any Trust Certificates. Each investor 
contemplating purchasing Trust Certificates should determine for itself the relevance of the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus, make its own independent investigation of the financial condition and 
affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness of the Trustee and the Government and its purchase 
of any Trust Certificates should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. Neither this Base 
Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of any Trust 
Certificates constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Government, the Trustee, the Delegate, 
the Arrangers, any Dealer or the Agents to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Trust Certificates. 
None of the Dealers, the Arrangers, the Agents or the Delegate undertakes to review the financial condition 
or affairs of the Trustee or the Government during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential investor in the Trust Certificates of any information 
coming to the attention of any of the Dealers, the Arrangers, the Agents or the Delegate. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Trust Certificates shall 
in any circumstances imply that the information contained therein concerning the Trustee or the 
Government is correct at any time subsequent to the date of this Base Prospectus or that any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date 
indicated in the document containing the same. The Delegate, the Arrangers, the Dealers and the Agents 
expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Trustee or the Government 
during the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in the Trust Certificates issued under the 
Programme of any information coming to their attention. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Trust 
Certificates in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such 
jurisdiction. The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Trust Certificates may be 
restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. The Government, the Trustee, the Delegate, the Arrangers, the 
Dealers and the Agents do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any 
Trust Certificates may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other 
requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any 
responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken by 
the Government, the Trustee, the Delegate, the Arrangers, the Dealers or the Agents, which is intended to 
permit a public offering of any Trust Certificates or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction 
where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Trust Certificates may be offered or sold, directly 
or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be 
distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with 
any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Trust 
Certificates may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution 
of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of Trust Certificates. In particular, there are restrictions 
on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Trust Certificates in the United States, 
the United Kingdom, the EEA, the Kingdom of Bahrain, the Sultanate of Oman, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, 
State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre), the Cayman Islands, the UAE (excluding the Dubai 
International Financial Centre (the "DIFC")), the DIFC, the State of Kuwait, Hong Kong, Singapore and 
Malaysia (and such other restrictions as may be required in connection with the offering and sale of a 
particular Tranche of Trust Certificates) (see "Subscription and Sale"). 
No comment is made or advice given by the Government, the Trustee, the Delegate, the Arrangers, any 
Dealer or the Agents in respect of taxation matters relating to any Trust Certificates or the legality of the 
purchase of Trust Certificates by an investor under applicable or similar laws. 
EACH PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR IS ADVISED TO CONSULT ITS OWN TAX ADVISER, 
LEGAL ADVISER AND BUSINESS ADVISER AS TO TAX, LEGAL, BUSINESS, SHARI'A AND 
RELATED MATTERS CONCERNING THE PURCHASE OF TRUST CERTIFICATES. 
The Trust Certificates are complex financial instruments and such instruments may be purchased as a way 
to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall 
portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Trust Certificates which are complex financial 
instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) to evaluate how

--- Page 7 ---
- iii - 
 
 
the Trust Certificates will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of such 
Trust Certificates and the impact this investment will have on the potential investor's overall investment 
portfolio. 
The Trust Certificates may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Generally, investment in emerging 
markets such as Sharjah is only suitable for sophisticated investors who fully appreciate the significance of 
the risks involved in, and are familiar with, investing in emerging markets. Each potential investor in Trust 
Certificates must determine the suitability of an investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, 
each potential investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other 
professional advisors, whether it: 
(a) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Trust Certificates 
and the complex structure thereof, the merits and risks of investing in the Trust Certificates and the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(b) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Trust Certificates and the impact the Trust 
Certificates will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(c) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Trust 
Certificates, including where the currency of payment is different from the potential investor's 
currency; 
(d) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Trust Certificates and is familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant indices and financial markets; 
(e) 
is able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks; 
and 
(f) 
is able to evaluate the compliance of the Trust Certificates with Shar'ia principles. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain 
investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each 
potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) the Trust 
Certificates are legal investments for it, (2) the Trust Certificates can be used as collateral for various types 
of financing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Trust Certificates. Financial 
institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate 
treatment of Trust Certificates under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
NOTICE TO UK RESIDENTS 
Any Trust Certificates to be issued under the Programme which do not constitute "alternative finance 
investment bonds" ("AFIBs") within the meaning of Article 77A of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 (Regulated Activities) (Amendment) Order 2010 will represent interests in a 
collective investment scheme (as defined in the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended 
(the "FSMA")) which has not been authorised, recognised or otherwise approved by the United 
Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority. Accordingly, any Trust Certificates to be issued under the 
Programme must not be marketed in the United Kingdom to the general public and this Base 
Prospectus is not being distributed to, and must not be passed on to, the general public in the United 
Kingdom. 
The distribution in the United Kingdom of this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms and any other 
marketing materials relating to the Trust Certificates is being addressed to, or directed at: (A) if the 
distribution of the Trust Certificates (whether or not such Trust Certificates are AFIBs) is being 
effected by a person who is not an authorised person under the FSMA, only the following persons: 
(i) persons who are Investment Professionals as defined in Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the "Financial Promotion Order"); (ii) persons 
falling within any of the categories of persons described in Article 49 (High net worth companies, 
unincorporated associations, etc.) of the Financial Promotion Order; and (iii) any other person to 
whom it may otherwise lawfully be made in accordance with the Financial Promotion Order; and 
(B) if the Trust Certificates are not AFIBs and the distribution is effected by a person who is an

--- Page 8 ---
- iv - 
 
 
authorised person under the FSMA, only the following persons: (i) persons falling within one of the 
categories of Investment Professional as defined in Article 14(5) of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 (Promotion of Collective Investment Schemes) (Exemptions) Order 2001 (the 
"Promotion of CISs Order"); (ii) persons falling within any of the categories of person described in 
Article 22 (High net worth companies, unincorporated associations, etc.) of the Promotion of CISs 
Order; and (iii) any other person to whom it may otherwise lawfully be made in accordance with the 
Promotion of CISs Order. 
Persons of any other description in the United Kingdom may not receive and should not act or rely 
on this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms or any other marketing materials in relation to the Trust 
Certificates. 
Prospective investors in the United Kingdom in any Trust Certificates are advised that all, or most, 
of the protections afforded by the United Kingdom regulatory system will not apply to an investment 
in such Trust Certificates and that compensation will not be available under the United Kingdom 
Financial Services Compensation Scheme. 
Any prospective investor intending to invest in any investment described in this Base Prospectus 
should consult its professional adviser and ensure that it fully understands all the risks associated 
with making such an investment and that it has sufficient financial resources to sustain any loss that 
may arise from such investment. 
EU MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The applicable Final Terms in respect of any series of Trust Certificates will include a legend entitled "EU 
MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Trust 
Certificates and which channels for distribution of the Trust Certificates are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the trust certificates (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Trust Certificates (by either adopting or 
refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. A determination 
will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance 
Rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "EU MiFID Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer 
subscribing for any Trust Certificates is a manufacturer in respect of such Trust Certificates, but otherwise 
neither the Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the 
purpose of the EU MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The applicable Final Terms in respect of any Series of Trust Certificates will include a legend entitled "UK 
MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Trust 
Certificates and which channels for distribution of the Trust Certificates are appropriate. Any distributor 
should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Trust Certificates (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose 
of the UK MiFIR product governance rules set out in the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any 
Trust Certificates is a manufacturer in respect of such Trust Certificates, but otherwise neither the Arranger 
nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules." 
VOLCKER RULE 
The Trustee may be deemed to be a "covered fund" for purposes of Section 13 of the Bank Holding 
Company Act of 1956, as amended (in particular, by Section 619 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform 
and Consumer Protection Act 2010), and any implementing regulations and related guidance (the "Volcker 
Rule"). Further, the Trust Certificates may constitute an "ownership interest" for the purposes of the 
Volcker Rule. As a result, the Volcker Rule may, subject to certain exemptions, prohibit certain banking 
institutions from, directly or indirectly, acquiring or retaining the Trust Certificates. This prohibition may 
adversely affect the liquidity and market price of the Trust Certificates. In addition, any entity that is a

--- Page 9 ---
- v - 
 
 
"banking entity" under the Volcker Rule and is considering an investment in the Trust Certificates should 
consider the potential impact of the Volcker Rule in respect of such investment and on its portfolio 
generally. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF THE KINGDOM OF BAHRAIN 
In relation to investors in the Kingdom of Bahrain, Trust Certificates issued in connection with this 
Base Prospectus and related offering documents may only be offered in registered form to existing 
accountholders and accredited investors (each as defined by the Central Bank of Bahrain (the 
"CBB")) in the Kingdom of Bahrain where such investors make a minimum investment of at least 
U.S.$100,000 or any equivalent amount in any other currency or such other amount as the CBB may 
determine. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of securities in the Kingdom of Bahrain pursuant 
to the terms of Article (81) of the Central Bank and Financial Institutions Law 2006 (decree Law No. 
64 of 2006). This Base Prospectus and any related offering documents have not been and will not be 
registered as a prospectus with the CBB. Accordingly, no Trust Certificates may be offered, sold or 
made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase nor will this Base Prospectus or any 
other related document or material be used in connection with any offer, sale or invitation to 
subscribe or purchase securities, whether directly or indirectly, to persons in the Kingdom of 
Bahrain, other than to accredited investors (as such term is defined by the CBB) for an offer outside 
the Kingdom of Bahrain. 
The CBB has not reviewed, approved or registered this Base Prospectus or any related offering 
documents and it has not in any way considered the merits of the Trust Certificates to be offered for 
investment, whether in or outside the Kingdom of Bahrain. Therefore, the CBB assumes no 
responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of the statements and information contained in this 
Base Prospectus and expressly disclaims any liability whatsoever for any loss howsoever arising from 
reliance upon the whole or any part of the content of this Base Prospectus. No offer of Trust 
Certificates will be made to the public in the Kingdom of Bahrain and this Base Prospectus must be 
read by the addressee only and must not be issued, passed to, or made available to the public 
generally. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF OMAN 
The information contained in this Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of securities in Oman 
as contemplated by the Commercial Companies Law of Oman (Royal Decree 4/74, as amended) (the 
"Commercial Companies Law") or Article 3 of the Capital Market Law of Oman (Royal Decree 
80/98, as amended) nor does it constitute a sukuk offering pursuant to the Sukuk Regulation issued 
by the Oman Capital Market Authority (CMA Decision 3/2016). This Base Prospectus will only be 
made available to investors in Oman in accordance with Article 139 of the Executive Regulations of 
the Capital Market Law (CMA Decision 1/2009, as amended) (the "Executive Regulations") by an 
entity duly licensed by the Oman Capital Market Authority to market non- Omani securities in 
Oman. 
This Base Prospectus has not been (and will not be) filed with the Oman Capital Market Authority 
(except in accordance with Article 139 of the Executive Regulations), the Central Bank of Oman or 
any other regulatory authority in Oman and neither the Oman Capital Market Authority nor the 
Central Bank of Oman assumes responsibility for the accuracy and adequacy of the statements and 
information contained in this Base Prospectus and shall not have any liability to any person for 
damage or loss resulting from reliance on any statements or information contained herein. 
KINGDOM OF SAUDI ARABIA NOTICE 
This Base Prospectus may not be distributed in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia except to such persons 
as are permitted under the Rules on the Offer of Securities and Continuing Obligations issued by the 
Capital Market Authority of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia (the "Capital Market Authority"). 
The Capital Market Authority does not make any representations as to the accuracy or completeness 
of this Base Prospectus, and expressly disclaims any liability whatsoever for any loss arising from, or 
incurred in reliance upon, any part of this Base Prospectus. Prospective purchasers of Trust

--- Page 10 ---
- vi - 
 
 
Certificates issued under the Programme should conduct their own due diligence on the accuracy of 
the information relating to the Trust Certificates. If you do not understand the contents of this Base 
Prospectus, you should consult an authorised financial adviser. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF THE STATE OF QATAR 
Any Trust Certificates to be issued under the Programme will not be offered or sold at any time, 
directly or indirectly, in the State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre) in a manner that 
would constitute a public offering. This Base Prospectus has not been and will not be reviewed or 
approved by, or registered with, the Qatar Financial Markets Authority, the Qatar Central Bank, 
the Qatar Stock Exchange or the Qatar Financial Centre Regulatory Authority in accordance with 
their regulations or any other regulations in the State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial 
Centre). The Trust Certificates are not and will not be traded on the Qatar Stock Exchange. The 
Trust Certificates and interests therein will not be offered to investors domiciled or resident in Qatar 
and do not constitute debt financing in the State of Qatar under the Commercial Companies Law 
No. (11) of 2015 or otherwise under the laws of the State of Qatar. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF THE CAYMAN ISLANDS 
No invitation, whether directly or indirectly, may be made to any member of the public in the 
Cayman Islands to subscribe for any Trust Certificates issued under the Programme and this Base 
Prospectus shall not be construed as an invitation to any member of the public of the Cayman Islands 
to subscribe for any Trust Certificates issued under the Programme. 
PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B OF THE SECURITIES AND 
FUTURES ACT (CHAPTER 289) 
The applicable Final Terms in respect of any Series of Trust Certificates may include a legend entitled 
"Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification" which will state the product 
classification of the Trust Certificates pursuant to section 309B(1) of the Securities and Futures Act 
(Chapter 289) (the "SFA"). The Trustee will make a determination in relation to each issue about 
the classification of the Trust Certificates being offered for the purposes of section 309B(1)(a). Any 
such legend included on the relevant Final Terms will constitute notice to "relevant persons" for the 
purposes of section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA. 
STABILISATION 
IN CONNECTION WITH THE ISSUE OF ANY TRANCHE OF TRUST CERTIFICATES, THE 
DEALER OR DEALERS (IF ANY) NAMED AS STABILISATION MANAGER(S) (OR ANY 
PERSONS ACTING ON BEHALF OF ANY STABILISATION MANAGER(S)) IN THE 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS MAY EFFECT TRANSACTIONS WITH A VIEW TO 
SUPPORTING THE MARKET PRICE OF THE TRUST CERTIFICATES AT A LEVEL HIGHER 
THAN THAT WHICH MIGHT OTHERWISE PREVAIL. HOWEVER, STABILISATION 
ACTION MAY NOT NECESSARILY OCCUR. ANY STABILISATION ACTION MAY BEGIN 
ON OR AFTER THE ISSUE DATE OF THE RELEVANT TRANCHE AND, IF BEGUN, MAY 
CEASE AT ANY TIME, BUT IT MUST END NO LATER THAN THE EARLIER OF 30 DAYS 
AFTER THE ISSUE DATE OF THE RELEVANT TRANCHE OF TRUST CERTIFICATES AND 
60 DAYS AFTER THE DATE OF THE ALLOTMENT OF THE RELEVANT TRANCHE OF 
TRUST CERTIFICATES. ANY STABILISATION ACTION MUST BE CONDUCTED BY THE 
RELEVANT STABILISATION MANAGER(S) (OR PERSONS ACTING ON BEHALF OF ANY 
STABILISATION MANAGER(S)) IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE LAWS AND 
RULES. 
SUPPLEMENTARY BASE PROSPECTUS 
If at any time the Trustee and the Government shall be required to prepare a supplementary base prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, the Trustee and the Government will prepare and make 
available a supplement to this Base Prospectus which, in respect of any subsequent issue of Trust 
Certificates to be listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext 
Dublin, shall constitute a supplementary base prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation.

--- Page 11 ---
- vii - 
 
 
Each of the Trustee and the Government has given an undertaking to the Arrangers and the Dealers that if 
at any time during the duration of the Programme there is a significant new factor, material mistake or 
inaccuracy relating to information contained in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the 
assessment of any Trust Certificates and whose inclusion in or removal from this Base Prospectus is 
necessary for the purpose of allowing an investor to make an informed assessment of the assets and 
liabilities, financial position, profits and losses (if applicable) and prospects of each of the Trustee and the 
Government, and the rights attaching to the Trust Certificates, the Trustee and the Government shall prepare 
a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a replacement base prospectus for use in connection with 
any subsequent offering of the Trust Certificates and shall supply to each Arrangers and Dealer such number 
of copies of such supplement hereto as such Arrangers or Dealer may reasonably request. 
PRESENTATION OF STATISTICAL INFORMATION 
The statistical information in this Base Prospectus has been derived from a number of different identified 
sources. Certain information (for example information relating to the balance of payments and information 
under the heading "Monetary and Financial System") is only available on a federal basis relating to the 
entire UAE and investors should note that Sharjah's specific position may differ in material respects from 
the position at an overall federal level. All statistical information provided in this Base Prospectus may 
differ from that produced by other sources for a variety of reasons, including the use of different definitions 
and cut-off times. Statistical information provided in respect of a certain year may be changed 
retrospectively in subsequent years when more recent statistical information is published. 
Some statistical information has also been derived from information publicly made available by third parties 
such as the International Monetary Fund (the "IMF"). Where such third party information has been so 
sourced, the source is stated where it appears in this Base Prospectus. Each of the Trustee and the 
Government confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware 
and is able to ascertain from information published by third parties, no facts have been omitted which would 
render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
Similar statistics may be obtainable from other sources, but the date of publication, underlying assumptions, 
methodology and, consequently, the resulting data may vary from source to source. In addition, statistics 
and data published by one ministry or agency may differ from similar statistics and data produced by other 
agencies or ministries due to differing underlying assumptions, methodology or timing of when such data 
is reproduced. Certain historical statistical information contained herein is provisional or otherwise based 
on estimates that Sharjah and/or its agencies believe to be based on reasonable assumptions. Sharjah's 
official financial and economic statistics are subject to regular internal review as part of a regular 
confirmation process. Accordingly, the financial and economic information set out in this Base Prospectus 
may be subsequently adjusted or revised and may differ from previously published financial and economic 
information. While Sharjah does not expect such revisions to be material, no assurance can be given that 
material changes will not be made. 
Information contained herein that is identified as being derived from a publication of Sharjah or one of its 
agencies or instrumentalities is included herein on the authority of such publication as an official public 
document of Sharjah. All other information contained herein with respect to Sharjah is included as an 
official public statement made on the authority of the Sharjah Finance Department of the Government. 
PRESENTATION OF ECONOMIC INFORMATION 
Annual information presented in this Base Prospectus is based upon the calendar year (which is the fiscal 
year for the UAE and Sharjah), unless otherwise indicated. Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus 
have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, figures shown for the same category presented in 
different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as totals in certain tables may not be the sum of the 
figures which precede them. Statistical information reported herein has been derived from official 
publications of, and information supplied by, a number of agencies and ministries of the Government, 
including the Department of Statistics and Community Development ("DSCD") and Sharjah Finance 
Department. Some statistical information has also been derived from information publicly made available 
by third parties such as the UAE Federal Competitiveness and Statistics Authority (formerly the National 
Bureau of Statistics) (the "FCSA") and the UAE Central Bank. Where such third party information has 
been so sourced, the source is stated where it appears in this Base Prospectus. The DSCD began reporting 
GDP data for Sharjah for 2017 which differs from GDP and other information for Sharjah reported by the 
FCSA. Each of the Trustee and the Government confirms that such information has been accurately

--- Page 12 ---
- viii - 
 
 
reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by third parties, 
no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
PRESENTATION OF INFORMATION 
Certain Defined Terms and Conventions 
References to any individual year are references to a calendar year commencing on 1 January and ending 
on 31 December in the same year. All references in this document to "AED" and "U.A.E. Dirham" are to 
the currency of the UAE; to "U.S. Dollars", "U.S.$" and "$" are to the currency of the United States of 
America. The UAE Dirham has been pegged to the U.S. Dollar since 22 November 1980. The mid-point 
between the official buying and selling rates for the UAE Dirham is at a fixed rate of AED3.6725 = 
U.S.$1.00. For ease of presentation, certain financial information relating to Sharjah included herein is 
presented as translated into U.S. Dollars at the U.S. Dollar/AED rates of exchange deemed appropriate by 
Sharjah. Unless otherwise specified, such rates were applicable as of the end of such specified period(s). 
Such translations should not be construed as a representation that the amounts in question have been, could 
have been or could be converted into U.S. Dollars at that or any other rate. References to "SDR" are to the 
Special Drawing Right, a unit of account having the meaning ascribed to it from time to time by the Rules 
and Regulations of the IMF. References to "RMB" are to the lawful currency of the People's Republic of 
China (the "PRC") (which, for the purposes of this Base Prospectus, excludes the Hong Kong Special 
Administrative Region of the PRC, the Macau Special Administrative Region of the PRC and Taiwan). 
References in this document to "billions" are to thousands of millions. References to the "Government" 
are to the Government of the Emirate of Sharjah unless the context otherwise requires. References to 
"Sharjah" and to the "Emirate" are to the Emirate of Sharjah. References to the "UAE" are to the United 
Arab Emirates. 
Foreign Language 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have 
been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them 
under applicable law.

--- Page 13 ---
- ix - 
 
 
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
Some of the statements contained in this Base Prospectus constitute forward-looking statements. Statements 
that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements generally can be 
identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as "may", "will", "expect", "intend", "estimate", 
"anticipate", "believe", "continue", "could", "should", "would" or similar terminology. These forward-
looking statements are contained in the sections entitled "Risk Factors", "Description of the Emirate of 
Sharjah" and "The Economy of Sharjah" and other sections of this Base Prospectus. 
Although the Government believes that the expectations, estimates and projections reflected in its forward-
looking statements are reasonable, if one or more of the risks or uncertainties materialise, including those 
identified below or which the Government has otherwise identified in this Base Prospectus, or if any of the 
Government's underlying assumptions prove to be incomplete or inaccurate, the financial, political or 
economic condition of Sharjah may vary from that expected, estimated or predicted. Investors are therefore 
strongly advised to read the sections entitled "Risk Factors", and "The Economy of Sharjah", which include 
a more detailed description of the factors that might have an impact on the financial, political or economic 
condition of Sharjah. 
These forward-looking statements speak only as at the date of this Base Prospectus. Without prejudice to 
any requirements under applicable laws, the Trustee and the Government expressly disclaims any obligation 
or undertaking to disseminate after the date of this Base Prospectus any updates or revisions to any forward-
looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in expectations thereof or any change in events, 
conditions or circumstances on which any forward-looking statement is based.

--- Page 14 ---
CONTENTS 
 
Page 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ....................................................................................................... 1 
RISK FACTORS ........................................................................................................................................ 10 
STRUCTURE DIAGRAM AND CASHFLOWS ...................................................................................... 26 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ............................................................................. 28 
USE OF PROCEEDS ................................................................................................................................. 29 
DESCRIPTION OF THE TRUSTEE ......................................................................................................... 30 
DESCRIPTION OF THE EMIRATE OF SHARJAH ................................................................................ 31 
THE ECONOMY OF SHARJAH .............................................................................................................. 45 
BALANCE OF PAYMENTS AND FOREIGN TRADE ........................................................................... 61 
MONETARY AND FINANCIAL SYSTEM ............................................................................................. 65 
PUBLIC FINANCE ................................................................................................................................... 79 
INDEBTEDNESS ...................................................................................................................................... 84 
FORM OF THE TRUST CERTIFICATES ................................................................................................ 86 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ........................................................................................................................ 88 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE TRUST CERTIFICATES ........................................................... 95 
SUMMARY OF THE PRINCIPAL TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS .................................................. 138 
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................. 149 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................................. 150 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................. 156

--- Page 15 ---
- 1 - 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
Words and expressions defined in the "Terms and Conditions of the Trust Certificates", (the "Conditions") 
and elsewhere in this Base Prospectus shall have the same meanings in this overview. This overview 
constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 2019/980. 
Issuer, Trustee, Purchaser and 
Lessor 
Sharjah Sukuk Programme Limited, an exempted limited 
liability company incorporated in the Cayman Islands under 
the Companies Law (2016 Revision) (as amended). The 
Trustee has been incorporated solely for the purpose of 
participating in the transactions contemplated by the 
Transaction Documents (as defined below) to which it is a 
party. 
Trustee's Legal Entity Identifier 
(LEI) 
549300N3BQ9P6RRMVV02. 
Obligor, Seller, Lessee, Buyer, 
Servicing Agent and the Government 
The Government of the Emirate of Sharjah, acting through 
the Sharjah Finance Department. 
Arrangers 
HSBC Bank plc 
Standard Chartered Bank 
Dealers 
Abu Dhabi Islamic Bank P.J.S.C. 
Dubai Islamic Bank P.J.S.C. 
HSBC Bank plc 
Sharjah Islamic Bank P.J.S.C. 
Standard Chartered Bank 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the 
Dealer Agreement. 
Delegate 
Deutsche Trustee Company Limited. 
Registrar and Transfer Agent 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
Principal Paying Agent and Transfer 
Agent 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch. 
Negative Pledge 
The Purchase Undertaking contains a negative pledge given 
by the Government. 
Trustee Covenants 
The Trustee has agreed to certain restrictive covenants as set 
out in "Covenants" in the Conditions. 
Cross Acceleration 
In respect of the Government, the Trust Certificates will have 
the benefit of a cross-acceleration provision, as described in 
sub-paragraph (iii) of the definition of "Government Event" 
corresponding thereto (contained in the Conditions). 
Status of the Trust Certificates 
Each Trust Certificate evidences an undivided ownership 
interest of the Certificateholders in the Trust Assets subject 
to the terms of the Declaration of Trust and the Conditions, 
and is a direct, unsubordinated, unsecured and limited 
recourse obligation of the Trustee. Each Trust Certificate will 
rank pari passu, without any preference or priority, with all 
other Trust Certificates. 
 
The payment obligations of the Government (in any capacity) 
under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party in 
respect of each Series of Trust Certificates will be direct, 
unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the negative 
pledge provisions described in the Purchase Undertaking)

--- Page 16 ---
- 2 - 
 
 
unsecured obligations of the Government and (save for such 
exceptions as may be provided by applicable legislation and 
subject to the negative pledge provisions described in the 
Purchase Undertaking) at all times rank at least pari passu 
with all other present and future unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Government from time to 
time outstanding, provided, further, that the Government 
shall have no obligation to effect equal or rateable payment(s) 
at any time with respect to any such other obligations and, in 
particular, shall have no obligation to pay such other 
obligations at the same time or as a condition of paying sums 
due under the Transaction Documents and vice versa. 
Meetings of Certificateholders 
The Conditions contain a "collective action" clause which 
permits defined majorities to bind all Certificateholders. 
 
If the Trustee issues future securities which contain collective 
action clauses in substantially the same form as the collective 
action clause in the Conditions, the Trust Certificates would 
be capable of aggregation with any such future securities. See 
"Risk Factors — Risk factors relating to the Trust 
Certificates'' — The Conditions contain a "collective action" 
clause under which the terms of any one Series of Trust 
Certificates or multiple Series of Trust Certificates may be 
amended, modified or waived without the consent of all 
Certificateholders". 
Further Issues 
On the relevant Issue Date of any additional Tranche of Trust 
Certificates issued in accordance with Condition 23 (Further 
Issues): (i) the Government (in its capacity as seller) and the 
Trustee (in its capacity as purchaser) may enter into a 
Supplemental Purchase Agreement for the sale, transfer and 
conveyance of the relevant Additional Assets; and (ii) 
provided that the value of Additional Asset(s) (if any) is less 
than the aggregate face amount of the additional Trust 
Certificates, or where no Additional Assets are being 
purchased by the Trustee (in its capacity as purchaser) from 
the Government (in its capacity as seller) in relation to any 
additional Tranche of Trust Certificates, on receipt of a 
purchase order from the Government (acting as buyer) and in 
accordance with the Master Murabaha Agreement, the 
Government may purchase commodities from Sharjah Sukuk 
Programme Limited at a Deferred Sale Price equal to the 
aggregate of: (i) the Murabaha Percentage of the aggregate 
face amount of the additional Trust Certificates; and (ii) the 
relevant Profit Amount (as defined in the Master Murabaha 
Agreement). The Trustee will execute a Declaration of 
Commingling of Assets for and on behalf of the holders of 
the relevant existing Trust Certificates and the holders of such 
additional Trust Certificates so created and issued, declaring 
that the relevant Additional Asset(s) (if any) and the relevant 
Lease Asset(s) (if any) in respect of the relevant Series as in 
existence immediately prior to the creation and issue of the 
additional Trust Certificates and the Commodity Murabaha 
Investments (if any) relating to the relevant Series (and all 
rights arising under or with respect to such Commodity 
Murabaha Investments, including the right to receive 
payment of the relevant Deferred Sale Price) is/are 
commingled and shall collectively comprise part of the Trust 
Assets for the benefit of the holders of such existing Trust

--- Page 17 ---
- 3 - 
 
 
Certificates and the holders of such additional Trust 
Certificates. 
Use of Proceeds 
The net proceeds of each Tranche of Trust Certificates issued 
under the Programme will be applied by the Trustee pursuant 
to the terms of the relevant Transaction Documents on the 
relevant Issue Date in the following proportion: (A) the Ijara 
Percentage of the aggregate face amount of the Trust 
Certificates of such Tranche as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms towards the purchase from the Government of 
all of its rights, title and interests in, to and under (in the case 
of the first Tranche) the Asset(s) and, if applicable (in the case 
of each subsequent Tranche) the Additional Asset(s) pursuant 
to the relevant Purchase Agreement; and (B) if applicable, the 
Murabaha Percentage of the aggregate face amount of the 
Trust Certificates of such Tranche as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms towards the purchase of commodities 
to be sold to the Government pursuant to the Master 
Murabaha Agreement. 
Risk Factors 
There are certain factors that may affect the Trustee's and 
Government's ability to fulfil its respective obligations under 
the Trust Certificates. See "Risk Factors". 
Issuance in Series 
Trust Certificates will be issued in Series. Each Series may 
comprise one or more Tranches issued on different Issue 
Dates. The Trust Certificates of each Series will have the 
same terms and conditions or terms and conditions which are 
the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the 
first payment of Periodic Distribution Amounts thereon and 
the date from which Periodic Distribution Amounts start to 
accrue. 
Distribution 
Trust Certificates may be distributed by way of private or 
public placement and in each case on a syndicated or non-
syndicated basis. 
Currencies 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, any 
currency agreed between the Trustee, the Government and 
the relevant Dealer(s). 
Maturities 
The Trust Certificates will have such maturities as may be 
agreed between the Trustee, the Government and the relevant 
Dealer(s), subject to such minimum or maximum maturities 
as may be allowed or required from time to time by the 
relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or 
regulations applicable to the Trustee, the Government or the 
relevant Specified Currency. 
Denominations 
The Trust Certificates will be issued in such denominations 
as may be agreed between the Trustee, the Government and 
the relevant Dealer(s), save that: (i) the minimum 
denomination of each Trust Certificate will be such amount 
as may be allowed or required from time to time by the 
relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or 
regulations applicable to the Specified Currency; (ii) the 
minimum denomination of each Trust Certificate admitted to 
trading on a regulated market within the EEA or the United 
Kingdom or offered to the public in a Member State of the 
EEA or the United Kingdom, in circumstances which require 
the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus 
Regulation, will be at least €100,000 (or, if the Trust

--- Page 18 ---
- 4 - 
 
 
Certificates are denominated in a currency other than euro, 
the equivalent amount in such currency, as calculated on the 
date of issue of the Trust Certificates (the "Issue Date" of the 
relevant Tranche)); and (iii) unless otherwise permitted by 
such current laws and regulations, Trust Certificates 
(including Trust Certificates denominated in sterling) which 
have a maturity of less than one year and in respect of which 
the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Trustee in the 
United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise constitutes a 
contravention of section 19 of the FSMA will have a 
minimum denomination of £100,000 (or, if the Trust 
Certificates are denominated in a currency other than sterling, 
the equivalent amount in such currency, as calculated on the 
Issue Date of the relevant Tranche). 
Issue Price 
Trust Certificates may be issued at any price on a fully paid 
basis, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. The price 
and amount of Trust Certificates to be issued under the 
Programme will be determined by the Trustee, the 
Government and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in 
accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Form of Trust Certificates 
The Trust Certificates will be issued in registered form as 
described in "Form of the Trust Certificates". 
Clearing Systems 
Certificateholders must hold their interest in the relevant 
Global Trust Certificate in book-entry form through 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg in relation to any 
Series, such other clearing system in which the relevant 
Global Trust Certificate is held. Transfers within and between 
each of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg will be in 
accordance with the usual rules and operating procedures of 
the relevant clearing system. 
Periodic Distributions 
Certificateholders 
are 
entitled 
to 
receive 
Periodic 
Distribution Amounts calculated on the basis specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Redemption of Trust Certificates on 
Scheduled Dissolution Date 
Trust Certificates shall be redeemed on the Scheduled 
Dissolution Date at the relevant Final Dissolution Amount 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Optional Dissolution 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a Series of Trust 
Certificates may be redeemed prior to its Scheduled 
Dissolution Date at the Optional Dissolution (Call) Amount 
or the Clean Up Call Right Dissolution Amount, as 
applicable, in the circumstances set out in "Terms and 
Conditions of the Trust Certificates — Dissolution at the 
Option of the Government (Optional Dissolution Call Right" 
or "Terms and Conditions of the Trust Certificates — 
Dissolution at the Option of the Government (Clean Up Call 
Right)", as applicable. 
Dissolution Events 
Upon the occurrence of any Dissolution Event, the Trust 
Certificates may be redeemed on the Dissolution Event 
Redemption Date at the Dissolution Event Amount (which 
shall include any accrued but unpaid Periodic Distribution 
Amount) and the Return Accumulation Period may be 
adjusted accordingly, as described in "Terms and Conditions 
of the Trust Certificates — Dissolution Events".

--- Page 19 ---
- 5 - 
 
 
Early Dissolution for Tax Reasons 
Where the Trustee has or will become obliged to pay any 
additional amounts in respect of the Trust Certificates 
pursuant to Condition 12 (Taxation) or the Government has 
or will become obliged to pay any additional amounts in 
respect of amounts payable under the Lease Agreement or the 
Purchase Undertaking as a result of a change in the laws of a 
Relevant Jurisdiction (as defined in the Conditions, but 
excluding Sharjah) and where such obligation cannot be 
avoided by the Trustee or the Government, as applicable, 
taking reasonable measures available to it, the Trustee may, 
following receipt of an exercise notice from the Government 
pursuant to the Sale and Substitution Undertaking, redeem 
the Trust Certificates in whole but not in part at their face 
amount together with any accrued but unpaid Periodic 
Distribution Amounts on the relevant Dissolution Date in 
accordance with Condition 10.2 (Early Dissolution for Tax 
Reasons). 
Certificateholder Put Right 
If 
so 
specified 
in 
the 
applicable 
Final 
Terms, 
Certificateholders may, in the circumstances set out in 
Condition 10.5 (Dissolution at the Option of the 
Certificateholders (Certificateholder Put Right)) elect to 
redeem their Trust Certificates on any Certificateholder Put 
Right Date(s), provided that such date is a Periodic 
Distribution Date, unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms at the applicable Optional Dissolution 
Amount (Put) specified in, or determined in the manner 
specified in, the applicable Final Terms together with all 
accrued and unpaid Periodic Distribution Amounts in 
accordance with Condition 10.2 (Early Dissolution for Tax 
Reasons). 
Tangibility Event Put Right: 
If a Tangibility Event occurs, Certificateholders may, in the 
circumstances set out in Condition 10.6 (Dissolution at the 
Option of the Certificateholders (Tangibility Event Put 
Right)) exercise their option to redeem their Trust Certificates 
on any Tangibility Event Put Right Date at the applicable 
Dissolution Amount by delivering a Tangibility Event Put 
Notice within the Tangibility Event Put Option Period, 
subject to and in accordance with Condition 10.6 (Dissolution 
at the Option of the Certificateholders (Tangibility Event Put 
Right)). 
On the date falling 15 days following the Tangibility Event 
Put Right Date, the Trust Certificates will be delisted from 
any stock exchange (if any) on which the Trust Certificates 
have been admitted to listing. 
Total Loss Event 
Save where the relevant Lease Asset(s) is/are replaced in 
accordance with the Servicing Agency Agreement by no later 
than the 60th day after the occurrence of a Total Loss Event, 
the occurrence of a Total Loss Event will result in the 
redemption of the Trust Certificates of that Series and the 
consequent dissolution of the relevant Trust no later than 
close of business in London on the 61st day after the 
occurrence of such Total Loss Event (being the Total Loss 
Dissolution Date) in accordance with Condition 10.4 
(Dissolution following a Total Loss Event). 
 
If a Total Loss Event occurs, the Servicing Agent shall be 
responsible for ensuring that all proceeds of Insurances in 
respect thereof (if any) are each paid in the Specified

--- Page 20 ---
- 6 - 
 
 
Currency directly into the Transaction Account by no later 
than the 60th day after the occurrence of the Total Loss Event. 
 
If a Total Loss Event occurs and the relevant Lease Asset(s) 
is/are not replaced as discussed above, and the amount of the 
proceeds of Insurances (if any) credited to the Transaction 
Account is less than the Full Reinstatement Value (the 
difference between the Full Reinstatement Value and the 
amount credited to the Transaction Account being the "Loss 
Shortfall Amount"), the Servicing Agent shall be 
responsible for paying the Loss Shortfall Amount directly 
into the Transaction Account by no later than close of 
business in London on the 61st day after the Total Loss Event 
has occurred, such that the amount standing to the credit of 
the Transaction Account on the Total Loss Dissolution Date 
represents the aggregate of the proceeds of Insurances 
payable in respect of a Total Loss Event (if any) and the Loss 
Shortfall Amount payable by the Servicing Agent in 
accordance with the terms of the Servicing Agency 
Agreement. 
 
Rental payments under the Lease Agreement and, therefore, 
Periodic Distribution Amounts, shall cease to accrue with 
effect from the date on which a Total Loss Event occurs, and 
no additional rental payment shall be made in respect of the 
period between the date on which the Total Loss Event 
occurred and the Total Loss Dissolution Date 
Upon the occurrence of a Total Loss Event and from the date 
of the Trading Notice and until any further notice from the 
Trustee stating otherwise, in consultation with the Shari'a 
Adviser, the Trust Certificates should be tradable only in 
accordance with the Shari'a principles of debt trading. 
Partial Loss Event 
If a Partial Loss Event shall occur with respect to any of the 
Lease Assets: (a) provided that the Lease Assets have not 
been replaced pursuant to the Servicing Agency Agreement, 
within 30 days of the Partial Loss Event Date, the Lessee may 
deliver a Partial Loss Termination Notice to the Lessor and 
the Delegate that the Lease shall terminate on the 61st day 
after the Partial Loss Event Date; or (b) provided that the 
Lessee has not exercised, or has expressly waived, its rights 
to terminate the Lease under paragraph (a) above, if such 
Lease Assets have not been replaced pursuant to the 
Servicing Agency Agreement, without prejudice to any right 
or remedy that the Lessor may have under any Transaction 
Document or by law, the Lease shall automatically terminate 
on the Partial Loss Termination Date and the Lessor will be 
entitled (in addition to any amounts payable pursuant to the 
Servicing Agency Agreement and the Purchase Undertaking) 
to any due and unpaid Rental up to the Partial Loss Event 
Date. The termination of the Lease on the 61st day after the 
Partial Loss Event Date as a result of either of the 
circumstances described in (a) or (b) above shall constitute a 
"Government Event".  
Cancellation of Trust Certificates 
held by the Trustee, the Government 
and/or any other public sector 
instrumentality 
The Trustee, the Government of the Emirate of Sharjah, the 
Sharjah Finance Department and/or any other public sector 
instrumentality of the Government of the Emirate of Sharjah 
(as defined in "Condition 18(i) (Trust Certificates controlled 
by the Trustee or the Government") may at any time purchase 
Trust Certificates at any price in the open market or

--- Page 21 ---
- 7 - 
 
 
otherwise. Following any purchase of Trust Certificates, the 
Trustee, the Government of the Emirate of Sharjah, the 
Sharjah Finance Department and/or any other public sector 
instrumentality of the Government of the Emirate of Sharjah, 
as the case may be, may at its option hold or resell such Trust 
Certificates. 
 
Should the Government wish to cancel any Trust Certificates 
so purchased, it shall deliver a Cancellation Notice to the 
Trustee (in accordance with the Sale and Substitution 
Undertaking) whereupon (i) in accordance with the terms of 
the Sale and Substitution Undertaking, the Trustee shall be 
obliged to transfer all of the Trustee's rights, title and interests 
in, to and under the Cancelled Lease Asset(s) to the 
Government and (ii) in accordance with the terms of the 
Master Murabaha Agreement, the relevant proportion of the 
Deferred Sale Price corresponding to the proportion of the 
Trust Certificates subject of such cancellation shall be 
cancelled, in each case in consideration for which the relevant 
Trust Certificates shall be cancelled. 
 
The transfer of the Cancelled Lease Asset(s) will take effect 
by the Government (as purchaser) and the Trustee (as seller) 
entering into a Sale Agreement (in the form scheduled to the 
Sale and Substitution Undertaking). Following the entry into 
such Sale Agreement, the Trustee shall forthwith surrender to 
the Registrar the relevant Trust Certificates identified for 
cancellation in the Cancellation Notice on the Cancellation 
Date. 
Substitution of Lease Asset(s) 
Pursuant to the Sale and Substitution Undertaking, the 
Government may, at any time, exercise its right to require the 
Trustee to substitute on any Substitution Date some or all of 
the relevant Lease Asset(s) with New Asset(s) (as specified 
in the relevant Substitution Notice, and each as defined in the 
Sale and Substitution Undertaking) having a value which is 
equal to or greater than the value of the relevant Lease 
Asset(s) being substituted. 
Withholding Tax 
All payments in respect of Trust Certificates shall be made in 
the Specified Currency without set-off or counterclaim of any 
kind and free and clear of, and without withholding or 
deduction for, any Taxes of whatever nature imposed, levied, 
collected, withheld or assessed by or within the Relevant 
Jurisdiction, unless the withholding or deduction is required 
by law. In that event, the Trustee shall, save in the limited 
circumstances provided in Condition 12 (Taxation), be 
required to pay such additional amounts as will result in the 
receipt by the Certificateholders of such amounts as would 
have been received by them, had no such withholding or 
deduction been required. 
Further, in accordance with the terms of the Master 
Declaration of Trust, the Government has unconditionally 
and irrevocably undertaken to (irrespective of the payment of 
any fee), as a continuing obligation, in the event that the 
Trustee fails to comply with any obligation to pay additional 
amounts pursuant to Condition 12 (Taxation), pay to or to the 
order 
of 
the 
Delegate 
(for 
the 
benefit 
of 
the

--- Page 22 ---
- 8 - 
 
 
Certificateholders) an amount equal to the liability of the 
Trustee in respect of any and all additional amounts required 
to be paid by the Trustee in respect of the Trust Certificates 
pursuant to Condition 12 (Taxation). 
All payments by the Government (in any capacity) under the 
Transaction Documents to which it is a party shall be made 
in the Specified Currency without set-off or counterclaim of 
any kind and free and clear of, and without withholding or 
deduction for, any Taxes of whatever nature imposed, levied, 
collected, withheld or assessed by or within the Relevant 
Jurisdiction unless the withholding or deduction is required 
by law. In that event, the Government shall be required to pay 
such additional amounts as will result in the receipt by the 
Trustee or the Delegate (as applicable) of such amounts as 
would have been received by it, had no such deduction or 
withholding been required. 
Ratings: 
Sharjah has been assigned a long- and short-term foreign and 
local currency sovereign credit rating of BBB- and A-3 by 
S&P with a stable outlook and a long-term issuer rating of 
Baa3 by Moody's with a negative outlook. 
 
The ratings assigned to each Series of Trust Certificates (if 
any) to be issued under the Programme will be specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. A rating is not a recommendation 
to buy, sell or hold the Trust Certificates (or beneficial 
interests therein) and may be subject to revision, suspension 
or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating 
organisation. Whether or not each any credit rating applied 
for in relation to the relevant Series of Trust Certificates will 
be issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA or 
the United Kingdom and registered under the CRA 
Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation will be disclosed in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
Listing and admission to trading 
Application will be made to: (i) Euronext Dublin for each 
Series of the Trust Certificates issued under the Programme 
to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on its 
regulated market; (ii) the DFSA for the Trust Certificates to 
be admitted to listing on the DFSA Official List and to the 
Nasdaq Dubai for the Trust Certificates to be admitted to 
trading on Nasdaq Dubai, or (iii) as otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and references to listing shall be 
construed accordingly. As specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, a Series of Trust Certificates may be unlisted. 
Irish Listing Agent 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited of Ten Earlsfort 
Terrace, Dublin 2, Ireland. 
Governing Law and Dispute 
Resolution 
The Trust Certificates shall be governed by, and construed in 
accordance with, English law. 
 
The Master Declaration of Trust, each Supplemental 
Declaration of Trust, the Dealer Agreement, each 
Subscription Agreement, the Agency Agreement, the Master 
Murabaha Agreement, the Servicing Agency Agreement, the 
Purchase Undertaking and the Sale and Substitution 
Undertaking shall be governed by and construed in 
accordance with English law. In respect of any dispute under 
any such Transaction Document to which it is a party, the

--- Page 23 ---
- 9 - 
 
 
Government has consented to arbitration in London under the 
rules of arbitration of the London Court of International 
Arbitration ("LCIA") (with the seat in London). The 
Government has also agreed to submit to the exclusive 
jurisdiction of the courts of England (the "English Courts") 
in respect of any dispute under any such Transaction 
Document (subject to the right of the Delegate, the Agents or 
the Trustee, as the case may be, to require any dispute to be 
resolved by any other court of competent jurisdiction). 
 
The Master Purchase Agreement, each Supplemental 
Purchase Agreement, the Master Lease Agreement, each 
Supplemental Lease Agreement and each Sale Agreement 
will be governed by the laws of Sharjah and, to the extent 
applicable in Sharjah, the federal laws of the UAE, and will 
be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Sharjah courts. 
Waiver of Immunity 
Each of the Trustee and the Government has agreed in the 
Transaction Documents to which it is a party that to the extent 
that it may in any jurisdiction claim for itself or its assets or 
revenues 
immunity 
from 
jurisdiction, 
enforcement, 
prejudgment proceedings, injunctions and all other legal or 
arbitral proceedings and relief and to the extent that such 
immunity (whether or not claimed) may be attributed to it or 
its assets or revenues, it has agreed not to claim and 
irrevocably and unconditionally waives such immunity to the 
full extent permitted by the laws of that jurisdiction in 
relation to any proceedings or disputes. Further, each of the 
Trustee 
and 
the 
Government 
has 
irrevocably 
and 
unconditionally consented to the giving of any relief or the 
issue of any legal or arbitral proceedings, including, without 
limitation, 
jurisdiction, 
enforcement, 
prejudgment 
proceedings and injunctions in connection with any 
proceedings or disputes. 
Limited Recourse 
Each Trust Certificate represents solely an undivided 
ownership interest in the Trust Assets of the relevant Series. 
No payment of any amount whatsoever shall be made in 
respect of the Trust Certificates of each Series except to the 
extent that funds for that purpose are available for the Trust 
Assets of that Series, as described in "Terms and Conditions 
of the Trust Certificates — Status and Limited Recourse". 
Selling Restrictions 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the 
Trust Certificates in the United States, the United Kingdom, 
the EEA, the Kingdom of Bahrain, the Sultanate of Oman, 
the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, the State of Qatar (including 
the Qatar Financial Centre), the Cayman Islands, the UAE 
(excluding the DIFC), the DIFC, the State of Kuwait, Hong 
Kong, Singapore and Malaysia such other restrictions as may 
be required in connection with the offering and sale of a 
particular Tranche of Trust Certificates, see "Subscription 
and Sale" below. 
United States Selling Restrictions 
There are restrictions on the transfer of the Trust Certificates 
sold pursuant to Regulation S, Category 2. See "Subscription 
and Sale" below.

--- Page 24 ---
- 10 - 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
An investment in the Trust Certificates involves risks. Accordingly, prospective investors should carefully 
consider, amongst other things, the risks described below, as well as the detailed information set out 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus, and reach their own views before making an investment decision. The 
risks and uncertainties described below are not the only risks and uncertainties related to the Trustee, the 
Government and the Trust Certificates. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known, or currently 
believed to be immaterial, could also impair the ability to make payments on the Trust Certificates. If any 
of the following risks actually materialise, the financial condition and prospects of the Trustee and/or the 
Government could be materially adversely affected. If that were to happen, the trading price of the Trust 
Certificates could decline and the Trustee may be unable to make payments due on the Trust Certificates, 
and investors may lose all or part of their investment. Prospective investors should also read the detailed 
information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and reach their own views prior to making any 
investment decision. Words and expression defined elsewhere in this Base Prospectus (including in the 
Terms and Conditions) shall have the same meanings in this section. 
Risk factors relating to the Trustee 
Factors that may affect the Trustee's ability to fulfil its obligations under or in connection with the Trust 
Certificates issued under the Programme 
The Trustee has limited operating history and no material assets and will depend on receipt of payments 
from the Government to make payments to Certificateholders 
The Trustee was incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands on 7 June 2017 as an exempted 
company with limited liability and has limited operating history. The Trustee has not and will not engage 
in any business activity other than the issuance of Trust Certificates under the Programme, the acquisition 
of the Trust Assets as described herein, acting in the capacity as Trustee, the issuance of shares in its capital 
and other activities incidental or related to the foregoing as required under the relevant Transaction 
Documents relating to each Series. Because the Trustee is a Cayman Islands company, it may not be 
possible for Certificateholders to effect service of process on it outside the Cayman Islands. 
The Trustee's only material assets, which will be held on trust for Certificateholders, will be the Trust Assets 
relating to each Series of Trust Certificates, including the obligation of the Government to make payments 
to the Trustee under the relevant Transaction Documents to which it is a party relating to each Series. 
Therefore, the Trustee is subject to all the risks to which the Government is subject to the extent that such 
risks could limit the Government's ability to satisfy in full and on a timely basis its obligations under the 
Transaction Documents. 
The ability of the Trustee to pay amounts due on the Trust Certificates will therefore be dependent upon 
receipt by the Trustee from the Government of amounts to be paid pursuant to the Transaction Documents 
(which may not be sufficient to meet all claims under the Trust Certificates and the Transaction 
Documents). As a result, the Trustee is subject to all the risks to which the Government is subject, to the 
extent such risks could limit the Government's ability to satisfy in full and on a timely basis, its obligations 
under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party. See "—Risks relating to Sharjah and the UAE". 
Risk factors relating to Sharjah and the UAE 
Risks relating to the ongoing coronavirus COVID-19 
The outbreak of communicable diseases on a global scale may affect investment sentiment and result in 
sporadic volatility in global capital markets.  
As at the date of the Base Prospectus, the COVID-19 outbreak is still having a continuing adverse impact 
on the world economy, which has so far included disruption to global supply chains, reduced GDP growth 
rates in 2020, increased fiscal deficits on the part of many governments and increased unemployment levels. 
Sharjah's nominal GDP decreased by 10.1 per cent between 2019 and 2020, while the fiscal deficit increased 
by 28.1 per cent. Whilst the medium and long-term impact of the COVID-19 outbreak remains uncertain, 
a number of central banks and governments, including the Government of the Emirate of Sharjah, have 
provided financial stimulus and economic support packages during 2020 and continuing in 2021. More 
generally, the rate of recovery of global economies remains subject to a number of ongoing COVID-19 
risks, including the availability and pace of vaccinations, the spread of emerging variants and the ability of

--- Page 25 ---
- 11 - 
 
 
governments to reduce stimulus packages that were put in place to stem the worst economic impacts of the 
COVID-19 pandemic without harming economic recovery. 
On 14 March 2020, the UAE Central Bank announced an AED 100 billion stimulus package to address the 
effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on the economy, known as the Temporary Economic Support Scheme 
(the "TESS"). The package included AED 50 billion in aid for banks through collateralised, zero-interest 
loans and allowed banks to use as much as 60 per cent. of their capital conservation buffer, making an 
additional AED 50 billion in liquidity available to lenders. Additionally, the UAE Central Bank raised the 
loan-to-value ratios related to mortgage loans for first-time home owners in an attempt to make home 
ownership more affordable, and also made allowances for banks' real estate exposure to increase to 30 per 
cent. from 20 per cent. as long as additional capital was available.  
On 16 March 2020, the UAE Central Bank announced that it would cut the interest rate applicable to the 1-
week Certificates of Deposit (CD) by 75 basis points, in line with the Federal Funds Target Rate – Upper 
Bound, maintain the repo rate at 50 basis points above the 1-week CD rate, and reduce rates applicable to 
the Interim Margin Lending Facility and the Collateralised Murabaha Facility by 50 basis points to 50 basis 
points above the repo rate against CDs. 
On 5 April 2020, the UAE Central Bank increased its banking stimulus package to a total of AED 256 
billion in response to the significant adverse effect that COVID-19 was having on the economy of the UAE. 
The package included a reduction in reserve requirements for demand deposits, an allocation of AED 61 
billion to support banks' lending and liquidity management, a limitation on fees that banks can charge SMEs 
and a stipulation that banks cannot require a minimum account balance larger than AED 10,000. The 
package also included an allocation of AED 95 billion to assist banks in deferring retail and corporate debt 
payments until the end of 2020. 
On 16 November 2020, the UAE Central Bank announced that following its review of the TESS the scheme 
would be extended until 30 June 2021 to continue to support individuals and businesses affected by 
COVID-19, and on 20 April 2021, the zero-interest rate facility was again extended to June 2022 and the 
regulations for loan deferrals to December 2021. 
In November 2020, the Government of Sharjah approved a stimulus package of approximately AED 512.0 
million. The stimulus package includes incentives to support the government, private entities, businesses 
and individuals, boost business continuity and mitigate the overall economic impact of the COVID-19 
pandemic. As of 4 February 2021, the Federal Government and the individual emirates have so far 
announced approximately AED 32.0 billion (2.8 per cent. of GDP) in various fiscal measures in response 
to the COVID-19 pandemic which include AED 16.0 billion approved by the Federal Government to 
support the private sector by reducing various government fees, refunding 50 per cent. of bank and financial 
guarantees to some establishments and accelerating existing infrastructure projects 
In June 2020, to support the operation of the TESS and the general flow of funds into the economy in 
Sharjah, the Government initiated a programme to place unlisted short-term sukuk instruments issued by 
the Government with Sharjah-based banks. These sukuk instruments constitute high-quality assets which 
may be used by the participating banks to generate liquidity through their treasury operations. At least 50 
per cent. of the proceeds from such an issuance are to be deposited back with the participating banks by the 
Government, further improving their liquidity position. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the 
Government had completed AED 10 billion of short-term issuance under this scheme, of which AED 6 
billion remained outstanding. 
Although the various measures mentioned above, such as the restrictions on travel and freedom of 
movement, have been taken in order to combat the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, further outbreaks 
(including as a result of the emergence of new variants) may have a further negative economic impact or 
increase the budget deficit.  
As of 9 June 2021, according to the UAE Ministry of Health and Prevention, the UAE had recorded 18,885 
active cases of COVID-19, bringing the total number of recorded cases in the UAE to 589,423 including 
1,710 deaths and 568,828 recoveries from the disease. By the end of May 2021, the UAE had conducted 
more than 52 million tests and administered more than 12.9 million, predominantly Sinopharm, vaccine 
doses. A prolongation of the outbreak could significantly adversely affect economic growth, affect specific 
industries or countries with which the Government trades or affect the Government's employees and 
operations. For example, the aviation industry has been dramatically impacted by the crisis. As a result of 
the general decreased demand for air travel, Air Arabia, the only listed carrier in the UAE which uses

--- Page 26 ---
- 12 - 
 
 
Sharjah International Airport as its base, has operated a more limited number of services since grounding 
passenger flights in March 2020 and it is unclear when normal operations will resume in full. Therefore, 
the disruptions caused by the pandemic may affect operations in certain industries and cause corporations 
within these sectors to incur additional costs or prevent them from carrying out their core activities and 
initiatives. In addition, an escalation in geopolitical tensions and increased use of protectionist measures in 
response to COVID-19 may negatively impact the attractiveness of the UAE (and, consequently, the 
Emirate of Sharjah) for foreign investment and capital, its ability to engage in international trade and, 
consequently, its economy and its financial condition. 
The COVID-19 pandemic is ongoing, and its dynamic nature, including uncertainties relating to the 
ultimate spread of the virus, the severity of the disease, the duration of the pandemic and the related 
weakening of economic conditions, makes it difficult to predict or estimate reliably the degree of ongoing 
risk posed by the virus. Therefore, in spite of the various economic measures implemented by the 
Government and its efforts to prevent and impede the spread of the virus, the measures put in place may 
not have the desired effect. 
A material adverse effect on Sharjah's economy or its financial condition as a result of the ongoing COVID-
19 pandemic could negatively affect the Government's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Transaction 
Documents. 
Global financial conditions and protectionist policies may have an impact on Sharjah's economic and 
financial condition 
Sharjah's economy may be adversely affected by tightening global economic conditions and external 
shocks, including financial market volatility, trade disruptions and protectionist trade policies or threats 
thereof. The Government of Sharjah has made efforts in recent years to stimulate its private sector-driven 
economy by increasing volumes of foreign investment and tourism and has focused on creating a favourable 
business environment, with a legal and regulatory environment conducive to business success and aimed at 
attracting foreign and domestic investment. In 2009, Shurooq, the Sharjah Investment and Development 
Authority was established by Emiri Decree to support the economic development of Sharjah and, amongst 
other things, attract foreign direct investment opportunities into the Emirate. While the Government 
believes there are many incentives for foreign corporate entities to establish themselves in one of the free 
zones in Sharjah, such as 100 per cent. foreign ownership, a tax free environment, free transfer of funds, 
competitive pricing, a one stop shop for business services and long-lease periods, there is no assurance that 
these will be sufficient to attract foreign direct investment or that other countries may not offer more 
attractive incentives. Sharjah's economy is also dependent, to a large extent, on expatriate labour. This 
makes Sharjah potentially more vulnerable should there be a deterioration in local political stability for any 
reason, if it were to lead the Government to tighten controls on the flow of labour or capital. These changes 
could in turn make Sharjah a less attractive destination for businesses and individuals. There can be no 
assurance that the economic performance of Sharjah or the UAE can or will be sustained in the future. To 
the extent that economic growth or performance in the UAE slows or begins to decline, this could have an 
adverse effect on Sharjah (see "The Economy of Sharjah" for further information), which in turn could 
negatively affect the Government's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Transaction Documents. 
Sharjah has strong trading relationships with other Emirates within the UAE and other countries, being part 
of the global supply chain and a consumer of goods from around the world. Any sustained market and 
economic downturn or geopolitical uncertainties in any of Sharjah's key trading partners may materially 
impact Sharjah's trade with those countries and could have a negative impact on Sharjah's foreign trade and 
balance of payments. A global shift in policies, including towards protectionism, with lower global growth 
due to reduced trade, migration and cross-border investment flows, could affect investor sentiment and slow 
tourism, trade and investment in Sharjah. Any escalation in geopolitical tensions and/or increased use of 
protectionist measures may negatively impact Sharjah's relationships with its trading partners and the 
attractiveness of the UAE (and, consequently, Sharjah) for foreign investment and capital, its ability to 
engage in international trade and, consequently, its economy and its financial condition. A material adverse 
effect on Sharjah's economy or its financial condition as a result of the above factors could negatively affect 
the Government's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Transaction Documents. 
The Government has a relatively narrow revenue base 
The Government has a diverse but relatively narrow revenue base. For the year ended 31 December 2020, 
Sharjah recorded total revenues of AED 8.7 billion, a decrease of 24.3 per cent. compared with total

--- Page 27 ---
- 13 - 
 
 
revenues of AED 11.5 billion in 2019, set against a GDP of AED 112.6 billion in 2020 and AED 125.1 
billion in 2019.  
With the exception of a levy on the profits of foreign banks and hydrocarbon extraction, there is no 
traditional direct tax in the Emirate of Sharjah, although the Federal Government of the UAE (the "Federal 
Government") introduced a national value added tax at the rate of 5 per cent. with effect from 1 January 
2018 and an excise duty on certain goods in October 2017, and could in principle also introduce corporation 
or other taxes in the future. Value added tax generated AED 2.8 billion cash inflows for the Government of 
Sharjah in 2019 (including some receipts from 2018 handed over in 2019) and AED 1.4 billion in 2020 and 
is budgeted to generate AED 1.2 billion in 2021. Whilst this overall beneficial tax environment provides an 
incentive for businesses and wage earners to relocate to Sharjah, it potentially limits the Government's 
ability to increase public spending if necessary, which may adversely affect Sharjah's growth and revenue 
generation strategy and impact the Government's ability to satisfy its obligations under the Transaction 
Documents and may also adversely affect the ability of Sharjah to take further economic stimulus measures 
and counter the effects of economic downturn, including that caused by the COVID-19 outbreak, as further 
discussed above. 
The Government's direct debt has increased substantially in recent years and it may in the future elect 
to provide financial support to Government-owned or important local companies which could increase 
Sharjah's budget deficit and its funding needs 
In recent years the Government has experienced a rapid increase in net debt and as a percentage of its GDP, 
increasing from AED 22,214 million in 2018 (17.9 per cent. of its 2018 GDP) to AED 30,908 million in 
2019 and reaching AED 39,273 million in 2020 (34.9 per cent. of its 2020 GDP). The Government has in 
the past provided significant financial support to important local companies. For example, in 2019 there 
was a transfer of government-guaranteed debt from a real estate developer to the Government's balance 
sheet which contributed to an increase in the Government's debt burden. Also, in December 2018, the 
Government offered to support the capital requirements of Invest Bank P.S.C. ("Invest Bank") with an 
injection of AED 1,115 million in exchange for a 50.07 per cent. stake in the bank. The proposal included 
a commitment to underwrite a subsequent rights issue by Invest Bank with up to AED 785 million, should 
the bank require further capital. The proposal was subsequently accepted by all parties and the initial 
injection was made in April 2019, giving the Government of Sharjah a 50.07 stake in Invest Bank. The 
second funding injection had not been completed as at the date of this Base Prospectus, but the Government 
remains committed to completing the second round of funding, if required. 
Although the Government has no legal obligation to do so, it may, in the future, choose to provide additional 
financial support to other government-owned or important local companies if they were faced with 
difficulties that threatened the reputation or economic health of Sharjah. Any such support could be 
significant in the context of Sharjah's budget deficit, which has increased since 2018, increase its funding 
needs and costs of borrowing and entail substantial fiscal outflows, which in turn could negatively affect 
the Government's ability to fulful its obligations under the Transaction Documents. 
Although the UAE and Sharjah enjoy domestic political stability and generally good international 
relations, there is no guarantee that the UAE or Sharjah will continue to do so in the future and there is 
a risk that regional geopolitical instability could impact the UAE and, consequently, Sharjah. 
While the UAE (and consequently Sharjah) is seen as a relatively stable political environment, certain other 
jurisdictions in the Middle East are not, and there is a risk that regional geopolitical instability could impact 
the UAE. Instability in the Middle East may result from a number of factors, including government or 
military regime change, civil unrest or terrorism. In particular, since early 2011 there has been political 
unrest in a range of countries in the Middle East and North Africa ("MENA") region, including Egypt, 
Algeria, Jordan, Libya, Bahrain, Saudi Arabia, Yemen, Iraq and Kurdistan, Syria, Palestine, Turkey, 
Tunisia and Oman. 
This unrest has ranged from public demonstrations to, in extreme cases, armed conflict and civil war and 
has given rise to a number of regime changes and increased political uncertainty across the region (including 
the multinational conflict with the so-called Islamic State (also known as Daesh, ISIS or ISIL)) and the 
overthrow of existing leadership and has given rise to increased political uncertainty across the region. 
Further, the UAE, along with other Arab states, participated in the Saudi-led intervention in Yemen which 
began in 2015 in response to requests for assistance from the Yemeni government and the UAE's 
participation in this intervention is still ongoing. Although the UAE has begun to scale back its involvement

--- Page 28 ---
- 14 - 
 
 
in the military intervention in Yemen, there is no guarantee that the UAE will not increase its participation 
in the future. In addition, in June 2017 the UAE, along with Saudi Arabia, Bahrain and Egypt, ended 
diplomatic ties with Qatar (see "Description of the Emirate of Sharjah — Relationship between the UAE 
Constitution and Sharjah — International Relations"). Yemen, Jordan, Libya, Comoros, Senegal and 
Mauritania also joined the Saudi-led action shortly thereafter and several other countries including Chad, 
Djibouti, Maldives and Niger announced that they had downgraded their diplomatic ties with Qatar. The 
severing of diplomatic ties included the withdrawal of ambassadors, as well as the imposition of travel and 
trade restrictions, and there can be no assurance that diplomatic ties will be reinstated or that the current 
situation will not escalate. Additionally, other countries' sanctions may affect Sharjah's ability or 
willingness to trade. For example, the United States and the European Union's sanctions have affected 
Sharjah's trading relationship with Iran. Existing tensions in the Gulf region increased following the seizure 
by Iran of a British tanker in July 2019 and there can be no assurance that a similar incident will not occur 
elsewhere in the Gulf region. Furthermore, in June 2020, it was reported by the United Nations Secretary 
General to a meeting of the United Nations Security Council that cruise missiles used in several attacks on 
oil facilities and an international airport in Saudi Arabia in 2019, were of Iranian origin. Any continuation 
or increase in international or regional tensions regarding Iran, including further attacks on or seizures of 
oil tankers which disrupt international trade, including any impairment of trade flow through the Strait of 
Hormuz, or any military conflict could have a destabilising impact on the Gulf region, including with 
respect to the UAE and its ability to export oil and its security. 
These situations have caused varying levels of disruption to the economies of affected countries and may 
have had a destabilising effect on international oil and gas prices. Though the effects of the uncertainty 
have been varied, it is not possible to predict the occurrence of events or circumstances such as war or 
hostilities, the cessation of diplomatic ties, or the impact of such occurrences, and no assurance can be given 
that the UAE would be able to sustain its current economic growth levels if adverse political events or 
circumstances were to occur. Continued instability affecting the countries in the MENA region could 
adversely impact the UAE and, consequently, Sharjah, although to date there has been no significant impact 
on the UAE or Sharjah. 
Sharjah, similar to the other emirates, is also dependent on expatriate labour (ranging from unskilled 
labourers to highly skilled professionals in a range of industry sectors) and has made significant efforts in 
recent years to attract high volumes of foreign businesses and tourists to the emirate. These steps make it 
potentially more vulnerable should regional instability increase or foreign militants commence operations 
in the emirate. There can also be no assurance of the continued availability of expatriate labour with 
appropriate skills. 
Any of the foregoing circumstances could have a material adverse effect on the political and economic 
stability of the Middle East and, in particular, could impact the numbers of tourists that choose to visit the 
UAE and Sharjah and the number of businesses interested in doing business in the UAE and Sharjah. 
Sharjah is, and will continue to be, affected by economic and political developments in or affecting the 
UAE and the wider MENA region and investors' reactions to developments in any country in the MENA 
region may affect securities of issuers in other markets, including the UAE. Although the UAE has not 
experienced significant terrorist attacks such as those experienced by a number of countries in the MENA 
region, there can be no assurance that extremists or terrorist groups will not initiate violent activity in the 
UAE. Any terrorist incidents, including cyber-terrorism, in or affecting the UAE and increased regional 
geopolitical instability (whether or not directly involving the UAE) may have a material adverse effect on 
the UAE's (and, consequently, Sharjah's) attractiveness for foreign investment and capital, its ability to 
engage in international trade and, consequently, its economy and financial condition. A material adverse 
effect on Sharjah's economy or its financial condition as a result of the above factors could negatively affect 
the Government's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Transaction Documents. 
The UAE's economy is significantly affected by volatility in international oil prices and its economy has 
in the past been, and is likely in the future to continue to be, adversely affected by lengthy periods of low 
oil prices 
Sharjah is not a large oil producer (with the mining and quarrying sector, which includes crude oil and 
natural gas, accounting for 3.3 per cent. of Sharjah's nominal gross domestic product ("GDP") in 2020) and 
it enjoys a relatively diverse economy. However, Sharjah's economy is highly integrated with the other 
Emirates in the UAE through trade, currency, a common banking system and fully open markets. Therefore, 
any effect of oil price volatility may have a consequent effect on Sharjah. The UAE's economy, in particular 
Abu Dhabi and to a lesser extent Dubai, is significantly impacted by international oil prices. The 
hydrocarbon sector accounted for 25.0 per cent. of the UAE's nominal GDP in 2019 compared to 26.0 per

--- Page 29 ---
- 15 - 
 
 
cent. in 2018 and 20.5 per cent. in 2017. The UAE's economy has in the past been adversely affected by 
periods of low international oil prices, most recently in the period from mid-2014 to early 2016. 
According to the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries ("OPEC") data, as at 31 December 
2018, the UAE had 8.2 per cent. of OPEC reserves. According to preliminary data produced by the FCSA 
and the UAE Central Bank, the mining and quarrying sector, which includes crude oil and natural gas, 
accounted for 25.0 per cent. of the UAE's nominal GDP in 2019. 
The price of the OPEC Reference Basket has fluctuated significantly in recent years; since June 2014, 
international crude oil prices fell from a high monthly average OPEC Reference Basket price per barrel of 
U.S.$108 in June 2014 to a monthly average price of U.S.$26.50 in January 2016, subsequently recovering 
U.S.$65.09 in January 2020. More recently, in response to the decreasing demand for oil as a result of the 
spread of COVID-19, OPEC officials proposed a plan to the OPEC countries and other non-OPEC 
countries, including Russia, to reduce global production by 1.5 per cent. However, the parties were unable 
to reach agreement and the three-year partnership between OPEC and major non-OPEC providers was 
terminated as a result. On 7 March 2020, Saudi Arabia announced that it would raise oil output and discount 
its oil in April 2020. As a result of the above factors, the OPEC Reference Basket prices fell significantly 
from U.S.$48.35 on 6 March 2020 to U.S.$34.72 on 9 March 2020, a decrease of 28.2 per cent. On 30 
March 2020, the OPEC Reference Basket price had fallen further to U.S.$ $20.09, an 18-year low and as 
at 30 June 2020, the OPEC Reference Basket price had risen to U.S.$38.22. On 9 February 2021, the OPEC 
reference basket rose to U.S.$60.28, rising above the U.S.$60.00 threshold for the first time since the start 
of the COVID-19 pandemic and as at 15 February 2021, the OPEC reference Basket price had risen to 
U.S.$62.60. 
A series of meetings took place on 9 and 12 April 2020 between OPEC and non-OPEC oil producing 
countries participating in the Declaration of Cooperation, which culminated in an agreement to reduce their 
overall oil production in stages between 1 May 2020 and 30 April 2022. During the initial two-month period 
beginning 1 May 2020, OPEC and non-OPEC oil producing countries committed to reduce production by 
a total of 9.70 million barrels a day, followed by a six month period starting 1 July 2020 during which the 
countries committed to reducing production by a total of 7.68 million barrels a day followed by a subsequent 
16 month period between 1 January 2021 and 30 April 2022 during which the countries committed to 
reducing production by a total of 5.76 million barrels a day. On 3 December 2020, a subsequent meeting 
took place between the OPEC and non-OPEC oil producing countries participating in the Declaration of 
Cooperation. In light of current oil market fundamentals and the outlook for 2021, it was agreed that 
beginning in January 2021, participating countries would voluntarily reduce production by 0.5 million 
barrels a day from approximately 7.7 million barrels a day to 7.2 million barrels a day. Furthermore, 
participating countries agreed to hold monthly OPEC and non-OPEC ministerial meetings starting in 
January 2021, to assess market conditions and decide on further production adjustments for the following 
months, with further monthly adjustments being no more than 0.5 million barrels a day. However, there 
can be no assurance that the agreement will continue to be implemented by all relevant parties or achieve 
its stated goals or what effect the agreement will have on oil prices in the short to medium term 
Prospective investors should be aware that the above analysis does not take into account the indirect impact 
of low oil prices on the UAE's economy, which is difficult to quantify with any precision. Potential investors 
should note that many of the UAE's other economic sectors are in part dependent on the hydrocarbon sector. 
For example, the financial institutions sector (and banks in particular) may experience lower liquidity (if 
significant government and government-owned company deposits are withdrawn to fund deficits) or higher 
loan losses or impairments. The Federal Government may also decide, as it has done in the past, to further 
reduce Government expenditures in light of the budgetary pressures caused by low or falling oil prices. As 
fiscal spending on infrastructure and investment projects drives credit to public sector entities and private 
contractors and bank credit for personal lending is driven by public sector wages, if this spending is cut and 
public sector wages come under pressure, this could, potentially, increase levels of non-performing loans 
("NPLs") held by banks. In addition, large Government fiscal deficits, which are likely to result in lower 
Government spending, could also impact many other sectors of the economy, including in particular the 
construction sector to the extent that large projects are delayed or cancelled. Furthermore, sectors that are 
dependent on household consumption, including education, healthcare and housing, may be adversely 
affected by lower levels of economic activity that may result from lower Government revenue from 
hydrocarbon production. 
Crude oil prices have historically been volatile and are affected by a range of factors beyond the Issuer's 
control, including:

--- Page 30 ---
- 16 - 
 
 
• 
global economic and political conditions as well as economic and political developments in oil 
producing regions, particularly in the Middle East; 
• 
global and regional supply and demand, and expectations regarding future supply and demand, for 
hydrocarbon products, including the prices and availability of alternative fuels or new technologies 
using different fuels (and those motivated by climate change concerns); 
• 
the ability of members of OPEC and other crude oil producing nations to agree upon and maintain 
specified global production levels and prices; 
• 
the impact of international environmental regulations designed to reduce carbon emissions; 
• 
other actions taken by major crude hydrocarbon producing or consuming countries; and 
• 
global weather and environmental conditions. 
There can be no assurance that these factors, whether individually or in combination with others, will not 
result in a prolonged or further decline in oil prices. Such oil price volatility has the potential to adversely 
affect Sharjah's economy and public finances in the future, both directly, through hydrocarbon revenues, 
and indirectly, through the reduced spending power of governments, companies and individuals in the 
region, which could, in turn, affect the trade, construction, real estate, tourism and banking sectors, in 
particular. As a result, there can be no assurance that the UAE's economy, or Sharjah's economy will not 
be materially adversely affected in the future by lengthy periods of low oil prices. A material adverse effect 
on Sharjah's economy or its financial condition as a result of lengthy periods of low oil prices could 
negatively affect the Government's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Transaction Documents issued 
under the Programme. 
Sharjah's economy may be adversely affected by limitations in its control over monetary policy 
Sharjah shares legal, political, military and economic functions with the other emirates of the UAE as a 
result of the federal framework. Its economy is highly integrated with the other Emirates in the UAE 
through trade, currency, a common banking system and fully open markets.  
For example, the Government is not responsible for monetary policy, which is the responsibility of the 
Federal Government. However, the Trust Certificates issued are not guaranteed by the Federal Government 
of the UAE.  Limited monetary policy control prevents the Government from responding to macroeconomic 
conditions, which may affect Government spending and liquidity within Sharjah; changing macroeconomic 
conditions are likely to affect Sharjah's economy indirectly through their impact on the trade, construction, 
real estate and banking sectors, given, in particular, the openness of Sharjah's economy, which does not 
have any capital or exchange controls. The inability of the Government to respond or react to such 
conditions through monetary policy may have a long-term negative impact on its economy as a whole, 
which, in turn, could negatively affect the Government's ability to fulfil its obligations under the 
Tranasaction Documents.  
Sharjah's budget is prepared on a near-cash basis, which means that Sharjah's stated deficit may not be 
fully reflective of all of the expenditure and revenue which would be recognised by the Government in a 
particular period if international financial reporting standards were applied 
Similar to many governments, the Government prepares its budget on a near-cash basis. This means that 
flows are largely recorded when cash is received or disbursed, with some minor timing differences (e.g. 
cheque payments). Although non-monetary flows can be recorded, most accounting systems (including that 
used in Sharjah) using a near-cash basis do not record non-monetary flows because the focus is on liquidity 
management rather than resource flows. In addition, with respect to accounting for revenues and 
expenditure, the time of recording may diverge significantly from the time of the economic activities and 
transactions to which they relate. For example, the time cost of a zero-coupon bond, a proxy for interest, 
would not be recorded until the bond matured, which could be many years after the expense was incurred; 
and the cost of building or buying an asset would be recorded upfront, rather than through the depreciation 
of that asset over time. Accordingly, the Government's stated budget may deviate significantly from an 
accrual-based system of financial reporting, such as International Financial Reporting Standards, and may 
comparatively under- or over-state the incurrence of future liabilities, which, in turn, could in some

--- Page 31 ---
- 17 - 
 
 
scenarios, negatively affect the Government's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Transaction 
Documents. 
Statistical information provided in respect of a certain year may be changed retrospectively in subsequent 
years when more recent statistical information is published 
The statistical information in this Base Prospectus in relation to GDP, balance of payments, revenues and 
expenditure and indebtedness of the Government have been derived from a number of different identified 
sources, such as the Federal Government's official statistical authority, the FCSA; Sharjah's official 
statistical authority, Department of Statistics and Community Development ("DSCD"); and the published 
reports of the UAE Central Bank. Furthermore, certain information (for example information relating to 
the balance of payments and information under the heading "Monetary and Financial System") is only 
available for the UAE as a whole from institutions of the Federal Government, and potential investors 
should note that Sharjah's position may differ in material respects from the position at an overall UAE level. 
All statistical information provided in this Base Prospectus may differ from that produced by other sources 
for a variety of reasons, including the use of different definitions and cut-off times and differing underlying 
assumptions and methodologies (see "Presentation of Statistical Information"). In addition, standards of 
accuracy of statistical data may vary from authority to authority or from period to period due to the 
application of these different methodologies. Therefore, there can be no assurance that the statistical data 
appearing in this Base Prospectus is as accurate or as reliable as those published by other countries. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, investors should be aware that certain data relating to Sharjah (for 
example, detailed foreign trade statistical data) is not available. Furthermore, some of the data included in 
this Base Prospectus is preliminary and may not be finalised by year-end. Additionally, DSCD has recently 
become the official statistical authority responsible for producing GDP data for Sharjah (which is subject 
to review and approval by FCSA prior to release) and has so far reported comprehensive data for only 2017 
and 2018, and estimated data for 2019 and 2020. DSCD is currently working to complete the final 2019 
GDP data and to complete the retrospective data series for the years 2010 to 2016. The new data series 
differs from GDP data previously reported in respect of Sharjah by the FCSA. While public finance data is 
consistent with the data from the Government's financial management system, this data is not subject to an 
external auditor's opinion. 
Data on non-trade flows into and out of Sharjah is not available and the data on non-trade flows into and 
out of the UAE as set out in this Base Prospectus under "Balance of Payments and Foreign Trade" is not 
complete and is subject to revision, reflecting, in part, weaknesses of the central statistical bodies, and in 
part, the operation of many free zones within the UAE. No data is released by the UAE or Sharjah on 
external debt, and, accordingly, only IMF estimates of the UAE's external debt are available and set out in 
this Base Prospectus. 
In the IMF's consultations for 2013 to 2016, the IMF acknowledged that the UAE had made progress in 
improving the quality of its statistical data and that its data provision was broadly adequate for surveillance, 
but stated that some data gaps remain. In June 2018, the UAE launched a National Summary Data Page, 
becoming the first GCC country to implement the recommendations of the IMF's Enhanced General Data 
Dissemination System. In the IMF's 2018 Article IV report published in 2019, the IMF commended this 
implementation and other steps to improve economic statistics, while emphasising the need for further 
progress, including improving labour, fiscal, national accounts, and international investment position 
statistics, to facilitate decision-making and enhance transparency. Therefore, these weaknesses may 
continue to impact the statistical data included in this Base Prospectus and the information for past periods 
should not be viewed as indicative of current circumstances, future periods or periods not presented. 
Accordingly, financial and economic information may differ from previously published figures, or figures 
published in the future, and may be subsequently adjusted or revised. No assurance can be given that 
material changes will not be made which, in turn, could negatively affect the market value of an investment 
in the relevant Trust Certificates. 
The Government may be adversely affected by monetary policy inflexibility, or if the UAE 
Dirham/U.S. Dollar peg were to be removed or adjusted 
The functional and reporting currency of the Government is the UAE Dirham. The UAE Dirham has been 
"pegged" at a fixed exchange rate to the U.S. Dollar since 22 November 1980. The current midpoint 
between the official buying and selling rates for the UAE Dirham is at a fixed rate of AED 3.6725 = 
U.S.$1.00. The maintenance of this peg is a firm policy of the UAE Central Bank. The Federal Government

--- Page 32 ---
- 18 - 
 
 
and the UAE Central Bank have publicly stated that there is no current intention to reassess the Dollar 
"peg". However, there can be no assurance that UAE policy, in respect of the UAE Dirham/U.S. Dollar 
"peg", will remain unchanged in the future. If the UAE Central Bank cannot maintain a stable exchange 
rate or the peg to the U.S. dollar, this may reduce confidence in the UAE's economy, reduce foreign direct 
investment and adversely affect the UAE's finances and economy, as well as those of the individual emirates 
within the UAE, including Sharjah. 
In addition, the UAE Central Bank and the Government do not have any flexibility to devalue the Dirham 
to stimulate Sharjah's exports market, and the UAE Central Bank's ability to independently manage interest 
rates is constrained. For example, if the U.S. Federal Reserve were to further increase interest rates, and the 
UAE Central Bank were to delay significantly in increasing its own rates, this could result in significant 
pressure on the currency "peg". Furthermore, because the UAE's currency is pegged at a fixed rate to the 
U.S. dollar, any significant appreciation in value of the U.S. dollar, whether driven by increasing U.S. 
interest rates or other factors, could result in the UAE's non-hydrocarbon exports becoming less 
competitive. 
The Government is also exposed to the potential impact of any abolition of this foreign exchange "peg". 
Any such "depegging", particularly if the UAE Dirham weakened against the U.S. Dollar, could have an 
adverse effect on Sharjah's financial condition and prospect, which, in turn, could negatively affect 
Government's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Transaction Documents. 
Investing in securities involving emerging markets such as Sharjah generally involves a high degree of 
risk 
Investing in securities involving emerging markets, such as Sharjah, generally involves a higher degree of 
risk than investments in securities of issuers from more developed countries. In the case of Sharjah, these 
higher risks include those discussed elsewhere in this section. Generally, investments in emerging markets 
are only suitable for sophisticated investors who fully appreciate and are familiar with the significance of 
the risks involved in investing in emerging markets. International investors' reactions to events occurring 
in one emerging market country or region sometimes appear to demonstrate a "contagion" effect in which 
an entire region or class of investment is disfavoured by such investors. If such a "contagion" effect were 
to occur, the trading price of Trust Certificates issued under the programme could be adversely affected by 
negative economic or financial developments in other emerging market countries over which the 
Government has no control. In addition, the economies of emerging markets are more susceptible to 
influence by macroeconomic and central bank policy decisions of developed countries than other sovereign 
issuers. In particular, emerging market economies have in the past demonstrated sensitivity to periods of 
economic growth and interest rate movements of developed economies. No assurance can be given that this 
will not be the case in the future. As a consequence, an investment in Trust Certificates issued under the 
Programme carries risks that are not typically associated with investing in Trust Certificates issued by 
governments in more mature markets. Investors should also note that emerging markets such as Sharjah are 
subject to rapid change and that the information set forth in this Base Prospectus may become outdated 
relatively quickly. Accordingly, prospective investors should exercise particular care in evaluating the risks 
involved and must decide for themselves whether in light of those risks their investment is appropriate. 
Risk factors relating to the Trust Certificates 
Limitations relating to the indemnity provisions under the Purchase Undertaking and the Master 
Declaration of Trust 
The Government has undertaken in the Purchase Undertaking and the Master Declaration of Trust that (i) 
if, at the time of delivery of the exercise notice in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase 
Undertaking, the Government (acting in any capacity) remains in actual or constructive possession, custody 
or control of all or any part of the Lease Assets; and (ii) if, following delivery of the exercise notice in 
accordance with the provisions of the Purchase Undertaking, the relevant Exercise Price, Certificateholder 
Put Right Exercise Price or Tangibility Event Put Right Exercise Price, as the case may be, is not paid in 
accordance with the provisions of the Purchase Undertaking for any reason whatsoever, the Government 
shall (as an independent, severable and separately enforceable obligation) fully indemnify the Trustee for 
the purpose of redemption in full of the Trust Certificates then outstanding or the Certificateholder Put 
Right Trust Certificates or the Tangibility Event Certificateholder Put Right Trust Certificates (each as 
defined in the Purchase Undertaking), as the case may be, and, accordingly, the amount payable under any 
such indemnity claim will equal the Exercise Price, the Certificateholder Put Right Exercise Price or the 
Tangibility Event Certificateholder Put Right Exercise Price, as the case may be.

--- Page 33 ---
- 19 - 
 
 
Subject to the satisfaction of the conditions in (i) and (ii) as described above, if the Government fails to pay 
the Exercise Price in accordance with the Purchase Undertaking, the Delegate (on behalf of the 
Certificateholders) may, subject to the matters set out in Condition 14 (Dissolution Events) and the terms 
of the Master Declaration of Trust, seek to enforce, inter alia, the provisions of the Purchase Undertaking 
and the Master Declaration of Trust against the Government by commencing legal or arbitral proceedings.  
However, investors should note that, in the event that the Government (acting in any capacity) does not 
have actual or constructive possession, custody or control of all or any part of the Lease Assets at the time 
of delivery of the exercise notice in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase Undertaking, the 
condition in (i) as described above will not be satisfied and, therefore, no amounts will be payable by the 
Government under the separate indemnity provisions. For the avoidance of doubt, no investigation has been 
or will be made by the Trustee, the Arrangers, the Dealers or the Delegate as to whether the Government 
has or will continue to have actual or constructive possession, custody or control of any Lease Assets. 
Accordingly, in such event, the Delegate (on behalf of the Certificateholders) may be required to establish 
that there has been a breach of contract by the Government and prove for damages. Such breach of contract 
may be due to (i) a breach by the Government of the requirement to purchase the Trustee's rights, title, 
interests, benefits and entitlements in, to and under the Lease Assets on the relevant Dissolution Date 
pursuant to the provisions of the Purchase Undertaking; and/or (ii) a breach by the Government (acting in 
its capacity as Lessee pursuant to the provisions of the Master Lease Agreement) of its undertaking to 
maintain actual or constructive possession, custody or control of all of the Lease Assets. 
As a result, the Delegate (on behalf of the Certificateholders) may not be able to recover, or may face 
significant challenges in recovering, an amount equal to the Exercise Price, and in turn, the amount payable 
to the Certificateholders upon redemption. 
The Trust Certificates are limited recourse obligations 
The Trust Certificates are not debt obligations of the Trustee. Instead, the Trust Certificates represent an 
undivided ownership interest solely in the Trust Assets. Recourse to the Trustee in respect of the Trust 
Certificates is limited to the Trust Assets and the proceeds of such Trust Assets are the sole source of 
payments on the Trust Certificates. Upon the occurrence of a Dissolution Event, the sole rights of each of 
the Delegate and, through the Delegate, the Certificateholders, will be against the Government to perform 
its obligations under the Transaction Documents to which it is a part. Certificateholders will have no 
recourse to any assets of the Trustee or the Government in respect of any shortfall in the expected amounts 
due under the Trust Assets. The Government is obliged to make certain payments under the Transaction 
Documents to which it is a party directly to the Trustee, and the Delegate will have direct recourse against 
the Government to recover such payments due to the Trustee pursuant to the Transaction Documents to 
which it is a party. In the absence of default by the Delegate, investors have no direct recourse to the 
Government and there is no assurance that the net proceeds of any enforcement action with respect to the 
Trust Assets (which, as described above, will be by way of enforcing each of the Government's and the 
Trustee's respective obligations under the Transaction Documents to which they are a party) will be 
sufficient to make all payments due in respect of the Trust Certificates. After enforcing the rights in respect 
of the Trust Assets (in the manner described above) and distributing the net proceeds of such Trust Assets 
in accordance with Condition 5.2 (Application of Proceeds from the Trust Assets)), the obligations of the 
Trustee in respect of the Trust Certificates shall be satisfied and neither the Delegate nor any 
Certificateholder may take any further steps against the Trustee to recover any further sums in respect of 
the Trust Certificates and the right to receive any such sums unpaid shall be extinguished. Furthermore, 
under no circumstances shall the Trustee, the Delegate or any Certificateholder have any right to cause the 
sale or other disposition of any of the Trust Assets except pursuant to the Transaction Documents. The sole 
right of the Trustee, the Delegate and the Certificateholders against the Government shall be to enforce the 
obligation of the Government under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party. 
The Conditions contain a "collective action" clause under which the terms of any one Series of Trust 
Certificates or multiple Series of Trust Certificates may be amended, modified or waived without the 
consent of all Certificateholders 
The Conditions contain provisions regarding amendments, modifications and waivers, commonly referred 
to as "collective action clauses". Such clauses permit defined majorities to bind all Certificateholders, 
including Certificateholders who did not vote and Certificateholders who voted in a manner contrary to the 
majority. The relevant provisions also permit, in relation to Reserved Matters, multiple Series of Trust

--- Page 34 ---
- 20 - 
 
 
Certificates to be aggregated for voting purposes (provided that each such Series also contains the same 
or similar collective action clauses in the relevant Conditions). 
The Trustee expects that all Series of Trust Certificates issued under the Programme will include such 
collective action clauses, thereby giving the Trustee the ability to request modifications or actions in respect 
of Reserved Matters across multiple Series of Trust Certificates. This means that a defined majority of the 
holders of such Series of Trust Certificates (when taken in the aggregate only, in some circumstances, 
and/or individually) would be able to bind all holders of Trust Certificates in all the relevant aggregated 
Series. 
Any modification or actions relating to Reserved Matters, including in respect of payments and other 
important terms, may be made to a single Series of Trust Certificates with the consent of the holders of 75 
per cent. of the aggregate face amount outstanding of such Series of Trust Certificates, and to multiple 
Series of Trust Certificates which may be issued by the Trustee with the consent of both: (i) the holders of 
66 2/3 per cent. of the aggregate face amount outstanding of all Series of Trust Certificates being 
aggregated; and (ii) the holders of 50 per cent. in aggregate face amount outstanding of each Series of Trust 
Certificates being aggregated. In addition, under certain circumstances, including the satisfaction of the 
Uniformly Applicable condition (as more particularly described in the Conditions), any such modification 
or action relating to Reserved Matters may be made to multiple Series of Trust Certificates with only the 
consent of 75 per cent. of the aggregate face amount outstanding of all Series of Trust Certificates being 
aggregated, without requiring a particular percentage of the holders in any individual affected Series of 
Trust Certificates to vote in favour of any proposed modification or action. Any modification or action 
proposed by the Trustee or the Government (as the case may be) (with the agreement of the Delegate) may, 
at the option of the Trustee or the Government (as the case may be), be made in respect of some Series of 
Trust Certificates only and, for the avoidance of doubt, the provisions may be used for different groups of 
two or more Series of Trust Certificates simultaneously. At the time of any proposed modification or action, 
the Trustee or the Government (as the case may be) will be obliged, inter alia, to specify which method or 
methods of aggregation will be used by the Trustee or the Government (as the case may be). 
There is a risk, therefore, that the Conditions of a Series of Trust Certificates may be amended, modified 
or waived in circumstances whereby the Certificateholders voting in favour of an amendment, modification 
or waiver may be holders of different Series of Trust Certificates and as such, less – even significantly less 
– than 75 per cent. of the Certificateholders would have voted in favour of such amendment, modification 
or waiver. 
In addition, there is a risk that the provisions allowing for aggregation across multiple Series of Certificates 
may make the Trust Certificates less attractive to purchasers in the secondary market on the occurrence of 
a Dissolution Event or in a distress situation. Further, any such amendment, modification or waiver in 
relation to any Trust Certificates may adversely affect their trading price. 
Consents to variation of the Conditions, the Trust Certificates and the Transaction Documents 
The Conditions, the Trust Certificates, the provisions of the Declaration of Trust or any other Transaction 
Document can only be amended by the Government and the Trustee with the prior written consent of the 
Delegate. The Delegate may agree, without the consent of the Certificateholders, to any modification of, or 
to the waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of, any of the Conditions, the Trust 
Certificates, the Declaration of Trust or any other Transaction Document or determine, without any such 
consent or sanction as aforesaid, that any Dissolution Event or Potential Dissolution Event shall not be 
treated as such, if, in the opinion of the Delegate: 
(a) 
such modification is of a formal, minor or technical nature; or 
(b) 
such modification is made to correct a manifest error; or 
(c) 
such modification, waiver, authorisation or determination is not, in the sole opinion of the Delegate, 
materially prejudicial to the interests of Certificateholders and is other than in respect of a Reserved 
Matter, 
provided that, in the case of (c) above, no such modification, waiver, authorisation or determination may 
be made in contravention of any express direction by Extraordinary Resolution or request in writing by the 
holders of at least 25 per cent. of the outstanding aggregate face amount of Trust Certificates.

--- Page 35 ---
- 21 - 
 
 
Any such modification, waiver, authorisation or determination may be made on such terms and subject to 
such conditions (if any) as the Delegate may determine, shall be binding upon the Certificateholders and 
shall as soon as practicable thereafter be notified by the Trustee to Certificateholders in accordance with 
Condition 17 (Notices). Further, any such modification, waiver, authorisation or determination in relation 
to any Trust Certificates may adversely affect their trading price. 
Credit ratings assigned to the Government or any Trust Certificates do not reflect all the risks associated 
with an investment in the Trust Certificates and may be subject to revision or withdrawal 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Government or the Trust 
Certificates issued under the Programme. The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related 
to the structure, market, additional factors discussed above and any other factors that may affect the value 
of the Trust Certificates. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be 
subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating organisation. The Trustee 
has no obligation to inform Certificateholders of any revision, downgrade or withdrawal of its current or 
future sovereign credit ratings. A suspension, downgrade or withdrawal at any time of a credit rating 
assigned to the Government and/or the Trust Certificates may adversely affect the trading price of the Trust 
Certificates. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit ratings 
for regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and 
registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject 
to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). Such general restriction may also apply in 
the case of credit ratings issued by non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are 
endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating agency or the relevant non-EEA third country rating agency is 
certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, has not 
been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). The 
list of registered and certified rating agencies published by ESMA on its website in accordance with the 
CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in such list, 
as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency 
and the publication of the updated ESMA list. Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies 
and ratings is set out on the cover of this Base Prospectus. 
Investors regulated in the United Kingdom are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. 
As such, United Kingdom regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued 
by a credit rating agency established in the United Kingdom and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. 
In the case of ratings issued by third country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can 
either be: (a) endorsed by a United Kingdom registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country 
credit rating agency that is certified in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in 
each case, to: (a) the relevant United Kingdom registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may 
be, not having been withdrawn or suspended; and (b) transitional provisions that apply in certain 
circumstances. In the case of third country ratings, for a certain limited period of time, transitional relief 
accommodates continued use for regulatory purposes in the United Kingdom, of existing pre-2021 ratings, 
provided the relevant conditions are satisfied. 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Trust Certificates changes, relevant regulated investors may no 
longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes in the EEA or the United Kingdom, as applicable, 
and the Trust Certificates may have a different regulatory treatment. This may result in relevant regulated 
investors selling the Trust Certificates which may impact the value of the Trust Certificates and any 
secondary market. 
On 11 February 2021, Moody's downgraded the long-term foreign and local currency issuer rating of 
Sharjah from Baa2 to Baa3 and changed the outlook from stable to negative. On 20 April 2021, S&P 
affirmed the long- and short-term foreign and local currency sovereign credit rating for Sharjah at BBB- 
and A-3 respectively with a stable outlook. The rating downgrade from Moody's reflects the fact that 
Sharjah's economy contracted in 2020 due to lower oil prices and the continued impact of the COVID-19 
pandemic, leading to a sharp deterioration in Sharjah's fiscal strength. The negative outlook captures the 
risk of a further rise in Sharjah's debt burden, impacting its capacity to respond to future shocks. There can 
be no assurance that Sharjah's credit ratings will not be subject to further downgrades or fall below 
investment-grade status in the future.

--- Page 36 ---
- 22 - 
 
 
Trust Certificates where denominations involve integral multiples: Definitive Trust Certificates 
In relation to any issue of Trust Certificates which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such 
Trust Certificates may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not 
integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case a holder who, as a result of 
trading such amounts, holds a face amount of less than the minimum Specified Denomination would need 
to purchase an additional amount of Trust Certificates such that it holds an amount equal to at least the 
minimum Specified Denomination to be able to trade such Trust Certificates. 
A holder who holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his or her 
account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not receive a definitive Trust Certificate 
in respect of such holding (should definitive Trust Certificates be printed or issued) and would need to 
purchase a face amount of Trust Certificates at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such 
that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination in order to be eligible to receive a definitive Trust 
Certificate. 
If definitive Trust Certificates are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Trust Certificates which 
have a denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be 
illiquid and difficult to trade. 
The Trust Certificates may be an ownership interest for the purposes of the Volcker Rule 
The Trustee may be a "covered fund" for the purposes of the Volcker Rule. Further, the Trust Certificates 
may constitute an "ownership interest" for the purposes of the Volcker Rule. As a result, the Volcker Rule 
may, subject to certain exemptions, prohibit certain banking institutions from, directly or indirectly, 
acquiring or retaining the Trust Certificates. This prohibition may adversely affect the liquidity and market 
price of the Trust Certificates. In addition, any entity that is a "banking entity" under the Volcker Rule and 
is considering an investment in the Trust Certificates should consider the potential impact of the Volcker 
Rule in respect of such investment and on its portfolio generally. 
The Trust Certificates may be subject to early dissolution by the Government 
An early dissolution feature of any Trust Certificate is likely to limit its market value. During any period 
when the Government may elect to dissolve Trust Certificates, the market value of those Trust Certificates 
generally will not rise substantially above the dissolution amount payable. This also may be true prior to 
any dissolution period. 
The Government may be expected to exercise an early redemption option when the Government's cost of 
financing is lower than the profit rate on the Trust Certificates. At those times, an investor generally would 
not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective profit rate as high as the profit rate on the 
Trust Certificates being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential 
investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
In addition, if the amount payable on the Trust Certificates is required to be increased to include additional 
amounts in certain circumstances and/or the Government is required to pay additional amounts pursuant to 
certain Transaction Documents, in each case as a result of certain changes affecting taxation in the Cayman 
Islands or the UAE (excluding the Emirate of Sharjah) or in each case any political subdivision or any 
authority thereof or therein having power to tax, the Trustee may redeem all but not some only of the Trust 
Certificates upon giving notice in accordance with the Conditions. 
There is no assurance that the Trust Certificates will be compliant with the principles of Islamic finance 
The Internal Sharia Supervisory Committee of Abu Dhabi Islamic Bank P.J.S.C., the Internal Sharia 
Supervisory Committee of Dubai Islamic Bank P.J.S.C., the Internal Shariah Supervision Committee of 
HSBC Bank Middle East Limited and the Global Shariah Supervisory Committee of Standard Chartered 
Bank have confirmed that the Transaction Documents are, in their view, compliant with the principles of 
Shari'a as applicable to, and interpreted by, them. However, there can be no assurance that the Transaction 
Documents or any issue and trading of any Trust Certificates will be deemed to be Shari'a compliant by 
any other Shari'a board or Shari'a scholars. None of the Trustee, the Government, the Delegate, the 
Arrangers, the Dealers or the Agents makes any representation to potential investors as to the Shari'a 
compliance of any Trust Certificates and/or any trading thereof, the Transaction Documents or the above

--- Page 37 ---
- 23 - 
 
 
pronouncements and potential investors are reminded that, as with any Shari'a views, differences in opinion 
are possible. In addition, none of the Delegate, the Arrangers, the Dealers or the Agents will have any 
responsibility for monitoring or ensuring compliance with any Shari’a principles of debt trading referred to 
in Conditions 10.4 or 10.6 nor shall it be liable to any Certificateholder or any other person in respect 
thereof. Potential investors should not rely on the above pronouncements in deciding whether to make an 
investment in the Trust Certificates and should obtain their own independent Shari'a advice as to the 
compliance of the Transaction Documents and whether the Trust Certificates will meet their individual 
standards of compliance and the issue and trading of the Trust Certificates with Shari'a principles, including 
the tradability of the Trust Certificates on any secondary market. Questions as to the Shari'a compliance of 
the Transaction Documents or the Shari'a permissibility of the issue and the trading of the Trust Certificates 
may limit the liquidity and adversely affect the market value of the Trust Certificates. 
In addition, prospective investors are reminded that the enforcement of any obligations of any of the parties 
under the Transaction Documents or the Trust Certificates shall be, if in dispute, be referred to, and finally 
resolved by, arbitration under the Arbitration Rules of the London Court of International Arbitration (the 
"LCIA"), in London, England or the English courts. In such circumstances, the arbitrator or court will apply 
the relevant law of the relevant Transaction Document and/or the Trust Certificates in determining the 
obligations of the parties. 
Shari'a requirements in relation to interest awarded by a court. 
In accordance with applicable Shari'a principles, each of the Trustee and the Delegate will waive all and 
any entitlement it may have to interest awarded in its favour by an arbitrator as a result of any arbitration 
and/or by a court in connection with any dispute under any of the Transaction Documents. Should there be 
any delay in the enforcement of a judgment or arbitral award given against the Government, judgment 
interest may accrue in respect of that delay and, as a result of the waiver referred to above, Certificateholders 
will not be entitled to receive any part of such interest. 
Risk factors relating to the Lease Assets 
The occurrence of a Partial Loss Event could result in the Trust Certificates of the relevant Series being 
redeemed early  
If a Partial Loss Event occurs with respect to the Lease Assets of a Series, the Lessee may, on the 30th day 
after the Partial Loss Event (and provided that the relevant Lease Assets have not already been replaced in 
accordance with the Servicing Agency Agreement), deliver to the Lessor a Partial Loss Termination Notice, 
pursuant to which the Lease shall terminate on the 61st day after the date of the Partial Loss Event. If the 
Lessee does not serve a termination notice on or before the 30th day after the Partial Loss Event but fails to 
replace the relevant Lease Assets on or before the 60th day after the date of the Partial Loss Event, the Lease 
shall automatically terminate on the 61st day after the Partial Loss Event occurred and such termination of 
the Lease in either of the circumstances set out in this paragraph shall constitute a Government Event, 
following which the Trust Certificates of the relevant Series may be redeemed in full in accordance with 
the Conditions. 
Risk factors relating to enforcement 
Investors may experience difficulties in enforcing arbitration awards and foreign judgments in the UAE 
The payments under the Trust Certificates are dependent upon the Government making payments to the 
Trustee in the manner contemplated under the Transaction Documents. If the Government fails to do so, it 
may be necessary to bring an action against the Government to enforce its obligations and/or to claim 
damages, as appropriate, which may be costly and time consuming. 
Furthermore, to the extent that the enforcement of remedies must be pursued in the UAE, it should be borne 
in mind that there is limited scope for self-help remedies under UAE law and that generally enforcement 
of remedies in the UAE must be pursued through the courts. 
Each of the Master Declaration of Trust, the Agency Agreement, the Servicing Agency Agreement, the 
Master Murabaha Agreement, the Purchase Undertaking, the Sale and Substitution Undertaking and the 
Trust Certificates are governed by English law (the "English Law Documents") and the Government has 
agreed, at the option of the Trustee or the Delegate, to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English

--- Page 38 ---
- 24 - 
 
 
courts in respect of any dispute, claim, difference or controversy arising out of or in connection with the 
English Law Documents. 
Under current UAE law, the UAE courts (including the courts of Sharjah) are unlikely to enforce an English 
court judgment without re-examining the merits of the claim and may not observe the choice by the parties 
of English law as the governing law of the transaction. In the UAE, foreign law is required to be established 
as a question of fact and the interpretation of English law, by a court in the UAE, may not accord with the 
interpretation by an English court. In principle, courts in the UAE recognise the choice of foreign law if 
they are satisfied that an appropriate connection exists between the relevant transaction agreement and the 
foreign law which has been chosen. They will not, however, honour any provision of foreign law which is 
contrary to public policy, order or morals in the UAE, or to any mandatory law of, or applicable in, the 
UAE. 
The UAE is a civil law jurisdiction and judicial precedents in Sharjah have no binding effect on subsequent 
decisions. In addition, there is no formal system of reporting court decisions in Sharjah. These factors create 
greater judicial uncertainty than would be expected in other jurisdictions. 
The Government has agreed, unless the option to litigate is exercised, to refer any unresolved dispute in 
relation to such documents to arbitration under the Arbitration Rules of the London Court of International 
Arbitration in London, England. The New York Convention on the Recognition and Enforcement of 
Foreign Arbitral Awards 1958 (the "New York Convention") entered into force in the UAE on 19 
November 2006. Any arbitration award rendered in London should therefore be enforceable in Sharjah in 
accordance with the terms of the New York Convention. Under the New York Convention, the UAE has 
an obligation to recognise and enforce foreign arbitration awards, unless the party opposing enforcement 
can prove one of the grounds under Article V of the New York Convention to refuse enforcement, or the 
Sharjah courts find that the subject matter of the dispute is not capable of settlement by arbitration or 
enforcement would be contrary to the public policy of the UAE. There have been limited instances where 
the UAE courts, most notably the Fujairah Court of First Instance and the Dubai Court of Cassation, have 
ratified or ordered the recognition and enforcement of foreign arbitration awards under the New York 
Convention. It should be noted that only the Dubai Court of Cassation was a final decision.  
There is no established track record as to how the New York Convention provisions would be interpreted 
and applied by the UAE courts in practice and whether the UAE courts will enforce a foreign arbitration 
award in accordance with the New York Convention (or any other multilateral or bilateral enforcement 
convention). This is reinforced by the lack of a system of binding judicial precedent in the UAE and the 
independent existence of different emirates within the UAE, some with their own court systems 
independent of the federal system, and whose rulings may have no more than persuasive force cross-border. 
Although there are examples of foreign arbitral awards being enforced in the UAE under the New York 
Convention (as described above), there are other cases where the enforcement of foreign arbitral awards 
have been refused Federal Cabinet Resolution No. 57 of 2018 (the "Resolution") governs the enforcement 
of foreign arbitral awards. The Resolution confirms that arbitral awards issued in a foreign state may be 
enforced in the UAE and that the conditions for enforcement of foreign arbitral awards set out in the New 
York Convention shall not be prejudiced by the Resolution. However, there is no established track record 
as to how the overlapping provisions of the New York Convention and the Resolution will be interpreted 
and applied by the UAE Courts in practice. There remains a risk that notwithstanding the Resolution or the 
terms of an applicable multilateral or bilateral enforcement convention, the UAE courts may in practice 
still consider and apply the grounds set out in Federal Law No. 6 of 2018 (the "UAE Arbitration Law") 
for enforcement of domestic UAE arbitral awards to the enforcement of any non-UAE arbitral award. The 
UAE Arbitration Law and the Resolution are both new and it is unclear how they will be applied by the 
UAE courts in practice. Accordingly, there is a risk that a non-UAE arbitral award will be refused 
enforcement by the UAE courts.  
The Government's waiver of immunity may not be effective under the laws of the UAE 
UAE law provides that public or private assets owned by the UAE or any of the emirates may not be 
confiscated. It is likely that the Lease Assets will fall within the ambit of government assets and as such 
cannot be attached or executed upon. 
The Government has waived its rights in relation to sovereign immunity, however, there can be no 
assurance as to whether such waivers of immunity from execution or attachment or other legal process by 
it under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party are valid and binding under the laws of the UAE 
and applicable in Sharjah.

--- Page 39 ---
- 25 - 
 
 
Claims for specific enforcement 
In the event that the Government fails to perform its obligations under any Transaction Document to which 
it is a party, the potential remedies available to the Trustee and the Delegate include obtaining an order for 
specific enforcement of the Government's obligations or a claim for damages. There is no assurance that a 
court will provide an order for specific enforcement which is a discretionary matter. 
The amount of damages which a court may award in respect of a breach will depend upon a number of 
possible factors including an obligation on the Trustee and the Delegate to mitigate any loss arising as a 
result of the breach. No assurance is provided on the level of damages which a court may award in the event 
of a failure by the Government to perform its obligations set out in the Transaction Documents to which it 
is a party.

--- Page 40 ---
- 26 - 
 
 
STRUCTURE DIAGRAM AND CASHFLOWS 
Set out below is a simplified structure diagram and description of the principal cash flows underlying each 
Series of Trust Certificates to be issued under the Programme. Potential investors are referred to the 
Conditions and the detailed descriptions of the relevant Transaction Documents set out elsewhere in this 
document for a fuller description of certain cash flows and for an explanation of the meaning of certain 
capitalised terms used below. 
 
Cashflows 
Payments by the Certificateholders and the Trustee 
On the Issue Date of each Tranche of Trust Certificates, the relevant Certificateholders will pay the issue 
price (the "Issue Proceeds") in respect thereof to the Trustee, and the Trustee will pay: 
(a) 
the Ijara Percentage of the aggregate face amount of the relevant Trust Certificates as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms (which, in the case of the first Tranche of a Series of Trust Certificates, 
shall be at least 55 per cent.) as the purchase price (the "Purchase Price") payable under the 
relevant Supplemental Purchase Agreement for the relevant asset(s) comprised of real estate asset(s) 
located in Sharjah (in the case of the first Tranche of a Series of Trust Certificates, the "Asset(s)" 
or, if applicable, (in the case of each subsequent Tranche of such Series) the "Additional Asset(s)"); 
and 
(b) 
the remaining portion of the Issue Proceeds (if any) equal to the Murabaha Percentage of the 
aggregate face amount of the relevant Trust Certificate as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(which, in the case of the first Tranche of a Series of Trust Certificates, shall be no more than 45 
per cent.) in the purchase of commodities to be sold to the Government on a deferred payment 
basis for an amount specified in a letter of offer and acceptance (the "Deferred Sale Price") 
pursuant to the Master Murabaha Agreement. 
Periodic Payments by the Trustee 
On each Periodic Distribution Date, the Servicing Agent (on behalf of the Trustee) will apply amounts 
standing to the credit of a collection account (comprised of a rental payment (pursuant to the relevant Lease 
Agreement) and an instalment payment of any Profit Amount (as defined in the Master Murabaha 
Agreement) each as paid by the Government (acting in its relevant capacities under the Lease Agreement 
and the Master Murabaha Agreement, as applicable, into the Collection Account)) in payment into the 
relevant Transaction Account of an amount which is intended to be sufficient to fund the Periodic 
Distribution Amount payable by the Trustee under the Trust Certificates and shall be applied by the Trustee 
for that purpose. 
Certificateholders
Government
Sharjah Sukuk Programme 
Limited
Government
Proceeds of
issues of Trust 
Certificates
Periodic Distribution 
Amounts/Dissolution 
Amounts
Trust 
Certificates
Asset(s)
Purchase Price
Deferred Sale Price
(including Murabaha Profit 
instalments)
Commodities
Master Purchase Agreement/Master Lease
Agreement/ServicingAgency Agreement/Purchase
Undertaking/Sale and Substitution Undertaking
Rental payments/Exercise 
Price
Master Murabaha Agreement

--- Page 41 ---
- 27 - 
 
 
Dissolution Payments 
On the Scheduled Dissolution Date: 
(a) 
the aggregate amounts of the Deferred Sale Price then outstanding, if any, shall become 
immediately due and payable by the Government; and 
(b) 
the Trustee and the Delegate will have the right under the Purchase Undertaking to require the 
Government (in its capacity as obligor) to purchase all of its rights, title and interests in, to and 
under the relevant Lease Asset(s) for an amount equal to the Exercise Price. 
The Exercise Price payable by the Government (in its capacity as Purchaser) to the Trustee (in its capacity 
as seller), together with the aggregate amounts of the Deferred Sale Price then outstanding, if any, are 
intended to fund the relevant Final Dissolution Amount payable by the Trustee under the Trust Certificates. 
The Trust may be dissolved prior to the Scheduled Dissolution Date for a number of reasons including: (i) 
unless the relevant Lease Assets have been replaced in accordance with the Servicing Agency Agreement, 
upon the occurrence of a Total Loss Event (as defined herein); (ii) upon the occurrence of a Tax Event; (iii) 
upon the occurrence of a Dissolution Event (as defined herein); (iv) in certain cases where so specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, at the option of the Government or any Certificateholder; or (v) on the Clean 
Up Call Right Dissolution Date, as the case may be. In the case of (ii), (iii), (iv) and (v) above, the relevant 
Dissolution Amount will be funded by requiring the Government to (A) purchase the relevant Lease 
Asset(s) and pay the relevant Exercise Price (or Certificateholder Put Right Exercise Price or Tangibility 
Event Certificateholder Put Right Exercise Price, as the case may be) and (B) pay the aggregate amounts 
of the Deferred Sale Price then outstanding, if any, in each case to or to the order of the Trustee (pursuant 
to the terms of the Purchase Undertaking or the Sale and Substitution Undertaking, as the case may be, and 
the Master Murabaha Agreement, if applicable).  
In the case of (i) above, the Dissolution Amount will be funded using (a) any proceeds of Insurances and/or 
(if applicable) the Loss Shortfall Amount payable in respect of the Total Loss Event (as defined herein), 
and (b) the aggregate amounts of the Deferred Sale Price then outstanding.

--- Page 42 ---
- 28 - 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published, and have been filed with the CBI, shall 
be incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
• 
The "Terms and Conditions of the Trust Certificates" appearing between pages 107 to 155 of the 
Base Prospectus dated 5 March 2018 will be incorporated by reference herein and will be available 
for viewing at https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/FinalBaseProspectus_d4c02717-5e7a-4d48-
9cc6-e3afc43096da.PDF.  
• 
The "Terms and Conditions of the Trust Certificates" appearing between pages 87 to 130 of the 
Base Prospectus dated 20 March 2019 will be incorporated by reference herein and will be 
available 
for 
viewing 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_7f00f58e-cd5c-48a9-91f0-d94685618b3e.PDF.  
• 
The "Terms and Conditions of the Trust Certificates" appearing between pages 80 to 118 of the 
Base Prospectus dated 21 April 2020 will be incorporated by reference herein and will be available 
for 
viewing 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_4ffc670a-791b-4c3e-9081-310b61ff735f.PDF. 
Copies of the above document incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus can be obtained from the 
specified office of the Principal Paying Agent at Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch, Winchester House, 
One Great Winchester Street, London EC2N 2DB, United Kingdom. 
Any information contained in the document specified above which is not incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus is either not relevant to investors or is included elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
The above documents shall be incorporated in and form part of this Base Prospectus, save that any statement 
contained in a document which is incorporated by reference herein shall be modified or superseded for the 
purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein modifies or supersedes such 
earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement so modified or 
superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 43 ---
- 29 - 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of each Tranche of Trust Certificates issued under the Programme will be applied by the 
Trustee pursuant to the terms of the relevant Transaction Documents on the relevant Issue Date in the 
following proportion: (A) the Ijara Percentage of the aggregate face amount of the Trust Certificates of 
such Tranche as specified in the applicable Final Terms towards the purchase from the Government of all 
of its rights, title and interests in, to and under (in the case of the first Tranche) the Asset(s) and, if applicable 
(in the case of each subsequent Tranche) the Additional Asset(s) pursuant to the relevant Purchase 
Agreement; and (B) if applicable, the Murabaha Percentage of the aggregate face amount of the Trust 
Certificates of such Tranche as specified in the applicable Final Terms towards the purchase of commodities 
to be sold to the Government pursuant to the Master Murabaha Agreement.

--- Page 44 ---
- 30 - 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE TRUSTEE 
General 
Sharjah Sukuk Programme Limited, an exempted company incorporated on 7 June 2017 with limited 
liability under the Companies Law (2016 Revision) of the Cayman Islands with registered number 323675 
whose registered office is at c/o Maples Corporate Services Limited, PO Box 309, Ugland House, Grand 
Cayman, KY1-1104, Cayman Islands, and whose telephone number is +1 345 949 8066. 
The issued share capital of the Trustee is comprised of one (1) ordinary share with a par value of U.S.$1.00. 
The Trustee is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Government. 
Business of the Trustee 
The Trustee has limited operating history or prior business and does not and will not have any substantial 
liabilities other than in connection with Trust Certificates that have been, and will be, issued under the 
Programme. The objects for which the Trustee is established are set out in clause 3 of its Memorandum of 
Association, as registered or adopted on 7 June 2017. 
Financial Statements 
Since the date of its incorporation, no financial statements of the Trustee have been prepared. The Trustee 
is not required by Cayman Islands law to publish audited financial statements. 
Directors of the Trustee 
The Directors of the Trustee are as follows: 
Name: 
Principal Occupation: 
Mohammed bin Saud Al Qasimi 
Chairman, Sharjah Finance Department 
Waleed Ebrahim Al Sayegh 
Director General, Sharjah Finance Department 
 
The business address of each Director of the Trustee is c/o Sharjah Finance Department, Al Layyeh Suburb, 
P.O. Box 201, Sharjah, United Arab Emirates. 
There are no conflicts of interest between the private interests or other duties of the Directors of the Trustee 
listed above and their respective duties to the Trustee. 
The Trustee has no employees and is not expected to have any employees in the future.

--- Page 45 ---
- 31 - 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE EMIRATE OF SHARJAH 
Introduction 
The Emirate of Sharjah ("Sharjah" or the "Emirate") is one of seven emirates which together comprise 
the Federation of the United Arab Emirates (the "Federation"). The Federation was established on 
2 December 1971. On formation, the Federation comprised the following emirates: Abu Dhabi, Dubai, 
Sharjah, Ajman, Umm Al Quwain and Fujairah. Ras Al Khaimah joined in February 1972. Abu Dhabi is 
the capital city of the UAE. The President of the UAE is His Highness ("H.H.") Sheikh Khalifa bin Zayed 
Al Nahyan, who is also the ruler of Abu Dhabi. H.H. Sheikh Dr. Sultan Bin Mohammed Al Qasimi 
("H.H. The Ruler") became the ruler of Sharjah in 1972 and was appointed to the Supreme Council (as 
defined below).1 
Location 
 
Sharjah is the third-largest emirate in the UAE. Sharjah borders the Arabian Gulf to the west and shares 
land borders with all of the other six emirates. The Emirate comprises a main territory, incorporating 
Sharjah City and the less densely populated Central Region, and three exclaves on the UAE's east coast 
(Khorfakkan, Dibba Al-Hisn and Kalba), which each provide access to the Arabian Sea and the Indian 
Ocean through the Gulf of Oman. The island of Sir Bu Nair also forms part of Sharjah. In total, Sharjah 
covers an area of 2,590 square kilometres, or 3.3 per cent. of the UAE's total area (excluding islands). 
The main city of Sharjah, Sharjah City, is situated between the emirates of Dubai and Ajman on the five 
kilometre deep salt strip running along the west coast. Sharjah City is located around 170 kilometres from 
the UAE's capital of Abu Dhabi. The length of the coastline falling under the Emirate is approximately 
30 kilometres in total, including a 16 kilometre continuous stretch on the Arabian Gulf around Sharjah City. 
The UAE as a whole extends along the south-east coast of the Arabian Gulf, from the Kingdom of Saudi 
Arabia to Ras Al Khaimah in the north and across parts of the Musandam peninsula to the Gulf of Oman 
in the east. The UAE covers an area of 83,699 square kilometres in total. 
History 
There is evidence of human settlement dating back to around 120,000 years ago, located in what is now 
present-day Sharjah (which means "rising sun" in Arabic). Graveyards and adjacent settlements have been 
found which point to Neolithic communities who lived there from 11,000 years ago. As early as the second 
 
1 
While the terms "Federal" and "Federation" are used in this description, the term "Union" may be more accurate based upon the 
definition (ittihad) which the founding fathers of the UAE gave in the 1971 Provisional Constitution of the UAE (as amended). 
However, in line with common parlance, the terms "Federal" and "Federation" are used throughout this description.

--- Page 46 ---
- 32 - 
 
 
century AD, a map drawn by the Greek geographer Ptolemy indicated the settlement of Sarcoa (where 
present-day Sharjah is located). 
The arrival of envoys from the Prophet Muhammad (peace be upon him) in 630 AD also added to the rich 
cultural heritage of the region. 
Sharjah's modern history began around 1727, when the Al Qasimi clan took over the area of present-day 
Sharjah and declared the polity independent. While European powers competed for regional supremacy 
during the eighteenth century (in order to control the lucrative trade routes in and around the Persian Gulf), 
a local power, the Qawasim, was gathering strength. At the beginning of the nineteenth century, the 
Qawasim had built up a fleet of over 60 large vessels and could put nearly 20,000 sailors to sea, eventually 
provoking a British offensive to control the maritime trade routes between the Arabian Gulf and India. 
Following the defeat of the Qawasim by the British, Sharjah and the other emirates of the current UAE each 
entered into a separate treaty with the British. Such a treaty was also motivated by a sense of resistance to 
the growing Ottoman imperial influence, which was beginning to make its presence felt in the area. Thus, 
on 8 January 1820, Sheikh Sultan bin Saqr Al Qasimi signed the General Maritime Treaty with Great 
Britain. The emirates eventually became collectively known as the Trucial States or Sheikhdoms and the 
area was generally known as the Trucial Coast. The Sheikhdoms were each led by a Sheikh, who typically 
belonged to the most influential tribe in that area (being the Al Qasimi dynasty in the case of Sharjah). In 
Sharjah, alongside fishing and trading, pearling was a primary income-generating industry that lasted into 
the late 1940s. The first international airport on the Trucial Coast was established in Sharjah in 1932. 
The British remained in the area until their withdrawal from the region in 1971. Steps were then taken by 
the rulers of the seven emirates to bring the individual Sheikhdoms together into a single Federation. This 
resulted in the formation of the Federation by six of the seven emirates of the UAE (including Sharjah) in 
December 1971, with Ras Al Khaimah joining in February 1972. 
In May 1976, the seven emirates agreed to merge their armed forces. In 1979, the ruler of Dubai, 
H.H. Sheikh Rashid bin Saeed Al Maktoum, became Prime Minister of the Federal Government. 
H.H. Sheikh Zayed bin Sultan Al Nahyan of Abu Dhabi served as President of the UAE from 1971 until 
his death in November 2004, when he was succeeded by his son, H.H. Sheikh Khalifa bin Zayed Al Nahyan, 
as ruler of Abu Dhabi and President of the UAE. 
Population 
According to the FCSA, the UAE had a population of approximately 9.5 million in 2019. 
The population of the UAE has grown significantly since 1975, reflecting an influx of foreign labour, 
principally from the Indian subcontinent, as the emirates have developed. 
Recent population growth in Sharjah has been lower than in some of the other emirates. As a result, the 
population as a percentage of the UAE's population has decreased from approximately 20 per cent. in 2005 
to approximately 15 per cent. in 2015. The table below illustrates this growth since 1975. 
 
Sharjah 
population 
Total UAE 
population  
1975 ......................................................................................................................................... 
78,790 
557,887 
1980 ......................................................................................................................................... 
159,317 
1,042,099 
1985 ......................................................................................................................................... 
228,317 
1,379,303 
2005 ......................................................................................................................................... 
793,573 
4,106,247 
2015 ......................................................................................................................................... 
1,408,699 
9,104,000 
2019 (estimated) ....................................................................................................................... 
1,470,552 
9,503,738 
 _______________  
Source: Government internal sources, official census data for 1975, 1980, 1985, 2005 and 2015. 
In January 2017, the Sharjah Department of Statistics and Community Development published the Sharjah 
Census 2015. The official total population of Sharjah was 1,408,699 in 2015 and is estimated to be 
approximately 1,470,552 in 2019. This comprehensive study superseded the previous post-2005 data series, 
which was estimated according to the component methodology, using data on the number of births, deaths 
and migrants. According to the latest data published by the FCSA, UAE nationals officially make up less 
than 12 per cent. of the overall population of the UAE and 18.5 per cent. of the Emirate's population. In 
keeping with the rest of the UAE, expatriates resident in Sharjah are mainly from the Indian subcontinent 
and other Arab countries.

--- Page 47 ---
- 33 - 
 
 
Education and training are an important strategic focus for the Emirate (see further "The Economy of 
Sharjah — Infrastructure — Education" below). Based on the Sharjah Census 2015, for the population aged 
10 or more, approximately 26.8 per cent. of the active population had university or equivalent level degrees 
and a further 39.5 per cent. had completed secondary education. The Government believes that one of its 
key future challenges will be the creation of jobs for the local population and has undertaken initiatives 
with the Federal Government to educate and motivate young UAE nationals to join the workforce, with a 
particular emphasis on the private sector (see "The Economy of Sharjah — Infrastructure — Education"). 
Relationship between the UAE Constitution and Sharjah 
The UAE Constitution 
The original constitution of the UAE (the "Constitution") was provisional and established the legal 
framework for the Federation. The Constitution was made permanent pursuant to a constitutional 
amendment in May 1996 (which also confirmed Abu Dhabi as the permanent capital of the UAE). 
The major principle articulated by the Constitution in relation to the separation of powers between the 
Federation and the individual emirates is that, on specific legislative and executive matters (or solely 
legislative matters), competencies were conferred on the Federation, with each individual emirate 
remaining sovereign within its own territory on all residuary matters. 
Accordingly, pursuant to Articles 120 and 121 of the Constitution, the Federal Government has exclusive 
legislative and executive competence in relation to: foreign affairs; national security and defence; 
nationality and immigration; finance, taxation and public borrowing of the Federal Government; education; 
public health; postal, telephone and other communications services; and air traffic control and the licensing 
of aircraft. The UAE's monetary and exchange rate policy is also managed on a Federal basis by the UAE 
Central Bank. See further "Monetary and Financial System" below. 
Similarly, pursuant to Article 121 of the Constitution, the Federation has exclusive legislative (but not 
executive) competence in relation to, for example, labour relations, banks, insurance, major codal 
legislation, intellectual property protection, the delimitation of territorial waters, the extradition of criminals 
and the establishment and regulation of free trade zones. In relation to these competencies, the 
implementation of the Federal legislation is left to the executive authorities of each emirate. 
Article 122 of the Constitution confirms that "the Emirates shall have competence in relation to all matters 
where the Federation does not hold exclusive competence in accordance with the provisions of the 
preceding two Articles". 
Accordingly, the governments of the individual emirates retain flexibility in the governance and 
management of their own emirates. Examples of the sectors for which the Government has retained 
responsibility include its customs controls, local planning authorities and tourism. The natural resources 
and wealth in each emirate are considered to be the public property of that emirate. 
Federal Supreme Council 
The UAE is governed by the Supreme Council of the rulers of each of the emirates (the "Supreme 
Council"). This is the highest Federal governing body and consists of the rulers of the seven emirates. The 
Supreme Council elects, from its own membership, the President and the Vice President of the UAE (each 
for renewable five-year terms). The Supreme Council is vested with legislative as well as executive powers. 
It ratifies Federal laws and decrees, plans general policy and approves the appointment, resignation or 
dismissal of the Prime Minister. 
In 1971, the then-ruler of Abu Dhabi, H.H. Sheikh Zayed bin Sultan Al Nahyan, was elected as the first 
President of the UAE and was re-elected President for successive five-year terms until his death in 
November 2004. In 1971, the then-ruler of Dubai, H.H. Sheikh Rashid bin Saeed Al Maktoum, was elected 
as the first Vice-President of the UAE and continued as Vice-President until his death in 1990. Both were 
succeeded by their respective Crown Princes, H.H. Sheikh Khalifa bin Zayed al Nahyan, who became ruler 
of the emirate of Abu Dhabi in 2004, and H.H. Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, who became 
the ruler of the emirate of Dubai in 2006 (after having succeeded his brother, Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid 
Al Maktoum, who served as Ruler of Dubai following the death of H.H. Sheikh Rashid bin Saeed Al 
Maktoum); and were elected by the members of the Supreme Council to become, respectively, President 
(for the ruler of Abu Dhabi) and Vice-President (for the ruler of Dubai) of the UAE.

--- Page 48 ---
- 34 - 
 
 
H.H. The Ruler has represented Sharjah in the Supreme Council since becoming the ruler of Sharjah in 
1972. 
Federal Council of Ministers 
The Federal Council of Ministers (the "Cabinet") is described in the Constitution as "the executive 
authority" for the Federation and is responsible for implementing policy decisions of the Supreme Council. 
The Cabinet is the principal executive body of the Federation. Based in Abu Dhabi, the Cabinet is headed 
by the Prime Minister (H.H. Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum) and consists of his two Deputy 
Prime Ministers (H.H. Sheikh Saif bin Zayed Al Nahyan and H.H. Sheikh Mansour bin Zayed Al Nahyan) 
and other ministers. These ministers are normally selected (for no fixed term) by the President of the 
Supreme Council on the recommendation of the Prime Minister. The Constitution defines the competencies 
of the Cabinet, which include the issuing of regulations, the preparation of draft laws and the drawing up 
of the annual Federal budget. 
Federal National Council 
The Federal National Council is a parliamentary body which comprises 40 members, all of whom are UAE 
nationals. Each emirate appoints members for a particular number of seats based on the emirate's population 
and geographical size. Abu Dhabi and Dubai have eight members each, Sharjah and Ras Al Khaimah have 
six members each and the other emirates have four members each. The nomination of representative 
members is left to the discretion of each emirate, and the members' legislative term is four calendar years. 
The members represent the UAE as a whole rather than their individual emirates. 
Presided over by a speaker, or two deputy speakers, elected from amongst its members, the Federal National 
Council has both a legislative and a supervisory role under the Constitution. This means that it is responsible 
for examining and, as appropriate, amending or rejecting all proposed Federal legislation, and is empowered 
to summon and to question any Federal minister regarding ministry performance. One of the main duties 
of the Federal National Council is to discuss the annual budget of the UAE. Although the Federal National 
Council can monitor and debate government policy, it has no veto or amendment power and cannot initiate 
any legislation by itself, and its amendments to, or rejection of, draft legislation placed before it can 
ultimately be overridden by the Supreme Council. 
In 2006, reforms were made with a view to enhancing public participation in indirect elections to the Federal 
National Council. Under these reforms, the ruler of each emirate will select an electoral college whose 
members should be at least 100 times the number of Federal National Council members for that emirate. 
The members of each college elect half of the Federal National Council members for their emirate, with 
the remainder being appointed by the relevant ruler. 
Legal and Court System 
There are three primary sources of law in the UAE, namely: 
• 
Federal laws and decrees applicable in all seven emirates; 
• 
local laws i.e. laws and regulations enacted by the emirates individually; and 
• 
Shari'a (Islamic) law. 
The secondary form of law is trade custom or practice. In the absence of Federal legislation on areas 
specifically reserved to Federal authority, the ruler or local government of each emirate will apply his or its 
own rules, regulations and practices. 
The Federal judiciary, whose independence is guaranteed under the Constitution, includes the Federal 
Supreme Court and Courts of First Instance of each emirate. The Federal Supreme Court consists of five 
judges appointed by the Supreme Council. The judges decide on the constitutionality of Federal laws and 
arbitrate on inter-emirate disputes and disputes between the Federal Government and the emirates. 
In accordance with the Constitution, three of the seven emirates (Dubai, Abu Dhabi and Sharjah) have 
elected to maintain their own court system, separate from that of the UAE, and these courts have sole 
jurisdiction to hear cases brought in the respective emirates.

--- Page 49 ---
- 35 - 
 
 
Sharjah's judicial system mirrors the structure of the Federal judicial system and is comprised of a Court of 
First Instance, a Court of Appeal and a Court of Cassation. 
International Relations 
Pursuant to Article 120 of the Constitution, foreign policy and international relations are a Federal matter 
and, accordingly, Sharjah has no ability to enter into direct agreements with foreign governments other 
than, under certain conditions, "limited agreements of a local and administrative nature" with neighbouring 
states. 
The foreign policy of the UAE is based upon a set of guiding principles laid down by the UAE's first 
President, H.H. Sheikh Zayed bin Sultan Al Nahyan. He derived these principles from his belief in the need 
for justice in international dealings between states, including the necessity of adhering to the principle of 
non-interference in the internal affairs of others and the pursuit, wherever possible, of peaceful resolution 
of disputes, together with support for international institutions, such as the United Nations (the "UN"). 
Within the Arabian Gulf region, and in the broader Arab world, the UAE has sought to enhance co-operation 
and to resolve disagreement through the pursuit of dialogue. Accordingly, one of the central features of the 
country's foreign policy has been the development of closer ties with its neighbours in the Arabian 
Peninsula. The Co-operation Council for the Arab States of the Gulf (colloquially known as the Gulf 
Co-operation Council) (the "GCC") region, which comprises the UAE, the State of Kuwait, the Kingdom 
of Saudi Arabia, the Kingdom of Bahrain, the State of Qatar and the Sultanate of Oman, was founded at a 
summit conference held in Abu Dhabi, in May 1981. 
At the broader level of the Arab world as a whole, the UAE is committed to building a sense of common 
purpose among both its people and its governments and, to this end, has supported the strengthening of 
common institutions, such as the Arab League. Beyond the Arab world, the UAE has pursued a policy of 
seeking, wherever possible, to build friendly relations with other nations, both in the developing and in the 
industrialised world. The UAE also maintains cordial relations with other regional states and has established 
good relations with the United States, China and the European Union as well as with various developing 
nations in Africa and many of the countries of the former Soviet Union. 
Since the establishment of the UAE, the country has played an active role in the provision of financial aid 
to developing countries and has been a contributor of emergency relief to countries and areas affected by 
conflict and natural disasters. Countries that have benefited in recent years from the UAE's financial aid 
include Pakistan, Palestine, Syria, Sudan, the Republic of Yemen, Bahrain and Egypt. The philosophy 
behind the aid policy is two-fold: first, the provision of help for the needy is a duty incumbent on all 
Muslims; and second, the country's policy on utilisation of the revenues from its oil and gas production has 
always included a component that they should be devoted, in part, to helping other countries that have fewer 
natural resources. 
The UAE is also an active participant in a number of multilateral aid-giving institutions, including the 
International Bank for Reconstruction and Development, the IMF, the International Development Agency 
and regional bodies such as OPEC, the Fund for International Development, the Arab Gulf Fund for the 
UN, the Arab Bank for Economic Development in Africa, the Abu Dhabi based Arab Monetary Fund and 
the Islamic Development Bank. In addition, the UAE is a member of various other international 
organisations including, inter alia, the GCC, the UN, the Arab League, the Organisation of Islamic 
Countries, OPEC, the World Health Organisation (the "WHO"), the International Organisation for 
Industrial Development, the World Trade Organisation and the Asia-Pacific Economic Co-operation. 
The UAE currently has an impasse with the Islamic Republic of Iran and the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia 
over certain border issues. Since 1971, the three Gulf islands of Abu Musa and Greater and Lesser Tunb 
have been occupied by Iranian forces. The UAE believes that the islands should be returned to Sharjah and 
Ras Al Khaimah, respectively, which claim sovereignty over them, and is seeking to resolve the dispute 
through bilateral negotiations or a reference to international arbitration. 
The UAE is also seeking, through negotiation, to resolve issues related to the 1974 provisional and, as yet, 
unratified agreement with the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia on the border between the two countries. 
The UAE, along with other Arab states, participated in the Saudi Arabian led intervention in Yemen which 
began in 2015. The intervention was in response to requests for assistance from the internationally

--- Page 50 ---
- 36 - 
 
 
recognised but domestically contested Yemeni government of President Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi. The 
request was due to a Houthi tribal offensive, aimed at Yemen's provisional capital of Aden. 
The UAE also joined another Saudi Arabian-led coalition of 34 largely Muslim nations formed in December 
2015 to combat Islamic extremism, in particular Islamic State (also known variously as Daesh, ISIS or 
ISIL). 
On 5 June 2017, Saudi Arabia, the UAE and Bahrain announced that they would close their airspace and 
territorial waters with Qatar within 24 hours of the release of the announcement. Saudi Arabia also closed 
its land border with Qatar, which is Qatar's only land border. Saudi Arabia, the UAE, Bahrain and Egypt 
also ended diplomatic ties with Qatar. Yemen, Jordan, Libya, Comoros, Senegal and Mauritania also joined 
the Saudi-led group shortly thereafter and several other countries including Chad, Djibouti, Maldives and 
Niger announced that they had downgraded their diplomatic ties with Qatar. On 5 January 2021, the UAE, 
Saudi Arabia, Bahrain and Egypt agreed to restore diplomatic relations with Qatar. Leaders of the six Gulf 
Cooperation Council member states signed the Al Ula Agreement, lifting the embargo on Qatar and 
establishing the renewal of diplomatic and economic relations. 
On 13 August 2020, President Donald Trump of the United States, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of 
Israel and His Highness Sheikh Mohamed bin Zayed Al Nahyan, Crown Prince of Abu Dhabi and Deputy 
Supreme Commander of the UAE Armed Forces released a joint statement confirming that the UAE and 
Israel had agreed to normalise relations. In doing so, the UAE became the third Arab country, after the Arab 
Republic of Egypt in 1979 and the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan in 1994, to agree to formally establish 
its relationship with Israel. The Abraham Accords Peace Agreement: Treaty of Peace, Diplomatic Relations 
and Full Normalisation between the United Arab Emirates and the State of Israel (the "Abraham Accords") 
was officially signed in Washington D.C. on 15 September 2020. In addition, the Kingdom of Bahrain 
announced the establishment of diplomatic ties with Israel on 11 September 2020 and became the fourth 
Arab country to officially sign the Abraham Accords. 
The Abraham Accords seek to advance comprehensive Middle East peace, stability and prosperity. To that 
extent, the UAE and Israel have agreed to join with the United States to develop and launch a "Strategic 
Agenda for the Middle East" in order to expand regional diplomatic, trade, stability and other cooperation. 
The Abraham Accords also identify sectors in which the UAE and Israel have signed bilateral agreements, 
including finance and investment, civil aviation, healthcare, tourism, environment, education and 
agriculture and food security. 
Since the announcement on 13 August 2020, the first direct commercial flight from Israel to the UAE 
landed in Abu Dhabi International Airport on 31 August 2020. The official treaty was signed on 15 
September 2020 and ratified by the Israeli government and the Knesset on 12 October 2020 and 15 October 
2020 respectively. 
COVID-19 Impact and Response measures Adopted in the UAE and Sharjah 
Overview 
In December 2019, the emergence of a new strain of the coronavirus was reported in Wuhan, Hubei 
Province, China. In March 2020, the UAE, alongside the United States, certain EU countries and many 
other countries worldwide imposed restrictions on travel and on the freedom of movement of people as 
well as other restrictions intended to reduce in person interactions. These measures, while aiming to slow 
the spread of COVID-19, are expected to significantly reduce economic activity regionally and globally 
and it is currently unclear how long these restrictions will be in place and what their ultimate impact will 
be on global and local economies. 
General and Epidemiological Response Measures 
On 29 January 2020, the UAE reported its first case of the virus, with the number of COVID-19 cases rising 
to 42,982 by 16 June 2020, of which 28,861 had recovered and 293 had died (source: Ministry of Health 
and Prevention). The Federal Government has been continuously monitoring the situation relating to the 
spread of the COVID-19 pandemic and has taken significant steps to address the complex public health and 
economic impacts of the pandemic. At the heart of the UAE's efforts to combat the virus has been one of 
the world's most extensive testing programmes, with more than 52 million tests conducted and 12.9 million, 
predominantly Sinopharm, vaccine doses administered by the end of May 2021 (source: Ministry of Health 
and Prevention). COVID-19 has now been detected in almost every country, and as of June 2021, had

--- Page 51 ---
- 37 - 
 
 
infected over 174 million people around the world and resulted in 3.7 million deaths. As of 9 June 2021, 
the UAE had 18,885 active cases of COVID-19. 
To curb the spread and incidence of COVID-19 in the UAE, the Federal Government has coordinated across 
all levels of governmental institutions to help address immediate needs as well as laying the foundation for 
future responses. The National Disinfection Program is tasked with sanitising all public facilities, streets 
and public transportation to ensure the highest levels of protection and prevention. The UAE is also working 
with the World Health Organisation to combat the virus and is also supporting countries in need, for 
example by donating testing kits and personal protective equipment. 
On 14 July 2020, the UAE Ministry of Health and Prevention introduced the laser-based Diffractive Phase 
Interferometry technology ("DPI") to detect COVID-19 cases. The DPI technology is based on laser 
technology using blood samples for examining the virus. It allows the health authorities to carry out large-
scale screening within a few seconds. It serves as a first step to detect suspected cases of infections before 
they undergo a Polymerase Chain Reaction swab tests. Laser-based DPI is based on optical-phase 
modulation which is able to give a signature of infection within a few seconds. It is user-friendly, non-
invasive and low-cost. The UAE was the first country where the number of conducted COVID-19 tests 
exceeded the size of its population. 
The Ministry of Health and Prevention also launched a chatbot service titled Virtual Doctor for COVID-
19. People can use the service to assess whether their symptoms could be associated with COVID-19. The 
chatbot in the Virtual Doctor service asks questions relating to the persons' travel history, if they have come 
in contact with someone who has travelled and is sick and if they have come in contact with someone 
known to have COVID-19. It also asks if the person is suffering from specific symptoms and about his 
health habits. Depending on the person's answers, the chatbot will deduce if he/she is at risk. It will connect 
him/her to a doctor through the same service. 
The UAE has launched a second app as well called Al Hosn. This is  the official integrated digital platform 
for COVID-19 tests in the UAE through which individuals can receive COVID-19 test results on their 
smartphones. It can also detect if the user has been in close proximity to people who have had contact with 
others infected with the COVID-19 virus, provided that they too have the same app downloaded on their 
phones. This app is a joint venture between the Ministry of Health and Prevention, the Department of Health 
– Abu Dhabi and the Dubai Health Authority. 
The Ministry of Health was provided with an additional AED 1,428 million in funding to respond to the 
COVID-19 pandemic. As a result, other government entities had their budget allocations cut in order to try 
and maintain a balanced budget. 
On 14 September 2020, the UAE announced the emergency approval for the use of the COVID-19 vaccine 
and on 3 November 2020, the Prime Minister of the UAE received a COVID-19 vaccine developed by 
China's Sinopharm Group. According to the Ministry of Health and Prevention the Federal Government 
has implemented enhanced testing and screening with over 52 million tests conducted and 12.9 million, 
predominantly Sinopharm, vaccine doses administered by the end of May 2021. 
Social and Economic Response Measures 
The Federal Government has enacted several measures to limit the spread of the virus, including closure of 
schools, nurseries, shopping malls, parks, dine-in restaurants, and various tourist attractions. The Federal 
Government implemented a six-month suspension of work permit fees to cut the cost of doing business, 
support small and medium-sized enterprises ("SMEs") and accelerate major infrastructure projects. As part 
of their National Epidemic Control Plan, the Federal Government also imposed wide-ranging travel 
restrictions (including grounding of flights and halting visa issuance), which had an adverse impact on 
tourism, suspended prayers at mosques and other large gatherings, and enacted teleworking arrangements 
in government offices. Alongside, the Federal Government has increased testing and scaled up disinfection 
efforts, established a dedicated task force to ensure uninterrupted supply of consumer goods and prevent 
manipulative pricing practices, and launched remote learning initiative to ensure continuity of education. 
The Federal Government closed private and public sector offices whereby employees were encouraged to 
work from home. As a response, the Ministry of Human Resources and Emiratisation published Ministerial 
Resolution 281 of 2020 regulating remote working whereby employers were obliged to provide the 
necessary technical tools to perform work remotely. The Federal Government also launched an "Early 
Leave" initiative for all expatriate private sector employees.

--- Page 52 ---
- 38 - 
 
 
On 24 April 2020, the Federal Government began the gradual reopening of shopping centres and other 
businesses, subject to social distancing requirements, and began facilitating repatriation of expatriate 
workers wishing to return to their home countries. Several airlines have resumed a limited number of regular 
passenger flights. The Federal Government also began shortening curfews and most government employees 
returned to work as of mid-June. 
The UAE economy is being affected by the spread of COVID-19 as well as low oil prices. An extensive 
economic stimulus package for UAE businesses was introduced first in March 2020 and later in July 2020 
to support services hit by the decline of revenue and includes fees waivers, utilities subsidies, and 
cancellation of certain fines and penalties.  
In Sharjah, the Government introduced a range of measures across various sectors intended to mitigate the 
economic impacts of the operating restrictions put in place across the UAE. The 47-point plan introduced 
by the Government in March 2020 sought to assist government and private entities, business sectors and 
individuals affected by the spread of COVID-19. The measures introduced as part of this plan included a 
10 per cent. reduction in utility bills for three months starting from April 2020, a three-month waiver in 
business licence fees and various other reductions in government fees, fines and regulations. The 
Government has enacted rent exemptions for certain Government-owned buildings as well as implementing 
reductions in certain road, transport and logistics related fines and fees such as operating fees at Sharjah 
International Airport. Furthermore, there have been waivers of certain traffic violation fees and a reduction 
in port-related fees. In addition, a number of prisoners have been granted early release from custodial 
sentences relating to non-violent offences in order to facilitate distancing within penal facilities. 
The COVID-19 pandemic has also had a significant impact on supply chain, logistics and transportation. 
In response to this, the Emirates Food Security Council has developed mechanisms to ensure a steady and 
sustainable food supply to the UAE such as increasing the total food inventory for long periods by 30 per 
cent. Additionally, the UAE Ministry of Community Development and Ministry of Economy have 
collaborated to launch the Al Meer Initiative to provide essential food supplies to 12,000 vulnerable and 
foreign workers. 
In November 2020, the Government of Sharjah approved a stimulus package of approximately AED 512.0 
million. The package includes incentives to support the government, private entities, businesses and 
individuals, boost business continuity and mitigate the overall economic impact of the COVID-19 
pandemic. As of 4 February 2021, the Federal Government and the individual emirates have so far 
announced approximately AED 32 billion (2.8 per cent. of GDP) in various fiscal measures, including the 
previously mentioned AED 512.0 million stimulus package in Sharjah, in response to the COVID-19 
pandemic in 2021. These include (i) AED 16.0 billion approved by the Federal Government to support the 
private sector by reducing various government fees, labour and other charges, refunding 50 per cent. of 
bank and financial guarantees to some establishments and accelerating existing infrastructure projects; (ii) 
AED 1.5 billion in measures by the government of Dubai to reduce government fees, provide additional 
water and electricity subsidies, and simplify business procedures; and (iii) AED 9 billion announced by the 
government of Abu Dhabi as part of the ongoing "Ghadan-21" fiscal stimulus program. The new initiatives 
provide for water and electricity subsidies as well as credit guarantees and liquidity support to SMEs. They 
also include deferral of payment of outstanding instalments and interests on loans and credit cards for a 
period of three months, suspension of all rental property eviction cases and deferral of the collection of rent 
payments and service fees for tenants. In addition, the government of Abu Dhabi has announced a reduction 
or suspension of various government fees and penalties, as well as a rebate on commercial lease payments 
in the tourism and hospitality sectors. 
The Ministry of Human Resources and Emiratisation created a 'virtual labour market' to facilitate the 
provision of job opportunities for suspended employees while the Ministry of Education activated virtual 
learning for nearly 1.2 million students from various educational institutions, with service providers 
offering free mobile internet connection to families without home internet services in order to assist with 
students remote learning needs. 
 
Financial Sector Response Measures 
 
Effective from 15 March 2020, the UAE Central Bank implemented the Targeted Economic Support 
Scheme (TESS), which includes a range of measures aimed at mitigating the economic effects of COVID-
19 within the UAE. Such measures include allowing banks operating in the UAE access to loans and

--- Page 53 ---
- 39 - 
 
 
advances extended at zero cost against collateral by the UAE Central Bank, to be used to grant temporary 
relief to private sector corporate and SME customers and retail clients. In addition (subject to the terms of 
the TESS), banks are allowed to tap into the capital conservation buffer up to a maximum of 60 per cent. 
without supervisory consequences and the domestic systemically important banks (the "D-SIBs") are 
allowed to use 100 per cent. of their D-SIB buffer without supervisory consequences (in each case, until 15 
March 2021). Furthermore, the UAE Central Bank effectively more than doubled the size of its stimulus 
package from AED 100 billion on 7 April 2020 to AED 256.0 billion and allowed banks and finance 
companies in the UAE to extend deferrals of principal and interest. In June 2020, to support the operation 
of the TESS and the general flow of funds into the economy in Sharjah, the Sharjah Liquidity Support 
Mechanism, established by the Sharjah Finance Department, initiated an AED 4.0 billion financial stimulus 
package to further alleviate the adverse economic impact of COVID-19 on business and individuals. See 
"Risk Factors – Risks relating to the ongoing coronavirus COVID-19." 
The UAE Central Bank has reduced its policy interest rate twice, first by 125 basis points in March 2020 
and 15 basis points in July 2020 and experienced an increase by 5 basis points in June 2021. Furthermore, 
the UAE Central Bank has announced an AED 256 billion (approximately 22 per cent. of GDP in 2019) 
package of measures comprising: (i) halving of banks' required reserve requirements from 14 per cent. to 7 
per cent.; (ii) zero-interest rate collateralised loans to banks (AED 50 billion); (iii) allowing the use of 
banks' excess capital buffers (AED 50 billion); (iv) 15-25 per cent. reduction in provisioning for SME loans; 
(v) increase of loan-to-value ratio for first-time home buyers by 5 percentage points; (vi) limiting bank fees 
for SMEs; (vii) waiver of all payment service fees charged by the UAE Central Bank for six months; (viii) 
raising the limit on banks' exposure to the real estate sector from to 30 per cent. of risk-weighted assets, 
subject to adequate provisioning; (ix) allowing banks to defer loan repayments till end-2020. On 8 August 
2020, the UAE Central Bank announced further measures to facilitate banks' lending to the economy and 
the relaxation of the Net Stable Funding Ratio and the Advances to Stable Resources Ratio effective through 
the end of 2021 (source: IMF – Policy Responses to COVID-19). On 16 November 2020, the UAE Central 
Bank announced that following its review of the TESS the scheme would be extended until 30 June 2021 
to continue to support individuals and businesses affected by COVID-19, and on 20 April 2021, the zero-
cost facility was again extended to June 2022 and the regulations for loan deferrals to December 2021. 
Expected Impact of the COVID-19 Pandemic 
While the economic and fiscal cost of COVID-19 is difficult to predict, the Government anticipates a 
significant time-limited negative impact of the pandemic on the economy. This is reflected in the 
preliminary economic data for 2020. While the Government expects a return to economic growth in 2021, 
based on the broad resumption of economic activities with only limited restrictions, there is considerable 
uncertainty in respect to the further development of the pandemic (including any potential "third wave") 
and its macroeconomic consequences, as well as any related shocks in the financial markets. 
The Government 
The relationship between the Federal Government and the local governments of each emirate in the UAE 
is laid down in the Constitution, which allows for a degree of flexibility in the distribution of authority and 
executive responsibilities. The Constitution states that each emirate shall exercise all powers not assigned 
to the Federation. Each emirate has its own local government, consisting of departments or authorities, so 
that each emirate retains sufficient political and financial autonomy. 
The legislative and executive powers of the government in Sharjah lie primarily with the ruler, supported 
by the deputy rulers and the Sharjah Executive Council (the "SEC"). The ruler of Sharjah is H.H. Sheikh 
Dr. Sultan bin Mohammed Al Qasimi ("H.H. The Ruler"), who was appointed Ruler of Sharjah on 
25 January 1972. H.H. Sheikh Sultan Bin Mohammed bin Sultan Al Qasimi assumed the title of Crown 
Prince in 1999. H.H. the Crown Prince holds the titles of Deputy Ruler of Sharjah and Chairman of the 
SEC. 
The ruler's office provides support and advice to H.H. The Ruler in all his functions as the ceremonial and 
functional head of the Government. H.H. The Ruler delegates certain day-to-day aspects of the management 
of Sharjah's Government and its dependencies to the SEC. As Chairman of the SEC, the Crown Prince 
oversees the implementation of all strategies and plans of governmental bodies and departments. In an effort 
to increase public participation in politics, the Sharjah Consultative Council (the "SCC") was established 
in 1999 by Emiri Decree No. 3. Like the UAE's Federal National Council, the SCC works closely with the 
SEC in reviewing legislation and the accountability of Government agencies on issues of policy. In January

--- Page 54 ---
- 40 - 
 
 
2016, for the first time, elections were held for registered Sharjah citizens to elect half of the 42 members 
of the SCC. 
The various departments and other arms of the Government and their respective executives operate under 
the powers and responsibilities specifically delegated to them from time to time by H.H. The Ruler. The 
laws adopted in Sharjah are passed by virtue of a decree of H.H. The Ruler. 
The public sector of the Government consists of centralised departments and independent authorities. 
There are around 70 centralised Government departments, including: 
• 
Directorate of Public Works; 
• 
Department of Culture and Information; 
• 
Finance Department; 
• 
Real Estate Registration Department; 
• 
Economic Development Department; 
• 
Sharjah Petroleum Council; 
• 
Sharjah Police; 
• 
Department of Customs; 
• 
Town Planning Department; 
• 
Department of Civil Aviation; and 
• 
Sharjah City Municipality 
Independent authorities in Sharjah, which are wholly or majority publicly owned but operate at arm's length 
from the Government and are often referred to as government-related entities ("GREs"), include: (i) Bee'ah 
(Sharjah Environment Company); (ii) Sharjah Commerce and Tourism Development Authority; (iii) 
Hamriyah Free Zone Authority; (iv) Sharjah Electricity, Water and Gas Authority ("SEWA"); (v) Sharjah 
Airport International Free Zone ("SAIF Zone"); (vi) the Sharjah Investment and Development Authority 
("Shurooq") and (vii) the Department of Seaports. 
Established in 1992 by H.H. The Ruler, the Financial Control Department (the "FCD") is independent from 
the main public sector structures, and is responsible for regulating and monitoring the financial activities 
of governmental bodies and departments in a capacity similar to that of an internal auditor, along with 
companies with direct or indirect government ownership of 20 per cent. or more. The FCD produces 
quarterly and annual reports which are presented to H.H. The Ruler. 
The Government has adopted a strategy for its economy which is intended to complement the economic 
growth in other emirates such as Abu Dhabi and Dubai. There is a notable focus on citizen welfare and 
enrichment, with particular emphasis on the preservation and celebration of Islamic heritage and culture, 
and on education. The Government has created one of the most prestigious higher education campuses in 
"University City", which is still expanding with a new Islamic university, Al Qasimia University, having 
been officially opened in April 2015. The Emirate's tourism offering centres on its cultural offering, with 
religious and archaeological sites as well as over 20 museums, which culminated in the recognition of 
Sharjah as the Capital of Islamic Culture for 2014 by the Islamic Organization for Education, Science and 
Culture (ISESCO), the Capital of Arab Tourism for 2015 by the Arab Council of Tourism Ministers and as 
the World Book Capital for 2019 by UNESCO. The Government has sought to ensure the provision of 
high-quality healthcare, environmental improvement and employment opportunities for Sharjah citizens, 
with the Human Resources Department (a centralised department of the Government) placing citizens into 
public sector employment since 2005. 
As for economic development, Sharjah differs from some other GCC states in that the Government seeks 
to limit its direct participation in the economy and instead focus on creating a favourable business 
environment, attracting inward investment, expanding infrastructure to foster future growth and leveraging

--- Page 55 ---
- 41 - 
 
 
cultural heritage to economic advantage. As such, Sharjah has a private sector-driven economy, 
characterised by a large number of smaller companies. The Government created an Economic Department 
in 1981, subsequently merged in 1999 with the Industrial Development Department to create the Sharjah 
Economic Development Department (the "SEDD") to create a legal and regulatory environment conducive 
to business success and aimed at attracting foreign and domestic investment. SEDD's role includes working 
with the private sector to review areas such as improving efficiency in the public sector, expanding the 
scope of private ownership, increasing the pace of economic growth and easing the shift towards an open 
market economy. SEDD's strategy focuses on providing modern, streamlined services and regulation to 
businesses, with a particular focus on e-government, efficient licensing and fair and proportionate 
regulation and inspection. 
To further encourage economic development, the Government also created Shurooq in 2009 with the 
objective of attracting foreign direct investment in the Emirate (see further "The Economy of Sharjah — 
Foreign Direct Investment and Free Zones" below). 
The Government's fiscal stance is guided by the principle of only borrowing for capital investment (while 
allowing for fluctuations over an economic cycle). Despite the economic challenges of the past decade and 
its significant investment in expansion projects and infrastructure, the Government's approach has led to 
public debt as a proportion of GDP remaining relatively low in comparison to the Emirate's peers. The 
Government also established the Debt Management Office (the "DMO") in 2012 to coordinate borrowing 
activity in the public sector (for further detail, see "Indebtedness"). 
The Government's Economic Strategy 
Promoting Long-Term Sustainability 
The Government's economic strategy is focused on sustainable development, i.e. growing the economy in 
a manner that is socially beneficial, that can be maintained on a long-term basis and that protects the natural 
environment of the Emirate. The Government considers this crucial to the long-term prosperity of the 
Emirate. 
The Government's strategy has also been designed to ensure the Emirate's continued resilience to short- and 
medium-term economic shocks. The UAE economy is in a period of relative uncertainty and heightened 
financial and macro risk, primarily arising from lower global prices for hydrocarbons. Meanwhile, 
geopolitical risks have evolved significantly and present new considerations (see "Risk Factors — Risks 
relating to Sharjah and the UAE "). In this environment, the Government's focus on sustainable long-term 
development provides resilience through the Emirate's: 
• 
relatively low reliance on volatile sectors (real estate, hydrocarbons) for economic activity and 
Government revenues; 
• 
well established concentrations of economic activity in more stable sectors; 
• 
high-quality infrastructure and public services; 
• 
low commercial exposure to volatile sectors through government-related entities ("GREs") and 
investments; 
• 
diverse sources of revenue and ability to reduce expenditure (if necessary); and 
• 
low Government and GRE debt levels. 
Focus Areas for Development 
The Government envisages that sustainable economic growth will be determined by its success in fostering 
the development of the following areas of the economy and society of Sharjah: 
Real Estate and Urban Planning 
The Government has set out an "urban masterplan", focusing on alleviating traffic and reducing urban 
pollution within the Emirate as well as creating new residential areas to accommodate the expected 
population growth that will come with sustained economic prosperity. Key components of this masterplan 
include:

--- Page 56 ---
- 42 - 
 
 
• 
relocating inner city industrial areas to create new zones on the periphery of the city with better 
infrastructure access, such as Souq Al Haraj new and used car trading zone, Al Sajaa Industrial 
Oasis, Emirates Industrial City and Al Hanoo Industrial City; 
• 
expanding the Hamriyah Free Zone and its transport links to highway E311; 
• 
developing new residential districts through traditional zonal development in areas such as 
Rahmania, and more heavily masterplanned developments such as Al Zahia and Tilal City; and 
• 
undertaking major, coordinated real estate developments in prime locations in the Dubai corridor. 
See further "The Economy of Sharjah — Principal Sectors of the Economy" below. 
Logistics and Infrastructure 
Infrastructure development is considered to be a key enabler for the Emirate's future expansion, economic 
growth and social connectivity. Sharjah is well connected to the other emirates through a series of parallel 
major multi-lane highways, has comprehensive telecommunication facilities and offers three significant sea 
ports. The Emirate is also the location of the UAE's third-largest airport, Sharjah International Airport 
("SIA"), and is adjacent to the world's busiest airport, Dubai International Airport. Several key 
infrastructure developments are under way, including the expansion of SIA and road links (see "The 
Economy of Sharjah — Infrastructure"). 
Tourism 
One of the key aims of the Government's economic strategy is to solidify the Emirate's position as an ideal 
family tourism destination and cultural hub in the GCC region. Notwithstanding the possible challenges 
arising from any extended impact from COVID-19, the Government has been aiming to attract 10 million 
visitors annually to the Emirate by 2021, increasing from a total of 7,671,902 visitors in 2019, which 
included 1.0 million hotel guests, 3.5 million visitors to Sharjah Expo, 1.0 million museum visitors and 1.4 
million event attendees. In recognition of the Government's achievements to date, the Emirate was named 
the "2015 Capital of Arab Tourism" by the Arab Council of Tourism Ministers. 
Sharjah hosts several well-known and popular annual events including the Sharjah International Book Fair, 
Sharjah Light Festival, Sharjah Water Festival and Sharjah Heritage Days. Moreover, Shurooq undertakes 
joint venture developments with private sector partners to promote the growth of tourism and tourism 
related commercial activity in the Emirate through the development of world-class tourism facilities and 
investment in, among other things, tourism-related projects. For a summary of recent projects, see "The 
Economy of Sharjah — Principal Sectors of the Economy — Social Accommodation and Food Service" 
below. 
The UN Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization ("UNESCO") named Sharjah as World Book 
Capital in 2019, under its World Book Capital programme, an initiative launched in 1996 that seeks to 
promote publishing activities on local and global levels by nominating an annual capital. The programme 
aims to promote peace, cultural enrichment, and intercultural dialogue through education, communication 
and the sharing of information. The House of Wisdom, a 12,000m2 physical and digital library and cultural 
space located adjacent to Sharjah's University City opened in December 2020, is a lasting monument to the 
World Book Capital accolade. 
Education 
The development of the Emirate's education system has been a key priority for the Government, which has 
led to significant investments in human capital, founded on the belief that an educated population is vital 
to the long-term growth of the Emirate's economy. 
The Emirate is aiming to establish itself as a regional centre for educational excellence and, in order to 
achieve this, the Government has invested significantly in this area in recent years. For a summary of such 
investment, see "The Economy of Sharjah — Infrastructure — Education" below. 
Energy and Environment 
The Government regulates and monitors, among other things, the management, operation and maintenance 
of the Emirate's electricity and water assets and facilities to ensure that present and future consumer

--- Page 57 ---
- 43 - 
 
 
demands for water and power services are properly met through sustainable planning and development, and 
to ensure that local water and electricity projects are managed and operated in line with international best 
practices and applicable environmental laws. 
The UAE's Energy Strategy 2050, aims to reduce the UAE's carbon footprint, increase the use of clean 
energy and increase consumption efficiency. The UAE seeks to become a global hub of the new green 
economy, allowing it to integrate sustainability principles with long-term economic growth. Additionally 
the UAE is emerging as a regional leader in renewable energy, particularly solar energy and is also focused 
on developing blue and green hydrogen as the fuel of the future. Sustainability is also at the heart of the 
vision of the Sharjah Electricity, Water and Gas Authority ("SEWA"), as demonstrated by the 
implementation of: 
• 
a drive for energy efficiency, with SEWA encouraging all customers to cut power consumption by 
30 per cent.; 
• 
investment in network efficiency to cut power leakage; 
• 
higher fuel standards benefiting local air quality as well as boosting operational performance; and 
• 
the revision of electricity and water tariffs in order to incentivise energy conservation. 
SEWA is also empowered to establish clean energy companies and to enter into joint ventures with 
companies in the field of renewable and alternative energy. 
For further detail, see "The Economy of Sharjah — Infrastructure — Utilities" below. 
Health 
Although public healthcare for UAE nationals is a Federal responsibility, the Government sees an important 
role in encouraging development of the private healthcare sector in the Emirate, as part of a broader strategy 
to enhance public health among all residents. In 2012, the Government established the Sharjah Healthcare 
City free zone, designed to capitalise on regional demand for high-quality health services and to attract 
investment from experienced healthcare providers from the UAE and overseas. 
In recognition of the Government's efforts and achievements in developing public health policy in the 
Emirate, in September 2015, Sharjah City was designated as the Middle East's first Healthy City by the 
WHO. According to the WHO, a Healthy City is one that "continually creates and improves its physical 
and social environments and expands the community resources that enable people to mutually support each 
other in performing all the functions of life, and developing to their maximum potential". The Emirate met 
88 per cent. of the accreditation criteria in September 2015, surpassing the 80 per cent. qualifying threshold 
set by the WHO. 
Ratings 
On 20 April 2021, S&P affirmed the long- and short-term foreign and local currency sovereign credit rating 
of Sharjah at BBB- and A-3 respectively, with a stable outlook. The rating had been at this level since 23 
October 2020. The investment-grade rating reflects Sharjah's relatively diverse economy, with high wealth 
levels and low external financing risk, balanced against nascent political institutions and a weak fiscal 
position relative to peers in the same rating category and limited monetary flexibility. S&P expect that, 
while the government deficit widened during 2020 as a result of economic contraction, spending 
moderation in future years should slow the pace of debt accumulation in their forecast period. The stable 
outlook reflects S&P's expectation that, despite Sharjah's large fiscal deficits, net general government debt 
will remain below 60 per cent. of GDP through 2024. 
On 11 February 2021, Moody's downgraded the long-term foreign and local currency issuer rating of 
Sharjah from Baa2 to Baa3 and changed the outlook on the issuer ratings from stable to negative. According 
to Moody's, Sharjah's investment-grade rating is supported by high per-capita income, a relatively 
diversified economy and the emirate's membership in the UAE, balanced against a narrow revenue base, 
limited fiscal policy effectiveness and a rising government debt burden, accelerated by the economic effects 
of COVID-19. Moody's stated that the reason for the change in Sharjah's rating was driven by Moody's 
expectation of a sharp deterioration in Sharjah's fiscal strength. The negative outlook captures the risk that 
the government's debt burden and its interest bill could might rise further than Moody's current expect.

--- Page 58 ---
- 44 - 
 
 
Business Address 
The address of the Finance Department of Sharjah is Al Layyeh Suburb, P.O. Box 201 Sharjah, United 
Arab Emirates, and its telephone number is: +971 6 528 8880.

--- Page 59 ---
- 45 - 
 
 
THE ECONOMY OF SHARJAH 
Introduction 
Sharjah has a diverse economy, best known for its strength in industry and manufacturing. The economy 
of Sharjah benefits from Sharjah's membership of the UAE and its political and macroeconomic stability, 
its advantageous geographic location, its transport and logistical infrastructure, long-established economic 
clusters in economic free zones and industrial areas, broad-based economic development driven by small 
and medium-sized enterprises ("SMEs") and the private sector, relatively low costs of doing business, an 
increasingly well-educated local workforce and the Government's financial robustness. 
A founding member of the UAE, Sharjah benefits from the prevailing global view of the country as a stable 
and tolerant location that is open to trade, tourism and international business. It also benefits from the UAE's 
strong macroeconomic position and spending by the Federal Government on a range of key government 
functions, largely funded by fiscal transfers from the Government of Abu Dhabi. Within the UAE, Sharjah 
is unique in bordering all six other emirates and in holding seaboards on the country's west and east coasts. 
This central location has been exploited through the development of an extensive network of highways, 
container ports on both coasts and a growing international airport. 
In contrast to some states/countries in the GCC, the Government is not extensively involved directly in the 
major commercial sectors of the economy. It has minority shareholdings in some strategic enterprises and 
directly operates critical infrastructure, but otherwise seeks to encourage the private sector to lead economic 
growth. Clusters of specialisation have developed around the Emirate's 19 industrial areas and two 
established free zones, with many businesses growing up from the large number of SMEs, and the 
Government envisages future development in sectors such as tourism, healthcare, environmental industries, 
logistics and education. Economic activity and growth have been spread broadly across economic sectors, 
and the economy remains well diversified. Businesses are attracted to Sharjah because of the relatively low 
cost of property and labour and the absence of general corporate or personal income tax (excluding a levy 
on foreign banks and oil-extracting companies). 
Gross Domestic Product 
Sharjah's GDP was relatively resilient to swings in the macroeconomic cycle in recent years, including the 
2008 global financial crisis (with nominal GDP falling in 2009 and subsequently returning to growth in 
2010) and the fall in commodity prices in 2015. However, similar to most global economies, the COVID-
19 pandemic led to negative growth in 2020 in the UAE and Sharjah, with an expected return to growth in 
2021. 
This resilience was the result of the diversified nature of the Emirate's economy, relatively low public sector 
debt and relatively low dependence on and government exposure to more volatile sectors, such as 
hydrocarbons and real estate. In 2020, according to data from DSCD, the Emirate's GDP decreased (in 
nominal terms) to AED 112.6 billion as compared with AED 125.1 billion in 2019, representing a 10.1 per 
cent. decrease from 2019 in nominal terms. The wholesale and retail trade sector is the largest sector of the 
Sharjah economy, accounting for 21.7 per cent. of its GDP in 2020, followed by the manufacturing sector, 
which accounted for 17.0 per cent. of GDP in 2020. Following review and approval from the FCSA, the 
DSCD began reporting GDP data for Sharjah in 2020 for a data series starting in 2017, and the new data 
series differs from and supersedes GDP and other information for Sharjah previously reported by the FCSA. 
The UAE has one of the largest economies in the MENA region, with a nominal GDP of AED 1,546,645 
million in 2019. According to the FCSA, real GDP growth in the UAE was 2.4 per cent. in 2017, 1.2 per 
cent in 2018 and 1.7 per cent. in 2019.  
The UAE economy performed well during the first two months of 2020. However, this was followed by a 
general slowdown in major activities amid the precautionary measures related to the COVID-19 pandemic. 
The UAE government, in line with the recommendations of the World Health Organization ("WHO"), 
established partial restrictions to limit the spread of the virus, which constrained domestic economic 
activities, tourism, and consumption.  
According to the World Bank's United Arab Emirates' Economic Update published in October 2020, the 
UAE's overall GDP for the year 2020 was projected to contract by 6.3 per cent in real terms due to the 
fallout from COVID-19 and lower oil production following the revitalisation of the OPEC+ agreement. 
Over the medium term according to the IMF's Regional Economic Outlook for the Middle East and Central

--- Page 60 ---
- 46 - 
 
 
Asia published in April 2021, overall real GDP growth in the region is expected to pick up to 4.0 per cent 
in 2021 and dependent on the speed of global recovery, growth in the UAE is expected to reach 2.5 per 
cent. by 2022. It is expected that this growth will be supported by the government's mitigation and recovery 
plans, higher oil prices and production capacity, improved business sentiment and a boost from Dubai Expo 
2021. 
These forecasts may not accurately reflect the result of the global restrictions imposed aiming to slow the 
spread of COVID-19 and the decrease in oil prices in early 2020 or the subsequent increases in oil prices 
in 2021. See "Risk Factors – Risks relating to the ongoing coronavirus COVID-19." 
Sharjah's GDP per capita was estimated at AED 85,103 in 2019. 
The following table shows the UAE and Sharjah GDP and Sharjah GDP per capita for the years indicated: 
 
2017 
(2017 
compared 
to 2018 % 
change) 
2018 
(2018 
compared 
to 2019 % 
change) 
2019 
(2019 
compared 
to 2020 % 
change) 
2020 
UAE GDP (AED billion) ....................  
1,416.1 
9.5 
1,550.6 
(0.3) 
1,546.6 
- 
n/a 
Sharjah GDP (AED billion) ................  
120.6 
2.7 
123.9 
1.0 
125.1 
(10.1) 
112.6 
Sharjah per capita GDP (AED) ...........  
83,768 
2.0 
85,482 
(0.4) 
85,103 
- 
n/a 
 _______________  
Source: FCSA, DSCD, Sharjah Census (with interpolated population estimates between Census dates and assumed population growth 
rate beyond the 2015 Census date) 
Sharjah's GDP growth has been largely driven by a diverse private sector, with over 55,000 companies 
registered onshore (i.e. not in one of the free zones) by SEDD, as shown in the table below. 
 
2018 
2019 
2020 
Number of Licences ...................... 
 
59,422 
59,924 
55,711 
 _______________  
Source: SEDD. 
Principal Sectors of the Economy 
Sharjah's economy is well diversified without any single sector contributing more than 25 per cent. of GDP 
in 2020. Recent economic growth has been broad-based across multiple sectors. 
The following table sets out the contribution of each sector to the economy of Sharjah for the years 
indicated: 
 
2017 
% of 
total 
2018 
% of 
total 
2019* 
% of 
total 
2020* 
% of 
total 
 
(AED 
millions) 
% 
(AED 
millions) 
% 
(AED 
millions) 
% 
(AED 
millions) 
% 
Agriculture, Forestry and Fishing .................. 
1,458 
1.2 
1,477 
1.2 
1,500 
1.2 
1,530 
1.4 
Mining and quarrying (includes crude oil 
and natural gas) .......................................... 
5,112 
4.2 
5,423 
4.4 
5,204 
4.2 
 
3,743 
 
3.3 
Manufacturing ............................................... 
19,497 
16.2 
19,790 
16.0 
20,321 
16.2 
19,111 
17.0 
Electricity, gas and water supply; waste 
management activities................................ 
2,917 
2.4 
3,004 
2.4 
3,130 
2.5 
 
3,160 
 
2.8 
Construction .................................................. 
10,559 
8.8 
10,850 
8.8 
10,988 
8.8 
9,602 
8.5 
Wholesale and retail trade; repair of motor 
vehicles and motorcycles ........................... 
27,552 
22.8 
28,130 
22.7 
27,850 
22.3 
 
24,422 
 
21.7 
Transportation and storage ............................ 
7,122 
5.9 
7,502 
6.1 
7,527 
6.0 
5,621 
5.0 
Accommodation and food services activities  
2,760 
2.3 
2,840 
2.3 
2,799 
2.2 
2,365 
2.1 
Information and communication ................... 
994 
0.8 
1,025 
0.8 
1,040 
0.8 
965 
0.9 
Financial and insurance activities .................. 
9,516 
7.9 
9,820 
8.0 
10,105 
8.1 
9,620 
8.5 
Real estate activities ...................................... 
12,018 
10.0 
12,106 
9.8 
11,957 
9.6 
10,805 
9.6 
Professional, scientific and technical 
activities..................................................... 
6,908 
5.7 
7,190 
5.8 
7,305 
5.8 
6,721 
6.0 
Administrative and support service activities  
2,083 
1.7 
2,135 
1.7 
2,170 
1.7 
2,085 
1.9 
Public administration and defence; 
compulsory social security ......................... 
4,252 
3.5 
4,493 
3.6 
4,942 
3.9 
 
4,838 
 
4.3 
Education ...................................................... 
3,040 
2.5 
3,137 
2.5 
3,215 
2.6 
3,310 
2.9 
Human health and social work activities ....... 
1,266 
1.0 
1,310 
1.1 
1,340 
1.1 
1,201 
1.1 
Arts, recreation and other service activities ... 
2,607 
2.2 
2,725 
2.2 
2,850 
2.3 
2,601 
2.3

--- Page 61 ---
- 47 - 
 
 
 
2017 
% of 
total 
2018 
% of 
total 
2019* 
% of 
total 
2020* 
% of 
total 
 
(AED 
millions) 
% 
(AED 
millions) 
% 
(AED 
millions) 
% 
(AED 
millions) 
% 
Activities of households as employers .......... 
935 
0.8 
939 
0.8 
905 
0.7 
862 
0.8 
Total ............................................................. 
120,596 
 
123,895 
 
125,148 
 
112,563 
 
Total Non-oil ................................................ 
115,483 
 
118,472 
 
119,944 
 
108,820 
 
 _______________  
* 
Preliminary data subject to revision. 
Wholesale and retail trade 
The wholesale and retail trade sector is the largest measured sector of Sharjah's economy and contributed 
approximately 21.7 per cent. of Sharjah's nominal GDP in 2020, 22.3 per cent. in 2019 and 22.7 per cent. 
in 2018. 
The sector is primarily driven by the growth in Sharjah's economy and population as well as an increase in 
the number of new malls and the number of expatriates choosing to reside in Sharjah. Sharjah is also 
selected as a base for several wholesalers due to its attractive tax environment and connections to the MENA 
region. 
Most activity in this sector is firmly led by the private sector. Sharjah Holding, a joint venture between the 
Government and Majid Al Futtaim Properties LLC, is currently developing neighbourhood malls to service 
residential districts within Sharjah. In March 2021, Majid Al Futtaim Properties LLC opened City Centre 
Al Zahia, Sharjah's largest mall, a "super-regional" scale complex with a gross leasable area of 136,200 
square metres. 
As noted above, although most activity in this sector is led by the private sector, the Government has 
become directly involved in some projects of strategic and/or social importance, including the construction 
of a fish, meat, fruit and vegetable market in the Jubail district, consisting of a 400 unit facility at a cost of 
approximately AED 173 million. Completed in 2015, the market in the Jubail district of Sharjah City is 
exists to protect traditional local trade, enhance product quality and to attract tourists and shoppers to the 
heritage area of Sharjah City. 
In addition, the Government has relocated the used-car hub in Sharjah to a new auto mall, the Souq Al 
Haraj Auto Mall (the "Auto Mall") located on one of the outer highways, which covers an area of 420,000 
square metres, at a cost of approximately AED 268 million. The Auto Mall is intended to ensure the 
sustainability of Sharjah's large second-hand car market. 
Manufacturing 
The manufacturing sector is the second-largest measured sector of Sharjah's economy and was 17.0 per 
cent. of Sharjah's nominal GDP in 2020, 16.2 per cent. in 2019 and 16.0 per cent. in 2018. While the 
manufacturing sector is diverse and competitive, the most significant sub-sectors include cement, glass, 
petrochemicals, paint, dried food and household goods. 
Sharjah's manufacturing industries have developed in clusters centred on 19 industrial areas to the east of 
Sharjah City and on two economic free zones: (i) the Hamriyah Free Zone ("HFZ"); and (ii) the Sharjah 
Airport International Free Zone ("SAIF Zone"). The Government has allocated land for and commenced 
the development of new industrial areas along the Emirate's major outer highways, including Emirates 
International City (covering 25.3 million square metres) and Sharjah Investment Centre (covering 3.0 
million square metres), as well as a new research, technology and innovation park situated on 1.8 million 
square metres of land and established by the American University of Sharjah ("AUS") (see further "Foreign 
Direct Investment and Free Zones — Sharjah Airport International Free Zone ("SAIF Zone")" below). 
The Government continues to release land for industrial development to facilitate economic expansion. The 
Al Sajaa area, situated close to two major highways and in close proximity to Sharjah International Airport 
and Al Hamriya Port, is currently the site of significant industrial activity, including in the oil and gas and 
cement sub-sectors, and the Government (through Sharjah Asset Management LLC) has recently completed 
the first and second phases of a project to sell and lease parcels of land covering an area of 1.31 million 
square metres in Al Sajaa Industrial Oasis. The Al Sajaa Industrial Oasis comprises 353 plots for light and 
medium industrial, mixed, retail and accommodation units and plots are available for sale to UAE

--- Page 62 ---
- 48 - 
 
 
Nationals, GCC and Arab residents as freehold investments. All other residents may apply for a 100-year 
leasehold (usufruct right). 
Sharjah Cement and Industrial Development Co. (PJSC) ("SCIDC") was established in 1977 under an 
Emiri Decree issued by H.H. The Ruler and is one of Sharjah's important local manufacturers in the cement 
and building materials industry. SCIDC is a private sector company listed on the Abu Dhabi Stock 
Exchange ("ADX"). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Government held 14.8 per cent. of the shares 
in SCIDC through Sharjah Asset Management LLC and 9.09 per cent. of the shares in SCIDC through the 
Sharjah Social Security Fund (the "SSSF"). SCIDC's total comprehensive income in 2019 was AED 13,088 
million, compared to AED 17,393 million in 2018 (source: SCIDC). 
Real Estate Activities 
The real estate sector is the third-largest measured sector of Sharjah's economy and contributed 9.6 per cent. 
of Sharjah's nominal GDP in 2020, 9.6 per cent. in 2019 and 9.8 per cent. in 2018. 
Recent initiatives in the sector include the construction of the Sharjah Waterfront City by Sharjah Oasis 
Real Estate Development. The land reclamation work for the project was completed in 2016 and the 
development will, upon completion, comprise 5.6 million square metres of residential developments across 
10 islands situated around a new creek. The development is listed by the Middle East Economic Digest as 
the third-largest mixed-use development currently underway in the Middle East. 
In 2017, the privately-owned development company Arada announced the Al Jada project, a 2.2 million 
square metre master-planned mixed-use development that is intended eventually to house 70,000 residents, 
located adjacent to the University City. On 27 February 2020, Arada officially opened the first of three 
phases of the of the Madar at Al Jada project. Located in the heart of the Al Jada development, Madar Al 
Jada is a new entertainment complex containing 18 food and beverage outlets, an events hall and an 
amphitheatre for outdoor events with a maximum capacity of 50 people. Once fully completed, Madar Al 
Jada will incorporate a large range of facilities and attractions including a large public square, an immersive 
children's adventure zone, an extreme sports centre, two retail zones, and an 11-screen cinema. 
The Al Zahia development is another large residential development under construction, offering 1.3 million 
square metre mixed-use project in a joint venture partnership between the Government and Majid Al 
Futtaim Properties LLC (known as Sharjah Holding), located near SIA and the University City of Sharjah. 
The first phase of the construction of Al Zahia was completed in 2014. In September 2017, Al Zahia 
launched the Al Lilac project, with the release of 61 luxury four and five bedroom villas. In 2018, Al Zahia 
began handover of homes in the Al Narjis neighbourhood and in September 2019, the joint venture 
announced the launch of the Orchid neighbourhood. The Al Zahia development is expected to be completed 
in 2023 and it is hoped that the development will be home to more than 12,000 residents in villas, 
townhouses and apartments as well as leisure facilities and retail offerings. In another joint venture between 
the Government and the private sector, Tilal City permits property buyers to develop their own plots in a 
location adjacent to a major inter-emirate highway, choosing from a menu of approved design options. 
According to Article 4 of Law No. 5 of 2010 on Real Estate Registration in the Emirate of Sharjah, 
ownership of any real estate property in the Emirate is restricted to UAE and GCC nationals, or companies 
wholly-owned by UAE and GCC nationals. Article 4 of Law No. 5 of 2010 on Real Estate Registration 
provides for exceptions where: (i) ownership is granted by approval of H.H. The Ruler; (ii) ownership is 
obtained through heritages, according to a Shari'a notification; or (iii) ownership is obtained through the 
assignment by the owner to one of his or her relatives of first degree. 
Restrictions on foreign ownership and limited price growth in recent years meant that, although real estate 
prices in Sharjah were materially affected by the 2008 global financial crisis, there was a limited impact on 
Sharjah's economy and public finances. With most property owned by end-users or active landlords, the 
Emirate did not experience the rapid withdrawal of foreign capital that was seen elsewhere in the region. 
On 16 November 2014, H.H. The Ruler issued Executive Council Resolution No. 26 of 2014 ("Resolution 
No. 26"), which allows foreign nationals and companies owned by foreign nationals to own usufruct rights 
over vacant plots of land for a period of 100 years in Sharjah, and to register such usufruct rights with the 
Sharjah Real Estate Department. Resolution No. 26 was issued to promote investment in Sharjah, by 
opening Sharjah's real estate market to foreigners through long-term leasehold arrangements. The 
Government intends to utilise the new arrangements for foreign ownership on a very limited number of 
plots in new developments.

--- Page 63 ---
- 49 - 
 
 
According to the Real Estate Registration Department (a centralised department of the Government), in 
2020, 20,522 transactions were recorded with the value of these sales transactions amounting to AED 15.9 
billion. This is compared to sales transactions valued at AED 24.2 billion in 2019, AED 22.6 billion in 2018 
and AED 29.8 billion in 2017. Most of these transactions were conducted by GCC nationals. 
Financial and Insurance Activities 
The financial and insurance activities sector contributed 8.5 per cent. of Sharjah's nominal GDP in 2020, 
8.1 per cent. in 2019 and 8.0 per cent. in 2018. 
There are four banks incorporated in Sharjah: Bank of Sharjah ("BoS"), Invest Bank, Sharjah Islamic Bank 
("SIB") and United Arab Bank (which have two, five, 21 and seven branches, respectively, in the Emirate). 
In addition, there are 14 branches of foreign banks and 91 branches of non-Sharjah based national banks 
(or a total of 126 branches of national banks). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Government held 
17.16 per cent. of the share capital of BoS and 28.46 per cent. of the share capital of SIB through Sharjah 
Asset Management LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Finance Department. In addition, the SSSF 
holds a 9.09 per cent stake in SIB. Both BoS and SIB are listed on the ADX (for further detail on the 
financial sector, see "Monetary and Financial System — Banking and Financial Services"). 
In addition to the holdings described above, in December 2018, the Government offered to support the 
capital requirements of Invest Bank with an injection of AED 1,115 million in exchange for a 50.07 per 
cent. stake in the bank, at a purchase price of AED 0.70 per share. The proposal included a commitment to 
underwrite a subsequent rights issue by Invest Bank during 2019 with up to AED 785 million, should the 
bank require further capital during the year. The proposal was subsequently accepted by all parties and the 
initial injection was made in April 2019, giving the Government of Sharjah a 50.07 stake in Invest Bank. 
The second funding injection had not been completed as at the date of this Base Prospectus, but the 
Government remains committed to completing the second round of funding, if required. Invest Bank is 
listed on the ADX. 
Whilst viewing the Invest Bank transaction as a commercially and strategically viable investment in its own 
right, the Government has also stated that it is exploring ways to rationalise and consolidate the Emirate's 
financial services sector. 
Mining and quarrying 
The mining and quarrying sector, which includes crude oil and natural gas, contributed 4.3 per cent. to 
Sharjah's nominal GDP in 2020, 4.0 per cent. in 2019 and 4.4 per cent. in 2018. 
The sector is primarily driven by the production and supply of energy for Sharjah's residents and businesses. 
Although it produces gas and liquid petroleum gas, Sharjah is a net importer of energy and fuel. In recent 
years, international crude oil prices have experienced large fluctuations. The OPEC Reference Basket fell 
from a high monthly average price per barrel of U.S.$108 in June 2014 to a monthly average price of 
U.S.$26.50 in January 2016, subsequently recovering to U.S.$66.48 in December 2019. The OPEC 
Reference Basket prices fell significantly from U.S.$48.35 on 6 March 2020 to U.S.$34.72 on 9 March 
2020, a decrease of 28.2 per cent. On 30 March 2020, the OPEC Reference Basket price had fallen further 
to U.S.$20.09, an 18-year low and as at 30 June 2020, the OPEC Reference Basket price had risen to 
U.S.$38.22. At the beginning of 2021, the OPEC reference Basket price was U.S.$54.38 on 1 January 2021 
and rose to reach U.S.$70.22 as at 1 June 2021. (see "Risk Factors – Risk Factors Relating to Sharjah and 
the UAE — The UAE's economy is significantly affected by volatility in international oil prices and its 
economy has in the past been, and is likely in the future to continue to be, adversely affected by lengthy 
periods of low oil prices"). 
Although Sharjah is the third-largest hydrocarbon producer in the UAE, after Abu Dhabi and Dubai, this 
sector is just one of several contributors to the Emirate's economy. Total hydrocarbon production in Sharjah 
amounted to 3.5 million barrels of oil equivalent in 2020, 3.9 million barrels of oil equivalent in 2019 and 
4.2 million barrels of oil equivalent in 2018. This declining trend with respect to total hydrocarbon 
production is expected to continue. In 2020, total hydrocarbon production in Sharjah of 3.5 million barrels 
of oil equivalent comprised 13.5 billion cubic feet of natural gas, 44.9 kilotonnes of liquefied petroleum 
gas and 1.2 million barrels of condensates. In 2019, total hydrocarbon production in Sharjah of 3.9 million 
barrels of oil equivalent, comprised 15.8 billion cubic feet of natural gas, 50.8 kilotonnes of liquefied 
petroleum gas and 1.3 million barrels of condensates. In 2018, total hydrocarbon production in Sharjah of

--- Page 64 ---
- 50 - 
 
 
4.2 million barrels of oil equivalent comprised 16.8 billion cubic feet of natural gas, 50.9 kilotonnes of 
liquefied petroleum gas and 1.4 million barrels of condensates.  
All hydrocarbon production in Sharjah is overseen by the Sharjah Petroleum Council, a centralised 
department of the Government. The Sharjah National Oil Corporation ("SNOC"), which is a separate legal 
entity wholly owned by the Government, has taken over most operations on active onshore production 
facilities in Sharjah, with revenues from such facilities flowing directly to the Government. Dana Gas PJSC 
operates a small concession in the Zora field, with revenue raised indirectly by the Government through 
royalties, fees and charges. 
SNOC has embarked on several projects to expand and diversify its portfolio. SNOC has awarded an 
engineering, procurement and construction management contract to Petrofac to construct a liquified 
petroleum gas blending and truck loading facility to divert liquefied petroleum gas production to the local 
market. Petrofac International Limited employs approximately 3,000 staff based in Sharjah in a range of 
functions supporting the hydrocarbon and petrochemical industries. 
The Crescent Group was established in Sharjah in 1971 and is the MENA region's oldest privately-owned 
oil and gas company. The Crescent Group currently operates a portfolio of more than 25 diversified 
companies through its two main subsidiaries, Crescent Petroleum and Crescent Enterprises. Crescent 
Petroleum acts as a technical operator in several countries including Egypt, Pakistan, Yemen, Canada, 
Montenegro, Tunisia and Argentina. 
Sharjah based Dana Gas PJSC is the 100 per cent. operator of the Sharjah Western Offshore Concession, 
the Zora field, approximately 35 kilometres offshore from Sharjah. The production facilities include an 
offshore platform and onshore gas processing plant, where the gas is processed. The gas is sold to SEWA 
for power generation, with the associated recovered condensate being sold into the local market. Dana Gas 
PJSC is the Middle East's largest regional private sector natural gas company established in December 2005 
with a public listing on the ADX. It has exploration and production assets in Egypt, the Kurdistan region 
of Iraq and the UAE, with "2P" reserves exceeding one billion barrels of oil equivalent and average 
production of 67,050 barrels of oil equivalent in 2016. 
On 13 January 2019, the Government awarded Eni Areas A, B & C onshore Exploration Concession 
Agreements. These agreements are the result of the first International Competitive Exploration Licensing 
Round launched by SNOC in 2018 to explore and develop new hydrocarbon resources through the 
establishment of new partnerships. Concession Area A and C cover respectively an area of 437 square 
kilometres and 1,184 square kilometres. Eni will act as operator with 75 per cent. participating interest with 
SNOC as partner with a 25 per cent. stake. Concession Area B covers an area of 264 square kilometres. 
SNOC will act as operator with 50 per cent. participating interest with Eni holding 50 per cent. of stake. In 
January 2020, SNOC and Eni announced discovery of an inland gas field, "Mahani", with gas flow rates of 
up to 50 million standard cubic feet per day and associated condensates. 
Construction 
The construction sector contributed 8.5 per cent. of Sharjah's nominal GDP in 2020, 8.8 per cent in 2019 
and 2018. 
The construction sector is largely driven by activity in the private real estate market and by public projects 
to construct infrastructure and government buildings. The construction sector contribution of GDP has 
increased in order to reflect real estate demand and public sector expansion. 
Transportation and storage 
The transportation and storage sector contributed 5.0 per cent. of Sharjah's nominal GDP in 2020, 
6.0 per cent. in 2019 and 6.1 per cent. in 2018. The sector is primarily driven by the Emirate's geographic 
location (bordering all six emirates and the UAE's west and east coasts), and by the development of air and 
sea ports. 
Established in 1976, Gulftainer Company Limited is based in Sharjah and describes itself as one of the 
largest privately-owned port management and third party logistics companies in the world. The UAE 
operations of Gulftainer Company Limited include the Khorfakkan Container Terminal and Sharjah 
Container Terminal, as well as port operations and logistics in Ruwais Port in Abu Dhabi (for further details, 
see "Infrastructure — Ports" below.)

--- Page 65 ---
- 51 - 
 
 
Public Administration and Defence 
The public administration and defence sector contributed 4.3 per cent. of Sharjah's nominal GDP in 2020 
and 3.9 per cent. in 2019 and 3.6 per cent. in 2018. Some government services (including basic healthcare 
and education for UAE nationals, as well as business licensing and policing) are provided by the Federal 
Government, with the remainder provided by the Government (see "Public Finance — Relationship with 
the Federal Government"). 
Social Accommodation and Food Service 
The accommodation and food service activities sector, which includes restaurants and hotels, contributed 
2.1 per cent. of Sharjah's nominal GDP in 2020 and 2.2 per cent. in 2018 and 2.3 per cent. in 2018. 
Sharjah's restaurants and hotels currently cater to mid-range customers and are priced lower than restaurants 
and hotels in some nearby geographies. The sector has been identified by the Government as having 
particular growth potential, with a focus on complementing the existing offering with a larger number of 
luxury options. 
The following table sets out the number of Sharjah hotel rooms and number of guests for each of the years 
indicated. 
 
2016 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
Rooms ........................................................ 
9,602 
9,256 
9,663 
9,585 
6,842 
Guests (in thousands) ................................. 
1,727 
1,776 
1,739 
1,794 
1,017 
 _______________  
Source: Commerce and Tourism Development Authority. 
As at 31 December 2020, there were 63 hotels and 40 hotel apartment complexes in the Emirate, and the 
occupancy rate for hotels for the preceding year was 48 per cent. There were two new hotel establishment 
openings in 2020: the Pullman (180 rooms) and Al Khan Hotel (55 rooms). As a result of the COVID-19 
pandemic, there was a decrease in hotel guests and available rooms due to reduced tourism and restrictions 
on domestic and international travel, as well as the allocation of some rooms for quarantine purposes, such 
that out of 10,673 hotel rooms in Sharjah as at 31 December 2020, only 6,842 were operationally available. 
Sharjah's tourism proposition is firmly based on the Emirate's focus on Islamic identity, culture and 
heritage. With over 600 mosques and over 20 museums in Sharjah City, the Emirate was selected as 
"Capital of Islamic Culture" for the year 2014 by the Organisation of the Islamic Conference and as the 
"Capital of Arab Tourism" for 2015 by the Council of Arab Tourism Ministers. These honours were met 
with a series of high-profile events and the opening of new facilities promoting tourism and the Emirate's 
identity, such as the Islamic Centre, which incorporates a theatre, library, mosque and Al Qasimia Islamic 
university, new botanical gardens (focusing on the plants that feature in the Quran and other important 
religious texts), a new performance amphitheatre and shows and exhibitions. 
Other long-standing cultural events include the Sharjah International Biennial, an art exhibition hosted by 
the Department of Culture and Information since 1993, and the Sharjah International Book Fair, the world's 
fourth-largest book fair, hosted in the Sharjah Expo Centre since 1982. In recognition of its efforts to 
promote reading and literature, Sharjah has been chosen by UNESCO as the 2019 World Book Capital. 
The Sharjah Investment and Development Authority ("Shurooq") undertakes joint venture developments 
with private sector partners to promote the growth of this sector. Recent projects include a canal-side 
shopping and leisure district (the Al Qasba), a park, promenade, mosque and leisure and entertainment 
facility on the Corniche (the Al Majaz Waterfront), a landmark Flag Island, the Al Muntaza Theme Park 
and the Maraya Art Centre. Amongst other projects, Shurooq is currently working to develop the Emirate's 
first 5-star hotel resort in Khorfakkan on the east coast, in partnership with the Chedi Group, and a luxury 
heritage-themed hotel as the centrepiece of its 15 year masterplan (2010-2025) to restore the historic Heart 
of Sharjah district. 
Shurooq is engaged in strategic joint ventures and partnerships in order to improve Sharjah's ability to 
attract tourists and investors. Examples of such joint ventures include its partnerships with: (i) Eagle Hills 
to develop three major projects (Maryam Island, Kalba Waterfront and Palace Al Khan) (ii) Nakheel to 
develop a new community retail centre; and (iii) Diamond Developers to develop a mixed-used project in 
Sustainable City.

--- Page 66 ---
- 52 - 
 
 
Shurooq is also developing environmental tourism in the region with the expansion of safari lodges in 
natural reserve areas. The Kingfisher Lodge commenced operations in 2018 and is located in the Kalba 
natural reserve area. Al Badayer Oasis Lodge and Al Faya Retreat in the Mleiha area opened in 2019. 
Electricity, Gas and Water 
SEWA is 100 per cent. owned by the Government and is responsible for providing power, water and natural 
gas in the Emirate. The electricity, gas and water supply sector, which focuses on distribution to the public, 
contributed 2.8 per cent. of Sharjah's nominal GDP in 2020 and 2.5 per cent. In 2019 and 2.4 in 2018 . As 
with the mining and quarrying sector, the primary driver of activity in the electricity, gas and water supply 
sector is demand for utility services from residential, commercial and industrial areas in Sharjah. For further 
details, see "Infrastructure — Utilities" below. 
Agriculture, Forestry and Fishing 
The agricultural sector contributed 1.4 per cent. of Sharjah's nominal GDP in 2020, 1.2 per cent in 2018 
and 2017 respectively. The sector includes small-scale arable production in areas irrigated from natural 
oases and aquifers in the north and east of the Emirate, with crops such as vegetables, dates and turf. Dairy 
and poultry production also form part of the agricultural sector. 
Health and Social Work 
The health and social work sector contributed 1.1 per cent. of Sharjah's nominal GDP in 2020, 2019 and 
2018. The sector is primarily driven by activities of the Government, whether through the direct facilitation 
of social services or through the enablement of private sector delivery. The Government established the 
free zone of Sharjah Healthcare City to capitalise on regional demand for high-quality health services. The 
free zone authority provides basic infrastructure and a light-touch regulatory environment with the intention 
of attracting a wide range of healthcare providers from the UAE and from overseas. Sharjah Healthcare 
City is expected to expand the healthcare cluster, which has, in recent years, begun to develop around the 
adjacent site of University City, with the development of a teaching hospital, nursing college and dental 
college. 
Other sectors 
The Other sectors, comprised of the arts, recreation and other services sector, the education sector and the 
professional, scientific and technical activities sector, contributed 11.2 per cent., 10.7 per cent. and 10.5 per 
cent. of Sharjah's nominal GDP in 2020, in 2019 and 2018, respectively. 
The Emirate is continuing to invest in infrastructure to establish itself as a regional centre for educational 
excellence. In particular, the Government has established the University City, a 15 million square metre 
site which is home to a growing number of higher education institutions, including AUS, the University of 
Sharjah, Men's and Ladies' Colleges, Sharjah Higher Colleges of Technology, Skyline University and the 
Police Sciences Institute. The Sharjah Research Academy has also been established to serve as an umbrella 
organisation for 10 research institutes specialising in fields such as renewable energy, medical research, 
environmental research and engineering research. The Government has implemented a Research Levy of 
AED 10 on all government service fees of AED 50 or more, which will be used alongside other funding to 
support a research programme, coordinated by the AUS, aiming to make Sharjah the leading research centre 
in the region. 
Inflation 
The table below shows the levels of the General Consumer Price Index ("CPI") (together with its 
constituent elements) for Sharjah for each of the years indicated. 
Major Groups of Expenditure 
2017 
2018 
2019 
All items of consumer price index ............................................................... 
107.09 
111.88 
108.54 
Food and soft drinks ....................................................................................... 
106.26 
111.47 
108.30 
Beverages and Tobacco .................................................................................. 
120.64 
185.83 
186.15 
Textiles, clothing and Footwear ..................................................................... 
99.47 
100.40 
98.27 
Housing .......................................................................................................... 
109.89 
107.41 
99.30 
Furniture and household goods ...................................................................... 
100.95 
106.64 
105.33 
Medical care ................................................................................................... 
99.86  
100.54 
100.91 
Transportation ................................................................................................ 
103.03 
118.35 
116.20 
Communications ............................................................................................ 
98.81 
100.99 
99.99 
Recreation and Culture ................................................................................... 
102.90 
106.84 
102.31

--- Page 67 ---
- 53 - 
 
 
Major Groups of Expenditure 
2017 
2018 
2019 
Education ....................................................................................................... 
114.09 
119.74 
122.15 
Restaurants and hotels .................................................................................... 
104.72 
111.36 
112.06 
Miscellaneous goods and services .................................................................. 
114.93 
120.80 
121.23 
 _______________  
Base year 2014=100. 
Source: Federal Competitiveness and Statistics Authority 
The table below shows the CPI and the percentage change, year-on-year, of the CPI of Sharjah and of the 
UAE for each of the years indicated. 
 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
Sharjah CPI .................................................................................................... 
107.1 
111.9 
108.54 
108.22 
Sharjah CPI (percentage change, year on year) .............................................. 
2.7 
4.5 
(3.0) 
(0.3) 
UAE CPI ........................................................................................................ 
107.8 
111.1 
109.0 
106.7 
UAE CPI (percentage change, year on year) .................................................. 
1.9 
3.1 
(1.9) 
(2.1) 
 _______________  
Base year 2017=100. 
Source: Federal Competitiveness and Statistics Authority. 
Sharjah and the UAE as a whole experienced negative consumer price inflation in 2019, as the one-off 
impact of the introduction of a national value added tax at a rate of five per cent. on most consumer goods 
and services worked through the economy and supply chain. In 2020, both Sharjah and the UAE as a whole 
again saw negative consumer price inflation rates, as the economic restrictions arising from Covid-19 
depressed demand for goods and services. 
Employment and Wages 
Data from the 2015 Sharjah Census (the "2015 Census") showed that 74 per cent. of Sharjah's residents 
aged 15 or over were employed, with a further 12 per cent. being domestic workers and 3.0 per cent. being 
business owners, self-employed or students with employment. 5.3 per cent. of Sharjah's residents were full-
time students and 1.6 per cent. were retired, self-supporting or working for free. Only 3.7 per cent. of the 
resident population were unemployed. In general, expatriates are required to be employed or sponsored by 
an employed family member in order to remain in the UAE. As a result, expatriates are not entitled to 
unemployment benefits or to social services and the Government's focus is on employment for UAE 
nationals. 
The table below shows employment by category of Sharjah based nationals aged 15 or over, based on the 
results of the 2015 Census (no updated census information is currently available for Sharjah). 
 
Number 
Percentage 
Employees and domestic workers ............................................................................................ 
61,367 
59% 
Business owners, self-employed and students with employment ............................................. 
2,325 
2% 
Full-time students ..................................................................................................................... 
19,260 
19% 
Retired, self-supporting and working for free ........................................................................... 
13,638 
13% 
Unemployed ............................................................................................................................. 
7,175 
7% 
Total ........................................................................................................................................ 
103,765 
100% 
 _______________  
Source: Sharjah Census 2015. 
The 2015 Census indicated that 80 per cent. of respondents aged 15 and over were working or studying, 
whereas 13 per cent. were outside the workforce for various reasons (e.g. retirement, doing voluntary work), 
and 7 per cent. were unemployed. 
In September 1999, UAE nationals working for private companies became entitled to the same social 
security and pension benefits as those working for the Federal Government. Under the Federal 
Government's national pension and social security scheme, nationals who have contributed to the scheme 
will be eligible for retirement benefits, disability benefits and compensation on death. The General 
Authority for Pensions and Social Security, an independent entity of the Federal Government, which invests 
employer and employee contributions to fund the social security programme, was established to operate the 
scheme. Separate social security provision is made for all members of the military and the police force. 
On 2 November 2017, H.H. The Ruler issued Emiri Decree No. 70 of 2017 to establish the SSSF. The 
decree stipulates that Emirati employees working in Sharjah's government and semi-government entities,

--- Page 68 ---
- 54 - 
 
 
including companies and private sector enterprises wholly owned by the Government, will benefit from the 
pensions and retirement benefits framework established by the SSSF. 
Infrastructure 
Infrastructure development is considered to be a key component for Sharjah's future expansion, economic 
growth and social connectivity. Sharjah is well-connected to the other emirates, has good 
telecommunication facilities, and a well-established road network with large highways linking it to Abu 
Dhabi, Dubai and the northern emirates and a number of ports. Sharjah is also the location of the UAE's 
third-largest airport, SIA, and is adjacent to Dubai International Airport, the world's busiest airport. 
In 2020, the Government established a new Authority of Initiatives Implementation and Infrastructure 
Development in the Emirate of Sharjah, known as "Mubadara", to oversee selection, planning and 
implementation of non-commercial capital projects. Mubadara will also raise project-specific finance from 
various sources, whereas previously non-commercial capital projects were financed as part of the 
Government budget. In 2020, Mubadara raised an initial amount of AED 1.7 billion in term finance and 
working capital (which is reported as a negative cash balance) to fund non-commercial capital projects. 
From 2020, the Government's "Payments toward capital projects" in the table of Cash Expenditure reflects 
any direct capital expenditure payments by the Government and service payments made to Mubadara in 
respect of Mubadara's management of capital projects. 
Roads and Railways 
An extensive network of roads has been developed in Sharjah over recent decades. In 2014, the Sharjah 
Roads and Transport Authority (the "SRTA") was established to combine public transport provision and 
transport infrastructure planning within the Emirate. The SRTA is developing a strategic transport plan for 
the Emirate. The SRTA regulates a fleet of 4,893 taxis operating in Sharjah (as of 2020) and increased the 
number of intercity buses from 69 to 200 between 2016 and 2019.  
The Federal Government is responsible for building and maintaining inter-emirate highways, notably the 
Sheikh Mohammed Bin Zayed Road and the Emirates Highway on which major upgrade programmes have 
recently been completed, including widening of busy portions of the route and junction enhancements to 
create freer traffic flow. 
In 2019, the Government completed a major new highway to link Khorfakkan Port on the east coast with 
Sharjah City which includes the UAE's longest rock tunnel through the Hajar mountains. The total cost of 
the multi-year project, which was funded by the Government, was approximately AED 5 billion. 
Other projects underway for relieving traffic congestion in Sharjah City include multiple surface 
improvement, road widening and junction amendment projects. 
In December 2019, Etihad Rail awarded an AED 4.6 billion civil works and construction contract to a joint 
venture company formed by China Railway Construction Corporation and National Projects and 
Construction to link Fujairah and Khorfakkan ports to the network at the Sharjah-Dubai border. In 2015, 
stage one of the project, which extends 264 kilometres, was delivered, linking the Shah and Habshan gas 
fields in the Al Dhafra region of Abu Dhabi to the port of Ruwais on the Arabian Gulf, with a capacity of 
transferring 22,000 tons of sulphur granules daily. The second stage of the project is expected to extend 
605 kilometres from Ghuweifat on the border with Saudi Arabia to Fujairah on the east coast. Stage A will 
extend 139 kilometres, linking Ruwais with Ghuweifat, stage B, will extend 216 kilometres from Tarif to 
Seeh Shuaib, stage C, extending 94 kilometres from Jebel Ali to Sharjah and stage D, being 145 kilometres 
from Sharjah to the ports of Fujairah and Khorfakkan. Construction of the second stage of the project began 
in January 2020 and it is expected that the project will be followed by future route additions to complete 
the network. 
Ports 
Sharjah has three deep water ports, which provide access to the Indian Ocean and the Arabian Gulf and 
have a combined capacity of 4 million containers: (i) Khorfakkan Port; (ii) Hamriyah Port; and (iii) Port 
Khalid. 
Khorfakkan Port was established in 1977 and underwent a major expansion in 2010 to handle the growing 
demand for container vessels. The port has six berths with a total aggregate length of 2.0 kilometres and is

--- Page 69 ---
- 55 - 
 
 
dredged to 16.0 metres at mean low water. Khorfakkan Port is the only container port on the UAE's east 
coast, providing direct access to the Indian Ocean without passing through the Strait of Hormuz. 
Khorfakkan Port has an open yard storage facility capacity of 600,000 square metres out of a total area of 
850,000 square metres. 
Hamriyah Port, established in 1986, is located adjacent to HFZ, providing marine access for the free zone's 
industrial operators. The port, which specialises in the provision of bulk, general and project cargo services, 
is close to major international shipping lanes. It has six deep water berths, is dredged to 14 metres and has 
three specialised berths for handling petrochemical shipments. Other services include open yard and 
warehouse storage facilities. In addition, Hamriyah Port has an inner harbour with a 3.2 kilometre quay 
wall. Hamriyah Port is currently being upgraded to accommodate a new LNG receiving facility to serve 
Sharjah and the northern Emirates. 
Port Khalid in Sharjah City was established in 1976 and has three deep water berths ranging from 220 
metres to 1,000 metres in length and is dredged to 12.5 metres. Port Khalid also has 16 normal berths of 
nine metre draft. Port Khalid specialises in the provision of bulk, general and project services and provides 
open yard and warehouse storage facilities. 
Sharjah International Airport and Aviation 
SIA is the third-largest airport in the UAE and is differentiated from other airports in the region by its high 
level of freight services and its close partnership with Air Arabia, which uses SIA as its primary hub. SIA 
occupies an area of approximately 5,000 acres located to the east of Sharjah City, connected to the city and 
to other emirates by major highways. In 2014, a new 4,060 metre runway was built, at a cost of around 
AED 500 million. The table below gives the key figures for Sharjah International Airport for the years 
indicated. 
 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
Passengers (millions)............................................................................................ 
11.4 
12.0 
13.6 
4.2 
Aircraft movements (thousands) .......................................................................... 
77.6 
81.3 
86.5 
33.2 
Cargo (thousand tonnes) ....................................................................................... 
148.3 
146.3 
148.8 
99.6 
 
SIA hosted flights from 32 airlines in the year ended 31 December 2019 (including passenger and cargo 
airlines), serving over 100 destinations in both years (source: Sharjah Airport Authority). In 2020, as a 
result of the COVID-19 pandemic, Sharjah International Airport was affected by domestic and international 
restrictions on the movement of aircraft and passengers. As a result, it hosted fewer passengers, (a decrease 
of 69 per cent. from 2019) experienced fewer aircraft movements (also a decrease of 69 per cent. from 
2019) and handled fewer tonnes of Cargo (a decrease of 33 per cent. from 2019). In 2021, the UAE and 
Sharjah authorities have placed temporary restrictions on movements to and from a more limited number 
of destinations, responding to changes in the incidence and management of COVID -19 in various countries. 
While these restrictions continue to have some impact on traffic at Sharjah International Airport, the 
Government expects the effect in 2021 to be considerably less marked than in 2020. 
Sharjah has developed a niche in the sea-to-air traffic sector through the SAIF Zone where sea-to-air 
transfers can be made within six to eight hours. 
As part of the first phase of the expansion of SIA, a second runway was constructed, which became 
operational in October 2014. The second runway accommodates large new generation ICAO (International 
Civil Aviation Organization) Code F aircraft such as the Airbus A380. 
A second phase of the expansion of SIA is being planned by Sharjah Airport Authority, with the objective 
of increasing capacity through the construction of a second terminal in addition to the second runway. In 
2019, passenger movements were 13.6 million, compared to 12.0 million passenger movements in 2018. 
The planned expansion, which will resume in full once traffic returns to pre-pandemic levels, is expected 
to increase the airport's capacity to 20 million passengers per annum following completion, which is 
expected by 2023. Financing for the expansion will come from a combination of Sharjah Airport Authority's 
existing revenues and debt financing, potentially including export finance where applicable. 
Air Arabia was incorporated in 2003 as the first low-cost airline in the Middle East. Its primary hub is SIA 
and it serves over 90 destinations in the MENA region, Asia and Europe. Air Arabia has contributed to an 
increase in tourism numbers in Sharjah and the wider UAE and carried 12.0 million passengers in 2019, 
compared to 8.7 million passengers in 2018. Air Arabia is listed on the Dubai Financial Market (the 
"DFM"). The aviation industry has been impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic leading to a general

--- Page 70 ---
- 56 - 
 
 
decreased demand for air travel. As a result, Air Arabia has operated more limited services since grounding 
passenger flights in March 2020, and its ability to resume normal operations will depend on domestic and 
international restrictions on passenger movements and it is unclear when normal operations will resume. 
Telecommunications 
The UAE has well-developed, technologically-advanced telecommunications infrastructure and has high 
mobile telephone penetration. Since 1976, the majority Federal Government-owned telecommunications 
corporation, Emirates Telecommunications Corporation ("Etisalat"), has operated, maintained and 
developed the national and international fixed-line network, mobile telephony, internet access and cable 
TV services. 
In mid-2004, the Federal Government announced plans to end the monopoly of Etisalat. A regulator, the 
Telecommunications Regulatory Authority was formed to oversee the process and, in 2006, it granted a 
licence to Emirates Integrated Telecommunications Company, a new telecom provider (known in the 
market as "du") owned 39.50 per cent. by the Federal Government (through the Emirates Investment 
Authority), 20.08 per cent. by Mamoura Diversified Global Holding PJSC, 20 per cent. by Emirates 
Telecommunications and Technology Ltd. and 20.92 per cent. by the public. 
The UAE's well-developed, technologically-advanced telecommunications infrastructure and high mobile 
telephone penetration contribute to the growth of Sharjah's economy. 
Utilities 
SEWA is 100 per cent. owned by the Government and is responsible for providing power, water and natural 
gas in the Emirate. 
In 1995, H.H. The Ruler issued Emiri Decree No. 1 of 1995 establishing SEWA. SEWA regulates the 
ownership, management, operation and maintenance of electricity generation and water desalination plants, 
water rights, distribution and transport network, electricity transmission and dispatch network and other 
assets and facilities of the electricity and water sector in the Emirate. The authority also monitors the price 
of water and power services sold to consumers, in order to ensure fairness and transparency at all times, 
and that present and future consumer demand, in water and power services is properly met through 
sustainable planning and development, and that local water and electricity projects are managed and run 
consistently with international best practices and existing environmental laws. SEWA is also empowered 
to set up central cooling stations, to establish clean energy companies and to enter into joint ventures with 
companies in the field of renewable and alternative energy. 
Electricity is generated by gas and diesel fired power stations located within the Emirate. In 2020 electricity 
consumption in Sharjah was 10.8 billion KWh, down from 10.9 billion KWh in 2019 and 11.2 billion KWh 
the previous year according to data from SEWA. 
SEWA supplements locally-produced electricity through electricity purchase agreements with the Emirates 
Water and Electricity Company ("EWEC"), the water and power procuring authority falling under Abu 
Dhabi Power C through the Emirates National Grid. The total demand for electricity in Sharjah is expected 
to increase from 2,000 MW in 2013 to 4,066 MW in 2023. SEWA is planning to meet this need by 
increasing generating capacity, increasing the use of natural gas from Sharjah's own gas fields and by 
entering into additional electricity purchase agreements with the ADWEC and fuel supply arrangements, 
subject to commercial negotiations with third parties. A long-term plan has been devised to address the 
need for new capacity and to diversify fuel mix and the supplier base. SEWA's planned investment 
programme includes a 1,800 MW combined cycle gas turbine plant in Al Hamriyah, to be procured under 
the Independent Power Producer structure, with SEWA as the sole off-taker and Sharjah Asset Management 
LLC as a minority shareholder in the project consortium. As of June 2021, 80 per cent of the work at Al 
Hamriyah power plant had been completed. The first of the installed phases began trial operations in April 
2021 with main operations expected to begin in November 2021. Completion of the second phase of 
installation is expected to take place in February 2022, while the third and final phase is anticipated to be 
completed in 2023. Additionally, a 1,026 MW combined cycle gas turbine plant in Al Layyeh is being 
procured under a conventional Engineering, Procurement and Construction contract model, primarily using 
export finance with SEWA as the obligor (with no Government guarantee). SEWA is also considering 
expansion of its water desalination capacity and electricity transmission and distribution network.

--- Page 71 ---
- 57 - 
 
 
In 2020, SEWA provided 112.4 million cubic metres of natural gas to properties, extracted 2,182 million 
gallons of water from underground sources and produced 35,580 million gallons of water through 
desalination. 
Education 
The development of Sharjah's education system has been a key priority for the Emirate due to H.H. The 
Ruler's personal leadership, which has led to significant investments in human capital, founded on the 
understanding that an educated population is vital to the long-term growth of Sharjah's economy. 
The Emirate is aiming to establish itself as a regional centre for educational excellence and, in order to 
achieve this, has invested significantly in this area in recent years. In particular, the Government has 
established the University City, a 15 million square metre site which is home to a growing number of higher 
education institutions, including AUS, the University of Sharjah, Men's and Ladies' Colleges, Al Qasimi 
University, Sharjah Higher Colleges of Technology, Skyline University and the Police Sciences Institute. 
The Sharjah Research Academy has also been established to serve as an umbrella organisation for 10 
research institutes specialising in fields such as renewable energy, medical research, environmental research 
and engineering research. 
AUS is one of the few universities in the MENA region to be featured in the top 500 of the Quacquarelli 
Symonds world university rankings that evaluate the top 800 universities out of approximately 3,000 
universities that operate in the world, ranking 348th in 2021 – 7th in the Arab region.  The AUS campus 
was established in 1997 and, at present, has a total enrolment of over 5,200 students. 
In April 1997, the Government established the University of Sharjah through Emiri Decree. Since its 
establishment, the Government has opened other campuses of the University of Sharjah on the east coast 
of Sharjah to widen educational access. The university has in excess of 16,400 students and currently offers 
the largest number of accredited programmes in the UAE, with 116 academic degree programmes including 
59 bachelor's degrees, 40 master's degrees, 15 PhD degrees, and 2 associate diploma degrees. It ranks in 
the top 650 universities worldwide in the QS rankings. 
On January 2019, Government signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with Arab Academy for 
Science, Technology and Maritime Transport - Sharjah Branch, an Egypt based specialized organization of 
the Arab League, to establish AASTMT branch in Khor Fakkan, Sharjah. 
The new AASTMT branch in Sharjah will qualify graduates specialized in various maritime transport 
sciences and technologies, in addition to international transport, logistics as well as maritime law. This will 
offer state-of-the-art specialised educational programs and provide the labour market with calibres in all 
fields of the maritime industry. The university has in excess of 165 students at Sharjah branch. 
A cluster of health-related education institutes has developed in University City, including a teaching 
hospital, nursing college and dental college. These will complement Sharjah Healthcare City as an engine 
for the future sectoral growth.  
In April 2015, a new Islamic university, Al Qasimia University, was officially opened in Sharjah, as part 
of the Islamic Centre being developed to mark Sharjah's status as Capital of Islamic Culture in 2014. 
The Government has also developed a new research centre, Sharjah Research Centre, to document detailed 
information regarding the publishing world in the Middle East. Sharjah Research Centre was opened in 
2015. In January 2017, the Government implemented a Research Levy of AED 10 on all government 
service fees of AED 50 or more, which will be used alongside other funding to support a research 
programme, coordinated by the AUS, aiming to make Sharjah the leading research centre in the region. 
The AUS Research, Technology and Innovation (RTI) Park is currently being developed, adjacent to 
American University of Sharjah campus, by the university's commercial and investment arm AUS 
Enterprises. The park will encourage research, development and knowledge-intensive businesses to 
establish themselves in the free zone. 
While the Federal Government provides basic education for UAE nationals, the Government opts to 
supplement this with its own initiatives and funding in order to enhance provision. This activity is overseen 
by the Education Council, a centralised department of the Government. The Government has implemented

--- Page 72 ---
- 58 - 
 
 
a "model school" programme, providing equipment, facilities and pedagogic support according to 
international best practice, initially for a number of pilot schools, but now being rolled out more widely. 
Schooling for expatriate children is provided in the private sector, with some Sharjah schools, such as 
Victoria International School, Choueifat School and Sharjah English School, considered among the top 
education establishments in the UAE. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Ministry of Education 
and Sharjah Private Education Authority closed all public and private schools in Sharjah for in-person 
teaching on 5 March 2020, requiring all schools to implement remote learning techniques from 22 March 
2020. Private schools have been able to reopen in 2021 if they are able to demonstrate strict compliance 
with requirements for social distancing and sanitation, whereas public schools remained closed for in-
person teaching throughout the 2020/2021 academic year. 
Foreign Direct Investment and Free Zones 
Foreign Direct Investment 
A federal law on Foreign Direct Investment came into force on 23 September 2018, providing a framework 
to allow increased foreign ownership in selected sectors and setting out a process for applying for majority 
foreign ownership. This new law classifies activities into three different categories (negative, positive and 
those which do not fall into either category) and the UAE Cabinet has confirmed that it will be left to the 
discretion of the local governments at an Emirate level to decide on the percentage of foreign ownership 
for each sector and activity.  
The Sharjah Foreign Direct Investment Office recorded foreign direct investment into Sharjah from outside 
the United Arab Emirates of AED 809 million in 2020,AED 5,123 million in 2019 and AED 3,691 million 
in 2018, using the methodology of the World Bank and the United Nations Conference on Trade and 
Development. The Sharjah Foreign Direct Investment Office is also active in promoting Sharjah across the 
globe, including the major markets in India, Russia, China, United States of America, Kingdom of Saudi 
Arabia, France, Italy, and Germany. 
Shurooq 
Shurooq, the Sharjah Investment and Development Authority, was established by Emiri Decree in 2009 as 
a public authority to support the economic development of Sharjah. Its objective is to attract foreign direct 
investment opportunities into the Emirate and to reshape the perception of the Emirate amongst 
international and regional communities. 
Shurooq's main areas of activity are: (i) increasing investment into Sharjah; (ii) creating new employment 
opportunities; (iii) targeting priority sectors, markets and investors; (iv) improving the business 
environment of Sharjah; and (v) creating awareness of Sharjah as a business destination. 
Shurooq has a general mandate to attract foreign direct investment across the economy. Shurooq undertook 
a major study in 2012 to identify sectors that had high potential to attract increased levels of investment 
and to lead future economic growth in Sharjah. This study identified travel and leisure, healthcare, 
transportation and logistics, and environmental industries as key areas of focus. Shurooq has since been 
focusing investment promotion activities in these sectors, supported by Government initiatives, such as 
development of new tourist facilities (travel and leisure); the establishment of a new healthcare free zone 
(healthcare); the expansion of seaport and airport activities (transportation and logistics); and the 
elimination of landfilling of municipal waste (environmental industries). 
Shurooq also acts directly in the travel and leisure sector through developments and joint ventures (see 
"Principal Sectors of the Economy — Social Accommodation and Food Service"). These projects are 
intended as breakthrough initiatives to encourage and enable the private sector to bring forward its own 
future high-quality developments. 
Sharjah Asset Management 
Initially set up in 2008 as a division of Sharjah Finance Department, in 2012, Sharjah Asset Management 
LLC ("SAM") was established as an independent entity solely dedicated to the expansion of Sharjah's 
wealth. Its objectives are to create a competitive economy for the emirate through best-in-class investments 
and deployment of dedicated professionals to maximise returns from investments and enhance the 
economic development of Sharjah. SAM's operations cover investment, real estate development, asset

--- Page 73 ---
- 59 - 
 
 
management and new business ventures. In addition to its shareholdings in various private sector companies 
(see "Public Finance—Government Assets and Investments—Government Investments"), SAM manages 
publicly owned assets such as Souq Al Jubail fresh food market, Al Sajaa Industrial Oasis and Souq Al 
Haraj Auto Mall. It has entered into joint ventures in the real estate sector, such as Tilal Properties and 
Sharjah Holding, and the service delivery sector, including Rafid Automotive Solutions and Tasjeel vehicle 
registration service. 
Free Zones 
Free zones have been established in each of the emirates of the UAE. There are many incentives for foreign 
corporate entities to set up in one of the free zones in the UAE. Foreign corporate entities can operate in 
the free zones, and free zone incorporated entities can be 100 per cent. foreign owned unlike corporate 
entities registered in the UAE. Foreign corporate entities are not permitted to operate in the Emirate outside 
a free zone unless they operate in conjunction with a local partner. The ability to import into the free zones 
and to export without any import duties, taxes or currency restrictions being levied on the free zone entity 
has been a key driver for foreign corporate entities that are registered in the free zones. 
Free Zones in Sharjah 
The free zones in Sharjah offer 100 per cent. foreign ownership, a tax-free environment, free transfer of 
funds, competitive pricing, a one stop shop for business services and long-lease periods. The following free 
zones located in Sharjah are operational: (i) HFZ (supervised by the Hamriyah Free Zone Authority); and 
(ii) SAIF Zone (supervised by the Sharjah Airport International Free Zone Authority). Sharjah Healthcare 
City is a new free zone dedicated to Healthcare. It was established by Emiri Decree in 2012 but is not yet 
fully operational (see "Principal Sectors of the Economy — Health and Social Work"). A new media free 
zone, Shams (as defined herein), was established by Emiri Decree in 2016 to play a lead role in growing 
the Emirate's media and creative sectors, attracting entrepreneurs and startups and developing local talent. 
As part of the research programme being undertaken by the Government, the Sharjah Research, Technology 
and Innovation Park Free Zone has been established adjacent to University City, with construction on the 
basic infrastructure currently underway. This free zone is being created to develop and manage an 
ecosystem that promotes research and development, supports enterprise activities and the triple helix 
collaboration of industry, government and academia. 
Despite strong competition from other free zones, HFZ and SAIF Zone have contributed substantially to 
economic activity in Sharjah in recent years. The number of companies operating in each of HFZ and SAIF 
Zone are set out in the following table: 
 
2018 
2019 
2020 
HFZ ...................................................................................................................................... 
5.361 
5.180 
4,811 
Saif Zone .............................................................................................................................. 
6,559 
6,273 
5,618 
 
• 
Hamriyah Free Zone ("HFZ") 
o 
HFZ is located 20 kilometres north east of the centre of Sharjah City and is the second-largest 
industrial free zone in the UAE. As at 31 December 2020, there were almost 5,000 companies 
incorporated/licensed in HFZ from over 150 countries. HFZ is currently being expanded to 
provide increased space in the free zone in the maritime sector as well as the petrochemical 
and timber sectors. 
o 
Although a significant proportion of tenants in HFZ are involved in heavier and basic 
industries, due to HFZ's large land area and proximity to the ports, in practice a wide range of 
activities are conducted by companies operating in the free zone. As at 31 December 2020, 
the top five tenants in HFZ are: (i) Lamprell Energy Ltd; (ii) Quality International Co. LTD. 
FZC; (iii) Damen Shipyard Sharjah FZE; (iv) Eversendai Engineering FZE; and (v) Gulf 
Petrochem FZC. As at 31 December 2020, the key sectors of HFZ, in terms of the number of 
companies operating in the free zone, are machinery and equipment (19.0 per cent,), oil and 
gas (15.0 per cent.), electronics and IT (13.0 per cent.) and professional services (13.0 per 
cent.) 
o 
To support the SME sector, HFZ provides the Hamriyah SME Zone, a large area, established 
in 2008, supported by inner harbour facilities, which provides preferential economic treatment 
for SMEs in terms of discounted lease rents and rent holidays in applicable cases. The

--- Page 74 ---
- 60 - 
 
 
Hamriyah Free Zone Logistic Village was established to provide an all in one logistics and 
distribution centre for companies operating in HFZ, and comprises over 400 warehouse units, 
ranging from 275 to 600 square metres in size. Hamriyah MB Zone was established to cater 
for the requirements of micro business owners and offers convenient and practical business 
solutions for such business owners. 
o 
In addition to the 22 million square metres of land currently endowed to the HFZ in respect 
of the first and second phases of HFZ's development, another 4 million square metres has 
been allocated for the third phase of the HFZ's development, which is nearing completion and 
is set up for sectors such as steel, heavy engineering and allied industries. 
• 
Sharjah Airport International Free Zone ("SAIF Zone") 
o 
SAIF Zone is located adjacent to SIA, making it easily accessible by road to Sharjah's east 
and west coast seaports as well as providing connectivity by air. Established in 1995 with 35 
companies, as at 31 December 2020, SAIF Zone provided services to almost 6,000 companies 
employing over 41,000 people. 
o 
Given its location and the predominance of warehouse and office space, as compared to retail 
or industrial units, SAIF Zone has a particular focus on light to medium manufacturing, 
trading and professional services. There are also a number of business service companies 
operating from SAIF Zone who support other operators in the zone and the SIA area. For 
further details, see "Sharjah International Airport and Aviation" above. 
• 
Sharjah Media City 
o 
Sharjah Media City ("Shams") was established in January 2017, with a vision to be a world-
class hub for media and creativity in the region. Shams comprises a tax-free city with modern 
infrastructure and services. Shams' mission is to make creative entrepreneurship accessible to 
all aspiring startups, SMEs and established companies striving to grow their business both 
locally and globally. Shams offers smart innovative services, coupled with a holistic 
community-centred approach. 
o 
By 31 December 2020, 6,992 companies had registered. 
• 
Sharjah Publishing City 
o 
Sharjah Publishing City is a centrally located and easily accessible free zone located seven 
minutes from Sharjah International Airport and 15 minutes from Dubai International Airport, 
with access to over 40 trading ports on Sheikh Bin Zayed Road. As a multifaceted business 
licensing organisation, Sharjah Publishing City provides business friendly legislation, 
business support services and offers entrepreneurs the expertise, knowhow, and tools to 
successfully and seamlessly set up businesses in the UAE, operating out of Sharjah.

--- Page 75 ---
- 61 - 
 
 
BALANCE OF PAYMENTS AND FOREIGN TRADE 
As Sharjah does not prepare separate balance of payment statistics, this section describes the UAE's balance 
of payments generally. 
The UAE has traditionally pursued a free-trade policy for deeper integration into the global trading system. 
The UAE pursues a free-trade policy by liberalising its trade regime through free-trade agreements 
("FTAs") with other countries and organisations. Being a member of the GCC, the UAE's trade policy is 
closely linked to the trade policy of the other GCC member countries on account of, amongst other things, 
the GCC Economic Agreement of 2002, which calls for a "collective negotiation strategy" in the conduct 
of FTAs with major trading partners, and the establishment of the GCC Customs Union in 2003, which was 
aimed at enhancing economic unity amongst the member states and allowing the member states to engage 
in FTA negotiations as a unified trading bloc. 
Balance of Payments 
Since there are no separate figures on the current and capital account for Sharjah, the table below gives the 
balance of payments for the UAE for each of the years indicated. 
 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020* 
 
(AED billions) 
Current account balance ....................................  
101.0 
148.7 
137.1 
77.1 
Trade balance (FOB) ............................................  
246.9 
314.6 
295.5 
228.9 
Total exports of hydrocarbon ...............................  
213.5 
247.2 
220.8 
140.9 
Total of non-hydrocarbon exports ........................  
391.5 
410.6 
415.0 
394.5 
Re-exports(1) .........................................................  
546.5 
521.2 
516.6 
467.6 
Total exports and re-exports (FOB) ......................  
1,151.5 
1,179.0 
1,152.4 
1,003.0 
Total imports (FOB) .............................................  
(904.7) 
(864.4) 
(856.9) 
(774.1) 
Services (net)........................................................  
(4.8) 
(1.8) 
7.6 
9.6 
Investment income (net) .......................................  
10.2 
5.2 
7.6 
(1.7) 
Transfers (net) ......................................................  
(151.3) 
(169.3) 
(173.6) 
(159.7) 
Financial account ...............................................  
(62.6) 
(126.9) 
(90.4) 
(78.5) 
Errors and omissions ............................................  
(2.0) 
(8.9) 
(11.3) 
(12.2) 
Overall balance ................................................... 
36.4 
13.0 
35.7 
(13.1) 
 _______________  
* 
Preliminary data subject to revision 
(1) Includes re-exports of non-monetary gold. 
Source: UAE Central Bank Annual Reports 2018, 2019 and 2020. 
The UAE has a long history of positive trade balances reflecting the importance of its hydrocarbon exports, 
its more recent successful diversification into other export industries and its significant volumes of re-
exports. From total exports and re-exports, the UAE's hydrocarbon exports accounted for 18.5 per cent. in 
2017, 21.0 per cent. in 2018, 19.2 per cent. in 2019 and 14.0 per cent. in 2020. The UAE's re-exports 
accounted for 47.5 per cent. of the total exports and re-exports in 2017, 44.2 per cent. in 2018 and 44.8 per 
cent. in 2019 and 46.6 per cent. in 2020. 
The value of the UAE's hydrocarbon exports, the vast majority of which are made by Abu Dhabi, can be 
volatile as they depend on prevailing oil prices and the prevailing OPEC production quotas policy. Crude 
oil makes up the largest part of the UAE's hydrocarbon exports, accounting for 48.5 per cent. in 2020. 
Data on non-trade flows into and out of the UAE is not complete and is routinely subject to revision, 
reflecting, in part, weaknesses of the central statistical bodies and, in part, the operations of the large free 
zones. In general, however, the UAE tends to have a non-trade balance deficit reflecting services outflows 
underlining the UAE's dependence on foreign services for the development of its industrial and services 
sectors. In addition, there are significant levels of current transfers principally reflecting expatriate workers' 
remittances. 
The UAE had a positive current account balance in each of 2017, 2018, 2019 and 2020 (based on 
preliminary estimates subject to revision) equal to 7.3 per cent., 9.8 per cent. 8.9 per cent. and  5.9 per cent. 
respectively, of the UAE's nominal GDP in each of these years. The reduction in the current account surplus 
in 2020 reflected lower overall volumes of global trade, as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, affecting 
both import and export levels, and particularly a lower value of hydrocarbon exports from the UAE. 
The UAE participates in the Article IV consultation process with the IMF. In November 2019, the IMF 
completed the UAE 2019 Article IV Consultation, which highlighted that economic activity  was

--- Page 76 ---
- 62 - 
 
 
considered to be recovering and likely to pick up more momentum in 2020, helped by Expo 2020 and 
existing fiscal stimulus. It was noted in the consultation that sustaining growth momentum over the medium 
term and further diversifying the economy should remain key priorities, with government bodies fostering 
growth of the non-oil private sector, including SMEs, and developing transparent, rules-based fiscal 
frameworks. 
The 2019 IMF Article IV Consultation noted the positive impact expected from Expo 2020 Dubai. 
However, as a result of the COVID-19 outbreak and the corresponding restrictions imposed on travel, on 
30 March 2020, Expo 2020 Dubai's steering committee entered discussions with the Bureau International 
des Expositions ("BIE") to potentially delay Expo 2020 Dubai by one year (see "Risk Factors - Risks 
relating to the ongoing coronavirus COVID-19"). Following a vote of the BIE's member states, on 29 May 
2020, the BIE General Assembly approved the postponement of Expo 2020 Dubai and as a result the dates 
of Expo 2020 Dubai have officially been changed to 1 October 2021 – 31 March 2022, although the event 
will keep the name Expo 2020 Dubai. 
Since 1 June 2014, the UAE has been included in MSCI Inc.'s ("MSCI") Emerging Markets Index which 
captures large and mid-cap representation across 26 emerging market countries. The MSCI Emerging 
Markets Index is based on the MSCI Global Investable Indexed Methodology – a comprehensive and 
consistent approach to index construction that allows for meaningful global views and cross regional 
comparisons across all market capitalisation size, sector and style segments and combinations. With 21 
constituents, the index covers approximately 85 per cent. of the UAE equity universe. 
Capital Account 
No data has been released on the UAE's external debt position. See "Indebtedness" for a description of 
direct indebtedness incurred by the Government. In general, the size of the UAE's trade and current account 
surpluses, coupled with the limited capacity of the local economy to absorb capital, ensures that net foreign 
capital flows have almost always been outward, entrenching the UAE's position as a net international 
creditor and foreign investor. 
Most capital outflows have been directed towards the U.S. and European capital markets although more 
recently there has also been an increase in direct investment in Europe, Asia, Africa and the wider Middle 
East. This has included entities wholly or partially owned by the governments of certain emirates 
purchasing significant stakes in foreign companies as well as major corporations, such as Emirates 
Telecommunications Corporation (Etisalat), making significant acquisitions in order to boost their regional 
and international presence. 
In 2017, 2018, 2019 and 2020 the net deficit in the financial account was AED 62.6 billion, AED 126.9 
billion, AED 90.4 billion and AED 78.5 billion respectively. Capital transfers by the private sector 
increased from an outflow of AED 129.3 billion in 2017, to an outflow of AED 140.7 billion in 2018 and  
to an outflow of AED 139.6 billion in 2019 but decreased to an outflow of AED 127.7 billion in 2020. 
Public sector net transfers abroad increased from AED 22.0 billion in 2017 to AED 28.6 billion in 2018 to 
AED 34.0 billion in 2019 and to AED 32.0 billion in 2020. (source: UAE Central Bank). 
In 2020, the overall balance of payments registered a deficit of AED 13.1 billion, equal to 1.0 per cent. of 
the UAE's nominal GDP in that year. 
According to data from the UAE Central Bank, as at 31 December 2017, 31 December 2018 , 31 December 
2019 and 31 December 2020, the UAE's foreign asset holdings (including the IMF) amounted to AED 
350.3 billion, AED 362.5 billion, AED 394.7 billion and AED 388.1 billion respectively (see "Monetary 
and Financial System — Foreign Reserves"). 
The surplus in the trade balance (FOB) increased from AED 246.9 billion in 2017 to AED 314.6 billion in 
2018, subsequently decreased to AED 295.5 billion in 2019 and further decreased to AED 228.9 in 2020 
whilst total exports and re-exports (FOB) increased from AED 1,151.5 billion in 2017 to AED 1,179.0 
billion in 2018, then subsequently decreased to AED 1,152.4 billion in 2019 and further decreased to AED 
1,003.0 in 2020. The reduction in the surplus in the trade balance (FOB) in 2020 related to the lower value 
of exported hydrocarbons of all categories, compared with 2019.

--- Page 77 ---
- 63 - 
 
 
Composition of UAE Foreign Trade 
The Government has not published data for the imports and exports of Sharjah since 2014, owing to 
methodological challenges. The section below summarises the UAE's foreign trade, using information 
compiled by the FCSA. Differences in reporting objectives and methodology mean that the aggregated 
trade data from the FCSA may not match with the trade totals published by the UAE Central Bank. 
Top UAE export destinations, percentage of total non-oil exports based on value 
2018 
2019 
2020*  
Switzerland .....................................................................................................................  
3.9% 
9.0% 
14.1% 
Saudi Arabia ....................................................................................................................  
15.3% 
13.4% 
9.5% 
Turkey .............................................................................................................................  
5.2% 
3.8% 
7.7% 
India ................................................................................................................................  
8.7% 
10.4% 
7.1% 
Hong Kong ......................................................................................................................  
1.0% 
1.4% 
6.9% 
Italy .................................................................................................................................  
0.9% 
0.7% 
6.0% 
Oman ...............................................................................................................................  
8.4% 
7.0% 
5.2% 
China ...............................................................................................................................  
2.5% 
3.6% 
3.4% 
Iraq ..................................................................................................................................  
4.4% 
4.0% 
3.3% 
Kuwait .............................................................................................................................  
5.1% 
4.3% 
2.6% 
 
 
Top sources of UAE imports, percentage of total imports based on value 
2018 
2019 
2020* 
China ............................................................................................................................... 
15.5% 
16.4% 
17.9% 
United States Of America................................................................................................ 
8.5% 
8.0% 
8.2% 
India ................................................................................................................................ 
9.4% 
10.7% 
7.9% 
Japan ............................................................................................................................... 
5.6% 
5.1% 
4.5% 
Guinea ............................................................................................................................. 
0.9% 
1.0% 
3.7% 
Germany .......................................................................................................................... 
4.5% 
4.0% 
3.5% 
Saudi Arabia .................................................................................................................... 
3.1% 
2.8% 
3.0% 
United Kingdom .............................................................................................................. 
3.1% 
2.9% 
2.8% 
Vietnam ........................................................................................................................... 
3.1% 
2.9% 
2.8% 
Italy ................................................................................................................................. 
2.7% 
2.6% 
2.5% 
France.............................................................................................................................. 
2.7% 
2.7% 
2.1% 
 
 
 
 
Top categories of UAE non-oil exports, percentage of total exports based on value 
2018 
2019 
2020* 
Pearls, Stones, Precious Metals and Its Articles ..............................................................  
31.0% 
32.9% 
46.0% 
Base Metals and Articles of Base Metal ..........................................................................  
24.0% 
21.0% 
15.3% 
Foodstuffs, Beverages, Spirits and Tobacco ....................................................................  
9.6% 
9.4% 
9.2% 
Plastics, Rubber and Articles Thereof .............................................................................  
7.7% 
7.5% 
7.2% 
Mineral Products .............................................................................................................  
5.2% 
9.3% 
4.9% 
Machinery, Sound Recorders, Reproducers and Parts .....................................................  
5.4% 
5.3% 
4.6% 
Products of The Chemical or Allied Industries ................................................................  
4.8% 
4.8% 
4.1% 
Pulp of Wood, Waste, Scrap and Articles of Paper .........................................................  
2.3% 
1.9% 
2.0% 
Vegetable Products 
1.2% 
1.2% 
1.3% 
Articles of Stone, Mica; Ceramic Products and Glass .....................................................  
1.8% 
1.5% 
1.2% 
 
Top categories of UAE non-oil re-exports, percentage of total re-exports based on 
value 
2018 
2019 
2020* 
Machinery, Sound Recorders, Reproducers and Parts ......................................................  
35.7% 
36.8% 
40.2% 
Vehicles of Transport .......................................................................................................  
14.1% 
12.0% 
19.5% 
Pearls, Stones, Precious Metals and Its Articles ...............................................................  
24.2% 
21.8% 
11.6% 
Products of The Chemical or Allied Industries .................................................................  
4.6% 
4.5% 
5.2% 
Mineral Products ..............................................................................................................  
2.4% 
5.5% 
4.3% 
Textiles and Textile Articles ............................................................................................  
3.3% 
3.2% 
2.9% 
Plastics, Rubber and Articles Thereof ..............................................................................  
2.2% 
2.4% 
2.7% 
Photographic, Medical, Musical Instruments & Parts.......................................................  
2.6% 
2.6% 
2.5% 
Base Metals and Articles of Base Metal ...........................................................................  
2.6% 
2.8% 
2.3% 
Foodstuffs, Beverages, Spirits and Tobacco .....................................................................  
2.2% 
1.9% 
2.1% 
 
Top categories of UAE imports, percentage of total imports based on value 
2018 
2019 
2020* 
Machinery, Sound Recorders, Reproducers and Parts ........................................................  
25.7% 
26.0% 
28.0% 
Pearls, Stones, Precious Metals and Its Articles .................................................................  
22.1% 
23.5% 
23.5% 
Vehicles of Transport .........................................................................................................  
11.5% 
9.9% 
8.5% 
Products of The Chemical or Allied Industries ...................................................................  
6.0% 
6.3% 
6.5% 
Base Metals and Articles of Base Metal .............................................................................  
7.0% 
6.0% 
6.3% 
Mineral Products ................................................................................................................  
6.9% 
7.2% 
6.1% 
Vegetable Products .............................................................................................................  
2.5% 
2.5% 
3.1% 
Food, Beverages, Spirits & Tobacco ..................................................................................  
2.8% 
2.6% 
2.9% 
Textiles and Textile Articles ..............................................................................................  
2.9% 
2.8% 
2.8% 
Plastics, Rubber and Articles Thereof ................................................................................  
2.7% 
2.6% 
2.8%

--- Page 78 ---
- 64 - 
 
 
 _______________  
* 
Reflects first nine months of 2020 
Source: FCSA 
Sharjah Foreign Trade 
External trade continues to be a significant contributor to the Sharjah economy. As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, efforts are underway to boost the export of Sharjah's manufactured products by implementing 
investor-friendly policies including zero corporate taxation, zero export taxation, low import duties and free 
currency transfers. In general terms, Sharjah is a large producer of goods and materials used in 
manufacturing, construction and industrial activity across the UAE, the Gulf region and its wider trading 
zone, extending to the Indian subcontinent, the Levant region, north Africa and east Africa. Major private-
sector exporters operate in economic sub-sectors such as oil platform construction, downstream 
hydrocarbons and petrochemicals, steel manufacture and shipbuilding. Sharjah also hosts a large amount 
of re-export trade, centered on its free zones, which builds on its ready access to important shipping lanes 
and Sharjah International Airport. As in the rest of the UAE, many consumer goods are imported into 
Sharjah, either directly through Sharjah ports or by road transit after arriving at other locations. As at the 
date of this Base Prospectus, detailed foreign trade statistical data for Sharjah is not available from 2015 
onwards.

--- Page 79 ---
- 65 - 
 
 
MONETARY AND FINANCIAL SYSTEM 
As Sharjah does not have a separate monetary or financial system, this section describes the UAE's 
monetary and financial system generally, although certain sections focus specifically on Sharjah where 
information is available. 
Monetary and Exchange Rate Policy 
The UAE's monetary and exchange rate policy is managed by the UAE Central Bank. The predecessor of 
the Central Bank was the Currency Board which was established as per Union Law No. (2) of 1973. The 
Currency Board issued the UAE Dirham which replaced the Bahraini Dinar and the Qatari and Dubai Riyal 
currencies which were in use at the time. The Union Law No (10) of 1980 saw the establishment of the 
UAE Central Bank as a public institution and also augmented its functions. The UAE Central Bank 
promotes financial and monetary stability, efficiency and resilience in the financial system and the 
protection of consumers through effective supervision intended to support economic growth for the benefit 
of the UAE and its people. It has powers to issue and manage the currency, manage the UAE's credit policy, 
develop and manage the banking system in the UAE and act as the UAE's representative to international 
institutions such as the International Monetary Fund, the World Bank and the Arab Monetary Fund. 
The objective of the UAE's monetary policy is to facilitate the fixed exchange rate regime and maintaining 
a stable and convertible currency is a key policy objective. In common with most GCC countries, and 
reflecting the fact that oil and gas revenues are largely priced in U.S. Dollars, the UAE Dirham is pegged 
to the U.S. Dollar. In the case of the UAE, the exchange rate has been maintained at AED 3.6725 = 
U.S.$1.00 since 22 November 1980. There are no exchange controls in the UAE and the UAE Dirham is 
freely convertible. 
The UAE's monetary policy has focused on protecting its banking sector and a number of measures have 
been announced by the UAE Central Bank and Federal authorities in this regard. 
During 2020, the UAE Central Bank endorsed a new dirham monetary framework to advance its monetary 
policy. Steps taken under the new framework include: 
• 
a new Overnight Deposit Facility ("ODF") for UAE banks, which is now the prime facility for 
managing surplus liquidity in the UAE banking sector replacing one-week certificates of deposit. After 
the introduction of the ODF, the UAE Central Bank's monetary policy is now signalled through the 
ODF interest rate – the UAE Central Bank's main policy rate. This base rate, which is anchored to the 
US Federal Reserve's Interest on Excess Reserves, also provides the effective interest rate floor for 
overnight money market rates. The ODF supports banks operating in the UAE to proactively manage 
their day-to-day liquidity by aligning overnight money market rates with the base rate. 
• 
new regulations on reserve requirements for deposit-taking licensed financial institutions were 
introduced to make the maintenance of reserve requirement balances more flexible. The duration of 
the reserve maintenance period was extended from seven to 14 days, incentivising institutions to 
manage their day-to-day liquidity more efficiently to take advantage of the reserve averaging 
mechanism. Additionally, deposit-taking licensed financial institutions are able to draw on the UAE 
Central Bank-held reserve balances - up to 100 per cent. on any day – for daily settlement purposes, to 
deal with swings in overnight money market rates. Institutions must meet daily average requirements 
over a 14-day reserve maintenance period. 
• 
in line with the UAE Central Bank's commitment to providing a holistic solution to manage liquidity 
within the UAE banking sector, a new Monetary Bills ("M-Bills") securities issuance programme was 
launched in 2020. M-Bills facilitate the establishment of robust infrastructure to manage liquidity, to 
ensure the maintenance of the currency cover ratio threshold (minimum 70 per cent.) and to provide a 
stable collateralised source of funds to UAE banks and financial institutions. These securities are 
auctioned and traded through Bloomberg's primary and secondary market solutions and settled through 
a local platform. The UAE Central Bank expects the initiative to promote development of a local 
market for securities denominated in dirham while improving market transparency.

--- Page 80 ---
- 66 - 
 
 
Liquidity and Money Supply 
The following table sets out certain liquidity indicators for the UAE as at 31 December in each of the years 
indicated and for the first quarter of 2020. 
 
2017 
2018 
2019(4) 
   2020* 
 
(AED billions) 
 
Currency Issued ........................................................ 
85.4 
85.8 
93.7 
110.7 
Cash at Banks ........................................................... 
17.7 
15.3 
15.5 
16.0 
Currency in Circulation Outside Banks .................... 
67.7 
70.5 
78.2 
94.7 
Monetary Deposits ................................................... 
424.7 
415.1 
436.8 
505.3 
Money Supply M1(1) ............................................... 
492.4 
485.6 
515.0 
600.0 
Quasi - Monetary Deposits ....................................... 
783.8 
822.8 
898.1 
878.5 
Money Supply M2(2) ............................................... 
1,276.2 
1,308.4 
1,413.1 
1,478.5 
Government Deposits ............................................... 
210.9 
293.9 
304.3 
290.8 
Money Supply M3(3) ............................................... 
1,487.1 
1,602.3 
1,717.4 
1,769.3 
 _______________  
* 
Preliminary data subject to revision 
(1) 
Currency in Circulation Outside Banks (Currency Issued less Cash at banks) plus Monetary Deposits (being all short term deposits 
which bank customers can withdraw without prior notice) 
(2) Money Supply M1 plus Quasi-Monetary Deposits (being resident time and savings deposits in Dirhams plus resident deposits in 
foreign currencies) 
(3) Money Supply M2 plus Government Deposits at banks and at the UAE Central Bank 
(4) UAE Central Bank Preliminary figures subject to revision 
Source: UAE Central Bank. 
Money supply M1 (which consists of currency in circulation outside of banks (i.e. currency issued less cash 
at banks) plus monetary deposits in local currency with banks) decreased from AED 492.4 billion as at 31 
December 2017, to AED 485.6 billion as at 31 December 2018, increasing to AED 515.0 billion as at 31 
December 2019 and increasing to AED 600.0 billion as at December 31 2020. This was a result of 
fluctuations in monetary deposits from AED 424.7 billion as at 31 December 2017 and AED 415.1 billion 
as at 31 December 2018 to AED 436.8 billion as at 31 December 2019 and AED 505.3 billion as at 31 
December 2020. However, currency in circulation outside of banks increased from AED 67.7 billion as at 
31 December 2017 to AED 70.5 billion as at 31 December 2018, increasing to 78.2 billion as at 31 
December 2019 and increasing further to AED 94.7 billion as at 31 December 2020. 
Money supply M2 (which consists of money supply M1 plus quasi-monetary deposits (i.e. resident time 
and savings deposits in Dirhams plus resident deposits in foreign currencies)) increased from AED 1,276.2 
billion as at 31 December 2017 to AED 1,308.4 billion as at 31 December 2018, to AED 1,411.4 billion as 
at 31 December 2019 and AED 1,478.5 billion as at 31 December 2020. 
Generally, median money supply M2 is considered the best indicator for the availability of liquidity in the 
economy, as it comprises currency in circulation outside banks, in addition to various deposits of all the 
resident sectors except the government sector in the UAE. 
Money supply M3 (which consists of money supply M2, plus government deposits at banks and at the UAE 
Central Bank) increased from AED 1,487.1 billion as at 31 December 2017 to AED 1,602.3 billion as at 31 
December 2018 to AED 1,717.4 billion in 2019 and increased to AED 1,769.3 billion as at 31 December 
2020 which reflected the increase in money supply M2 and the increase  from 2017 to 2019 was as a result 
of government deposits increasing over this time, amounting to AED 210.9 billion as at 31 December 2017, 
AED 293.9 billion as at 31 December 2018 and AED 304.3 billion as at 31 December 2019. However, 
government deposits decreased to AED 290.8 billion as at 31 December 2020. 
Foreign Reserves 
The table below shows the foreign asset holdings of the UAE Central Bank as at 31 December in each of 
the years indicated. 
 
2018 
2019 
2020(1) 
 
(AED millions)  
Foreign Asset Holdings .............................................  
362,550 
394,730 
388,050 
 _______________  
(1) Preliminary 
Source: UAE Central Bank.

--- Page 81 ---
- 67 - 
 
 
The UAE Central Bank's gross international reserves are principally held in deposit accounts with banks 
outside the UAE or are invested in securities and treasury bills issued by non-UAE issuers. The official 
reserves figure, however, excludes the stock of publicly controlled foreign assets held in other accounts in 
investment bodies controlled by individual emirates. 
Foreign currency reserves increased between 2014 and 2019, notwithstanding lower international oil 
environment since mid-2014. 
Banking and Financial Services 
As at 31 December 2018 and in addition to the 36 branches of BoS, Invest Bank, United Arab Bank and 
SIB (combined) each located in the Emirate, the Emirate also had an additional 93 branches of non-Sharjah 
based national banks and 15 branches of foreign banks (out of 80 foreign bank branches throughout the 
UAE) (according to the UAE Central Bank Annual Report 2018). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
the Government owned 17.16 per cent. of the share capital of BoS (through SAM) and 37.55 per cent. of 
the share capital of SIB (through SAM and SSSF). 
As at 31 December 2018, BoS, Invest Bank, United Arab Bank and SIB had AED 29,123 million, AED 
14,026 million, AED 20,511 million and AED 44,746 million in total assets, respectively. 
As at 31 December 2019, BoS, Invest Bank, United Arab Bank and SIB had AED 32,689 million, AED 
11,705 million, AED 19,125 million and AED 46,390 million in total assets, respectively. 
As at 31 December 2020, BoS, Invest Bank, United Arab Bank and SIB had AED 36,143 million, AED 
8,734 million, AED 14,849 million and AED 53,601 million in total assets, respectively. 
All banks in the UAE operate under the supervision of the UAE Central Bank. 
The table below provides a statistical analysis of the UAE banking sector as at 31 December for each of the 
years indicated. 
 
2018 
2019 
2020 
(AED millions) 
 
Banks 
 
 
 
Total Assets ..................................................................  
2,868,516 
3,082,934 
3,188,014 
Foreign Assets (Net) ....................................................  
59,657 
91,113 
133,471 
Foreign Assets ..............................................................  
679,647 
771,092 
849,077 
Foreign Assets to Total Assets (%) ...............................  
23.7% 
25.0% 
26.6% 
Foreign Liabilities .......................................................  
619,990 
679,979 
715,606 
Foreign Liabilities to Total Liabilities (%) ....................  
21.6% 
22.1% 
22.4% 
Deposits(2) .....................................................................  
1,755,650 
1,870,184 
1,884,545 
Residents .......................................................................  
1,542,237 
1,648,812 
1,682,102 
of which: Corporate .......................................................  
592,877 
607,023 
606,207 
Non-Residents ...............................................................  
213,413 
221,372 
202,443 
of which: Corporate .......................................................  
91,889 
87,964 
72,250 
Bank Credit (Domestic) ..............................................  
1,509,437 
1,592,609 
1,596,786 
of which: Credit to Private Sector(3) ..............................  
1,150,018 
1,149,953 
1,124,913 
Total Number of National Banks and Branches .......  
832 
741 
619 
Total Number of Foreign Banks and Branches .........  
140 
140 
134 
Number of Employees in Banks (UAE)(4)...................  
36,629 
35,637 
33,444 
 _______________  
(1) Preliminary 
(2) Excluding Inter-Bank Deposits 
(3) Including Claims on Other Financial Institutions 
(4) Excluding Auxiliary Staff. Data Subject to Revision on Quarterly Basis 
Source: UAE Central Bank 
Supervision of Banks 
The UAE Central Bank, established in 1980, is the governing body that regulates and supervises all banks 
operating in the UAE. The UAE Central Bank has supervisory responsibility for all banking institutions in 
the UAE. Supervision is carried out through on-site inspections and review of periodic submissions from 
the banks. The frequency of inspection depends on the perceived risk of the bank, but inspections are carried 
out in all banks at least once every 18 months. Returns are made monthly, quarterly, semi-annually or 
annually, depending on the nature of the information they are required to contain. An improved risk

--- Page 82 ---
- 68 - 
 
 
management framework is currently being implemented, which is designed to provide the UAE Central 
Bank with more up-to-date information on credit, market and operational risks within the banking sector. 
Historically, the UAE Central Bank has not acted as a lender of last resort, a role which has tended to fall 
on the individual Emirates. However, the introduction by the UAE Central Bank in 2014 of the Interim 
Marginal Lending Facility (the "IMLF") is expected to enable non-Islamic UAE banks to use certain rated 
or Federal Government entity issued assets as collateral to access UAE Central Bank liquidity overnight in 
order to help their liquidity management (see further "— Recent Trends in Banking — Liquidity"). 
Federal Law No.14 of 2018 (the 2018 Law) empowers the UAE Central Bank to license and regulate banks 
and non-banking financial institutions under the law's objective of safeguarding the stability of financial 
system in the UAE. The other objectives set out in the 2018 Law are maintaining stability of the dirham 
and prudently managing the UAE Central Bank's foreign reserves. 
The 2018 Law also grants the UAE Central Bank a range of powers, including powers to: 
• 
issue currency and conduct monetary policy; 
• 
organise and license financial institution, including the power to penalise violations of law or 
regulation; 
• 
monitor credit conditions to achieve balanced growth of the economy; 
• 
maintain a minimum cover ratio of foreign currency assets (at least 70 per cent. of the monetary 
base) to safeguard the credibility of the fixed currency peg; and 
• 
regulate and maintain the soundness of the systemically important financial infrastructure systems, 
including electronic payment systems, digital currency, and stored value facilities. 
The UAE Central Bank is also responsible for regulating anti-money laundering activities in the UAE. It 
has established a Financial Intelligence Unit and hosted teams from the Financial Action Task Force 
("FATF") and the IMF which reviewed, discussed and tested existing UAE laws and regulations. This led 
the FATF to decide, in January 2002, that the UAE had put in place an adequate anti-money laundering 
system. 
In April 2020, the FATF issued its Mutual Evaluation Report ("MER") on the UAE's anti-money 
laundering ("AML") and combatting the financing of terrorism ("CFT") measures. Based on an assessment 
conducted in 2019, the MER analyses the level of the UAE's compliance with the FATF 40 
recommendations and the effectiveness of its AML/CFT system and provides recommendations on how 
the system could be strengthened. Based on the MER, the UAE's National Strategy has been revised in line 
with the risks identified in the MER and the UAE's National Risk Assessment. 
The UAE ranks 21 on Transparency International's Corruption Perceptions Index 2020, which ranks 179 
countries in terms of their perceived level of public sector corruption. In early 2019, the UAE authorities 
finalised a national risk assessment shared with key stakeholders and conducted outreach programmes. The 
output of the national risk assessment was embedded in the UAE Central Bank's risk-based supervisory 
approach. 
Although the UAE Central Bank is responsible for regulating all banks, exchange houses, investment 
companies and other financial institutions in the UAE, the Dubai Financial Services Authority regulates all 
banking and financial services activities in the Dubai International Financial Centre. Similarly, in the Abu 
Dhabi Global Market in Abu Dhabi ("ADGM"), the ADGM Financial Services Regulatory Authority 
regulates activity in the financial services sector. 
The UAE Central Bank has published regulations relating to non-bank financial institutions and digital 
payments and is working on further regulations relating to payments and fintech. A new stored value 
facilities regulation was issued in November 2020. Further regulations on large value and retail payments 
systems, and retail payment activities are in the pipeline for 2021. A new crowd lending regulation was 
issued in November 2020. In addition, the UAE Central Bank is in the process of developing a new SME 
regulation to support the financing of SMEs within a holistic SME strategy in co-ordination with other 
UAE authorities.

--- Page 83 ---
- 69 - 
 
 
The UAE Central Bank has commenced work on a bank recovery and resolution framework. New consumer 
protection regulations were published in in early 2021. Consultation on a new regulatory framework for 
Islamic finance in the UAE was completed in 2020 and a number of new regulations giving effect to the 
framework were issued in 2020 with further regulations due to be issued in 2021.  
A new corporate governance framework for banks operating in the UAE was put in place in 2019. The new 
Corporate Governance Regulation and accompanying Standards were published in August 2019. The 
framework introduces sector-wide polices in line with international best practices, such as the inclusion of 
independent directors in banks' boards and mandatory committees, the reinforcement of the fit-and-proper 
process for members of boards and senior management and the introduction of minimum disclosure 
requirements in banks' annual governance reports.  
In 2020, the UAE Central Bank developed a FinTech strategy to underpin the Federal government's drive 
to establish the UAE as a leading global FinTech hub. The strategy aims to stimulate innovation and 
collaboration within a culture of robust risk management. To ensure effective FinTech strategy 
implementation, the UAE Central Bank has launched a dedicated FinTech office and initiatives including 
the development of a common FinTech regulatory framework, the establishment of co-sandboxing 
arrangements among regulatory authorities to facilitate faster technological developments and streamline 
regulatory approval processes, the development of an electronic know your customer protocol to enable 
non-face-to-face and digital onboarding processes, the implementation of a distributed ledger technology 
based trade finance platform to reduce the risk of trade fraud and the creation of a FinTech talent 
development programme. 
Since 1999, regulated banks in the UAE have been required to report in accordance with International 
Financial Reporting Standards issued by the International Accounting Standards Board. 
Characteristics of the Banking System 
The UAE banks are predominantly focused on the domestic market. With much of the economy directly or 
indirectly dependent on the oil sector, the UAE banks are vulnerable during long periods of low oil prices. 
In particular, oil revenues tend to drive levels of liquidity. There is a high degree of state involvement in 
the UAE banking sector, with the five-largest banks having some degree of ownership by the governments 
and/or ruling families of individual emirates. 
Additionally, a number of banks have developed in the Islamic world, including in the UAE, to serve 
customers who wish to observe Shari'a principles, including the prohibition on the charging of interest on 
any financial transaction. These institutions offer a range of products, which broadly correspond to 
conventional banking transactions but are structured to ensure that all relevant Shari'a principles are 
complied with. The principal Sharjah based Islamic bank is SIB. 
Anti-Money Laundering Legislation and Measures 
The UAE takes an active part in the fight against money laundering and the financing of terrorism. The 
crimes of money laundering and financing of terrorism and the financing of illegal organisations are covered 
under federal criminal statutes and the federal penal code. Federal legislation and the implementation of 
regulations to combat these crimes are in force throughout the UAE, including the Financial and 
Commercial Free Zones and their implementation and enforcement are the responsibility of the relevant 
regulatory and supervisory authorities in either the federal or local jurisdictions. 
The principal AML and CFT legislation within the UAE is Federal Decree-Law No. (20) of 2018 on Anti-
Money Laundering and Combatting the Financing of Terrorism and Financing of Illegal Organisations 
and implementing regulation, Cabinet Decision No. (10) of 2019 Concerning the Implementing Regulation 
of Decree Law No. (20) of 2018 On Anti-Money Laundering and Combating the Financing of Terrorism 
and Illegal Organisations. The legislative and regulatory framework of the UAE is part of a larger 
international AML/CFT Legislative and regulatory framework made up of a system of intergovernmental 
legislative bodies and international and regional regulatory organisations. 
In 2019, the Supervisory Authorities of the UAE published Anti-Money Laundering and Combatting the 
Financing of Terrorism and the Financing of Illegal Organisations for Financial Institutions ("Guidelines"), 
to provide guidance and assistance to supervised financial institutions such as the Central Bank of the UAE 
and aid their understanding and effective performance of their statutory obligations under the legal and 
regulatory framework in force in the UAE. These Guidelines do not constitute additional legislation or

--- Page 84 ---
- 70 - 
 
 
regulation and are not intended to set legal, regulatory or judicial precedent. They are intended instead to 
be read in conjunction with the relevant laws, cabinet decisions, regulations and regulatory rulings which 
are currently in force in the UAE and their respective Free Zones. The Guidelines apply to all financial 
institutions established and/or operating in the UAE and their respective Financial and Commercial Free 
Zones, whether they establish or maintain a business relationship with a customer, or engage in any of the 
financial activities and /or transactions or the trade and/or business activities outlined in Articles (2) and 
(3) of Cabinet Decision No. (10) of 2019 Concerning the Implementing Regulation of Decree Law No. (20) 
of 2019 on Anti-Money Laundering and Combating the Financing of Terrorism and Illegal Organisations. 
These guidelines are also applicable to the members of these financial institutions' boards of directors, 
management and employees. 
Specifically, they are applicable to all such natural and legal persons in the following categories: 
• 
Banks, finance companies, exchange houses, money service business (including hawaladar or 
other monetary value transfer services); 
• 
Insurance companies, agencies and brokers; 
• 
Securities and commodities brokers, dealers, advisers, investment managers; and 
• 
Other financial institutions not mentioned above. 
Structure of the Banking System 
Banking institutions in the UAE fall into a number of categories, as defined by the 1980 Law. As at 31 
December 2020, there were 21 commercial banks and one investment bank (institutions which may not 
accept deposits with maturities of less than two years, but which may borrow from their head offices or 
other banks and the financial markets) classified as domestic banks, also known as "national" banks. These 
domestic banks are required to be public shareholding companies with a minimum share capital of AED 40 
million and they currently hold 87.2 per cent. of the UAE's total banking assets. 
Licensed foreign commercial banks, of which there were 38 as at 31 December 2018, need to demonstrate 
that at least AED 40 million has been allocated as capital funds for their operations in the UAE. The 1980 
Law also licenses financial institutions (institutions whose principal functions are to extend credit, carry 
out financial transactions, invest in moveable property and other activities but are not permitted to accept 
funds in the form of deposits), investment banks (institutions which may not accept deposits with maturities 
of less than two years but which may borrow from their head office or other banks and the financial markets) 
and financial and monetary intermediaries (money and stock brokers). 
Recent Trends in Banking 
Targeted Economic Support Scheme ("TESS") 
Effective from 15 March 2020, the UAE Central Bank implemented the TESS, which included a range of 
measures aimed at mitigating the economic effects of COVID-19 within the UAE. Such measures include 
allowing banks operating in the UAE access to loans and advances extended at zero cost against collateral 
by the UAE Central Bank, to be used to grant temporary relief to private sector corporate and SME 
customers and retail clients. In addition (subject to the terms of the TESS), banks are allowed to tap into 
the capital conservation buffer up to a maximum of 60 per cent. without supervisory consequences and D-
SIBs are allowed to use 100 per cent. of their D-SIB buffer without supervisory consequences (in each case, 
until 15 March 2021). 
To support the operation of the TESS and the general flow of funds into the economy in Sharjah, the 
Government initiated a programme to place unlisted short-term sukuk instruments issued by the 
Government with Sharjah-based banks. These sukuk instruments constitute high-quality assets which may 
be used by the participating banks to generate liquidity through their treasury operations. 50 per cent. of the 
proceeds from such issuance will be deposited back with the participating banks by the Government, further 
improving their liquidity position. In May 2020, the Government acting through the Sharjah Finance 
Department with Bank of Sharjah acting as sole lead manager and arranger, issued AED 2.0 billion in 
Sukuk trust certificates, the proceeds of which will be used to support the Sharjah economy, corporates, 
SME's, individuals and the banking sector in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. The securities were 
issued under the Sharjah Liquidity Support Mechanism in co-operation with the TESS, and increased to

--- Page 85 ---
- 71 - 
 
 
AED 4.0 billion in October 2020 through a tap of the existing issuance. In March 2021, the Government 
subsequently issued a further AED 2.0 billion securities under the Sharjah Liquidity Support Mechanism 
with Invest Bank acting as sole lead manager and arranger. In May 2021, the Government redeemed the 
first AED 4.0 billion sukuk trust certificates on their scheduled maturity date and issued a new AED 4.0 
billion securities with Bank of Sharjah acting as sole lead manager and arranger. 
Capital Adequacy 
All banks are required to follow the principles of the Basel accord in calculating their capital adequacy 
ratios. Basel II was introduced effective 17 November 2009, by way of UAE Central Bank Circular Number 
27/2009. Since 1993, the UAE Central Bank had imposed a 10 per cent. minimum total capital ratio on all 
UAE banks. In a circular dated 30 August 2009, the UAE Central Bank announced amendments to its 
capital adequacy requirements, such that UAE banks were required to have a total capital adequacy ratio 
of at least 11 per cent., with a Tier I ratio of not less than 7 per cent., by 30 September 2009. Furthermore, 
the UAE Central Bank required banks operating in the UAE to increase their Tier I capital adequacy ratio 
to at least 8 per cent., with a minimum total capital adequacy ratio of at least 12 per cent., by 30 June 2010. 
Thereafter, through its circular dated 17 November 2009 introducing Basel II, the UAE Central Bank stated 
that it was expected that the main banks in the UAE would move to the Foundation Internal Rating Based 
approach under Basel II in due course. Through this circular, the UAE Central Bank reiterated that all banks 
operating in the UAE were required to maintain a minimum capital adequacy ratio of 11 per cent. at all 
times, increasing to 12 per cent. by 30 June 2010 and also laid out its expectations in relation to Pillar II 
and Pillar III of the Basel II framework. Profits for the current period, goodwill, other intangibles, unrealised 
gains on investments and any shortfall in loan loss provisions are deducted from regulatory capital. 
Whilst the calculation of capital adequacy ratios in the UAE follows the Bank of International Settlements 
guidelines, claims on or guaranteed by GCC central governments and central banks are risk-weighted at 
zero per cent. and claims on GCC government non-commercial public sector entities are risk-weighted at 
50 per cent. Banks in the UAE are required to transfer 10 per cent. of profit each year into a statutory reserve 
until this reaches 50 per cent. of capital. Distributions cannot be made from this reserve, except in special 
legally defined circumstances. All dividends paid by UAE banks have to be authorised in advance by the 
UAE Central Bank. 
The following table sets out the capital adequacy ratio of all UAE national banks as at 31 December for 
2018, 2019 and 2020. 
 
2018 
2019 
2020* 
 
(per cent.) 
Total capital adequacy ratio .....................................................  
17.5 
17.7 
18.2 
Tier I capital adequacy ratio ....................................................  
16.2 
16.5 
17.1 
 _______________  
* 
Preliminary data subject to revision 
Source: UAE Central Bank 
The Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (the "Basel Committee") has put forward a number of 
fundamental reforms to the regulatory capital framework for internationally active banks. On 16 December 
2010 and 13 January 2011, the Basel Committee issued the Basel III Reforms, constituting guidance on the 
eligibility criteria for Tier I and Tier II capital instruments as part of a package of new capital and liquidity 
requirements intended to reinforce capital standards and to establish minimum liquidity standards for credit 
institutions ("Basel III"). 
Basel III does not replace Basel II, rather, it implements a series of modifications to the existing regulatory 
structure. 
Basel III increases the quantity and quality of the regulatory capital banks are required to hold. In particular, 
the changes refer to, amongst other things, new requirements for the capital base, measures to strengthen 
the capital requirements for counterparty credit and market exposures arising from certain assets and 
transactions and the introduction of a leverage ratio as well as short-term and longer-term standards for 
funding liquidity. The most significant features of the reforms introduced by Basel III are as follows: 
Capital base 
Between 2013 and 2019, the common equity component of capital (known as Core Tier I) increased from 
2 per cent. of a bank's risk-weighted assets before certain regulatory deductions to 4.5 per cent. after such

--- Page 86 ---
- 72 - 
 
 
deductions. In addition, a new capital conservation buffer was introduced, as well as a zero to 2.5 per cent. 
counter-cyclical capital buffer. As a result, the overall capital requirement (Tier I and Tier II) increased 
from 8 per cent. at the Basel II baseline to 10.5 per cent. by 2019 with full Basel III implementation. 
Common equity 
Common equity will continue to form the basis of Tier I capital, but other hybrid capital instruments 
permitted under Basel II will be replaced with instruments that are more loss absorbing and do not have 
incentives to redeem. Non-qualifying instruments issued on or after 12 September 2010 were derecognised 
in full from 1 January 2013; certain other instruments issued prior to 12 September 2010 which qualified 
as Tier I capital under Basel II but do not so qualify under Basel III, consisting of, among other instruments, 
perpetual non-cumulative preference shares, will be gradually derecognised at a rate of 10 per cent. per year 
from 2013 to 2023. 
Capital charges 
Increased capital charges will be introduced with respect to re-securitisation exposures and certain liquidity 
commitments held in the banking book will require more capital. With respect to a bank's trading books, 
more robust risk assessment methodologies will be utilised to value assets and increased counterparty and 
market risk charges will be assessed for exposure to other financial institutions and securitised assets. 
Leverage ratio 
A minimum 3 per cent. leverage ratio, measured against a bank's gross (and not risk-weighted) balance 
sheet, was adopted on a trial basis until 2018 and definitively adopted in 2019. 
Liquidity standards 
A "liquidity coverage ratio" requiring high-quality liquid assets to equal or exceed certain cash outflows 
was adopted in 2015, thereby ensuring that a bank has sufficient high-quality liquid assets to survive a 
one-month period of market stress. In addition, a "net stable funding ratio" requiring "available" stable 
funding sources to equal or exceed "required" stable funding was adopted in 2018, thereby ensuring that a 
bank has access to capital or high-quality funding to survive a one-year period of market stress. 
The UAE Central Bank issued guidelines on the implementation of Basel III in July 2012 under the heading 
"Liquidity Regulations at Banks" (see "— Liquidity" for further details). Since then, the UAE Central Bank 
has been preparing local institutions for the implementation of the Basel III standards. In addition, on 23 
February 2017, the UAE Central Bank published the "Regulations re Capital Adequacy" (the "February 
2017 Regulations") in the Official Gazette issue 612, which became effective from 1 February 2017. The 
February 2017 Regulations are intended to ensure that the capital adequacy of all banks operating in the 
UAE is in line with the Basel III requirements. The February 2017 Regulations are supported by 
accompanying standards (the "Accompanying Standards") which were published by the UAE Central 
Bank on 17 January 2018 in its Circular No. 28/2018 entitled "Standard re Capital Supply" and were 
expressed to be effective from 31 December 2017. The Accompanying Standards elaborate on the 
supervisory expectations of the UAE Central Bank, as set out in the February 2017 Regulations, with 
respect to the relevant Basel III capital adequacy requirements and how they will be applied by the UAE 
Central Bank to banks in the UAE. 
As part of the TESS, banks in the UAE were able to utilise 100 per cent. of their domestic systemically 
important bank buffer and 60 per cent. of their capital conservation buffer without supervisory 
consequences until 31 December 2021. In addition, the UAE Central Bank is allowing banks to apply a 
prudential filter to IFRS 9 expected loss provisions. The prudential filter allows any increase in IFRS 9 
provisioning compared to 31 December 2019 to be partially added back to regulatory capital. This will 
allow IFRS 9 provisions to be gradually phased-in over a five-year period until 31 December 2024. 
Liquidity 
The UAE Central Bank closely monitors the level of liquidity in the banking system. It also requires that 
banks have in place adequate systems and controls to manage their liquidity positions, as well as 
contingency funding plans to cope with periods of liquidity stress.

--- Page 87 ---
- 73 - 
 
 
Banks must also adhere to a maximum loan to deposit ratio of 100 per cent. set by the UAE Central Bank. 
In this context, loans comprise loans and advances to customers and interbank assets maturing after three 
months. 
UAE banks are mostly funded through on demand or time based customer deposits made by private 
individuals or private sector companies based in the UAE. According to preliminary data made available 
by the UAE Central Bank, resident deposits constituted approximately 89.5 per cent. of total deposits of 
the UAE banking sector (excluding inter-bank deposits and bank drafts but including commercial 
prepayments and borrowings under repurchase agreements) as at 30 September 2019. Of these, government 
and government-related entity deposits constituted approximately 33.2 per cent. of total resident deposits 
within the UAE banking sector (excluding inter-bank deposits but including commercial prepayments and 
borrowings under repurchase agreements) as at 30 September 2019. Non-resident sources constituted 
approximately 11.9 per cent. of total deposits within the UAE banking sector (excluding inter-bank deposits 
but including commercial prepayments and borrowings under repurchase agreements) as at the same date 
(source: UAE Central Bank Statistical Bulletin September 2019). 
The UAE Central Bank is expected to tighten regulations on how banks in the UAE manage liquidity 
through the introduction of new qualitative, quantitative and reporting requirements on liquidity risk 
management. In line with Basel III requirements, the UAE Central Bank has issued UAE Central Bank 
Notice No. 33/2015 on liquidity requirements (which was issued by the UAE Central Bank on 27 May 2015 
and which entered into force with effect from 1 July 2015, replacing Central Bank Notice No. 30/2012) 
(the "Liquidity Notice") which includes a set of qualitative and quantitative liquidity requirements for UAE 
banks. The qualitative requirements set out in the Liquidity Notice elaborate on the responsibilities of a 
UAE bank's board of directors and senior management as well as the overall liquidity risk framework. The 
regulations are intended to ensure that liquidity risks are well managed at banks operating in the UAE and 
are in line with the Basel Committee's recommendations and international best practices. 
The quantitative requirements set out in the Liquidity Notice are intended to ensure that each UAE bank 
holds a minimum level of liquid assets which allow it to sustain a short-term liquidity stress (in 
circumstances both specific to that bank and market wide). In particular, the requirements include two 
interim ratios which are intended to apply until the Basel III LCR and NSFR (each as defined in the table 
below) come into effect. These include the following: 
 
Ratio 
Applicability Period 
Interim ratios: 
Liquid Asset Ratio (LAR > =10%) 
1 January 2013 – 30 June 2015 
 
Eligible Liquid Assets Ratio (ELAR > = 10%) 
1 July 2015 – December 2017 
 
Advances to Stable Resources Ratio (ASRR < 
100%) 
1 June 2013 – December 2017 
Basel III ratios: 
Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR > 100%) 
January 2018 onwards 
 
Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR < 100%) 
January 2018 onwards 
 
The liquid asset ratio (the "LAR") was an interim ratio designed to apply until the LCR comes into effect 
(as described below). Following the entering into force of the Liquidity Notice on 1 July 2015, the LAR 
was replaced with the eligible liquid assets ratio (the "ELAR"). Under the ELAR, UAE banks are required 
to hold an amount equivalent to at least 10 per cent. of their liabilities in high-quality liquid assets (including 
cash held with the UAE Central Bank, the UAE Central Bank CDs and certain UAE local government and 
public sector entity publicly traded instruments). 
The Liquidity Notice also includes the option for UAE banks to apply to the UAE Central Bank to move to 
assessment of bank liquidity as against the LCR, in addition to the ELAR, with effect from 1 January 2016. 
Any UAE banks taking up this option were required to comply only with the ELAR until 1 January 2016, 
after which date they are required to move to a dual-compliance regime as to liquidity as against the ELAR 
and the LCR (subject to receipt of UAE Central Bank approval). 
The liquidity coverage ratio (the "LCR") represents a 30-day stress scenario with combined assumptions 
covering both bank-specific and market-wide stresses. These assumptions are applied to contractual data 
representing the main liquidity risk drivers at banks to determine cash outflows within the 30-day stress 
scenario. The LCR requires that UAE banks should always be able to cover the net cash outflow with high 
quality liquid assets at the minimum LCR determined by the UAE Central Bank. The Basel III accord 
requires that this minimum is 100 per cent. The Liquidity Notice describes in detail high quality liquid 
assets for this purpose.

--- Page 88 ---
- 74 - 
 
 
The advances to stable resources ratio (the "ASRR") is an interim ratio that recognises both the actual uses 
as well as the likely uses of funds in terms of contractual maturity and behavioural profile of the sources of 
funds available to the bank, in order to ensure that there are limited maturity mismatches and cliff effects. 
The net stable funding ratio (the "NSFR") is a structural ratio that aims to ensure that banks have adequate 
stable funding to fund the assets on their balance sheets. It also requires an amount of stable funding to 
cover a portion of the relevant UAE bank's contingent liabilities. The NSFR mirrors the Basel III NSFR 
standard. The NSFR identifies the key uses of funds and the different types of funding sources used by the 
UAE banks. It assigns available stable funding ("ASF") factors to the sources of funds and required stable 
funding (usage) factors to asset classes and off balance sheet contingent exposures. The assigned ASF factor 
depends on the terms of funding and the perceived stability of the funding sources. The assigned ASF factor 
will depend on the liquidity of the asset being funded under a market-wide stress. Both factors will follow 
the Basel III NSFR standard. 
Provisions for Loan Losses 
The UAE Central Bank stipulates that non-performing credits should be classified as either substandard, 
doubtful or loss, depending on the likelihood of recovery, with provisions charged at a minimum of 25 per 
cent., 50 per cent. and 100 per cent. on the relevant amount (net of any eligible credit protection), 
respectively. Any retail and consumer loans with either interest or principal in arrears by more than 90 days 
must be placed on a non-accrual basis and classified as non-performing. In addition, pursuant to Circular 
28/2010 concerning regulations for classification of loans and their provisions issued by the UAE Central 
Bank on 11 November 2010, all banks in the UAE were required to make general provisions for unclassified 
loans and advances equal to 1.5 per cent. of their risk-weighted assets by 2014. In practice, several banks 
operate more stringent policies and place loans on a non-accrual basis as soon as their recovery is in doubt. 
Banks in the UAE generally do not write off non-performing loans from their books until all legal avenues 
of recovery have been exhausted. This factor tends to inflate the level of impaired loans and/or financings 
carried on the balance sheets of UAE banks when compared to banks operating in other economies. 
Large Exposures 
The UAE Central Bank defines large exposures as any funded or unfunded exposures (less provisions, cash 
collaterals and deposits under lien) to a single borrower or group of related borrowers exceeding prescribed 
limits. The large exposure limits (defined as a percentage of the bank's capital base) were previously as 
follows: 
• 
to a single borrower or group of borrowers – 7 per cent.; 
• 
to a shareholder of the bank holding more than 5 per cent. of the bank's capital – 7 per cent.; 
• 
overseas interbank exposures – 30 per cent. (UAE interbank exposures are subject to a 25 per cent. 
limit if their maturity is over one year, otherwise they are exempt from the regulations); 
• 
to the bank's parent company, subsidiaries or affiliates – 20 per cent. (60 per cent. for all such 
exposures in aggregate); and 
• 
to Board members – 5 per cent. (25 per cent. for all such exposures in aggregate). 
On 11 November 2013, the UAE Central Bank published a notice amending certain of the large exposure 
limits set out above (the "Large Exposure Notice"). The Large Exposure Notice was published in the 
Official Gazette on 30 December 2013 and entered into force on 30 January 2014. The Large Exposure 
Notice introduced new limits of 100 per cent. of the bank's capital base for all lending to UAE local 
governments and their non-commercial entities, together with a 25 per cent. limit to any single such non-
commercial entity. Exposures above these limits are subject to approval by the UAE Central Bank. Set out 
below is a table showing a summary of the changes introduced by the Large Exposure Notice (defined as a 
percentage of the bank's capital base calculated under Basel II): 
 
New Limit 
Old Limit 
 
Individual 
Aggregate 
Individual 
Aggregate 
Federal Government and its non-commercial entities  
Exempt 
Exempt 
Exempt 
Exempt 
UAE local government and its non-commercial 
entities .......................................................................  
No cap for UAE 
local 
100% 
Exempt 
Exempt`

--- Page 89 ---
- 75 - 
 
 
 
New Limit 
Old Limit 
 
Individual 
Aggregate 
Individual 
Aggregate 
government; 
25% for each 
non-commercial 
entity 
Commercial entities of Federal Government and UAE 
local government .......................................................  
25% 
100% 
25% 
None 
Commercial or other (non-commercial) private sector 
entities and individuals ..............................................  
25% max 
None 
7% 
None 
Shareholders who own 5 per cent. or more of the 
bank's capital and related entities ..............................  
20% 
50% 
7% 
None 
Exposure to bank's subsidiaries and affiliates ............  
10% 
25% 
20% 
60% 
Board members .........................................................  
5% 
25% 
5% 
25% 
 
Mortgage Cap Regulation and Consumer Loan Regulation 
The UAE Central Bank introduced regulations regarding bank loans and other services offered to individual 
customers by way of a circular dated 23 February 2011 the ("Retail Circular") on retail banking and notice 
no. 31/2013 dated 28 October 2013 (which was published in the UAE official gazette (the "Official 
Gazette") on 28 November 2013 and entered into force on 28 December 2013) (the "Mortgage 
Regulations"). These regulations, amongst other things, limit the fees and interest rates which banks in the 
UAE can charge to retail customers and impose maximum loan/income and loan to value ratios for retail 
products such as residential mortgage loans. For example, the Retail Circular requires that the amount of 
any personal consumer loan shall not exceed 20 times the salary or total income of the borrower with the 
repayment period not exceeding 48 months. 
The Mortgage Regulations, which supersede UAE Central Bank notice no. 3871/2012 dated 30 December 
2012, provide that the amount of mortgage loans for non-nationals should not exceed 75 per cent. of the 
property value for a first purchase of a home with a value of less than AED 5 million and, for a first purchase 
of a home with a value greater than AED 5 million, should not exceed 65 per cent. of the property value. 
For the purchase of a second or subsequent home, the limit for non-nationals is set at 60 per cent. of the 
property value (irrespective of the value of the property in question). The corresponding limits for UAE 
nationals are set at 80 per cent. in respect of a first purchase of a home with a value less than or equal to 
AED 5 million, 70 per cent. for a first home with a value greater than AED 5 million and 65 per cent. of 
the property value for a second or subsequent purchase (irrespective of the value of the property). 
Reserve Requirements 
Reserve requirements are used by the UAE Central Bank as a means of prudential supervision and to control 
credit expansion. The reserve requirements are 1 per cent. for term deposits and 14 per cent. for all other 
customer balances. 
Position of Depositors 
There is no formal deposit protection scheme in the UAE. While no bank has, so far, been permitted to fail, 
during the 1980s and early 1990s a number were restructured by the relevant government authorities. In 
October 2008, in response to the global financial crisis, the Federal Government announced that it intended 
to guarantee the deposits of all UAE banks and foreign banks with core operations in the UAE. Following 
therefrom, in May 2009 the UAE's National Federal Council approved a draft law guaranteeing federal 
deposits. However, until such time as the law is passed, there is no guaranteed government support. 
Establishment of a Credit Bureau in the UAE 
Al Etihad Credit Bureau ("AECB") is a Federal Government company specialised in providing UAE based 
credit reports and other financial information. AECB commenced operations in 2014 upon receiving formal 
approval from the Cabinet of its regulations and its charges for producing credit reports. AECB has 
approached all UAE based banks to sign data sharing agreements to enable the provision of customer credit 
information, with the majority having entered into such agreements and/or made successful initial data 
submissions to AECB by the time AECB commenced operations. 
Federal Debt Management 
In October 2018, UAE Federal Law No. 9 of 2018 Concerning Public Debt (Public Debt Law) was issued. 
The Public Debt Law permits the UAE Federal Government to issue sovereign debt through the sale of

--- Page 90 ---
- 76 - 
 
 
bonds or other debt instruments, which is intended to support the UAE Central Bank in liquidity 
management in the UAE banking system and is intended to help the UAE banking sector meet international 
liquidity rules. The Public Debt Law further established that the total amount of outstanding UAE federal 
public debt shall not, at any time, exceed the amount determined by the cabinet, at maximum of 250 per 
cent of the Federal Government's own stable revenue. In addition, the Public Debt Law is intended to enable 
banks operating in the UAE to purchase government bonds in AED or foreign currencies, which is intended 
to help them comply with Basel III requirements. The Public Debt Law also expressly permits the UAE 
Federal Government to provide guarantees on behalf of federal government authorities and corporations 
which are wholly owned by the UAE Federal Government. 
The Public Debt Law establishes a federal Public Debt Management Office, which will have various 
support roles within the UAE Ministry of Finance, including the following: 
• 
responsibility for proposing public debt management strategies and policies in coordination with 
the UAE Central Bank, implementing the strategies and policies approved by the Cabinet, and 
providing recommendations on issuance of public debt instruments; 
• 
monitoring financial risks as well as other risks associated with issuing and trading any public debt 
instruments, and proposing solutions to manage and control these risks; 
• 
advising the Minister of Finance on investments involving any public debt surplus, identifying risk 
levels on borrowing or issuing any guarantees for government projects as well as playing an 
important role in the development of policies and procedures created to manage and reduce risks 
in the public debt portfolio; 
• 
working closely with the UAE Central Bank with regard to the management of the issuance and 
sale operations of government bonds, treasury bills, and any other public debt instruments; 
• 
setting short and long-term objectives for the UAE's public debt management; 
• 
issuing reports on the management and implementation of public debt; and 
• 
coordinating with local governments in each emirate to support and develop a highly efficient 
primary and secondary financial market by issuing public debt instruments in the state, in which 
each local government shall establish a public debt office if local public debt instruments are issued. 
Insurance 
There is an absence of published statistical data on the insurance sector in the UAE and Sharjah. Insurance 
companies are regulated by the Insurance Division of the Federal Ministry of Economy. 
Al-Buhaira National Insurance Company is a public shareholding company incorporated in the Emirate and 
is listed on the ADX. It undertakes several classes of insurance business, including life insurance, saving 
and accumulation of funds. In addition to its head office, Al-Buhaira National Insurance Company has two 
further branches located in Abu Dhabi and Dubai. 
Shari'a compliance 
The Federal Law No. 14 of 2018 entered into force with effect from 23 September 2018 and requires 
financial institutions licensed by the UAE Central Bank to operate their business activities in compliance 
with the rules, standards and general principles established by the Higher Shari'a Authority and, in certain 
circumstances, requires such financial institutions to obtain the consent of the Higher Shari'a Authority 
before undertaking certain licensed financial activities. 
Capital Markets 
The capital markets in the UAE are regulated by a number of entities including the Emirates Securities and 
Commodities Authority (the "SCA"), which licenses intermediaries to trade on the DFM and ADX. The 
SCA is a Federal Government organisation but has financial, legal and administrative independence. 
The other significant stock exchange in the UAE is Nasdaq Dubai (formerly known as the Dubai 
International Financial Exchange or DIFX) which commenced operations in September 2005 and, as an

--- Page 91 ---
- 77 - 
 
 
entity based in the Dubai International Financial Centre, is separately regulated by the Dubai Financial 
Services Authority. 
In May 2018, the SCA issued Chairman Decision No. 20/R.M. of 2018 on the Offering or Issuance of 
Islamic Securities (the ISRs), in order to add an additional layer of disclosure and transparency to the UAE's 
sukuk market and strengthen investor protection. The ISRs apply to (i) domestic issuers of Sharia-compliant 
securities seeking to offer those securities either within or outside the UAE, and (ii) foreign issuers of 
certain Sharia-compliant securities seeking to offer those securities into the UAE. The ISRs outline a 
number of key disclosure requirements that must be included in the offering document, a number of specific 
requirements in respect of the fatwa as well as the continuing obligations that apply to Sharia-compliant 
securities, including the provision of an annual Sharia report. 
Dubai Financial Market 
The DFM, which is now, along with Nasdaq Dubai, owned by Borse Dubai, was established by the 
Government of Dubai in 2000 as an independent entity and operates as a market for the listing and trading 
of shares, bonds and investment units issued by companies, investment funds and other local or foreign 
financial institutions that conform to its listing requirements. 
The following table sets out the number of traded shares, the value of traded shares, and the number of 
executed transactions on the DFM and the closing price of the DFM Index as at 31 December for the years 
indicated: 
 
2018 
2019 
2020 
Number of traded shares (billions) ........................................................... 
45.4 
40.0 
65.5 
Value of traded shares (AED billions) ...................................................... 
59.7 
53.1 
65.6 
Number of trades (millions) ..................................................................... 
0.6 
0.6 
1.0 
Market capitalisation (AED billions) ........................................................ 
343.3 
375.5 
341.5 
DFM Index year-end index closing price ................................................. 
2,529.8 
2,765 
2,492 
 _______________  
Sources: Dubai Statistics Centre, DFM. 
Nasdaq Dubai 
Nasdaq Dubai (formerly known as the Dubai International Financial Exchange or DIFX) commenced 
operations in September 2005. On 22 December 2009, DFM announced that it had made an offer to Borse 
Dubai Limited and the NASDAQ OMX Group to acquire Nasdaq Dubai. The offer was valued at U.S.$121 
million and comprised U.S.$102 million in cash and 40 million DFM shares. The merger was approved by 
Borse Dubai Limited and the OMX Group and was completed on 11 July 2010. Subsequent to the 
transaction, both Nasdaq Dubai and DFM are operating as two distinct markets that are subject to different 
regulatory frameworks. Nasdaq Dubai is regulated by the Dubai Financial Services Authority and the DFM 
is regulated by the SCA. 
The DFM was upgraded to the MSCI Emerging Markets Index with effect from 1 June 2014, which has led 
to an increase in interest and investment from international institutional investors in Dubai. 
Nasdaq Dubai's standards are comparable to those of leading international exchanges in New York, London 
and Hong Kong. Nasdaq Dubai allows regional and international issuers access to regional and international 
investors through primary or dual listings. Investors can access Nasdaq Dubai through a unique mix of 
regional and international brokers. 
Nasdaq Dubai currently lists equities, equity derivatives, Dubai gold securities, structured products, sukuk 
and conventional bonds. Nasdaq Dubai listed sukuk with a total nominal value of U.S.$14.15 billion listed 
during 2019, maintaining its position as one of the world's largest exchanges for sukuk. 
Equity listings on Nasdaq Dubai include DP World Limited, which had the Middle East's largest IPO in 
2007 at U.S.$5.0 billion, as well as Depa Limited and Orascom Construction Limited. 
The following table sets out the number of traded shares, the value of traded shares and the number of 
executed transactions on Nasdaq Dubai, the market capitalisation of Nasdaq Dubai and the closing price as 
at 31 December of the FTSE Nasdaq Dubai UAE 20 Index (which tracks 20 liquid stocks listed on the 
DFM, the Abu Dhabi Securities Exchange and Nasdaq Dubai) in each of the years 2018, 2019 and 2020:

--- Page 92 ---
- 78 - 
 
 
 
2018 
2019 
2020 
Trading volume (millions) .....................................................................  
165 
151 
189 
Trading value (AED millions) ...............................................................  
4,234 
5,921 
5,746 
Number of transactions .........................................................................  
26,882 
40,724 
16,345 
Market capitalisation (AED millions) ...................................................  
57,496 
44,220 
3,435 
FTSE Nasdaq Dubai UAE 20 year-end closing price ............................  
3,074 
3,184 
3,062 
 _______________  
Sources: Dubai Statistics Centre, Nasdaq Dubai.

--- Page 93 ---
- 79 - 
 
 
PUBLIC FINANCE 
Government Finance 
Government Budget and Financial Information 
The Government sector in Sharjah is defined as consisting of entities known in Sharjah as centralised 
departments. The wider public sector in Sharjah consists of independent authorities which are wholly or 
majority publicly owned (see "Description of the Emirate of Sharjah — Relationship between the UAE 
Constitution and Sharjah — The Government " above for further details). 
The centralised departments of the Government negotiate their individual budgets with the Finance 
Department on an annual basis, with the final budgets being approved by Sharjah Executive Council and 
H.H. The Ruler. The budget-setting arrangements for independent authorities vary from entity to entity, 
depending on their constitutional documents and established practice. All centralised department revenues 
flow to accounts managed by the Finance Department on behalf of the Government and are used to fund 
the Government's expenditure. The Finance Department controls the expenditure of centralised departments 
on a detailed, line-by-line basis, to ensure consistency with the budget. 
Major project expenditure and a number of "non-departmental" items such as debt servicing and grant 
schemes are also managed centrally by the Finance Department, rather than through departmental budgets. 
Decentralised departments and independent authorities may, depending on their financial circumstances, 
receive financial support from the Government in the form of grants, free land allocations, the assumption 
of certain payment obligations or loans from the Government. Alternatively, if they are cash-generating, 
these entities may be required to make dividend-like payments to the Government. 
Government Consolidated Accounts 
The Government does not prepare consolidated annual or quarterly accounts as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Government Cash Flow Analysis 
The Government regularly prepares detailed cash flow statements in order to centrally control its liquidity 
and payment commitments. The table below sets out the detailed cash flow statements for the years 
indicated, excluding debt financing. 
Each area of the Emirate of Sharjah has a Municipality authority, which is responsible for providing local 
services. There are nine Municipality authorities, of which Sharjah City Municipality is the largest. These 
Municipality authorities were in the past considered independent authorities and not consolidated into the 
Government budget. However, since 2016, the Municipalities have been treated as centralised departments, 
and have been consolidated. This change is reflected in the tables below.  
 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021* 
 
(AED millions) 
Cash Inflows 
 
 
 
 
 
Department of Customs ........................................................ 
1,123 
882 
894 
717 
800 
Economic Development Department .................................... 
904 
862 
817 
657 
803 
Sharjah Police....................................................................... 
873 
801 
988 
825 
941 
Town Planning Department .................................................. 
163 
121 
85 
112 
95 
Directorate of Public Works ................................................. 
1 
1 
3 
221 
— 
Roads and Transport Authority ............................................ 
329 
547 
874 
681 
743 
Sharjah Municipality ............................................................ 
1,428 
1,319 
1,292 
1,070 
1,315 
Other Municipalities ............................................................. 
73 
64 
72 
— 
— 
Other departmental revenues ................................................ 
459 
557 
678 
373 
481 
Oil, gas and LPG .................................................................. 
356 
412 
567 
76 
99 
Land sales ............................................................................. 
1,229 
776 
67 
179 
1,824 
Bank tax ............................................................................... 
68 
52 
56 
68 
50 
VAT receipts ........................................................................ 
— 
— 
2,795 
1,404 
1,150 
Shares/Dividends .................................................................. 
50 
100 
200 
75 
100 
Transfer from GREs, and other revenues ............................. 
1,567 
2,750 
1,050 
1,303 
390 
Increase in Sharjah Social Security Fund ............................. 
0 
798 
1,085 
944 
920 
Total Cash Inflows ............................................................. 
8,623 
10,042 
11,523 
8,705 
9,710 
Cash Expenditure 
 
 
 
 
 
Departmental expenditure

--- Page 94 ---
- 80 - 
 
 
 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021* 
 
(AED millions) 
Police ................................................................................... 
(1,165) 
(1,316) 
(1,476) 
(1,506) 
(1,586) 
Roads and Transport Authority ............................................ 
(249) 
(252) 
(320) 
(295) 
(472) 
Social Services ..................................................................... 
(313) 
(515) 
(600) 
(661) 
(717) 
Culture and Information ....................................................... 
(171) 
(200) 
(201) 
(178) 
(234) 
Media/TV ............................................................................. 
(353) 
(414) 
(447) 
(585) 
(457) 
Customs ................................................................................ 
(219) 
(311) 
(323) 
(332) 
(369) 
Sports Council ...................................................................... 
(404) 
(463) 
(564) 
(563) 
(563) 
Town Planning ..................................................................... 
(159) 
(208) 
(208) 
(210) 
(234) 
Al Diwan Al Amiri, Sharjah ................................................. 
(139) 
(175) 
(165) 
(137) 
(96) 
Museums .............................................................................. 
(141) 
(175) 
(178) 
(172) 
(195) 
Economic Development ....................................................... 
(147) 
(201) 
(208) 
(213) 
(240) 
Islamic Affairs and Awqaf ................................................... 
(124) 
(150) 
(155) 
(162) 
(166) 
e-Government ....................................................................... 
(90) 
(108) 
(111) 
(124) 
(158) 
Public Works ........................................................................ 
(74) 
(94) 
(101) 
(101) 
(121) 
Police Sciences Academy ..................................................... 
(88) 
(101) 
(107) 
(109) 
(129) 
Sharjah Municipality ............................................................ 
(1,043) 
(1,256) 
(1,252) 
(1,314) 
(1,621) 
Other Municipalities ............................................................. 
(558) 
(752) 
(772) 
(820) 
(893) 
Other departmental expenditures .......................................... 
(1,428) 
(2,008) 
(2,353) 
(2,092 
(2,872) 
 
— 
— 
— 
- 
500 
Total departmental expenditures ...................................... 
(6,864) 
(8,699) 
(9,541) 
(9,574) 
(10,622) 
Central expenditure 
 
 
 
 
 
Payments toward capital projects ......................................... 
(2,247) 
(2,655) 
(4,252) 
(2,604) 
(2,150) 
Debt Interest ......................................................................... 
(609) 
(856) 
(1,282) 
(1,371) 
(1,855) 
Capital injection to Sharjah Asset Management  
- 
- 
- 
918 
- 
Subsidies, Grants and Central Spending ............................... 
(1,510) 
(1,760) 
(2,527) 
(2,203) 
(2,593) 
Total expenditures .............................................................. 
(11,230) 
(13,970) 
(17,602) 
(16,490) 
(17,220) 
 ________  
                  Source: Sharjah Finance Department  
*Source: Sharjah Finance Department budget data. 
 
Total cash inflows increased from AED 10.0 billion in 2018 to AED 11.5 billion in 2019 and decreased to 
AED 8.7 in 2020. The negative effect on revenues arose from the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and 
associated policy response measures, which have curtailed economic activity and reduced a number of 
revenue items. The Government has budgeted for revenues to increase in 2021 to AED 9.7 billion, primarily 
as a result of an expected increase in proceeds of land sales, offset by reductions in transfers from GREs 
and other revenues. The budgeted increase in revenue from land sales is subject to a number of uncertainties 
including recovery of  market conditions. (See "Risk Factors – Risks relating to the ongoing coronavirus 
COVID-19" and "Description of the Emirate of Sharjah—Relationship between the UAE Constitution and 
Sharjah—COVID-19 Impact and Response measures Adopted in the UAE and Sharjah"). Cash inflows 
from oil, gas and LPG increased from AED 412 million in 2018 to AED 567 million in 2019 and fell back 
to AED 76 million in 2020 and are budgeted at AED 99 million in 2021, reflecting lower production 
quantities and the fall in hydrocarbon prices (in the case of 2021, as at the time of budgeting). Cash inflows 
from land sales tend to be volatile since they consist of a small number of large payments related to release 
of land by the Government for project development: these inflows fell from to AED 776 million in 2018 and 
AED 67 million in 2019 and AED 179 million in 2020, reflecting weakness in the UAE real estate market. 
They are budgeted to increase to AED 1,824 million in 2021, as the Government releases some large new 
commercial and industrial areas for purchase and development. Prior to 2019, there were no VAT revenues 
and the revenues collected by the UAE Federal authorities in 2018 began to be disbursed in 2019. Cash 
inflows from VAT receipts were AED 2,795 million in 2019 and AED 1,404 million in 2020 and are 
budgeted to decrease to AED 1,150 million in 2021. The lower rate of inflows of VAT receipts reflects the 
drop in economic activity in 2020 and is accompanied by a lag effect as the receipts move through the 
system. Cash from bank taxes amounted AED 52 million in 2018, AED 56 million in 2019,  AED 68 million 
in 2020 and is budgeted to be AED 50 million 2021. Finance costs (debt interest) increased from AED 856 
million in 2018 to AED 1,282 million in 2019, as the Government incurred additional debt, primarily to 
fund capital expenditure (see "Indebtedness") and budget deficits. These costs increased further to AED 
1,371 million in 2020 and were budgeted to increase to AED 1,855 million in 2021. 
Government Revenue 
Sharjah's government revenues totalled AED 11.5 billion for the year ended 31 December 2019, increasing 
by AED 1.5 billion from AED 10.0 billion for the year ended 31 December 2018 reflecting an increase of 
15.0 per cent. Sharjah's government revenues totalled AED 8.7 billion for the year ended 31 December

--- Page 95 ---
- 81 - 
 
 
2020, decreasing by AED 2.8 billion from AED 11.5 billion for the year ended 31 December 2019, 
representing an decrease of 24.0 per cent. 
The Government has a relatively diverse revenue base. With the exception of a levy on foreign banks and 
hydrocarbon extraction, there is no traditional direct tax, although the Federal Government introduced a 
national value added tax at the rate of 5 per cent. with effect from 1 January 2018 and an excise duty on 
certain goods in October 2017. Sharjah's allocation of revenues from these indirect taxes began to be 
disbursed by the UAE Federal Government in 2019 leading to an increase in revenues in spite of the 
decrease in revenue attributable to lowered GRE transfer and land sale revenue. Prior to 2019, there were 
no VAT revenues and the revenues collected by the UAE Federal authorities in 2018 began to be disbursed 
in 2019. This beneficial tax environment provides an incentive for businesses and wage-earners to locate 
to the Emirate. 
Licensing, fines and fees provide the majority of revenues, in particular via the Department of Customs, 
the Economic Development Department and Sharjah Police. 
Land sales to private companies and individuals generate significant capital receipts for the Government, 
as well as providing a means for the Government to manage the pace and location of economic expansion. 
In addition, this represents an area of particular fiscal flexibility for the Government, which can choose 
how much land to release for sale or development in a given year, based on market conditions, development 
priorities and fiscal requirements. 
Aggregate oil, gas and LPG revenues are on a long-term declining path notwithstanding year to year 
fluctuations and in 2018 represented just 5.5 per cent. of total receipts. As such, the Emirate does not display 
high levels of hydrocarbon fiscal dependency. Falling production levels since 2009 had been broadly offset 
in nominal terms by rising prices until the end of 2014. The new gas field discovered in the onshore 
"Mahani" site became operational in January 2021 and will start generating net revenues from commercial 
exploitation of the reserve from 2022. 
Government Expenditure 
The Government's expenditure totalled AED 16.5 billion in 2020, as compared to AED 17.6 billion in 2019, 
reflecting a decrease of 6.3 per cent. The Government's expenditure totalled AED 17.6 billion in 2019, as 
compared to AED 14.0 billion in 2018, reflecting an increase of 26.0 per cent. The majority of this 
expenditure is incurred by centralised departments, with wages and other staff costs being the largest 
element of such expenditure. Salary enhancements and high levels of recruitment have increased 
departmental spending in recent years and the 2021 budget envisages a 10.9 per cent increase in 
departmental spending compared to 2020. 
Growth in departmental budgets has reflected the Government's policy priorities, with a particular focus on 
cultural activities (such as media/TV and culture and information) and social services. 
Payments towards capital projects and other "non departmental" expenditure items are managed centrally 
by the Finance Department. Whereas the Government funded capital expenditure directly until 2019, since 
2020 this has been channelled through Mubadara, the authority responsible for selection, planning and 
implementation of non-commercial capital projects. 
In 2020, the Government injected AED 918 million capital into SAM, to create more capacity for the entity 
to invest into strategic projects. 
Overall Budget Position 
Government has incurred budget deficits in recent years to support its spending priorities, including capital 
investment, public service provision and social security 
Government of Sharjah overall budget 2017 – 2021 
 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021* 
 
(AED millions) 
Expenditure ............................................  
(11,231) 
(13,970) 
(17,602) 
(16,490) 
(17,220) 
Revenue .................................................  
8,623 
10,042 
11,523 
8,705 
9,710 
Deficit ....................................................  
(2,609) 
(3,928) 
(6,079) 
(7,785) 
(7,510)

--- Page 96 ---
- 82 - 
 
 
 _______________  
* 
Preliminary data subject to revision. 
Government Assets and Investments 
Government Assets – Cash and Fixed Assets 
The Government does not generally hold very large amounts of cash and from time to time uses short-term 
working capital facilities to balance cash flow. The Government held AED 2,057 million cash and cash 
equivalents as at 31 December 2018, AED 2,411 million as at 31 December 2019 and AED 2,057 million 
as at 31 December 2020. 
The Government holds a very large stock of fixed assets, although no comprehensive valuation is available. 
All unallocated land in the Emirate is de facto the property of the Government. The Government also owns 
land and buildings used for government activities and public services. 
Government Investments 
In addition to its ownership of decentralised departments and independent authorities, the Government has 
minority shareholdings in a number of private sector businesses. The table below shows the principal listed 
commercial enterprises in which the Government directly held a shareholding as at 31 December 2020, 
showing a total asset value of AED 3.2 billion. These are generally strategic investments which the 
Government intends to hold over the medium to long term because of their importance to the Emirate's 
development. No material change to this portfolio mix has occurred as at the date of this Supplement. 
The Government's holdings in listed companies through SAM and SSSF and the value thereof as at 31 
December 2020 was as follows: 
 
 
Sharjah Asset 
Management Company 
SSSF 
 
 
 
Market 
Capitalisation 
Shareholding 
Value 
Shareholding 
Value 
Combined 
Shareholding 
Combined 
Value 
 
(AED 
Millions) 
(%) 
(AED 
Millions) 
(%) 
(AED 
Millions) 
(%) 
(AED 
Millions) 
Company 
Name 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Air Arabia ...... 
5,787 
18.56 
1,136 
- 
- 
18.56 
1,136 
Bank of 
Sharjah 
Limited ........... 
1,292 
17.16 
227 
- 
- 
17.16 
227 
Sharjah 
Islamic Bank .. 
4,253 
28.46 
1,158 
9.09 
370 
37.55 
1,527 
Sharjah 
Cement and 
Industrial 
Development 
Company ........ 
450 
14.78 
68 
9.09 
42 
23.87 
110 
Dana Gas ........ 
4,988 
3.47 
173 
- 
- 
3.47 
173 
Total Market 
Value of 
Listed Shares  
16,769 
- 
2,762 
- 
412 
- 
3,173 
 _______________  
Source: Bloomberg 
Relationship with the Federal Government 
There were no fiscal flows between the Government and the Federal Government in the years 2017-2019, 
although in 2020 the Federal Government subsequently took responsibility for collecting Value Added Tax 
and in 2019 began distributing to each emirate the relevant share of proceeds. Despite a lack of financial 
flows, the Emirate benefits significantly from a range of public services provided at the federal level 
including: 
• 
Basic education for UAE nationals; 
• 
Healthcare for UAE nationals;

--- Page 97 ---
- 83 - 
 
 
• 
Defence and foreign policy initiatives; 
• 
Some UAE-wide police and civil defence initiatives; and 
• 
Postal services. 
In addition, the Federal Government maintains a large public works programme, which covers, in particular, 
infrastructure and housing. 
The Federal Government expenditure budget for 2020 was AED 61.4 billion, increasing from a budget of 
AED 60.3 billion in 2019.

--- Page 98 ---
- 84 - 
 
 
INDEBTEDNESS 
The Government has adopted a centralised debt policy, administered by the Debt Management Office (the 
"DMO"), which is a division of the Finance Department. The DMO directly manages the borrowing of the 
Government. For decentralised departments and independent authorities, the DMO plays a role in 
coordinating all borrowing activity, advising entities on how to structure transactions and approach the 
market, and supporting them in commercial negotiations and the completion of legal processes. Any 
borrowing from these entities must be approved in advance by the DMO. 
Government Debt 
The table below sets out the details of the Government's outstanding debt as at 31 December in each of the 
years indicated. 
 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
Gross Debt (AED millions) ...................................................  
18,061 
24,742 
33,319 
41,330 
Gross Debt/GDP (%) .............................................................  
15.0 
20.0 
26.6 
36.7 
Net Debt(1) (AED millions) ....................................................  
17,878 
22,214 
30,908 
39,273 
Net Debt(1)/GDP (%) .............................................................  
14.8 
17.9 
24.7 
34.9 
 _______________  
 (1) Net Debt is equivalent to Gross Debt minus holdings of cash and cash equivalents. 
Of the Government's total outstanding indebtedness of AED 41,330 million as at 31 December 2020, 80 
per cent. was denominated in U.S. Dollars and 20 per cent. was denominated in AED, after taking account 
of hedging arrangements.  
• 
8 per cent. of the Government's debt comprised borrowings from Sharjah based banks; 
• 
15 per cent. of the Government's debt comprised borrowings from other UAE based banks; 
• 
16 per cent. of the Government's comprised borrowings from international banks; and 
• 
and 60 per cent. of the Government's debt comprised indebtedness due under the public debt 
issuances. 
The Government has undertaken nine public sukuk and conventional bond issuances denominated in U.S. 
Dollars:  
• 
U.S.$750,000,000 3.764 per cent. trust certificates issued in 2014 by Sharjah Sukuk Limited due 
2024;  
• 
U.S.$500,000,000 3.839 per cent. trust certificates issued in 2016 by Sharjah Sukuk (2) Limited 
due 2021 (redeemed); 
• 
U.S.$1,000,000,000 4.226 per cent. trust certificates issued in 2018 by Sharjah Sukuk Programme 
Limited under the Programme, which was subsequently increased to U.S.$1,200,000,000 through 
a tap of the issuance in 2018 due 2028;  
• 
U.S.$1,000,000,000 3.854 per cent. trust certificates issued in 2019 by Sharjah Sukuk Programme 
Limited under the Programme due 2026;  
• 
U.S.$750,000,000 3.234 per cent. trust certificates issued in 2019 by Sharjah Sukuk Programme 
Limited under the Programme due 2029, which was subsequently increased to U.S.$1,000,000,000 
through a tap of the issuance in 2020;  
• 
U.S.$1,000,000,000 2.942 per cent. trust certificates issued in 2020 by Sharjah Sukuk Programme 
Limited under the Programme due 2027; 
• 
U.S.$1,000,000,000 4.00 per cent. medium-term notes issued in 2020 under the Global Medium-
Term Notes Programme due 2050;  
• 
U.S.$750,000,000 3.625 per cent. medium-term notes issued in 2021 under the Global Medium-
Term Notes Programme due 2033; and

--- Page 99 ---
- 85 - 
 
 
• 
U.S.$500,000,000 4.375 per cent. medium-term notes issued in 2021 under the Global Medium-
Term Notes Programme due 2051. 
On 2 February 2018, the Government conducted an RMB 2,000,000,000 issuance under its onshore "panda 
bond" programme in the People's Republic of China. The proceeds of the issuance and ongoing coupon 
payment liabilities were swapped into AED. The bond was redeemed at its planned maturity date. 
The maturity profile of the indebtedness outstanding on 31 December 2020 is as set out in the table below 
and does not include the issuances completed in 2021. 
 
2021 
2022 
2023 
2024 
2025 
2026 
2027 
2028 
2029 
After 
2029 
Principal payments 
(in AED millions) ... 
6,700 
2,892 
3,329 
3,562 
3,011 
4,027 
4,676 
4,524 
3,728 
4,881 
 
The Government has no record of default on its indebtedness, current or past. 
Wider Public Sector Debt 
The table below sets out the details of the main outstanding debt of GREs as at 31 December 2020. 
 
Gross Debt 
Outstanding 
Net Debt(1) 
 
(AED millions) 
SEWA .......................................................................................................................  
9,546 
9,069 
Shurooq ....................................................................................................................  
2,256 
2,233 
Mubadara ..................................................................................................................  
1,000 
1,706 
Others  ......................................................................................................................  
794 
(11) 
Sharjah Asset Management .......................................................................................  
697 
431 
Bee'ah .......................................................................................................................  
680 
761 
Seaport Authority .....................................................................................................  
500 
44 
Sharjah Airport Authority .........................................................................................  
360 
303 
SAIF Zone ................................................................................................................  
300 
145 
Hamriyah Free Zone Authority .................................................................................  
223 
(17) 
Total .........................................................................................................................  
16,356 
14,664 
 __________  
(1) 
Net Debt is equivalent to Gross Debt minus holdings of cash and cash equivalents. 
Source: Finance Department 
The Government does not provide blanket guarantees for the borrowing of any decentralised department or 
independent authority. However, the Government has guaranteed a number of individual transactions in 
order to help an entity to obtain the most favourable commercial terms. Requests for such guarantees are 
appraised by the DMO on a case by case basis, taking risk, pricing and strategic importance into 
consideration. 
The borrowings guaranteed by the Government, as at 31 December 2020 are AED 200 million for the AUS 
research programme and AED 326 million for Sharjah Research, Technology and Innovation Park Free 
Zone. The Government has also provided AED 1,885 million in payment shortfall undertakings in respect 
of borrowings by Shurooq. 
Total Public Sector Debts 
The table below sets out the details of the total public sector outstanding debt, including the Government 
and GREs, as at 31 December in each of the years indicated below. 
 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
Public Sector Gross Debt (AED millions) ...............................  
28,434 
35,604 
46,062 
57,686 
Public Sector Gross Debt/GDP (%) .........................................  
23.6 
28.7 
36.8 
51.2 
Public Sector Net Debt(2) (AED millions) ..............................  
25,551 
31,052 
41,652 
53,937 
Public Sector Net Debt(2)/GDP (%)........................................  
21.2 
25.1 
33.1 
47.9 
 _______________  
(1) GDP data for 2020 is unavailable as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
(2) Net Debt is equivalent to Gross Debt minus holdings of cash and cash equivalents. 
Public sector net debt was AED 53.9 billion or 47.9 per cent of GDP in 2020, AED 41.7 billion or 33.3 per 
cent of GDP in 2019, and AED 31.1 billion, or 25.1 per cent. of GDP, in 2018.

--- Page 100 ---
- 86 - 
 
 
FORM OF THE TRUST CERTIFICATES 
Words and expressions defined in the Conditions shall have the same meanings in this section, "Form of 
the Trust Certificates". 
The Trust Certificates of each Tranche will be in registered form. Trust Certificates will be issued and sold 
outside the United States in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Regulation S. 
The Trust Certificates of each Series will initially be represented by beneficial interests in a global trust 
certificate in registered form (a "Global Trust Certificate"). Prior to expiry of the distribution compliance 
period (as defined in Regulation S) applicable to each Series of Trust Certificates, beneficial interests in a 
Global Trust Certificate may not be offered or sold to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person and 
may not be held otherwise than through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg and such Global Trust 
Certificate will bear a legend regarding such restrictions on transfer. 
Global Trust Certificates will be deposited with the Common Depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and will be registered in the name of a nominee for the Common Depositary. Persons holding 
beneficial interests in Global Trust Certificates will be entitled or required, as the case may be, under the 
circumstances described below, to receive physical delivery of definitive Trust Certificates in fully 
registered form. 
Payments of any amount in respect of each Global Trust Certificate will, in the absence of provision to the 
contrary, be made to the person shown on the relevant Register as the registered holder of the relevant 
Global Trust Certificate. None of the Trustee, the Delegate or any Agent will have any responsibility or 
liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments or deliveries made on account of beneficial 
ownership interests in the Global Trust Certificates or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records 
relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
Payment of any amounts in respect of Trust Certificates will, in the absence of any provision to the contrary, 
be made to the persons shown on the relevant Register on the relevant Record Date immediately preceding 
the due date for payment in the manner provided in the Conditions. 
Interests in a Global Trust Certificate will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for 
definitive Trust Certificates only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. The Trustee will promptly 
give notice to Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) if an Exchange Event occurs. 
For these purposes, "Exchange Event" means that: (i) the Delegate has given notice in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Dissolution Events) that a Dissolution Event has occurred and is continuing; or (ii) the 
Trustee, the Government and the Delegate have been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of 
holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in 
fact done so and, in any such case, no successor clearing system is available. In the event of the occurrence 
of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder 
of an interest in such Global Trust Certificate) may give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange and, 
in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (ii) above, the Trustee may also give 
notice to the Registrar requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 10 days after the 
date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Registrar. 
For so long as any of the Trust Certificates is represented by a Global Trust Certificate held on behalf of 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, each person (other than Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
as the holder of a particular face amount of such Trust Certificates (in which regard any certificate or other 
document issued by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the face amount of such Trust 
Certificates standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in 
the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Trustee, the Delegate, the Government and the Agents as 
the holder of such face amount of such Trust Certificates for all purposes other than with respect to any 
payment in respect of such Trust Certificates, for which purpose the registered holder of the Global Trust 
Certificate shall be treated by the Trustee, the Delegate, the Government and any Agent as the holder of 
such face amount of such Trust Certificates in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant 
Global Trust Certificate and the expressions "Certificateholder" and "holder" in relation to any Trust 
Certificates and related expressions shall be construed accordingly.

--- Page 101 ---
- 87 - 
 
 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement, the Principal Paying Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche 
is issued (in accordance with "Further Issues", as set out in the Conditions) which is intended to form a 
single Series with an existing Tranche at a point after the Issue Date of the further Tranche, the Trust 
Certificates of such further Tranche shall be assigned a common code and ISIN which are different from 
the common code and ISIN assigned to Trust Certificates of any other Tranche of the same Series until 
such time as the Tranches are consolidated and form a single Series. 
Interests in a Global Trust Certificate may, subject to compliance with all applicable restrictions, be 
transferred to a person who wishes to hold such interest in another Global Trust Certificate. No beneficial 
owner of an interest in a Global Trust Certificate will be able to transfer such interest, except in accordance 
with the applicable procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, to the extent applicable. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, 
be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable 
Final Terms.

--- Page 102 ---
- 88 - 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
The form of Final Terms that will be issued in respect of each Tranche, subject only to the deletion of non-
applicable provisions, is set out below: 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the 
target market assessment in respect of the Trust Certificates has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target 
market for the Trust Certificates is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in 
Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Trust 
Certificates to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Trust Certificates (a "distributor") should take into consideration 
the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Trust Certificates (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the 
target market assessment in respect of the Trust Certificates has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target 
market for the Trust Certificates is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct 
of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the [European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 ("EUWA")]/[EUWA] ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Trust Certificates 
to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling 
or recommending the Trust Certificates (a "distributor") should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Trust Certificates (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.] 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to sections 309B(1) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) (the "SFA"), the Trustee has 
determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A of the SFA) that the Trust 
Certificates are ["prescribed capital markets products"/capital markets products other than "prescribed 
capital markets products"] (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 
2018) and ["Excluded Investment Products"]/["Specified Investment Products"] (as defined in MAS 
Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products).] 
Final Terms dated [∙] 
Sharjah Sukuk Programme Limited 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 549300N3BQ9P6RRMVV02 
Issue of [Aggregate Face Amount of Tranche] [Title of Trust Certificates] 
under the Trust Certificate Issuance Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions of 
the Trust Certificates (the "Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated 5 July 2021 [and the 
supplement(s) thereto dated [∙]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") 
for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). This document constitutes 
the Final Terms of the Trust Certificates described herein [for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation]2 
and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus3. Full information on the Trustee, the Government 
 
2 
To be included only if the Trust Certificates are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market, and listing on the official list, 
of Euronext Dublin. 
3 
To be deleted where the Trust Certificates are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA nor offered in the 
EEA in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Directive.

--- Page 103 ---
- 89 - 
 
 
and the offer of the Trust Certificates is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms 
and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus [and these Final Terms]4 [is/are] available for viewing on 
the website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin) and the website of Nasdaq 
Dubai (http://www.nasdaqdubai.com).] 
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a base prospectus with an earlier date. 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions of 
the Trust Certificates (the "Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated [5 March 2018]/[20 March 
2019]/[21 April 2020] which are incorporated by reference in the base prospectus dated 5 July 2021 [and 
the supplement(s) thereto dated [∙]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") 
for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). This document constitutes 
the Final Terms of the Trust Certificates described herein [for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation]5 
and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus6. Full information on the Trustee, the Government 
and the offer of the Trust Certificates is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms 
and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus [and these Final Terms]7 [is/are] available for viewing on 
the website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin) and the website of Nasdaq 
Dubai (http://www.nasdaqdubai.com).] 
1. 
(a) 
Trustee and Lessor: 
Sharjah Sukuk Programme Limited 
 
(b) 
Seller, 
Obligor, 
Lessee 
and 
Servicing Agent: 
The Government of the Emirate of Sharjah acting 
through the Sharjah Finance Department (the 
"Government") 
2. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[∙] 
 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[∙]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(c) 
Date 
on 
which 
the 
Trust 
Certificates become fungible: 
[The Trust Certificates will be consolidated and 
form a single Series with [identify earlier 
Tranche(s)] on [insert date/the Issue Date]][Not 
Applicable] 
3. 
Specified Currency: 
[∙] 
4. 
Aggregate Face Amount: 
 
 
(a) 
Series 
[∙] 
 
(b) 
Tranche 
[∙] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[∙] per cent. of the Aggregate Face Amount 
6. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[∙] 
 
(b) 
Calculation Amount: 
[∙] 
7. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[∙] 
 
4 
To be included only if the Trust Certificates are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market, and listing on the official list, 
of Euronext Dublin. 
5 
To be included only if the Trust Certificates are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market, and listing on the official list, 
of Euronext Dublin. 
6 
To be deleted where the Trust Certificates are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA nor offered in the 
EEA in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Directive. 
7 
To be included only if the Trust Certificates are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market, and listing on the official list, 
of Euronext Dublin.

--- Page 104 ---
- 90 - 
 
 
 
(b) 
Return Accumulation 
Commencement Date 
[[∙]/Issue Date] 
8. 
Scheduled Dissolution Date: 
[∙] 
9. 
Periodic Distribution Amount Basis: 
Fixed Rate Trust Certificates (further particulars 
specified below in paragraph 14) 
10. 
Dissolution Basis: 
The Trust Certificates will be redeemed at 100 per 
cent. of the Aggregate Face Amount 
11. 
Put/Call Rights: 
[Clean Up Call Right] 
[Optional Dissolution Call Right] 
[Certificateholder Put Right] 
 
12. 
Status 
The Trust Certificates are direct, unsecured, 
unsubordinated and limited recourse obligations of 
the Trustee 
13. 
Date of Trustee's approval and date of 
Government's approval for issuance of 
Trust Certificates: 
[∙] and [∙], respectively 
Provisions relating to profit payable (if any) 
14. 
Fixed Periodic Distribution Provisions: 
 
 
(a) 
Rate[(s)]: 
[∙] per cent. per annum payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly/[∙]] [in arrear on each 
Periodic Distribution Date] 
 
(b) 
Return Accumulation Period: 
[[∙]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
(c) 
Periodic Distribution Date(s): 
[[∙] in each year up to and including the Scheduled 
Dissolution Date] 
 
(d) 
Fixed 
Amount(s) 
for 
Trust 
Certificates in definitive form (and 
in relation to Trust Certificates in 
global form, see Condition 7): 
[∙] per Calculation Amount 
 
(e) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[∙] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Periodic Distribution Date falling [in/on] [∙]/Not 
Applicable] 
 
(f) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual (ICMA) / 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/365 (Sterling) / 
Actual/360] 
 
(g) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[∙] in each year/Not Applicable] 
Provisions relating to dissolution 
15. 
Optional Dissolution Call Right: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(a) 
Optional Dissolution Date(s): 
[∙] 
 
(b) 
Optional 
Dissolution 
Amount 
(Call): 
[[∙]/As per Condition 10.3] 
 
(c) 
Notice periods: 
[[∙]/As per Condition 10.3]

--- Page 105 ---
- 91 - 
 
 
16. 
Certificateholder Put Right: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(a) 
Optional 
Dissolution 
Amount 
(Put): 
[[∙]/As per Condition 10.5] 
 
(b) 
Certificateholder 
Put 
Right 
Date(s): 
[∙] 
 
(c) 
Notice period: 
[[∙]/As per Condition 10.5] 
17. 
Clean Up Call Right: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(a) 
Clean Up Call Right in respect of 
Condition 10.5: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(b) 
Clean Up Call Right in respect of 
Condition 10.6: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(c) 
Clean Up Call Right Dissolution 
Amount: 
[[∙]/As per Condition 10.7] 
 
(d) 
Notice period: 
[[∙]8/As per Condition 10.7] 
18. 
Dissolution Event Amount: 
[∙] 
19. 
Final Dissolution Amount: 
[∙] 
20. 
Other Dissolution Amount: 
[[∙]/Not Applicable] 
General provisions applicable to the Trust Certificates 
21. 
Form of Trust Certificates: 
Trust Certificates in registered form: 
 
 
Global Trust Certificate registered in the name of a 
common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg 
and 
exchangeable 
for 
Trust 
Certificates in definitive registered form in the 
limited circumstances specified in the Global Trust 
Certificate. 
 
 
Reg S Compliance Category 2 
22. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[∙]] 
Provisions in respect of the Trust Assets 
23. 
Trust Assets: 
Condition 5.1 applies 
24. 
On the Issue Date: 
 
 
(a) 
Ijara Percentage: 
[∙] 
 
8 
Such notice being 30 days after the Certificateholder Put Right Date or the Tangibility Event Put Right Date.

--- Page 106 ---
- 92 - 
 
 
 
(b) 
Murabaha Percentage: 
[∙] 
25. 
(a) 
Details of Transaction Account 
(to be held in London): 
[Sharjah Sukuk Programme Limited] Transaction 
Account No: [∙] with [∙] for Series No.: [∙] 
 
(b) 
Supplemental Declaration of 
Trust: 
Supplemental Declaration of Trust dated [∙] 
between the Trustee, the Government and the 
Delegate 
 
(c) 
Supplemental Purchase 
Agreement: 
Supplemental Purchase Agreement dated [∙] 
between the Trustee and the Government 
 
(d) 
Supplemental Lease Agreement 
Supplemental Lease Agreement dated [∙] between 
the Trustee, the Lessor, the Lessee and the 
Delegate 
 
(e) 
[Purchase Order and Letter of 
Offer and Acceptance: 
Purchase Order dated [∙] from the Obligor (as 
"Buyer") to the Trustee (as "Seller") and Letter of 
Offer and Acceptance dated [∙] from the Seller to 
the Buyer.] 
 
(f) 
Declaration of Commingling of 
Assets: 
[Declaration of Commingling of Assets dated [∙] 
executed by the Trustee][Not Applicable] 
 
 
Signed on behalf of SHARJAH SUKUK 
PROGRAMME LIMITED 
Signed on behalf of THE GOVERNMENT OF 
THE EMIRATE OF SHARJAH ACTING 
THROUGH 
THE 
SHARJAH 
FINANCE 
DEPARTMENT 
 
 
By ........................................................................... 
By: .......................................................................... 
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised

--- Page 107 ---
- 93 - 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
 
(a) 
Listing and Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Trustee (or on 
its behalf) to Euronext Dublin for the Trust 
Certificates to be listed on its Official List and 
admitted to trading on its regulated market with 
effect from [∙].] [Application has been made by the 
Trustee (or on its behalf) for the Trust Certificates 
to be listed on the Official List of the DFSA and 
admitted to trading on Nasdaq Dubai]. [Not 
Applicable.] 
 
(b) 
Estimate of total expenses related 
to admission to trading: 
[∙] 
2. 
Ratings 
 
Ratings: 
The Trust Certificates to be issued [have been/are 
expected to be/will not be] rated. 
[Fitch: 
[∙]] 
[S&P: 
[∙]] 
[Moody's: [∙]] 
[[∙]: 
[∙]] 
 
 
"[∙] is established in the EEA and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"CRA Regulation"). [[∙] appears on the latest 
update of the list of registered credit rating 
agencies (as of [insert date of most recent list]) on 
the ESMA website http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. 
[The rating [∙] has given to the Trust Certificates is 
endorsed by [∙], which is established in the UK and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 
(as amended) as it forms part of domestic law of 
the United Kingdom by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation").]"; 
3. 
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons involved in the Issue 
 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealer], so far as each of the Trustee and the 
Government is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Trust Certificates has an interest 
material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealer] and [its/their] affiliates have engaged, and may in 
the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may 
perform services for, the Government and/or the Trustee (and each of their affiliates) in the 
ordinary course of business for which they may receive fees.] 
4. 
Yield: 
[∙] per cent. per annum. The yield is calculated at 
the Issue Date on the basis of the Issue Price. It is 
not an indication of future yield. 
5. 
Estimated Net Proceeds: 
[∙] 
 
6. 
Operational Information 
 
(a) 
ISIN: 
[∙]

--- Page 108 ---
- 94 - 
 
 
 
(b) 
Common Code: 
[∙] 
 
(c) 
[FISN: 
[∙] / [As set out on the website of the Association 
of Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency that assigned the ISIN]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
(d) 
[CFI Code: 
[∙] / [As set out on the website of the Association 
of Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency that assigned the ISIN]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
(e) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
Bank 
SA/NV 
and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s), address(es) and 
number(s)] 
 
(f) 
Delivery 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
(g) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[∙] 
 
(h) 
Stabilisation Manager(s): 
[∙]

--- Page 109 ---
- 95 - 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE TRUST CERTIFICATES 
The following is the text of the Terms and Conditions of the Trust Certificates, which (save for the text in 
italics and subject to completion in accordance with the provisions of Part A of the relevant Final Terms) 
will be endorsed on each Trust Certificate in definitive registered form issued under the Programme and 
will apply to each Global Trust Certificate. 
Sharjah Sukuk Programme Limited (in its capacity as issuer of the Trust Certificates (as defined below) 
and as trustee for the Certificateholders (as defined below), the "Trustee"), has established a programme 
(the "Programme") for the issuance of trust certificates (the "Trust Certificates"). 
As used herein, "Tranche" means Trust Certificates which are identical in all respects (including as to 
listing and admission to trading) and "Series" means a Tranche of Trust Certificates together with any 
further Tranche or Tranches of Trust Certificates which (a) are expressed to be consolidated and form a 
single series and (b) have the same terms and conditions or terms and conditions which are the same in all 
respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of Periodic Distribution Amounts (as defined 
herein) thereon and the date from which Periodic Distribution Amounts start to accrue. 
The final terms for this Trust Certificate (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the 
Final Terms attached to or endorsed on this Trust Certificate which complete these Terms and Conditions 
(these "Conditions"). References to the "applicable Final Terms" are to Part A of the Final Terms (or the 
relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Trust Certificate (save where otherwise 
expressed herein). 
Each of the Trust Certificates will represent an undivided ownership interest in the Trust Assets (as defined 
below) which are held by the Trustee on trust (the "Trust") for, inter alia, the benefit of the holders of the 
Trust Certificates pursuant to: (i) an amended and restated Master Declaration of Trust (the "Master 
Declaration of Trust") dated 5 July 2021 and made between the Trustee, the Government of the Emirate 
of Sharjah acting through the Sharjah Finance Department (the "Government") and Deutsche Trustee 
Company Limited (the "Delegate"); and (ii) a supplemental declaration of trust (the "Supplemental 
Declaration of Trust" and, together with the Master Declaration of Trust, the "Declaration of Trust") 
having the details set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
In these Conditions, references to "Trust Certificates" shall be references to the Trust Certificates of the 
Series which are the subject of the applicable Final Terms only, not to all Trust Certificates that may be 
issued under the Programme (whether in global form as a Global Trust Certificate or in definitive form as 
definitive Trust Certificates), which are the subject of the applicable Final Terms. 
Payments relating to the Trust Certificates will be made pursuant to an amended and restated agency 
agreement dated 5 July 2021 (the "Agency Agreement") made between the Trustee, the Delegate, the 
Government and Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch in its capacity as principal paying agent (in such 
capacity, the "Principal Paying Agent", which expression shall include any successor), the other paying 
agents named therein (in such capacity, the "Paying Agents") and the transfer agent (in such capacity, and 
together with Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A., in its capacity as transfer agent, the "Transfer Agents", 
which expression shall include any successor) and Deutsche Bank Luxembourg, S.A. in its capacity as 
registrar (in such capacity, the "Registrar", which expression shall include any successor). The Principal 
Paying Agent, the Paying Agents, the Transfer Agents and the Registrar are together referred to in these 
Conditions as the "Agents". 
The holders of the Trust Certificates (the "Certificateholders") are bound by, and are deemed to have 
notice of, all of the provisions applicable to them in the documents set out below, copies of which are 
available for inspection and/or collection by Certificateholders during normal business hours on any 
weekday (excluding Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays) at the specified office for the time being of 
the Principal Paying Agent: 
(a) 
an amended and restated master purchase agreement between the Trustee (in its capacity as 
purchaser), the Government (in its capacity as seller) and the Delegate dated 5 July 2021 (the 
"Master Purchase Agreement"); 
(b) 
the supplemental purchase agreement (the "Supplemental Purchase Agreement" and, together 
with the Master Purchase Agreement, the "Purchase Agreement") having the details set out in the 
applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 110 ---
- 96 - 
 
 
(c) 
an amended and restated master lease agreement between the Trustee (in such capacity as lessor), 
the Government (in its capacity as lessee) and the Delegate dated 5 July 2021 (the "Master Lease 
Agreement"); 
(d) 
the supplemental lease agreement (the "Supplemental Lease Agreement" and, together with the 
Master Lease Agreement, the "Lease Agreement") having the details set out in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
(e) 
an amended and restated purchase undertaking executed by the Government (in its capacity as 
obligor) as a deed dated 5 July 2021 (the "Purchase Undertaking"), containing the form of sale 
agreement (the "Sale Agreement") to be executed by the Government (in its capacity as purchaser) 
and the Trustee (in its capacity as seller) on the Scheduled Dissolution Date, the Dissolution Event 
Redemption Date, the Certificateholder Put Right Date or the Tangibility Event Put Right Date, as 
the case may be (each such expression having the meaning given to it in the Purchase Undertaking); 
(f) 
an amended and restated sale and substitution undertaking executed by the Trustee as a deed dated 
5 July 2021 (the "Sale and Substitution Undertaking") containing the form of sale agreement 
(the "Sale Agreement") to be executed by the Trustee (in its capacity as seller) and the Government 
(in its capacity as purchaser) on the Tax Dissolution Date, the Clean Up Call Right Dissolution 
Date, the Optional Dissolution Date, the Cancellation Date or the Substitution Date, as the case 
may be (each such expression having the meaning given to it in the Sale and Substitution 
Undertaking); 
(g) 
an amended and restated servicing agency agreement between the Trustee (in its capacity as lessor), 
the Government (in its capacity as servicing agent, the "Servicing Agent") and the Delegate dated 
5 July 2021 (the "Servicing Agency Agreement"); 
(h) 
an amended and restated master murabaha agreement between the Trustee (in such capacity as 
seller), the Government (in such capacity as buyer) and the Delegate dated 5 July 2021 (the 
"Master Murabaha Agreement"), together with the purchase order, the letter of offer and 
acceptance and all other offers, acceptances and confirmations delivered pursuant thereto in 
connection with the relevant Series; 
(i) 
a declaration of commingling of assets entered into by the Trustee as a deed pursuant to the 
Declaration of Trust; 
(j) 
the Declaration of Trust; 
(k) 
the Agency Agreement; and 
(l) 
the applicable Final Terms, 
(a) to (k) together being the "Transaction Documents". 
The statements in these Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the 
Transaction Documents. 
Each initial Certificateholder, by its acquisition and holding of its interest in a Trust Certificate, shall be 
deemed to authorise and direct the Trustee to enter into each Transaction Document to which it is a party, 
subject to the terms and conditions of the Declaration of Trust and these Conditions and to apply the sums 
paid by it in respect of its Trust Certificates in accordance with the terms of the Transaction Documents. 
1. 
Interpretation 
1.1 
Definitions 
Words and expressions defined in the Declaration of Trust and the Agency Agreement or used in 
the applicable Final Terms shall have the same meanings where used in these Conditions unless 
the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of 
inconsistency between any such document and the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final 
Terms will prevail. In addition, in these Conditions the following expressions have the following 
meanings:

--- Page 111 ---
- 97 - 
 
 
"Accrual Period" has the meaning given in Condition 7.2 (Determination of Periodic Distribution 
Amount); 
"Agency" means any political sub-division, regional or municipal government, ministry, 
department, authority or statutory corporation of the Government (whether or not autonomous) and 
any corporation or other entity which is directly or indirectly controlled or (as to 50 per cent. or 
more of its issued share capital or the equivalent thereof) owned by the Government; 
"Aggregation Agent" shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 19(a) (Appointment); 
"Business Day" means " a day which is: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) and settle 
payments in the Specified Currency in the Additional Business Centre(s) or, if no 
Specified Currency is indicated, generally in each Additional Business Centre specified in 
the applicable Final Terms; and 
(b) 
either: (i) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (if other 
than the Additional Business Centre); or (ii) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a 
TARGET2 Settlement Day; 
"Calculation Agent" shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 18(g) (Claims Valuation);  
"Cancellation Date" means the date on which Trust Certificates are to be cancelled as specified 
in the Cancellation Notice; 
"Cancellation Notice" means a notice substantially in the form set out in Schedule 2 to the Sale 
and Substitution Undertaking; 
"Cancelled Lease Asset(s)" means the assets to be sold by the Trustee (in its capacity as seller) to 
the Government (in its capacity as purchaser) in accordance with the Sale and Substitution 
Undertaking following the delivery of, and as specified in, an applicable Cancellation Notice; 
"Certificateholder Put Right" means the right exercisable by the Trustee at the request of 
Certificateholder pursuant to Condition 10.5 (Dissolution at the Option of the Certificateholders 
(Certificateholder Put Right)); 
"Certificateholder Put Right Date" means the date on which the relevant Trust Certificates are 
to be redeemed in accordance with Condition 10.5 (Dissolution at the Option of the 
Certificateholders (Certificateholder Put Right)), as specified in the relevant Exercise Notice, 
provided that such date is a Periodic Distribution Date, unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Certificateholder Put Right Exercise Price" has the meaning given to it in the Purchase 
Undertaking; 
"Clean Up Call Right Dissolution Amount" has the meaning given to it in Condition 10.7 
(Dissolution at the Option of the Government (Clean Up Call Right)); 
"Clean Up Call Right" means the right exercisable by the Trustee at the request of the Government 
pursuant to Condition 10.7 (Dissolution at the Option of the Government (Clean Up Call Right)); 
"Clean Up Call Right Dissolution Date" has the meaning given to it in Condition 10.7 
(Dissolution at the Option of the Government (Clean Up Call Right)); 
"Clearstream, Luxembourg" means Clearstream Banking S.A.; 
"Day Count Fraction" has the meaning given to it in Condition 7.2 (Determination of Periodic 
Distribution Amount);

--- Page 112 ---
- 98 - 
 
 
"Deferred Sale Price" has the meaning given to it in the Master Murabaha Agreement; 
"Determination Period" has the meaning given in Condition 7.2 (Determination of Periodic 
Distribution Amount); 
"Dispute" has the meaning given in Condition 25.2 (Arbitration); 
"Dissolution Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Dissolution Amount, the Dissolution 
Event Amount, the Tax Dissolution Amount, the Optional Dissolution Amount (Call), the Total 
Loss Dissolution Amount, the Optional Dissolution Amount (Put), the Clean Up Call Right 
Dissolution Amount, which shall, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, in each 
case, be equal to the sum of: 
(a) 
the outstanding face amount of the relevant Trust Certificates; and 
(b) 
any due and unpaid Periodic Distribution Amounts of such Trust Certificates; or 
(c) 
such other amount in the nature of a redemption amount as may be specified in, or 
determined in accordance with the provisions of, the applicable Final Terms (including 
any amount payable following a Total Loss Event); 
"Dissolution Date" means, as the case may be, (a) the Scheduled Dissolution Date, (b) the Tax 
Dissolution Date, (c) the Dissolution Event Redemption Date, (d) the Optional Dissolution Date, 
(e) the Total Loss Dissolution Date, (f) the Certificateholder Put Right Date, (g) the Tangibility 
Event Put Right Date and (h) the Clean Up Call Right Dissolution Date; 
"Dissolution Event" has the meaning given to it in Condition 14 (Dissolution Events); 
"Dissolution Event Amount" has the meaning given to it in Condition 10.8 (Dissolution following 
a Dissolution Event); 
"Dissolution Event Redemption Date" has the meaning given to it in Condition 14 (Dissolution 
Events); 
"Dissolution Notice" has the meaning given to it in Condition 14 (Dissolution Events); 
"Euroclear" means Euroclear Bank SA/NV; 
"Exercise Notice" means a notice substantially in the form set out in Schedule 1 to the Sale and 
Substitution Undertaking or the Purchase Undertaking, as applicable; 
"Exercise Price" has the meaning given to it in the Sale and Substitution Undertaking or the 
Purchase Undertaking, as applicable; 
"Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning given in Condition 18(a)(vii) (Convening Meetings 
of Certificateholders; Conduct of Meetings of Certificateholders; Written Resolutions); 
"Final Dissolution Amount" shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 10.1 (Scheduled 
Dissolution); 
"Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness for or in respect of: 
(a) 
moneys borrowed; 
(b) 
any amount drawn on any acceptance credit facility; 
(c) 
any amount raised pursuant to any note purchase facility or the issue of bonds, notes, trust 
certificates, debentures, loan stock or any similar instrument; 
(d) 
the amount of any liability in respect of any lease or hire purchase contract which would 
be treated as a finance or capital lease in accordance with the accounting standards, 
policies and procedures published from time to time by the International Accounting 
Standards Committee or any successor;

--- Page 113 ---
- 99 - 
 
 
(e) 
receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to the extent they are sold on a 
non-recourse basis); 
(f) 
any amount raised under any other transaction (including any Shari'a-compliant financing, 
forward sale or purchase agreement, sale and sale back or sale and leaseback agreement) 
having the commercial effect of either a borrowing or a drawing under a credit facility; 
(g) 
to the extent not otherwise included in this definition, the amount of any liability in respect 
of any repurchase or put option arrangement entered into in connection with any 
Securitisation; 
(h) 
any counter indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, indemnity, bond, standby or 
documentary letter of credit or any other instrument issued by a bank or financial 
institution; and 
(i) 
the amount of any liability in respect of any guarantee or indemnity for any of the items 
referred to in paragraphs (a) to (h) (inclusive) above; 
"Full Reinstatement Value" has the meaning given to it in the Servicing Agency Agreement; 
"Global Trust Certificate" means the Trust Certificates of each Series offered and sold in reliance 
on Regulation S, which will be sold to Persons who are not U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation 
S) outside the United States, in registered form; 
"Government Event" has the meaning given to it in Condition 14 (Dissolution Events); 
"Ijara Percentage" means the percentage specified hereon which, except when Trust Certificates 
are issued pursuant to Condition 23 (Further Issues), shall be no less than 55 per cent.; 
"Insurances" means the insurances in respect of the Lease Asset(s), as provided for in the 
Servicing Agency Agreement; 
"LCIA" means the London Court of International Arbitration; 
"Lease" has the meaning given to it in the Lease Agreement; 
"Lease Asset(s)" has the meaning given to it in the Lease Agreement; 
"Liability" means any loss, damage, cost, fee, charge, claim, demand, expense, judgment, action, 
proceeding or other liability whatsoever (including, without limitation, in respect of taxes, duties, 
levies, imposts and other charges) and including any value added tax or similar tax charged or 
chargeable in respect thereof and legal or other fees and expenses on a full indemnity basis; 
"Loss Shortfall Amount" has the meaning given to it in the Servicing Agency Agreement;  
"Members" has the meaning given to it in Condition 20(d) (Certification); 
"Multiple Series Single Limb Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning given in Condition 
18(c)(ii) (Multiple Series Aggregation – Single limb voting); 
"Multiple Series Single Limb Written Resolution" has the meaning given in Condition 18(c)(iii) 
(Multiple Series Aggregation – Single limb voting); 
"Multiple Series Two Limb Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning given in Condition 
18(c)(ii) (Multiple Series Aggregation – Single limb voting); 
"Multiple Series Two Limb Written Resolution" has the meaning given in Condition 18(c)(iii) 
(Multiple Series Aggregation – Single limb voting); 
"Murabaha Percentage" means the percentage specified hereon which, except when Trust 
Certificates are issued pursuant to Condition 23 (Further Issues), shall be no more than 45 per 
cent.; 
"nominee" shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 2.1 (Form and Denomination);

--- Page 114 ---
- 100 - 
 
 
"Optional Dissolution Amount (Call)" has the meaning given to it in Condition 10.3 (Dissolution 
at the Option of the Government (Optional Dissolution Call Right)); 
"Optional Dissolution Amount (Put)" has the meaning given to it in Condition 10.5 (Dissolution 
at the Option of the Certificateholders (Certificateholder Put Right)); 
"Optional Dissolution Call Right" means the right exercisable by the Trustee at the request of the 
Government pursuant to Condition 10.3 (Dissolution at the Option of the Government (Optional 
Dissolution Call Right)); 
"Optional Dissolution Date" means the date on which Trust Certificates are to be redeemed in 
accordance with Condition 10.3 (Dissolution at the Option of the Government (Optional 
Dissolution Call Right)), as specified in the relevant Exercise Notice; 
"Partial Loss Dissolution Event" means, in relation to any Series, the termination of the Lease on 
the 61st day after the Partial Loss Event Date as a result of either: (a) the delivery by the 
Government of a Partial Loss Termination Notice to the Trustee within 30 days after the Partial 
Loss Event Date in accordance with the terms of the Lease Agreement; or (b) the failure by the 
Government to replace the Lease Assets within 60 days after the Partial Loss Event Date in 
accordance with the terms of the Servicing Agency Agreement; 
"Partial Loss Event" means the partial impairment of one or more Lease Assets in a manner that 
substantially deprives the Lessee from the benefits expected from the whole of the Lease Assets, 
as determined by the Lessee and the occurrence of which (a) has been certified in writing by a 
recognised independent industry expert; (b) has not arisen as a result of the Lessee's negligence or 
misconduct; and (c) does not constitute a Total Loss Event. 
"Partial Loss Event Date" has the meaning given to it in the Lease Agreement; 
"Partial Loss Termination Notice" has the meaning given to it in the Lease Agreement; 
"Payment Business Day" means: 
(a) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of surrender (as required) of the definitive Trust 
Certificate are open for payment of registered securities and for dealings in foreign 
currencies; and 
(b) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account: 
(i) 
if the currency of payment is euro, a TARGET2 Settlement Day and a day on 
which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional 
Financial Centre; or 
(ii) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is a day on which dealings 
in foreign currencies may be carried on in the principal financial centre of the 
currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; 
"Periodic Distribution Amount" means, in relation to a Trust Certificate and a Return 
Accumulation Period, the amount of profit payable in respect of that Trust Certificate for that 
Return Accumulation Period which amount may be a Fixed Amount, a Broken Amount or an 
amount otherwise calculated in accordance with Condition 7 (Fixed Periodic Distribution 
Provisions) (as the case may be); 
"Periodic Distribution Date" means the first Periodic Distribution Date and any other date or 
dates specified as such in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Permitted Security Interest" means: 
(a) 
any Security Interest upon property or assets incurred for the purpose of financing the 
acquisition or construction, improvement or repair of such property or asset or any renewal 
or extension of any such Security Interest, which is limited to the original property or asset

--- Page 115 ---
- 101 - 
 
 
covered thereby and which secures any renewal or extension of the original secured 
financing; 
(b) 
any Security Interest existing on any property or asset at the time of its acquisition and 
any renewal or extension of any such Security Interest which is limited to the original 
property or asset covered thereby and which secures any renewal or extension of the 
original secured financing; 
(c) 
any Security Interest in existence on 5 July 2021; 
(d) 
any Security Interest arising in the ordinary course of banking transactions and securing 
the Relevant Indebtedness of the Government maturing not more than one year after the 
date on which it is originally incurred; 
(e) 
any Security Interest arising by operation of law or which arose pursuant to any order of 
attachment, distraint or similar legal process arising in connection with court proceedings 
so long as the execution or other enforcement thereof is effectively stayed and the claims 
secured thereby are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings; 
(f) 
(f)any Security Interest incurred for the purpose of financing all or part of the costs of the 
acquisition, construction, development, improvement, repair or expansion of any project 
(including costs such as escalation, interest during construction and financing and 
refinancing costs); provided that the property over which such Security Interest is granted 
consists solely of the property, assets or revenues of such project (including, without 
limitation, royalties and other similar payments accruing to the Emirate of Sharjah 
generated by the relevant project); and 
(g) 
any Security Interest arising in connection with the incurrence of Relevant Indebtedness 
as part of a Securitisation or any renewal or extension thereof; 
"Person" means any individual, corporation, partnership, joint venture, association, joint stock 
company, trust, unincorporated organisation, limited liability company or government or agency, 
or political subdivision thereof, or other entity; 
"Potential Dissolution Event" means any event which, with the giving of notice, lapse of time, 
determination of materiality or fulfilment of any other applicable condition (or any combination of 
the foregoing), would constitute a Dissolution Event; 
"Profit Amount" has the meaning given to it in the Master Murabaha Agreement; 
"Profit Amount Instalment" has the meaning given to it in the Master Murabaha Agreement; 
"Rate" means the rate or rates specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Record Date" (a) means: (i) in respect of a Global Trust Certificate, at the close of the business 
day (being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are open for 
business) before the relevant Periodic Distribution Date or the relevant Dissolution Date, as the 
case may be; and (ii) in respect of Trust Certificates in definitive form, the date falling on the 
seventh day before the relevant Periodic Distribution Date or the Dissolution Date, as the case may 
be, and (b) in the case of meetings of Certificateholders (as provided in Condition 18 (Meetings of 
Certificateholders; Written Resolutions)), has the meaning given to it in Condition 18(a)(vi) 
(Convening Meetings of Certificateholders; Conduct of Meetings of Certificateholders;Written 
Resolutions); 
"Register" has the meaning given in Condition 2.2 (Register); 
"Regulation S" means Regulation S under the Securities Act; 
"Relevant Date" means, in relation to any payment, the date on which the payment in question 
first becomes due or if the full amount payable has not been received in the principal financial 
centre of the currency of payment by the Principal Paying Agent on or prior to such due date, the 
date on which the full amount has been so received or (if earlier) the date seven days after that on 
which notice is duly given to Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) that,

--- Page 116 ---
- 102 - 
 
 
upon further presentation or surrender, as applicable, of the Trust Certificate being made in 
accordance with these Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact 
made upon such presentation or surrender, as applicable; 
"Relevant Indebtedness" means, in relation to any Person, any indebtedness of such Person which 
is in the form of or represented by any bond (including Shari'a-compliant certificates), note, loan 
stock, debenture or similar instrument which is, or is intended to be, or is capable of being, listed, 
traded or dealt in on any stock exchange or over the counter market; 
"Relevant Jurisdiction" means the Cayman Islands, the Emirate of Sharjah, the UAE or any 
political subdivision or authority thereof or therein having the power to tax; 
"Relevant Sukuk Obligation" means any undertaking or other obligation to pay any money given 
in connection with the issue of trust certificates whether or not in return for consideration of any 
kind where the trust certificates concerned are, or are intended to be, or are capable of being, listed, 
traded or dealt in on any stock exchange or over the counter market; 
"Rentals" has the meaning given to it in the relevant Supplemental Lease Agreement; 
"Required Amount" has the meaning given to it in the Servicing Agency Agreement; 
"Reserved Matter" has the meaning given in Condition 18(e) (Reserved Matters); 
"Return Accumulation Commencement Date" means the Issue Date or such other date as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Return Accumulation Period" means the period from (and including) a Periodic Distribution 
Date (or the Return Accumulation Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) 
Periodic Distribution Date; 
"Rules" has the meaning given in Condition 25.2 (Arbitration); 
"Scheduled Dissolution Date" means the date on which Trust Certificates are to be redeemed in 
accordance with Condition 10.1 (Scheduled Dissolution); 
"Securities Act" means the United States Securities Act of 1933; 
"Securities Capable of Aggregation" has the meaning given in Condition 18(a)(x) (Convening 
Meetings of Certificateholders; Conduct of Meetings of Certificateholders; Written Resolutions ); 
"Securitisation" means any securitisation (Shari'a-compliant or otherwise) of existing or future 
assets and/or revenues, provided that: (a) any Security Interest given by the Government in 
connection therewith is limited solely to the assets and/or revenues which are the subject of the 
securitisation; (b) each person participating in such securitisation expressly agrees to limit its 
recourse to the assets and/or revenues so securitised as the principal source of repayment for the 
money advanced or payment of any other liability; and (c) there is no other recourse to the 
Government in respect of any default by any person under the securitisation; 
"Security Interest" means any mortgage, pledge, security interest, encumbrance, lien or charge of 
any kind; 
"Service Charge Amounts" has the meaning given to it in the Servicing Agency Agreement; 
"Single Series Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning given in Condition 18(b)(ii) 
(Modification of this Series of Trust Certificates only); 
"Single Series Written Resolution" has the meaning given in Condition 18(b)(iii) (Modification 
of this Series of Trust Certificates only); 
"Specified Currency" means the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if 
none is specified, the currency in which the Trust Certificates are denominated;

--- Page 117 ---
- 103 - 
 
 
"Stock Exchange" means, in relation to the Trust Certificates, the stock exchange or exchanges (if 
any) on which the Trust Certificates are for the time being quoted or listed; 
"TARGET2 Settlement Day" means any day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-
Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) System is open; 
"Taxes" means any present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, fees, assessments or other 
charges of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Relevant Jurisdiction; 
"Tax Dissolution Amount" has the meaning given to it in Condition 10.2 (Early Dissolution for 
Tax Reasons); 
"Tax Dissolution Date" has the meaning given to it in Condition 10.2 (Early Dissolution for Tax 
Reasons); 
"Tax Event" has the meaning given to it in Condition 10.2 (Early Dissolution for Tax Reasons); 
"Total Loss Dissolution Amount" has the meaning given to it in Condition 10.4 (Dissolution 
following a Total Loss Event); 
"Total Loss Dissolution Date" has the meaning given to it in Condition 10.4 (Dissolution 
following a Total Loss Event); 
"Total Loss Event" has the meaning given to it in Condition 10.4 (Dissolution following a Total 
Loss Event); 
"Transaction Account" means the non-interest bearing account in the Trustee's name maintained 
with the Principal Paying Agent, details of which are specified in the applicable Final Terms and 
which shall be held in the United Kingdom; 
"Trust Assets" means the assets, rights and/or cash described in Condition 5.1 (Trust Assets); 
"Uniformly Applicable" has the meaning given in Condition 18(c)(v) (Multiple Series 
Aggregation – Single limb voting) and 
"Written Resolution" has the meaning given in Condition 18(a)(viii) (Convening Meetings of 
Certificateholders; Conduct of Meetings of Certificateholders; Written Resolutions). 
1.2 
Interpretation 
In these Conditions: 
(a) 
any reference to face amount shall be deemed to include any Dissolution Amount and any 
other amount in the nature of face amounts payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(b) 
any reference to Periodic Distribution Amounts shall be deemed to include any additional 
amounts in respect of profit distributions which may be payable under Conditions 10 
(Capital Distributions of Trust) and 12 (Taxation) and any other amount in the nature of 
a profit distribution payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(c) 
references to Trust Certificates being "outstanding" shall be construed in accordance with 
the Master Declaration of Trust; and 
(d) 
any reference to a Transaction Document shall be construed as a reference to that 
Transaction Document as amended and/or supplemented up to and including the Issue 
Date. 
2. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
2.1 
Form and Denomination 
The Trust Certificates are issued in registered form in the Specified Denominations and, in the case 
of Trust Certificates in definitive form, are serially numbered.

--- Page 118 ---
- 104 - 
 
 
Upon issue, the Trust Certificates will be represented by a Global Trust Certificate which will be 
registered in the name of nominees for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
For so long as any of the Trust Certificates are represented by a Global Trust Certificate held on 
behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, each Person (other than Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular face amount of such Trust Certificates (in 
which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
as to the face amount of such Trust Certificates standing to the account of any Person shall be 
conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error or proven error) shall be 
treated by the Trustee, the Delegate, the Government and the Agents as the holder of such face 
amount of such Trust Certificates for all purposes other than with respect to payment in respect of 
such Trust Certificates, for which purpose the registered holder (the "nominee") of the Global 
Trust Certificate shall be treated by the Trustee, the Delegate, the Government and any Agent as 
the holder of such face amount of such Trust Certificates in accordance with and subject to the 
terms of the relevant Global Trust Certificate, and the expressions "Certificateholder" and 
"holder" in relation to any Trust Certificates and related expressions shall be construed 
accordingly. Each Certificateholder must look solely to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
for its share of each payment made to the nominee. 
Trust Certificates which are represented by a Global Trust Certificate will be transferable only in 
accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
References to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be 
deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in Part B 
of the applicable Final Terms. 
2.2 
Register 
The Registrar will maintain a register (the "Register") of Certificateholders in respect of the Trust 
Certificates in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement. In the case of Trust 
Certificates in definitive form, a definitive Trust Certificate will be issued to each Certificateholder 
in respect of its registered holding of Trust Certificates. 
2.3 
Title 
The Trustee, the Delegate, the Government and the Agents may (to the fullest extent permitted by 
applicable laws) deem and treat the Person in whose name any outstanding Trust Certificate is for 
the time being registered (as set out in the Register) as the holder of such Trust Certificate or of a 
particular face amount of the Trust Certificates for all purposes (whether or not such Trust 
Certificate or face amount shall be overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership thereof 
or of trust or other interest with regard thereto, and any notice of loss or theft or any writing 
thereon), and the Trustee, the Delegate, the Government and the Agents shall not be affected by 
any notice to the contrary. 
All payments made to such registered holder shall be valid and, to the extent of the sums so paid, 
effective to satisfy and discharge the liability for monies payable in respect of such Trust Certificate 
or face amount. 
3. 
Transfers of Trust Certificates 
3.1 
Transfers of beneficial interests in the Global Trust Certificate 
Transfers of beneficial interests in the Global Trust Certificate will be effected by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, and, in turn, by other participants and, if appropriate, indirect 
participants in such clearing systems acting on behalf of transferors and transferees of such 
interests. An interest in the Global Trust Certificate will, subject to compliance with all applicable 
legal and regulatory restrictions, be transferable for Trust Certificates in definitive form only in the 
Specified Denomination or integral multiples thereof and only in accordance with the rules and 
operating procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and in

--- Page 119 ---
- 105 - 
 
 
accordance with the terms and conditions specified in the Declaration of Trust and the Agency 
Agreement. 
3.2 
Transfers of Trust Certificates in Definitive Form 
(a) 
Transfer 
Subject to this Condition 3.2 and Conditions 3.3 (Closed Periods) and 3.4 (Formalites 
Free of Charge), a definitive Trust Certificate may be transferred in whole or in an amount 
equal to the Specified Denomination or any integral multiple thereof by depositing the 
definitive Trust Certificate, with the form of transfer on the back duly completed and 
signed, at the specified office of the Registrar. 
(b) 
Delivery of new definitive Trust Certificates 
Each new definitive Trust Certificate to be issued upon transfer of definitive Trust 
Certificates will, within five business days of receipt by the Registrar of the duly 
completed form of transfer endorsed on the relevant definitive Trust Certificate, be mailed 
by uninsured mail at the risk of the holder entitled to the definitive Trust Certificate to the 
address specified in the form of transfer. For the purposes of this Condition, "business 
day" shall mean a day on which banks are open for business in the city in which the 
specified office of the Registrar is located. 
Where some but not all of the Trust Certificates in respect of which a definitive Trust 
Certificate is issued are to be transferred, a new definitive Trust Certificate in respect of 
the Trust Certificates not so transferred will, within five business days of receipt by the 
Registrar of the original definitive Trust Certificate, be mailed by uninsured mail at the 
risk of the holder of the Trust Certificates not so transferred to the address of such holder 
appearing on the Register or as specified in the form of transfer. 
(c) 
Regulations 
All transfers of definitive Trust Certificates and entries on the Register will be made 
subject to the detailed regulations concerning the transfer of Trust Certificates scheduled 
to the Master Declaration of Trust. A copy of the current regulations will be mailed (free 
of charge) by the Registrar to any Certificateholder who requests one. Notwithstanding 
the above, the Trustee may from time to time agree with the Registrar reasonable 
regulations to govern the transfer and registration of definitive Trust Certificates. 
3.3 
Closed periods 
No Certificateholder may require the transfer of a definitive Trust Certificate to be registered 
during the period of 15 days ending on a Periodic Distribution Date or a Dissolution Date or any 
other date on which any payment of the face amount or payment of any profit in respect of a Trust 
Certificate falls due. 
3.4 
Formalities free of charge 
Transfers of Trust Certificates on registration or exercise of an early dissolution right will be 
effected without charge by or on behalf of the Trustee, the Registrar or the Transfer Agents, but 
upon payment (or the giving of such indemnity as the Trustee, the Registrar and/or the Transfer 
Agents may reasonably require) in respect of any tax or other governmental charges which may be 
imposed in relation to such transfer. 
3.5 
Regulations 
All transfers of definitive Trust Certificates and entries on the Register will be made subject to the 
detailed regulations concerning the transfer of Trust Certificates scheduled to the Master 
Declaration of Trust. A copy of the current regulations will be mailed (free of charge) by the 
Registrar to any Certificateholder who requests one. Notwithstanding the above, the Trustee may 
from time to time agree with the Registrar reasonable regulations to govern the transfer and 
registration of definitive Trust Certificates.

--- Page 120 ---
- 106 - 
 
 
4. 
Status and Limited Recourse 
4.1 
Status 
Each Trust Certificate evidences an undivided ownership interest in the Trust Assets subject to the 
terms of the Declaration of Trust and these Conditions, and is a direct, unsubordinated, unsecured 
and limited recourse obligation of the Trustee. Each Trust Certificate ranks pari passu, without any 
preference or priority, with the other Trust Certificates. 
The payment obligations of the Government (in any capacity) to the Trustee under the Transaction 
Documents to which it is a party in respect of each Series of Trust Certificates are and will be 
direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the negative pledge provisions described in 
the Purchase Undertaking) unsecured obligations of the Government and (save for such exceptions 
as may be provided by applicable legislation and subject to the negative pledge provisions 
described in the Purchase Undertaking) at all times rank at least pari passu with all other present 
and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Government from time to time 
outstanding, provided, further, that the Government shall have no obligation to effect equal or 
rateable payment(s) at any time with respect to any such other obligations and, in particular, shall 
have no obligation to pay such other obligations at the same time or as a condition of paying sums 
due under the Transaction Documents and vice versa. 
4.2 
Negative Pledge 
The Government has agreed in the Purchase Undertaking that for so long as any Trust Certificate 
remains outstanding, it will not create or permit to subsist any Security Interest, other than a 
Permitted Security Interest, upon the whole or any part of its present or future assets or revenues 
to secure any Relevant Indebtedness or Relevant Sukuk Obligation, or any guarantee or indemnity 
in respect of Relevant Indebtedness or a Relevant Sukuk Obligation, of any Person, without: 
(a) 
at the same time or prior thereto securing equally and rateably therewith its obligations 
under the Transaction Documents to which it is, in whatever capacity, a party; or 
(b) 
providing such other Security Interest for the obligations of the Government under the 
Transaction Documents as may be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the 
Certificateholders. 
4.3 
Limited Recourse 
The proceeds of the Trust Assets are the sole source of payments on the Trust Certificates. Save as 
provided in the next sentence, the Trust Certificates do not represent an interest in or obligation of 
any of the Trustee, the Government, the Delegate, the Agents or any of their respective affiliates. 
Accordingly, Certificateholders, by subscribing for or acquiring the Trust Certificates, 
acknowledge that: 
(a) 
they will not have recourse to any assets of the Trustee, the Delegate, the Agents, or any 
of their respective affiliates in respect of any shortfall in the expected amounts from the 
Trust Assets to the extent the Trust Assets have been exhausted following which all 
obligations of the Trustee shall be extinguished; and 
(b) 
any recourse to the assets of the Government shall be limited to the Trust Assets, which 
include obligations of the Government under the Transaction Documents. 
The Government is obliged to make certain payments under the Transaction Documents directly 
to the Trustee (for and on behalf of the Certificateholders), and the Delegate (for and on behalf of 
the Trustee) will have direct recourse against the Government to recover such payments. 
The net proceeds of realisation of, or enforcement with respect to, the Trust Assets may not be 
sufficient to make all payments due in respect of the Trust Certificates. If, following the distribution 
of such proceeds, there remains a shortfall in payments due under the Trust Certificates, subject to 
Condition 15 (Enforcement and Exercise of Rights), no holder of Trust Certificates will have any 
claim against the Trustee, the Government (to the extent that it fulfils all of its obligations under 
the Transaction Documents), the Delegate, the Agents or any of their respective affiliates or against 
any assets (other than the Trust Assets to the extent not exhausted) in respect of such shortfall and

--- Page 121 ---
- 107 - 
 
 
any unsatisfied claims of Certificateholders shall be extinguished. In particular, no holder of Trust 
Certificates will be able to petition for, or join any other person in instituting proceedings for, the 
reorganisation, liquidation, winding-up or receivership of the Trustee, the Government (to the 
extent that it fulfils all of its obligations under the Transaction Documents), the Delegate, the 
Agents or any of their respective affiliates as a consequence of such shortfall or otherwise. 
4.4 
Agreement of Certificateholders 
By subscribing for or acquiring the Trust Certificates, each Certificateholder acknowledges and 
agrees that notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in any other Transaction 
Document: 
(a) 
no payment of any amount whatsoever shall be made by any of the Trustee, the Delegate 
(acting in the name and on behalf of the Trustee) or any of their respective agents on their 
behalf except to the extent funds are available therefor from the Trust Assets; 
(b) 
no recourse shall be had for the payment of any amount owing hereunder or under any 
relevant Transaction Document, whether for the payment of any fee, indemnity or other 
amount hereunder or any other obligation or claim arising out of or based upon the 
Transaction Documents, against the Trustee (and/or its directors, officers or 
administrators), the Government (and/or its officers) (to the extent that it fulfils all of its 
obligations under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party), the Delegate, any 
Agent or any of their respective agents or affiliates to the extent the Trust Assets have 
been exhausted following which all obligations of the Trustee, the Delegate, the 
Government, any Agents and their respective agents or affiliates shall be extinguished; 
(c) 
prior to the date which is one year and one day after the date on which all amounts owing 
by the Trustee under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party have been paid in 
full, it will not institute against, or join with any other person in instituting against, the 
Trustee any bankruptcy, reorganisation, arrangement or liquidation proceedings or other 
proceedings under any bankruptcy or similar law; 
(d) 
no recourse under any obligation, covenant or agreement contained in any Transaction 
Document shall be had against any officer, agent or director of the Trustee, by the 
enforcement of any assessment or by any proceeding, by virtue of any statute or otherwise. 
The obligations of the Trustee under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party are 
corporate or limited liability obligations of the Trustee and no personal liability shall attach 
to or be incurred by the officers, agents or directors of the Trustee save in the case of their 
wilful default or actual fraud. Reference in these Conditions to wilful default or actual 
fraud means a finding to such effect by a court of competent jurisdiction in relation to the 
conduct of the relevant party; and 
(e) 
it shall not be entitled to claim or exercise any right of set-off, counterclaim, abatement or 
other similar remedy which it might otherwise have, under the laws of any jurisdiction, in 
respect of such Trust Certificate. No collateral is or will be given for the payment 
obligations by the Trustee under the Trust Certificates. 
5. 
The Trust 
5.1 
Trust Assets 
The Trust Assets will comprise: 
(a) 
the cash proceeds of the Trust Certificates, pending application thereof in accordance with 
the terms of the Transaction Documents; 
(b) 
the rights, title and interest, present and future, of the Trustee in, to and under the Lease 
Asset(s); 
(c) 
the rights, title, interest and benefit, present and future, of the Trustee in, to and under the 
Transaction Documents (excluding: (i) any representations given by the Government to 
the Trustee and the Delegate pursuant to the Transaction Documents; and (ii) the covenant 
given to the Trustee pursuant to clause 15.1 of the Master Declaration of Trust);

--- Page 122 ---
- 108 - 
 
 
(d) 
all monies standing to the credit of the Transaction Account from time to time; and 
(e) 
all proceeds of the foregoing. 
5.2 
Application of Proceeds from the Trust Assets 
Pursuant to the Declaration of Trust, the Trustee holds the Trust Assets on trust absolutely for and 
on behalf of the Certificateholders. On each Periodic Distribution Date, or on any Dissolution Date, 
the Principal Paying Agent, notwithstanding any instructions to the contrary from the Trustee, will 
apply the monies standing to the credit of the Transaction Account in the following order of 
priority: 
(a) 
first, (to the extent not previously paid) to the Delegate in respect of all amounts owing to 
it under the Transaction Documents in its capacity as Delegate; 
(b) 
secondly, to the Principal Paying Agent for application in or towards payment pari passu 
and rateably of all Periodic Distribution Amounts due and unpaid; 
(c) 
thirdly, only if such payment is made on any Dissolution Date, to the Principal Paying 
Agent in or towards payment pari passu and rateably of the Dissolution Amount; 
(d) 
fourthly, only if such payment is made on any Dissolution Date on which all the Trust 
Certificates of the relevant Series are redeemed in full, to the Servicing Agent in or 
towards payment of all outstanding Service Charge Amounts (if any); and 
(e) 
fifthly, only if such payment is made on any Dissolution Date on which all the Trust 
Certificates of the relevant Series are redeemed in full, to the Government. 
6. 
Covenants 
6.1 
Subject to Condition 6.2 below, the Trustee covenants that, for so long as any Trust Certificate is 
outstanding, it will not (without the prior written consent of the Delegate): 
(a) 
incur any indebtedness, in respect of borrowed money whatsoever (including any Islamic 
financing), or give any guarantee or indemnity in respect of any obligation of any person 
or issue any shares (or rights, warrants or options in respect of shares or securities 
convertible into or exchangeable for shares) or any other certificates except, in all cases, 
as contemplated in the Transaction Documents; 
(b) 
save as permitted by the Transaction Documents, grant or permit to be outstanding any 
lien, pledge, charge or other security interest upon any of its present or future assets, 
properties or revenues (other than those arising by operation of law);  
(c) 
sell, lease, transfer, assign, participate, exchange or otherwise dispose of, or pledge, 
mortgage, hypothecate or otherwise encumber (by security interest, lien (statutory or 
otherwise), preference, priority or other security agreement or preferential arrangement of 
any kind or nature whatsoever or otherwise) (or permit such to occur or suffer such to 
exist), any part of its interest in any of the Trust Assets, except pursuant to the Transaction 
Documents; 
(d) 
use the proceeds of the issue of the Trust Certificates for any purpose other than as stated 
in the Transaction Documents; 
(e) 
amend or agree to any amendment of any Transaction Document to which it is a party 
(other than in accordance with the terms thereof) or its memorandum and articles of 
association and by-laws (other than in relation to any increase in the aggregate face amount 
of the Programme); 
(f) 
act as trustee in respect of any trust (other than pursuant to the Declaration of Trust); 
(g) 
have any subsidiaries or employees;

--- Page 123 ---
- 109 - 
 
 
(h) 
redeem or purchase any of its shares or pay any dividend or make any other distribution 
to its shareholders (excluding any consideration payable by the Trustee (acting in any 
capacity) to the Government (acting in any capacity) as contemplated by the Transaction 
Documents or these Conditions); 
(i) 
prior to the date which is one year and one day after the date on which all amounts owing 
by the Trustee under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party have been paid in 
full, put to its directors or shareholders any resolution for, or appoint any liquidator for, 
its winding-up, liquidation or dissolution or any resolution for the commencement of any 
other bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding with respect to it; or 
(j) 
enter into any contract, transaction, amendment, obligation or liability other than the 
Transaction Documents to which it is a party or any permitted amendment or supplement 
thereto or as expressly permitted or required thereunder or engage in any business or 
activity other than: 
(i) 
any such contract, transaction, amendment, obligation or liability in relation to its 
operations that is of a routine or administrative nature; 
(ii) 
as provided for or permitted in the Transaction Documents; 
(iii) 
the ownership, management and disposal of the Trust Assets as provided in the 
Transaction Documents; and 
(iv) 
such other matters which are incidental thereto. 
6.2 
Nothing in sub-paragraph (a) of Condition 6.1 above, shall prevent the Trustee from issuing (or 
entering into any transaction for the purpose of issuing or entering into any contract in relation 
thereto or performing any of its obligations thereunder) any sukuk, certificates or other securities 
intended to be issued in compliance with the principles of Shari'a provided that: (a) such securities 
are, or are intended to be quoted, listed or dealt in or traded on any stock exchange or over-the-
counter or other securities market; (b) in respect of such securities, the obligations of the 
Government to the Trustee shall rank at least pari passu with the obligations of the Government to 
the Trustee in respect of the Trust Certificates; and (c) the obligations of the Trustee in respect of 
such securities shall rank pari passu with the Trust Certificates. 
7. 
Fixed Periodic Distribution Provisions 
7.1 
Periodic Distribution Amount 
A Periodic Distribution Amount for the Trust Certificates will be payable in respect of the Trust 
Certificates and will be distributable by the Trustee to the Certificateholders, pro rata to their 
respective holdings, in accordance with these Conditions. 
7.2 
Determination of Periodic Distribution Amount 
Except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the Periodic Distribution Amount payable in 
respect of each Trust Certificate in definitive form for any Return Accumulation Period shall be 
the Fixed Amount. Payments of Periodic Distribution Amount in respect of Trust Certificates in 
definitive form on any Periodic Distribution Date may, if so specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so specified. 
Except in the case of Trust Certificates in definitive form where a Fixed Amount or Broken Amount 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Periodic Distribution Amount shall be calculated in 
respect of any period by applying the Rate applicable to the relevant Return Accumulation Period 
to: 
(a) 
in the case of Trust Certificates which are represented by a Global Trust Certificate, the 
aggregate outstanding face amount of the Trust Certificates represented by such Global 
Trust Certificate; or 
(b) 
in the case of Trust Certificates in definitive form, the Calculation Amount,

--- Page 124 ---
- 110 - 
 
 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-
unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where 
the Specified Denomination of a Trust Certificate in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation 
Amount, the Periodic Distribution Amount payable in respect of such Trust Certificate shall be the 
product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and 
the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, 
without any further rounding. 
In these Conditions: 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of a Periodic Distribution Amount in 
accordance with these Conditions: 
(a) 
if "Actual/Actual" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Return Accumulation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Return 
Accumulation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Return Accumulation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) 
the actual number of days in that portion of the Return Accumulation Period falling in a 
non-leap year divided by 365); 
(b) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Return Accumulation Period divided by 365; 
(c) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Return Accumulation Period divided by 365 or, in the case of a Periodic 
Distribution Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
(d) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Return Accumulation Period divided by 360; 
(e) 
if "30/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the Return 
Accumulation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
DayCountFraction = [360 x (𝑌𝑌2 −𝑌𝑌1) + (30 x (𝑀𝑀2 −𝑀𝑀1) + (𝐷𝐷2 −𝐷𝐷1)]
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Return Accumulation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Return Accumulation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Return 
Accumulation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Return Accumulation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Return Accumulation Period, 
unless such number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Return Accumulation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is 
greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(f) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
in the case of Trust Certificates where the number of days in the relevant period 
from (and including) the most recent Periodic Distribution Date (or, if none, the 
Return Accumulation Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant

--- Page 125 ---
- 111 - 
 
 
payment date (the "Accrual Period") is equal to or shorter than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual 
Period divided by the product of (A) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (B) the number of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Trust Certificates where the Accrual Period is longer than the 
Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(A) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(B) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates 
that would occur in one calendar year. 
"Determination Period" means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Return Accumulation 
Commencement Date or the final Periodic Distribution Date is not a Determination Date, the period 
commencing on the first Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date 
falling after, such date); and 
"sub-unit" means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency 
that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent. 
7.3 
Payment in Arrear 
Subject to Condition 7.4 (Cessation of Profit Entitlement), Condition 10.2 (Early Dissolution for 
Tax Reasons) to 10.5 (Dissolution at the Option of the Certificateholders (Certificateholder Put 
Right)) and Condition 14 (Dissolution Events), and unless otherwise specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, each Periodic Distribution Amount will be paid in respect of the relevant Trust 
Certificates in arrear on each Periodic Distribution Date in respect of the Return Accumulation 
Period ending immediately before that Periodic Distribution Date. 
7.4 
Cessation of Profit Entitlement 
No further amounts will be payable on any Trust Certificate from and including (a) the Dissolution 
Date (excluding a Total Loss Dissolution Date), unless default is made in the payment of the 
Dissolution Amount in which case Periodic Distribution Amounts will continue to accrue in respect 
of the Trust Certificates in the manner provided in this Condition 7.4 to the earlier of: (i) the 
Relevant Date; or (ii) the date on which a sale agreement is executed pursuant to the Sale and 
Substitution Undertaking or the Purchase Undertaking, as the case may be; and (b) the date on 
which a Total Loss Event occurs. 
8. 
Payment 
Payment of Dissolution Amounts and Periodic Distribution Amounts will be made by transfer to 
the registered account (as defined below) of a Certificateholder. Payments of Dissolution Amounts 
(where all of the Trust Certificates of the relevant Series are to be redeemed in full) will only be 
made against surrender of the relevant Trust Certificate (or the Certificate representing such Trust 
Certificate) at the specified office of the Registrar or the Principal Paying Agent. Dissolution 
Amounts and Periodic Distribution Amounts will be paid to the Certificateholder shown on the 
Register at the close of business on the relevant Record Date. 
For the purposes of this Condition 8, a Certificateholder's "registered account" means the account 
in the Specified Currency maintained by or on behalf of such Certificateholder with a bank that 
processes payments in the Specified Currency, details of which appear on the Register at the close 
of business on the relevant Record Date.

--- Page 126 ---
- 112 - 
 
 
All such payments will be made subject to any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable 
thereto in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions described in Condition 12 
(Taxation). No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Certificateholders in respect of 
such payments. 
Payment instructions will be initiated on the Payment Business Day preceding the due date for 
payment or, in the case of a payment of face amounts (where all of the Trust Certificates of the 
relevant Series are to be redeemed in full) if later, on the Payment Business Day on which the 
relevant Trust Certificate is surrendered (where such surrender is required) at the specified office 
of the Registrar or the Principal Paying Agent. 
Certificateholders will not be entitled to any payment for any delay after the due date in receiving 
the amount due if the due date is not a Payment Business Day, if the Certificateholder is late in 
surrendering its Trust Certificate (if required to do so in accordance with this Condition 8). 
If the amount of any Dissolution Amount or Periodic Distribution Amount is not paid in full when 
due, the Registrar will annotate the Register with a record of the amount of such Dissolution 
Amount or Periodic Distribution Amount in fact paid. 
9. 
Agents 
9.1 
Agents of Trustee 
In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Trust Certificates, the Agents 
act solely as agents of the Trustee and (to the extent provided therein) the Delegate and do not 
assume any obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust for or with any of the 
Certificateholders. 
9.2 
Specified Offices 
The names of the initial Agents are set out above. If any additional Paying Agents are appointed 
in connection with any Series, the names of such Paying Agents will be specified in Part B of the 
Final Terms attached to or endorsed on this Trust Certificate. The Trustee reserves the right at any 
time to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and to appoint additional or other Agents 
provided, however, that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be a Principal Paying Agent; 
(b) 
there will at all times be a Registrar; and 
(c) 
so long as any Trust Certificates are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation on any 
listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system, there will at all times be a 
Paying Agent, Registrar and a Transfer Agent having its specified office in such place (if 
any) as may be required by the rules of such listing authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system. 
Notice of any variation, termination or appointment and of any changes in specified offices will be 
given to the Certificateholders promptly by the Trustee in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices). 
10. 
Capital Distributions of Trust 
10.1 
Scheduled Dissolution 
Unless the Trust Certificates are redeemed, purchased and/or cancelled earlier, each Trust 
Certificate shall be redeemed on the Scheduled Dissolution Date at its Final Dissolution Amount, 
including all unpaid Periodic Distribution Amounts accrued (if any) to (but excluding) the 
Scheduled Dissolution Date (the "Final Dissolution Amount"). Upon payment in full of such 
amounts, the Trust will be dissolved, the Trust Certificates shall cease to represent interests in the 
Trust Assets and no further amounts shall be payable in respect thereof and the Trustee shall have 
no further obligations in respect thereof.

--- Page 127 ---
- 113 - 
 
 
10.2 
Early Dissolution for Tax Reasons 
The Trust Certificates may be redeemed by the Trustee in whole, but not in part, on any date (such 
date, the "Tax Dissolution Date") upon giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to 
the Delegate and the Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) (which notice 
shall be irrevocable) and to the Delegate, at the Dissolution Amount (which, for the avoidance of 
doubt, shall include any accrued but unpaid Periodic Distribution Amounts) (the "Tax Dissolution 
Amount"), if a Tax Event occurs, where "Tax Event" means: 
(a) 
the determination by the Government that: (1) the Trustee has or will become obliged to 
pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 13 (Prescription) as a result 
of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Relevant Jurisdiction 
(excluding the Emirate of Sharjah) or any change in the application or official 
interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective 
on or after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the relevant Series; and (2) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Trustee taking reasonable measures available to 
it; or 
(b) 
the receipt by the Trustee of notice from the Government that: (1) the Government has or 
will become obliged to pay additional amounts pursuant to the terms of the Lease 
Agreement or the Purchase Undertaking as a result of any change in, or amendment to, 
the laws or regulations of a Relevant Jurisdiction (excluding the Emirate of Sharjah) or 
any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which 
change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement is 
reached to issue the relevant Series; and (2) such obligation cannot be avoided by the 
Government taking reasonable measures available to it, 
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given unless an Exercise Notice 
has been received by the Trustee from the Government under the Sale and Substitution Undertaking 
and no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on 
which: (i) (in the case of (a) above) the Trustee would be obliged to pay such additional amounts 
if a payment in respect of the Trust Certificates were then due; or (ii) (in the case of (b) above) the 
Government would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment to the Trustee under 
the Lease Agreement or the Purchase Undertaking (as the case may be) was then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 10.2, the Trustee 
shall deliver to the Delegate: (i) a certificate signed by two directors of the Trustee (in the case of 
(a) above) or two Authorised Signatories of Sharjah Finance Department (acting on behalf of the 
Government) (in the case of (b) above) stating that the Trustee is entitled to effect such dissolution 
and redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent in (a) 
or (b) above to the right of the Trustee so to dissolve have occurred; and (ii) an opinion of 
independent legal advisers of recognised international standing to the effect that the Trustee or, as 
the case may be, the Government has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a 
result of such change or amendment. The Delegate shall be entitled to accept (without further 
investigation) any such certificate and opinion as sufficient evidence thereof without incurring any 
liability to any person in which event it shall be conclusive and binding on the Certificateholders. 
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 10.2, the Trustee shall be 
bound to redeem the Trust Certificates at the Tax Dissolution Amount and, upon payment in full 
of such amounts to the Certificateholders, the Trust will be dissolved, the Trust Certificates shall 
cease to represent undivided ownership interests in the Trust Assets and no further amounts shall 
be payable in respect thereof and the Trustee shall have no further obligations in respect thereof. 
10.3 
Dissolution at the Option of the Government (Optional Dissolution Call Right) 
If the Optional Dissolution Call Right option is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable, the Government may in its sole discretion deliver to the Trustee a duly completed 
Exercise Notice, subject to and in accordance with the provisions of the Sale and Substitution 
Undertaking and, on receipt of such notice, the Trustee shall redeem the Trust Certificates in whole 
but not in part on any Optional Dissolution Date at the relevant Optional Dissolution Amount 
(Call), including all unpaid Periodic Distribution Amounts accrued (if any) to (but excluding) the 
Optional Dissolution Date (the "Optional Dissolution Amount (Call)") on the Trustee giving not 
less than 30 days' nor more than 60 days' notice to the Delegate and the Certificateholders (or such

--- Page 128 ---
- 114 - 
 
 
other notice period as may be specified hereon) in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) (which 
notice shall be irrevocable and shall oblige the Trustee to redeem the Trust Certificates on the 
relevant Optional Dissolution Date). 
10.4 
Dissolution following a Total Loss Event 
Upon the occurrence of a Total Loss Event (as defined below) and unless the Lease Asset(s) is/are 
replaced as provided in the Servicing Agency Agreement by no later than the 60th day after the 
occurrence of a Total Loss Event, the Trust Certificates shall be redeemed and the Trust dissolved 
by no later than the close of business in London on the 61st day after the occurrence of the Total 
Loss Event (or, if such date is not a Payment Business Day, on the immediately following Payment 
Business Day) (the "Total Loss Dissolution Date"), following notification thereof to the Delegate 
and the Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices). The Trust Certificates will 
be redeemed at the Dissolution Amount (which for the avoidance of doubt, shall include any 
accrued but unpaid Periodic Distribution Amounts) (the ''Total Loss Dissolution Amount'') using 
the proceeds of: (a) the Insurances payable in respect of the Total Loss Event, which are required 
to be paid into the Transaction Account by no later than the 60th day after the occurrence of the 
Total Loss Event; and (b) if required, the Loss Shortfall Amount which is required to be paid into 
the Transaction Account by no later than the close of business in London on the 61st day after the 
occurrence of the Total Loss Event. 
A "Total Loss Event" is the total loss or destruction of, or damage to the whole of, the Lease 
Asset(s) or any event or occurrence that renders the whole of the Lease Asset(s) permanently unfit 
for any economic use and (but only after taking into consideration any insurances or other 
indemnity granted by any third party in respect of the Lease Asset(s)) the repair or remedial work 
in respect thereof is wholly uneconomical. 
Upon the occurrence of a Total Loss Event, the Servicing Agent shall promptly notify the Lessor, 
the Delegate and the Trustee of the same and the Trustee shall promptly notify Certificateholders 
(the "Trading Notice") (a) of the occurrence of a Total Loss Event and (b) from the date of the 
Trading Notice and until any further notice from the Trustee, in consultation with the Shari'a 
Adviser, the Trust Certificates should be tradable only in accordance with the Shari'a principles of 
debt trading. 
For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Delegate nor any Agent will have any responsibility for 
monitoring or ensuring compliance with any such Shari'a principles of debt trading nor shall it be 
liable to any Certificateholder or any other persons in respect thereof. 
10.5 
Dissolution at the Option of the Certificateholders (Certificateholder Put Right) 
If Certificateholder Put Right is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, upon 
the holder of any Trust Certificate giving to the Trustee in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) 
(with a copy to the Delegate) not less than 15 days' nor more than 30 days' notice (or such other 
notice period as may be specified hereon), the Trustee shall, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem 
such Trust Certificate on the Certificateholder Put Right Date and at the Optional Dissolution 
Amount (Put) specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms, 
including all unpaid Periodic Distribution Amounts accrued (if any) to (but excluding) the relevant 
Certificateholder Put Right Date (the "Optional Dissolution Amount (Put)"). For the purposes 
thereof, the Trustee (or the Delegate (on behalf of the Trustee)) shall deliver to the Government a 
duly completed Exercise Notice (in the case of delivery by the Trustee, with a copy to the 
Delegate), subject to and in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase Undertaking. Trust 
Certificates may be redeemed or, as the case may be, purchased under this Condition 10.5 
(Dissolution at the Option of the Certificateholders (Certificateholder Put Right)) in any multiple 
of their lowest Specified Denomination. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of any Trust Certificate pursuant to this Condition 10.5 
(Dissolution at the Option of the Certificateholders (Certificateholder Put Right)) the holder 
thereof must, if the Trust Certificate is in definitive form and held outside Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver, at the specified office of the Registrar at any time during 
normal business hours of such Registrar falling within the notice period, a duly completed and 
signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) set out in the Agency Agreement 
and obtainable from any specified office of the Registrar (a "Put Notice") and in which the holder

--- Page 129 ---
- 115 - 
 
 
must specify a bank account (or, if payment is required to be made by cheque, an address) to which 
payment is to be made under this Condition 10.5 (Dissolution at the Option of the 
Certificateholders (Certificateholder Put Right)) and the aggregate face amount thereof to be 
redeemed and, if less than the full aggregate face amount of the Trust Certificates in definitive 
form so surrendered is to be redeemed, an address to which a new Trust Certificate in definitive 
form in respect of the balance of such Trust Certificates in definitive form is to be sent subject to 
and in accordance with the provisions of Condition 3 (Transfers of Trust Certificates). 
If the relevant Trust Certificate is represented by a Global Trust Certificate and held through 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require redemption thereof the 
holder of such Trust Certificate must, within the notice period, give notice to the Principal Paying 
Agent of such exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (which may include notice being given on such Certificateholder's instruction by 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or any depositary or custodian (as applicable) for them 
to the Principal Paying Agent by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to time and at the same time present or procure the 
presentation of the relevant Global Trust Certificate to the Principal Paying Agent for notation 
accordingly. 
No Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg given by a holder of any Trust Certificate pursuant to this Condition 
10.5 (Dissolution at the Option of the Certificateholders (Certificateholder Put Right)) may be 
withdrawn without the prior consent of the Trustee except where, prior to the due date of 
redemption, a Dissolution Event has occurred and the Delegate has declared the Trust Certificates 
are to be redeemed pursuant to Condition 14 (Dissolution Events), in which event such holder, at 
its option, may elect by notice to the Trustee to withdraw the notice given pursuant to this Condition 
10.5 (Dissolution at the Option of the Certificateholders (Certificateholder Put Right)). 
10.6 
Dissolution at the Option of the Certificateholders (Tangibility Event Put Right) 
If a Tangibility Event occurs, upon receipt of a Tangibility Event Trustee Notice from the 
Government in accordance with the Servicing Agency Agreement, the Trustee shall promptly give 
notice to the Certificateholders (a "Tangibility Event Notice") in accordance with Condition 17 
(Notices) specifying: 
(a) 
that a Tangibility Event has occurred, together with an explanation of the reasons for, and 
evidence of, such occurrence; 
(b) 
that as determined in consultation with the Shari'a Adviser, the Trust Certificates should 
be tradable only in accordance with the Shari'a principles of debt trading;  
(c) 
on the date falling 15 days following the Tangibility Event Put Right Date, the Trust 
Certificates will be delisted from any stock exchange (if any) on which the Trust 
Certificates have been admitted to listing; and 
(d) 
the Tangibility Event Put Period, during which period any Certificateholder shall have the 
option to require the redemption of all or any of its Trust Certificates.  
Upon receipt of the Tangibility Event Notice, the Holder of any Trust Certificates may exercise its 
option within the Tangibility Event Put Option Period to require the redemption of all or any of its 
Trust Certificates. 
If any Certificateholder exercises its option to redeem its Trust Certificates in accordance with this 
Condition 10.6, the Trustee shall redeem such Trust Certificates on the Tangibility Event Put Right 
Date at its Dissolution Amount.  
If the relevant Trust Certificate is represented by a Global Trust Certificate and held through 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require redemption thereof the 
holder of such Trust Certificate must, within the notice period, give notice to the Principal Paying 
Agent (a "Tangibility Event Put Notice") of such exercise in accordance with the standard 
procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may include notice being given on 
such Certificateholder's instruction by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or any depositary

--- Page 130 ---
- 116 - 
 
 
or custodian (as applicable) for them to the Principal Paying Agent by electronic means) in a form 
acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to time and at the same time 
present or procure the presentation of the relevant Global Trust Certificate to the Principal Paying 
Agent for notation accordingly. 
No Tangibility Event Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures 
of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg given by a holder of any Trust Certificate pursuant to 
this Condition 10.6 may be withdrawn without the prior consent of the Trustee except where, prior 
to the due date of redemption, a Dissolution Event has occurred and the Delegate has declared the 
Trust Certificates are to be redeemed pursuant to Condition 14 (Dissolution Events), in which event 
such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Trustee to withdraw the notice given pursuant 
to this Condition 10.6. In these Conditions: 
"Shari'a Adviser" has the meaning given to it in the Servicing Agency Agreement; 
"Tangible Asset Ratio" means, in respect of each Series, the ratio of the value of the Lease Assets 
(as determined by reference to the relevant internal valuation by the Government of the Lease 
Assets on the date on which the Lease Assets were acquired by the Trustee as set out in the relevant 
Supplemental Purchase Agreement and/or Sale Agreement) to the aggregate of the value of the 
Lease Assets (as determined by reference to the relevant internal valuation by the Government of 
the Lease Assets on the date on which the Lease Assets were acquired by the Trustee as set out in 
the relevant Supplemental Purchase Agreement and/or Sale Agreement) and, if applicable for such 
Series, the outstanding Deferred Sale Price applicable to such Series at the relevant time; 
a "Tangibility Event" shall occur if, at any time, the Tangible Asset Ratio, other than as a result 
of the occurrence of a Total Loss Event or a Partial Loss Event, falls to less than 33 per cent.; 
"Tangibility Event Put Period" shall be the period of 30 days commencing on the date that is the 
60th day after a Tangibility Event Notice is given;  
"Tangibility Event Put Right Date" shall be a date falling not less than 75 days following the 
expiry of the Tangibility Event Put Period; and 
"Tangibility Event Trustee Notice" has the meaning given to it in the Servicing Agency 
Agreement. 
For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Delegate nor any Agent will have any responsibility for 
monitoring or ensuring compliance with any such Shari'a principles of debt trading referred to in 
(b) above nor shall it be liable to any Certificateholder or any other person in respect thereof. 
10.7 
Dissolution at the Option of the Government (Clean Up Call Right) 
If Clean Up Call Right is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable and 75 per 
cent. or more of the aggregate face amount of the Trust Certificates then outstanding have been 
redeemed and/or purchased and cancelled pursuant to this Condition 10 (Capital Distributions of 
Trust) or Condition 11 (Purchase and Cancellation of Trust Certificates), the Government may in 
its sole discretion deliver to the Trustee a duly completed Exercise Notice, subject to and in 
accordance with the provisions of the Sale and Substitution Undertaking, and, on receipt of such 
notice, the Trustee shall redeem the Trust Certificates in whole but not in part, on the Trustee giving 
not less than 30 days' nor more than 60 days' notice (or such other notice period as may be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, such notice period being given within 30 days after the 
Certificateholder Put Right Date or the Tangibility Event Put Right Date, if applicable) to the 
Delegate and the Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) (which notice shall 
be irrevocable and shall oblige the Trustee to redeem the Trust Certificates on the date specified in 
such notice (the "Clean Up Call Right Dissolution Date")), at the Clean Up Call Right Dissolution 
Amount specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms, 
including all unpaid Periodic Distribution Amounts accrued (if any) to (but excluding) the Clean 
Up Call Right Dissolution Date (the "Clean Up Call Right Dissolution Amount").

--- Page 131 ---
- 117 - 
 
 
10.8 
Dissolution following a Dissolution Event 
Upon the occurrence of a Dissolution Event, the Trust Certificates shall be redeemed at their 
Dissolution Event Amount specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable 
Final Terms, including all unpaid Periodic Distribution Amounts accrued (if any) to (but 
excluding) the Dissolution Event Redemption Date (the "Dissolution Event Amount"), subject to 
and as more particularly described in Condition 14 (Dissolution Events) and this Condition 10 
(Capital Distributions of Trust). 
10.9 
No Other Optional Early Dissolution 
Neither the Trustee nor the Certificateholders shall be entitled to redeem, or cause to be redeemed, 
as applicable, the Trust Certificates, otherwise than as provided in this Condition 10 (Capital 
Distributions of Trust) and Condition 14 (Dissolution Events). Upon payment in full of all amounts 
due in respect of the Trust Certificates of any Series the Trustee shall be bound to dissolve the 
Trust and the Trust Certificates shall cease to represent interests in the Trust Assets and no further 
amounts shall be payable in respect thereof and neither the Government nor the Trustee shall have 
any further obligations in respect thereof. 
10.10 
Cancellation 
All Trust Certificates which are redeemed will forthwith be forwarded to the Registrar, cancelled 
and destroyed and accordingly may not be held, reissued or resold. 
11. 
Purchase and Cancellation of Trust Certificates 
11.1 
Purchases 
The Trustee, the Government of the Emirate of Sharjah, the Sharjah Finance Department and/or 
any other public sector instrumentality of the Government of the Emirate of Sharjah (as defined in 
Condition 18(i) (Convening Meetings of Certificateholders; Conduct of Meetings of 
Certificateholders; Written Resolutions)) may at any time purchase Trust Certificates at any price 
in the open market or otherwise at any price. Following any purchase of Trust Certificates pursuant 
to this Condition 11.1, such Trust Certificates may be held, resold or, at the discretion of the holder 
thereof, cancelled (subject to such Trust Certificates being deemed not to remain outstanding for 
certain purposes as provided under the Master Declaration of Trust and these Conditions if so held, 
as more particularly set out in Condition 18(a)(i) (Convening Meetings of Certificateholders; 
Conduct of Meetings of Certificateholders; Written Resolutions)). 
11.2 
Cancellation 
Should the Government wish to cancel any Trust Certificates purchased pursuant to Condition 11.1 
(Purchases), it shall deliver a Cancellation Notice to the Trustee (in accordance with the Sale and 
Substitution Undertaking) whereupon the Trustee shall, in accordance with the terms of the Sale 
and Substitution Undertaking, be obliged to transfer all of the Trustee's rights, title and interests in, 
to and under the Cancelled Lease Asset(s) to the Government in consideration for which the Trust 
Certificates shall be cancelled. The transfer of the Cancelled Lease Asset(s) will take effect by the 
Government and the Trustee entering into a Sale Agreement (in the form scheduled to the Sale and 
Substitution Undertaking). Following the entry into such Sale Agreement, the Trustee shall 
forthwith surrender to the Registrar the relevant Trust Certificates identified for cancellation in the 
Cancellation Notice on the Cancellation Date and, upon surrender thereof, all such Trust 
Certificates shall be cancelled forthwith. 
12. 
Taxation 
All payments in respect of the Trust Certificates shall be made in the Specified Currency without 
set-off or counterclaim of any kind and free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction 
for, any Taxes of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within a 
Relevant Jurisdiction or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless the 
withholding or deduction is required by law. In that event, the Trustee shall pay such additional 
amounts as will result in receipt by the Certificateholders of such amounts as would have been

--- Page 132 ---
- 118 - 
 
 
received by them, had no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no such 
additional amount shall be payable in respect of any Trust Certificate: 
(a) 
held by or on behalf of a holder who is liable for such Taxes in respect of such Trust 
Certificate by reason of having some connection with a Relevant Jurisdiction other than 
the mere holding of the Trust Certificate; or 
(b) 
where the relevant Trust Certificate is required to be surrendered for payment and is 
surrendered for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent 
that the relevant Certificateholder would have been entitled to such additional amount if 
it surrendered; or 
(c) 
the relevant Trust Certificate for payment on the last day of such period of 30 days. 
13. 
Prescription 
The rights to receive distributions in respect of the Trust Certificates will be forfeited unless 
claimed within periods of 10 years (in the case of Dissolution Amounts) and five years (in the case 
of Periodic Distribution Amounts) from the Relevant Date in respect thereof. 
14. 
Dissolution Events 
If any of the following events occurs and is continuing (each, a "Dissolution Event"): 
(a) 
default is made in the payment of the Dissolution Amount on the date fixed for payment 
thereof or default is made in the payment of any Periodic Distribution Amount on the due 
date for payment thereof and, in the case of the Dissolution Amount, such default 
continues unremedied for a period of seven Business Days and, in the case of a Periodic 
Distribution Amount, such default continues unremedied for a period of 14 Business Days; 
or 
(b) 
the Trustee fails to perform or observe any one or more of its other duties, obligations or 
undertakings under the Trust Certificates or the Transaction Documents, which failure is, 
in the sole opinion of the Delegate, incapable of remedy or, if in the sole opinion of the 
Delegate is capable of remedy, is not, in the sole opinion of the Delegate, remedied within 
the period of 30 days following the service by the Delegate of a notice on the Trustee 
requiring the same to be remedied; or 
(c) 
a Government Event occurs; or 
(d) 
the Trustee repudiates or challenges the valid, legal, binding and enforceable nature of any, 
or any part of a, Transaction Document to which it is a party or does or causes to be done 
any act or thing evidencing an intention to repudiate or challenge the valid, legal, binding 
and enforceable nature of any, or any part of a, Transaction Document to which it is a 
party; or 
(e) 
at any time it is or will become unlawful or impossible for the Trustee to perform or 
comply with any or all of its obligations under the Trust Certificates or the Transaction 
Documents or any of the obligations of the Trustee under the Trust Certificates or the 
Transaction Documents are not or cease to be legal, valid, binding and enforceable; or 
(f) 
either: (i) the Trustee is (or is deemed by law or a court to be) insolvent or unable to pay 
its debts as they fall due; or (ii) an administrator or liquidator of the whole or substantially 
the whole of the undertaking, assets and revenues of the Trustee is appointed (or 
application for any such appointment is made); or (iii) the Trustee takes any action for a 
readjustment or deferment of any of its obligations or makes a general assignment or an 
arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors or declares a 
moratorium in respect of any of its indebtedness or any guarantee of any indebtedness 
given by it; or (iv) the Trustee ceases or threatens to cease to carry on all or substantially 
the whole of its business (otherwise than for the purposes of or pursuant to an 
amalgamation, reorganisation or restructuring whilst solvent); or

--- Page 133 ---
- 119 - 
 
 
(g) 
an order or decree is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding-up, 
liquidation or dissolution of the Trustee; or 
(h) 
any event occurs which under the laws of the Cayman Islands has an analogous effect to 
any of the events referred to in paragraphs (f) and (g) above, 
the Delegate, upon receiving notice thereof under the Declaration of Trust or otherwise becoming 
aware of a Dissolution Event and subject to it being indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded 
to its satisfaction, shall promptly give notice of the occurrence of such Dissolution Event to the 
holders of Trust Certificates in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) with a request to such 
holders to indicate to the Trustee and the Delegate if they wish the Trust Certificates to be redeemed 
and the Trust to be dissolved. Following the issuance of such notice, the Delegate in its sole 
discretion may, and if so requested in writing by the holders of at least 25 per cent. of the then 
aggregate face amount of the Series of Trust Certificates outstanding or if so directed by an 
Extraordinary Resolution of the holders of the Trust Certificates (each a "Dissolution Request") 
shall, (subject in each case to being indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction) 
give notice (a "Dissolution Notice") to the Trustee, the Government and the holders of the Trust 
Certificates of the relevant Series in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) that the Trust 
Certificates are immediately due and payable at the Dissolution Amount, on the date of such notice 
(the "Dissolution Event Redemption Date"), whereupon they shall become so due and payable. 
If it has not already done so, (so long as a Total Loss Event has not occurred), the Trustee (or the 
Delegate acting on behalf of the Certificateholders) shall exercise its rights under the Purchase 
Undertaking by serving an Exercise Notice on the Government. 
Upon payment in full of such amounts, the Trust will be dissolved, the Trust Certificates shall 
cease to represent undivided ownership interests in the Trust Assets and no further amounts shall 
be payable in respect thereof and the Trustee shall have no further obligations in respect thereof. 
For the purposes of paragraph (a) above, amounts shall be considered due in respect of the Trust 
Certificates (including for the avoidance of doubt any amounts calculated as being payable under 
Condition 7 (Fixed Periodic Distribution Provisions) and Condition 10 (Capital Distributions of 
Trust)) notwithstanding that the Trustee has at the relevant time insufficient funds or Trust Assets 
to pay such amounts. 
For the purposes of this Condition 14 (Dissolution Events), "Government Event" shall mean each 
of the following events: 
(i) 
if default is made by the Government in the payment of: (i) any Rental to be paid 
into the Transaction Account by the Lessee in accordance with the terms of the 
Lease Agreement and the default continues for a period of 14 Business Days; or 
(ii) the Exercise Price, the Certificateholder Put Right Exercise Price, the 
Tangibility Event Certificateholder Put Right Exercise Price or any Loss Shortfall 
Amount (as the case may be) and the default continues for a period of seven 
Business Days; or 
(ii) 
occurrence of a Partial Loss Dissolution Event;  
(iii) 
if the Government (acting in any capacity): (a) delivers a notice to the Trustee 
and/or the Delegate pursuant to clause 5.1.4 of the Servicing Agency Agreement; 
or (b) fails to perform or observe any one or more of its other obligations under 
the Transaction Documents (including clauses 3.1 and 3.3 of the relevant 
Supplemental Lease Agreement but other than with respect to clauses 5.1, 5.4 and 
9 of the Servicing Agency Agreement, the failure to comply with which shall not 
constitute a Government Event), which failure is, in the sole opinion of the 
Delegate, incapable of remedy or, if in the sole opinion of the Delegate capable 
of remedy, is not, in the sole opinion of the Delegate, remedied within the period 
of 30 days following the service by the Delegate on the Government of notice 
requiring the same to be remedied; or 
(iv) 
if any Financial Indebtedness of the Government is not paid when due nor within 
any originally applicable grace period or any such Financial Indebtedness is 
declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified

--- Page 134 ---
- 120 - 
 
 
maturity as a result of an event of default (howsoever described) provided, 
however, that it shall not constitute a Government Event under this paragraph 
(iv) unless the aggregate amount of all such Financial Indebtedness shall be more 
than U.S.$30,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency or currencies); or 
(v) 
if any execution, distress, attachment, sequestration or other process is levied, 
enforced upon, sued out or put in force against, or an encumbrancer takes 
possession of, the whole or any substantial part of the property, undertaking or 
assets of the Government or any event occurs which under the laws of any 
jurisdiction has a similar or analogous effect, and any such event is not discharged 
within 30 days; or 
(vi) 
if the Government fails to comply with or pay any sum which amount shall not 
be less than U.S. $50,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency or 
currencies) due from it under any final non-appealable judgment or any final non-
appealable order made or given by any court of competent jurisdiction and such 
failure continues for a period of 60 days following the service by the Delegate on 
the Government of notice requiring the same to be paid/remedied; or 
(vii) 
if the Government enters into an arrangement with its creditors generally for the 
rescheduling or postponement of any Financial Indebtedness, as a result of its 
inability or potential inability to fulfill its obligations to them, or a moratorium on 
the payment of all or any part of the Financial Indebtedness of the Government is 
declared; or 
(viii) 
if the Government repudiates or challenges the valid, legal, binding and 
enforceable nature of any, or any part of a, Transaction Document to which it is 
a party or does or causes to be done any act or thing evidencing an intention to 
repudiate or challenge the valid, legal, binding and enforceable nature of any, or 
any part of a, Transaction Document to which it is a party, or if the validity of the 
Government's obligations under the Transaction Documents is contested by the 
Government or the Government denies any of its obligations under the 
Transaction Documents; or 
(ix) 
if at any time it is or will become unlawful or impossible for the Government to 
perform or comply with any or all of its obligations under the Trust Certificates 
or the Transaction Documents or any of the obligations of the Government under 
the Trust Certificates or the Transaction Documents are not or cease to be legal, 
valid, binding and enforceable; or 
(x) 
the expropriation, nationalisation, requisition, confiscation, attachment, 
sequestration or execution of any legal process by the Government in respect of 
the whole of the Lease Assets; or 
(xi) 
if any action, condition or thing at any time required to be taken, fulfilled or done 
in order: 
(A) 
to enable the Government lawfully to enter into, exercise its rights and 
perform and comply with its obligations under and in respect of the 
Transaction Documents; or 
(B) 
to ensure that those obligations are legal, valid, binding and enforceable, 
is not taken, fulfilled or done. 
15. 
Enforcement and Exercise of Rights 
15.1 
Limitation on Liability of the Trustee 
Following the enforcement, realisation and ultimate distribution of the proceeds of the Trust Assets 
in respect of the Trust Certificates to the Certificateholders in accordance with these Conditions 
and the Declaration of Trust, the Trustee shall not be liable for any further sums, and accordingly

--- Page 135 ---
- 121 - 
 
 
no Certificateholder may take any action against the Trustee or any other Person to recover any 
such sum in respect of the Trust Certificates or Trust Assets. 
15.2 
Delegate not obliged to take action 
The Delegate shall not be bound in any circumstances to take any action to enforce or to realise 
the Trust Assets or take any action, step or proceedings against the Government and/or the Trustee 
under any Transaction Document unless directed or requested to do so in writing by the holders of 
at least 25 per cent. in aggregate face amount of the Trust Certificates then outstanding and subject, 
in each case, to it being indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction against all 
Liabilities to which it may thereby render itself liable or which it may incur by so doing. 
15.3 
Direct enforcement by Certificateholders 
No Certificateholder shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Trustee or the Government, 
under any Transaction Document, unless the Delegate, having become so bound to proceed, (i) 
fails to do so within 30 days of becoming so bound, or (ii) is unable by reason of an order of a court 
having competent jurisdiction, and such failure or inability is continuing. Under no circumstances 
shall the Trustee, the Delegate or any Certificateholder have any right to cause the sale or other 
disposition of any of the Trust Assets (other than as expressly contemplated in the Transaction 
Documents and/or these Conditions), and the sole right of the Trustee, the Delegate and the 
Certificateholders against the Trustee and the Government, as applicable, shall be to enforce their 
respective obligations under the Transaction Documents. 
15.4 
Limited recourse 
Conditions 15.1 (Limitation on Liability of the Trustee), 15.2 (Delegate not obliged to take action) 
and 15.3 (Direct enforcement by Certificateholders) are subject to this Condition 15.4. After 
enforcing or realising the Trust Assets in respect of the Trust Certificates of the relevant Series and 
distributing the net proceeds of the relevant Trust Assets in accordance with Condition 15.2 
(Delegate not obliged to take action) and the Declaration of Trust, the obligations of the Trustee 
in respect of the Trust Certificates of the relevant Series shall be satisfied and no Certificateholder 
may take any further steps against the Trustee or the Delegate or any other Person to recover any 
further sums in respect of the Trust Certificates of the relevant Series and the right to receive any 
such sums unpaid shall be extinguished. 
16. 
Replacement of Definitive Trust Certificates 
Should any definitive Trust Certificate be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed it may be 
replaced at the specified office of the Registrar upon payment by the claimant of the expenses 
incurred in connection with the replacement and on such terms as to evidence and indemnity as the 
Trustee may reasonably require (in light of prevailing market practice). Mutilated or defaced 
definitive Trust Certificates must be surrendered and cancelled before replacements will be issued. 
17. 
Notices 
All notices to the Certificateholders will be valid if mailed to them by first class pre-paid registered 
mail (or its equivalent) or (if posted to an overseas address) by airmail at their respective addresses 
in the Register. 
The Trustee shall also ensure that notices are duly given or published in a manner which complies 
with the rules and regulations of any listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if 
any) on which the Trust Certificates are for the time being listed or on which they have been 
admitted to trading and/or quotation (as applicable). In addition, for so long as any Trust 
Certificates are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority 
and/or admitted to quotation (as applicable) and the rules of that stock exchange, relevant authority 
or quotation system (as applicable) so require, such notice will be published on the website of the 
relevant stock exchange or relevant authority and/or in a daily newspaper of general circulation in 
the place or places required by those rules. 
So long as the Trust Certificates are listed on Euronext Dublin and the rules of the exchange so 
require, notices to Certificateholders shall also be published either on the website of Euronext

--- Page 136 ---
- 122 - 
 
 
Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin) or in a daily newspaper with general 
circulation in Ireland (which is expected to be the Irish Times). If any such publication is not 
practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in another leading daily English language 
newspaper with general circulation in Europe. 
Any notice shall be deemed to have been given on the fourth day (other than a Friday, Saturday or 
Sunday) after being mailed or on the date of publication or, if so published more than once or on 
different dates, on the date of the first publication. So long as the Global Trust Certificate 
representing the Trust Certificates is held in its entirety on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, there may be substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) the delivery of 
the relevant notice to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them to the 
Certificateholders. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the Certificateholders 
on the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Notices to be given by any Certificateholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same with 
the Principal Paying Agent. Whilst any of the Trust Certificates are represented by the Global Trust 
Certificate, such notice may be given by any holder of a Trust Certificate to the Principal Paying 
Agent through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, in such manner as the Principal Paying 
Agent and Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg may approve for this purpose. 
18. 
Meetings of Certificateholders; Written Resolutions 
(a) 
Convening Meetings of Certificateholders; Conduct of Meetings of Certificateholders; 
Written Resolutions: 
(i) 
The Trustee, the Government and/or the Delegate may convene a meeting of the 
Certificateholders at any time in respect of the Trust Certificates in accordance 
with the provisions of the Master Declaration of Trust and the Agency Agreement. 
The Trustee, the Government or the Delegate, as the case may be, will determine 
the time and place of the meeting and will notify the Certificateholders of the time, 
place and purpose of the meeting not less than 21 and not more than 45 days 
before the meeting. 
(ii) 
The Trustee, the Government and/or the Delegate (subject to its being 
indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction) will convene a 
meeting of Certificateholders if the holders of at least 10 per cent. in face amount 
of the outstanding Trust Certificates (as defined in the Master Declaration of Trust 
and described in Condition 18(i) (Trust Certificates controlled by the Trustee or 
the Government))) have delivered a written request to the Trustee, the 
Government or the Delegate (with a copy to the Trustee and the Government) 
setting out the purpose of the meeting. The Delegate shall agree the time and place 
of the meeting with the Trustee and the Government promptly. The Trustee, the 
Government or the Delegate, as the case may be, will notify the Certificateholders 
within 10 days of receipt of such written request of the time and place of the 
meeting, which shall take place not less than 21 and not more than 45 days after 
the date on which such notification is given. 
(iii) 
The Trustee or the Government (as the case may be) (with the agreement of the 
Delegate) will set the procedures governing the conduct of any meeting in 
accordance with the Master Declaration of Trust and the Agency Agreement. If 
neither the Master Declaration of Trust nor the Agency Agreement includes such 
procedures, or additional procedures are required, the Trustee, the Government 
and the Delegate will agree such procedures as are customary in the market and 
in such a manner as to facilitate any multiple series aggregation, if in relation to 
a Reserved Matter the Trustee or the Government (as the case may be) proposes 
any modification to the terms and conditions of, or action with respect to, two or 
more series of securities issued by it. 
(iv) 
The notice convening any meeting will specify, inter alia: 
(A) 
the date, time and location of the meeting;

--- Page 137 ---
- 123 - 
 
 
(B) 
the agenda and the text of any Extraordinary Resolution (as defined 
below) to be proposed for adoption at the meeting; 
(C) 
the Record Date for the meeting, which shall be no more than five 
business days before the date of the meeting; 
(D) 
the documentation required to be produced by a Certificateholder in 
order to be entitled to participate at the meeting or to appoint a proxy to 
act on the Certificateholder's behalf at the meeting; 
(E) 
any time deadline and procedures required by any relevant international 
and/or domestic clearing systems or similar through which the Trust 
Certificates are traded and/or held by Certificateholders; 
(F) 
whether Condition 18(b) (Modification of this Series of Trust Certificates 
only), 18(c) (Multiple Series Aggregation – Single limb voting) or 18(d) 
(Multiple Series Aggregation – Two limb voting) shall apply and, if 
relevant, in relation to which other series of securities it applies; 
(G) 
if the proposed modification or action relates to two or more series of 
securities issued by it and contemplates such series of securities being 
aggregated in more than one group of securities, a description of the 
proposed treatment of each such group of securities; 
(H) 
such information that is required to be provided by the Trustee in 
accordance with Condition 18(f) (Information)); 
(I) 
the identity of the Aggregation Agent (appointed in accordance with 
Condition 19(a) (Appointment)) and as defined therein) and the 
Calculation Agent, if any, for any proposed modification or action to be 
voted on at the meeting, and the details of any applicable methodology 
referred to in Condition 18(g) (Claims Valuation); and 
(J) 
any additional procedures which may be necessary and, if applicable, the 
conditions under which a multiple series aggregation will be deemed to 
have been satisfied if it is approved as to some but not all of the affected 
series of securities. 
(v) 
In addition, the Master Declaration of Trust contains provisions relating to 
Written Resolutions (as defined below). Further, the Master Declaration of Trust 
provides that, where the Trust Certificates are held by or on behalf of a clearing 
system or clearing systems, approval of a resolution may be given by way of 
electronic consents communicated through the electronic communications 
systems of the relevant clearing system(s) in accordance with the operating rules 
and procedures of the relevant clearing system(s) by or on behalf of the 
Certificateholders ("Electronic Consent"). All information to be provided 
pursuant to Condition 18(a)(iv) (Convening Meetings of Certificateholders; 
Conduct of Meetings of Certificateholders; Written Resolutions) shall also be 
provided, mutatis mutandis, in respect of Written Resolutions or resolutions 
approved by Electronic Consent. 
(vi) 
A "Record Date" in relation to any proposed modification or action means the 
date fixed by the Trustee or the Government (as the case may be) for determining 
the Certificateholders and, in the case of a multiple series aggregation, the holders 
of securities of each other affected series that are entitled to vote on a Multiple 
Series Single Limb Extraordinary Resolution or a Multiple Series Two Limb 
Extraordinary Resolution, or to sign a Multiple Series Single Limb Written 
Resolution or a Multiple Series Two Limb Written Resolution as set out below. 
(vii) 
An "Extraordinary Resolution" means any of a Single Series Extraordinary 
Resolution, a Multiple Series Single Limb Extraordinary Resolution and/or a 
Multiple Series Two Limb Extraordinary Resolution, as the case may be.

--- Page 138 ---
- 124 - 
 
 
(viii) 
A "Written Resolution" means any of a Single Series Written Resolution, a 
Multiple Series Single Limb Written Resolution and/or a Multiple Series Two 
Limb Written Resolution, as the case may be. 
(ix) 
Any reference to "securities" means any trust certificates (including, without 
limitation, the Trust Certificates), bonds, debentures or other securities issued by 
the Trustee or the Government in one or more series with an original stated 
maturity of more than one year. 
(x) 
"Securities Capable of Aggregation" means those securities which include or 
incorporate by reference this Condition 18 (Meetings of Certificateholders; 
Written Resolutions) and Condition 19 (Aggregation Agent; Aggregation 
Procedures) or provisions substantially in these terms which provide for the 
securities which include such provisions to be capable of being aggregated for 
voting purposes with other series of securities. 
(xi) 
"business day" shall mean a day on which banks are open for business in the city 
in which the specified office of the Registrar is located. 
(b) 
Modification of this Series of Trust Certificates only: 
(i) 
Without prejudice to clause 11 of the Master Declaration of Trust, any 
modification of any provision of, or any action in respect of, these Conditions or 
the Transaction Documents in respect of the Trust Certificates may be made or 
taken if approved by a Single Series Extraordinary Resolution or a Single Series 
Written Resolution as set out below. 
(ii) 
A "Single Series Extraordinary Resolution" means a resolution passed at a 
meeting of Certificateholders duly convened and held in accordance with the 
procedures prescribed by the Trustee or the Government and the Delegate 
pursuant to Condition 18(a) (Convening Meetings of Certificateholders; Conduct 
of Meetings of Certificateholders; Written Resolutions) by a majority of: 
(A) 
in the case of a Reserved Matter, at least 75 per cent. of the aggregate 
face amount of the outstanding Trust Certificates; or 
(B) 
in the case of a matter other than a Reserved Matter, more than 50 per 
cent. of the aggregate face amount of the outstanding Trust Certificates. 
(iii) 
A "Single Series Written Resolution" means a resolution in writing signed or 
confirmed in writing by or on behalf of the holders of: 
(A) 
in the case of a Reserved Matter, at least 75 per cent. of the aggregate 
face amount of the outstanding Trust Certificates; or 
(B) 
in the case of a matter other than a Reserved Matter, more than 50 per 
cent. of the aggregate face amount of the outstanding Trust Certificates. 
Any Single Series Written Resolution may be contained in one document 
or several documents in the same form, each signed or confirmed in 
writing by or on behalf of one or more Certificateholders. 
(iv) 
Any Single Series Extraordinary Resolution duly passed or Single Series Written 
Resolution approved shall be binding on all Certificateholders, whether or not 
they attended any meeting, whether or not they voted in favour thereof and 
whether or not they signed or confirmed in writing any such Single Series Written 
Resolution, as the case may be. 
(c) 
Multiple Series Aggregation – Single limb voting: 
(i) 
In relation to a proposal that includes a Reserved Matter, any modification to the 
terms and conditions of, or any action with respect to, two or more series of 
Securities Capable of Aggregation may be made or taken if approved by a

--- Page 139 ---
- 125 - 
 
 
Multiple Series Single Limb Extraordinary Resolution or by a Multiple Series 
Single Limb Written Resolution as set out below, provided that the Uniformly 
Applicable condition (as defined below) is satisfied. 
(ii) 
A "Multiple Series Single Limb Extraordinary Resolution" means a 
resolution considered at separate meetings of the holders of each affected series 
of Securities Capable of Aggregation, duly convened and held in accordance with 
the procedures prescribed by the Trustee or the Government (as the case may be) 
and the Delegate pursuant to Condition 18(a) (Convening Meetings of 
Certificateholders; Conduct of Meetings of Certificateholders; Written 
Resolutions), as supplemented if necessary, which is passed by a majority of at 
least 75 per cent. of the aggregate face amount of the outstanding securities of all 
affected series of Securities Capable of Aggregation (taken in aggregate). 
(iii) 
A "Multiple Series Single Limb Written Resolution" means each resolution in 
writing (with a separate resolution in writing or multiple separate resolutions in 
writing distributed to the holders of each affected series of Securities Capable of 
Aggregation, in accordance with the applicable securities documentation) which, 
when taken together, has been signed or confirmed in writing by or on behalf of 
the holders of at least 75 per cent. of the aggregate face amount of the outstanding 
securities of all affected series of Securities Capable of Aggregation (taken in 
aggregate). Any Multiple Series Single Limb Written Resolution may be 
contained in one document or several documents in substantially the same form, 
each signed or confirmed in writing by or on behalf of one or more 
Certificateholders or one or more holders of each affected series of Securities 
Capable of Aggregation. 
(iv) 
Any Multiple Series Single Limb Extraordinary Resolution duly passed or 
Multiple Series Single Limb Written Resolution approved shall be binding on all 
Certificateholders and holders of each other affected series of Securities Capable 
of Aggregation, whether or not they attended any meeting, whether or not they 
voted in favour thereof, whether or not any other holder or holders of the same 
series voted in favour thereof and whether or not they signed or confirmed in 
writing any such Multiple Series Single Limb Written Resolution, as the case may 
be. 
(v) 
The "Uniformly Applicable" condition will be satisfied if: 
(A) 
the holders of all affected series of Securities Capable of Aggregation are 
invited to exchange, convert, or substitute their securities, on the same 
terms, for (1) the same new instrument or other consideration or (2) a 
new instrument, new instruments or other consideration from an identical 
menu of instruments or other consideration; or 
(B) 
the amendments proposed to the terms and conditions of each affected 
series of Securities Capable of Aggregation would, following 
implementation of such amendments, result in the amended instruments 
having identical provisions (other than provisions which are necessarily 
different, having regard to the currency of issuance). 
(vi) 
It is understood that a proposal under Condition 18(c)(iii) (Multiple Series 
Aggregation – Single limb voting) will not be considered to satisfy the Uniformly 
Applicable condition if each exchanging, converting, substituting or amending 
holder of each affected series of Securities Capable of Aggregation is not offered 
the same amount of consideration per Dissolution Amount, the same amount of 
consideration per Periodic Distribution Amount accrued but unpaid and the same 
amount of consideration per past due Periodic Distribution Amount, respectively, 
as that offered to each other exchanging, converting, substituting or amending 
holder of each affected series of Securities Capable of Aggregation (or, where a 
menu of instruments or other consideration is offered, each exchanging, 
converting, substituting or amending holder of each affected series of Securities 
Capable of Aggregation is not offered the same amount of consideration per

--- Page 140 ---
- 126 - 
 
 
Dissolution Amount, the same amount of consideration per amount of Periodic 
Distribution Amount accrued but unpaid and the same amount of consideration 
per amount of past due Periodic Distribution Amount, respectively, as that offered 
to each other exchanging, converting, substituting or amending holder of each 
affected series of Securities Capable of Aggregation electing the same option 
from such menu of instruments). 
(vii) 
Any modification or action proposed under Condition 18(c) (Multiple Series 
Aggregation – Single limb voting) may be made in respect of some series only of 
the Securities Capable of Aggregation and, for the avoidance of doubt, the 
provisions described in this Condition 18(c) (Multiple Series Aggregation – 
Single limb voting) may be used for different groups of two or more series of 
Securities Capable of Aggregation simultaneously. 
(d) 
Multiple Series Aggregation – Two limb voting: 
(i) 
In relation to a proposal that includes a Reserved Matter (as defined below), any 
modification to the terms and conditions of, or any action with respect to, two or 
more series of Securities Capable of Aggregation may be made or taken if 
approved by a Multiple Series Two Limb Extraordinary Resolution or by a 
Multiple Series Two Limb Written Resolution as set out below. 
(ii) 
A "Multiple Series Two Limb Extraordinary Resolution" means a resolution 
considered at separate meetings of the holders of each affected series of Securities 
Capable of Aggregation, duly convened and held in accordance with the 
procedures prescribed by the Trustee or the Government (as the case may be) and 
the Delegate pursuant to Condition 18(a) (Convening Meetings of 
Certificateholders; Conduct of Meetings of Certificateholders; Written 
Resolutions)), as supplemented if necessary, which is passed by a majority of: 
(A) 
at least 66⅔ per cent. of the aggregate face amount of the outstanding 
securities of affected series of Securities Capable of Aggregation (taken 
in aggregate); and 
(B) 
more than 50 per cent. of the aggregate face amount of the outstanding 
securities in each affected series of Securities Capable of Aggregation 
(taken individually). 
(iii) 
A "Multiple Series Two Limb Written Resolution" means each resolution in 
writing (with a separate resolution in writing or multiple separate resolutions in 
writing distributed to the holders of each affected series of Securities Capable of 
Aggregation, in accordance with the applicable securities documentation) which, 
when taken together, has been signed or confirmed in writing by or on behalf of 
the holders of: 
(A) 
at least 66⅔ per cent. of the aggregate face amount of the outstanding 
securities of all the affected series of Securities Capable of Aggregation 
(taken in aggregate); and 
(B) 
more than 50 per cent. of the aggregate face amount of the outstanding 
securities in each affected series of Securities Capable of Aggregation 
(taken individually). 
Any Multiple Series Two Limb Written Resolution may be contained in 
one document or several documents in substantially the same form, each 
signed or confirmed in writing by or on behalf of one or more 
Certificateholders or one or more holders of each affected series of 
Securities Capable of Aggregation. 
(iv) 
Any Multiple Series Two Limb Extraordinary Resolution duly passed or Multiple 
Series Two Limb Written Resolution approved shall be binding on all 
Certificateholders and holders of each other affected series of Securities Capable

--- Page 141 ---
- 127 - 
 
 
of Aggregation, whether or not they attended any meeting, whether or not they 
voted in favour thereof, whether or not any other holder or holders of the same 
series voted in favour thereof and whether or not they signed or confirmed in 
writing any such Multiple Series Two Limb Written Resolution, as the case may 
be. 
(v) 
Any modification or action proposed under this Condition 18(d) (Multiple Series 
Aggregation – Two limb voting) may be made in respect of some series only of 
the Securities Capable of Aggregation and, for the avoidance of doubt, the 
provisions described in this Condition 18(d) (Multiple Series Aggregation – Two 
limb voting) may be used for different groups of two or more series of Securities 
Capable of Aggregation simultaneously. 
(e) 
Reserved Matters: 
In these Conditions, "Reserved Matter" means any proposal: 
(i) 
to change the Scheduled Dissolution Date or any other date, or the method of 
determining the Scheduled Dissolution Date or any other date, for payment of the 
Dissolution Amount, the Periodic Distribution Amount or any other amount in 
respect of the Trust Certificates, to reduce or cancel the amount of the Dissolution 
Amount, the Periodic Distribution Amount or any other amount payable on any 
date in respect of the Trust Certificates or to change the method of calculating the 
amount of the Dissolution Amount, the Periodic Distribution Amount or any other 
amount payable in respect of the Trust Certificates on any date for any such 
payment; 
(ii) 
to change the currency in which any amount due in respect of the Trust 
Certificates is payable or the place in which any payment is to be made; 
(iii) 
to change the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution, a Written 
Resolution or any other resolution of Certificateholders or the number or 
percentage of votes required to be cast, or the number or percentage of Trust 
Certificates required to be held, in connection with the taking of any decision or 
action by or on behalf of the Certificateholders or any of them; 
(iv) 
to change this definition, or the definition of "Extraordinary Resolution", 
"Single Series Extraordinary Resolution", "Multiple Series Single Limb 
Extraordinary Resolution", "Multiple Series Two Limb Extraordinary 
Resolution", "Written Resolution", "Single Series Written Resolution", 
"Multiple Series Single Limb Written Resolution" or "Multiple Series Two 
Limb Written Resolution"; 
(v) 
to change the definition of "securities" or "Securities Capable of Aggregation"; 
(vi) 
to change the definition of "Uniformly Applicable"; 
(vii) 
to change the definition of "outstanding" or to modify the provisions of 
Condition 18(i) (Trust Certificates controlled by the Trustee or the Government); 
(viii) 
to change (A) the legal ranking of the Trust Certificates or (B) to approve such 
other arrangement by way of Extraordinary Resolution of the Certificateholders 
as referred to in Condition 4.2 (Negative Pledge); 
(ix) 
to change any provision of the Trust Certificates describing circumstances in 
which Trust Certificates may be declared due and payable prior to their scheduled 
maturity date, set out in Condition 14 (Dissolution Events); 
(x) 
to change the law governing the Trust Certificates, any of the arrangements 
specified in the Trust Certificates to enable proceedings to be taken or the 
Trustee's waiver of immunity, in respect of actions or proceedings brought by any 
Certificateholder, set out in Condition 26 (Waiver of Immunity);

--- Page 142 ---
- 128 - 
 
 
(xi) 
to impose any condition on or otherwise change the Trustee's obligation to make 
payments of the Dissolution Amount, the Periodic Distribution Amount or any 
other amount in respect of the Trust Certificates; 
(xii) 
to modify the provisions of this Condition 18(e) (Reserved Matters)); 
(xiii) 
to change any of the Government's covenants set out in the Lease Agreement or 
any of its covenants or undertakings to make a payment under any Transaction 
Document to which it is a party; or 
(xiv) 
to exchange or substitute all the Trust Certificates for, or convert all the Trust 
Certificates into, other obligations or securities of the Trustee or the Government 
(as the case may be) or any other Person, or to modify any provision of these 
Conditions in connection with any exchange or substitution of the Trust 
Certificates for, or the conversion of the Trust Certificates into, any other 
obligations or securities of the Trustee or the Government (as the case may be) or 
any other Person, which would result in these Conditions as so modified being 
less favourable to the Certificateholders which are subject to these Conditions as 
so modified than: 
(A) 
the provisions of the other obligations or securities of the Trustee or the 
Government (as the case may be) or any other Person resulting from the 
relevant exchange or substitution or conversion; or 
(B) 
if more than one series of other obligations or securities results from the 
relevant exchange or substitution or conversion, the provisions of the 
resulting series of securities having the largest aggregate face amount. 
(f) 
Information: 
Prior to or on the date that the Trustee or the Government or the Delegate (as the case may 
be) proposes any Extraordinary Resolution or Written Resolution pursuant to Condition 
18(b) (Modification of this Series of Trust Certificates only), 18(c) (Multiple Series 
Aggregation – Single limb voting) or 18(d) (Multiple Series Aggregation – Two limb 
voting), the Trustee or the Government (as the case may be) shall publish in accordance 
with Conditions 17 (Notices) and 19 (Aggregation Agent; Aggregation Procedures), and 
provide the Delegate with the following information: 
(i) 
a description of the Trustee's and the Government's economic and financial 
circumstances which are, in the Trustee's or the Government's, as applicable, 
opinion, relevant to the request for any potential modification or action, a 
description of the Trustee's and the Government's existing debts and a description 
of the Government's broad policy reform programme and provisional 
macroeconomic outlook; 
(ii) 
if the Trustee or the Government shall at the time have entered into an 
arrangement for financial assistance with multilateral and/or other major creditors 
or creditor groups and/or an agreement with any such creditors regarding debt 
relief, a description of any such arrangement or agreement. Where permitted 
under the information disclosure policies of the multilateral or such other 
creditors, as applicable, copies of the arrangement or agreement shall be provided; 
(iii) 
a description of the Trustee's and/or the Government's proposed treatment of 
external securities that fall outside the scope of any multiple series aggregation 
and its intentions with respect to any other securities and its other major creditor 
groups; and 
(iv) 
if any proposed modification or action contemplates securities being aggregated 
in more than one group of securities, a description of the proposed treatment of 
each such group, as required for a notice convening a meeting of the 
Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 18(a)(iv)(G) (Convening

--- Page 143 ---
- 129 - 
 
 
Meetings of Certificateholders; Conduct of Meetings of Certificateholders; 
Written Resolutions). 
(g) 
Claims Valuation: 
For the purpose of calculating the par value of the Trust Certificates and any affected series 
of securities which are to be aggregated with the Trust Certificates in accordance with 
Conditions 18(c) (Multiple Series Aggregation – Single limb voting) and 18(d) (Multiple 
Series Aggregation – Two limb voting), the Trustee or the Government (as the case may 
be) may appoint a calculation agent (in such capacity, the ''Calculation Agent''). The 
Trustee or the Government (as the case may be) shall, with the approval of the Aggregation 
Agent and any appointed Calculation Agent, promulgate the methodology in accordance 
with which the Calculation Agent will calculate the par value of the Trust Certificates and 
such affected series of securities. In any such case where a Calculation Agent is appointed, 
the same Person will be appointed as the Calculation Agent for the Trust Certificates and 
each other affected series of securities for these purposes, and the same methodology will 
be promulgated for each affected series of securities. 
(h) 
Manifest error, etc.: 
The Trust Certificates, these Conditions and the provisions of the Declaration of Trust or 
any other Transaction Document can only be amended by the Government and the Trustee 
with the prior written consent of the Delegate and the Delegate may agree, without the 
consent of Certificateholders, to any modification of, or to the waiver or authorisation of 
any breach or proposed breach of, any of the Conditions of the Trust Certificates, these 
Conditions, the Declaration of Trust or any other Transaction Document or determine, 
without any such consent or sanction as aforesaid, that any Dissolution Event or Potential 
Dissolution Event shall not be treated as such if, in the opinion of the Delegate: 
(i) 
such modification is of a formal, minor or technical nature; or 
(ii) 
such modification is made to correct a manifest error; or 
(iii) 
such modification, waiver, authorisation or determination is not, in the sole 
opinion of the Delegate, materially prejudicial to the interests of 
Certificateholders and is other than in respect of a Reserved Matter, 
provided that, in the case of (iii) above, no such modification, waiver, authorisation or 
determination may be made in contravention of any express direction by Extraordinary 
Resolution or request in writing by the holders of at least 25 per cent. of the outstanding 
aggregate face amount of Trust Certificates. 
Any such modification, waiver, authorisation or determination may be made on such terms 
and subject to such conditions (if any) as the Delegate may determine, shall be binding 
upon the Certificateholders and shall as soon as practicable thereafter be notified by the 
Trustee to Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices). 
(i) 
Trust Certificates controlled by the Trustee or the Government: 
For the purposes of (a) determining the right to attend and vote at any meeting of 
Certificateholders, or the right to sign or confirm in writing, or authorise the signature of, 
any Written Resolution, (b) this Condition 18 (Meeting of Certificateholders; Written 
Resolutions) and (iii) Condition 14 (Dissolution Events), any Trust Certificates which are 
for the time being held by or on behalf of the Trustee, the Government of the Emirate of 
Sharjah, the Sharjah Finance Department, any other public sector instrumentality of the 
Government of the Emirate of Sharjah or by or on behalf of any Person which is owned 
or controlled directly or indirectly by the Trustee, the Government of the Emirate of 
Sharjah, the Sharjah Finance Department or by any other public sector instrumentality of 
the Government of the Emirate of Sharjah shall be disregarded and be deemed not to 
remain outstanding; where:

--- Page 144 ---
- 130 - 
 
 
(i) 
"public sector instrumentality" means the Sharjah Finance Department, any 
Agency, any other department or ministry of the Government of the Emirate of 
Sharjah or any corporation, trust, financial institution or other entity owned or 
controlled by the Government of the Emirate of Sharjah or any of the foregoing; 
and 
(ii) 
"control" means the power, directly or indirectly, through the ownership of 
voting securities or other ownership interests or through contractual control or 
otherwise, to direct the management of or elect or appoint a majority of the board 
of directors or other Persons performing similar functions in lieu of, or in addition 
to, the board of directors of a corporation, trust, financial institution or other entity. 
A Trust Certificate will also be deemed to be not outstanding if, in accordance with these 
Conditions, the Trust Certificate has previously been cancelled or delivered for 
cancellation or held for reissuance but not reissued, or, where relevant, the Trust 
Certificate has previously been called for redemption in accordance with its terms or 
previously become due and payable at maturity or otherwise and the Trustee or the 
Government (as the case may be) has previously satisfied its obligations to make all 
payments due in respect of the Trust Certificates in accordance with its terms. 
In advance of any meeting of Certificateholders, or in connection with any Written 
Resolution, the Trustee or the Government (as the case may be) shall provide to the 
Delegate a copy of the certificate prepared pursuant to Condition 20(d) (Certification) 
which includes information on the total number of Trust Certificates which are for the 
time being held by or on behalf of the Trustee, the Government, the Sharjah Finance 
Department or any other public sector instrumentality of the Government (as the case may 
be) or by or on behalf of any Person which is owned or controlled directly or indirectly by 
the Trustee, the Government of the Emirate of Sharjah, the Sharjah Finance Department 
or by any other public sector instrumentality of the Government (as the case may be) and, 
as such, such Trust Certificates shall be disregarded and deemed not to remain outstanding 
for the purposes of ascertaining the right to attend and vote at any meeting of 
Certificateholders or the right to sign, or authorise the signature of, any Written Resolution 
in respect of any such meeting. The Delegate shall make any such certificate available for 
inspection during normal business hours at its specified office and, upon reasonable 
request, will allow copies of such certificate to be taken. 
(j) 
Publication: 
The Trustee or the Government (as the case may be) shall publish all Extraordinary 
Resolutions and Written Resolutions which have been determined by the Aggregation 
Agent to have been duly passed in accordance with Condition 19(g) (Manner of 
publication). 
(k) 
Exchange and Conversion: 
Any Extraordinary Resolutions or Written Resolutions which have been duly passed and 
which modify any provision of, or action in respect of, these Conditions may be 
implemented at the Trustee's or the Government's (as the case may be) option by way of 
a mandatory exchange or conversion of the Trust Certificates and each other affected 
series of securities, as the case may be, into new Shari'a compliant securities containing 
the modified terms and conditions if the proposed mandatory exchange or conversion of 
the Trust Certificates is notified to Certificateholders at the time notification is given to 
the Certificateholders as to the proposed modification or action. Any such exchange or 
conversion shall be binding on all Certificateholders. 
19. 
Aggregation Agent; Aggregation Procedures 
(a) 
Appointment: 
The Trustee or the Government (as the case may be) will appoint an aggregation agent (in 
such capacity, the "Aggregation Agent") to calculate whether a proposed modification or 
action has been approved by the required face amount outstanding of Trust Certificates

--- Page 145 ---
- 131 - 
 
 
and, in the case of a multiple series aggregation, by the required face amount of 
outstanding securities of each affected series of securities. In the case of a multiple series 
aggregation, the same Person will be appointed as the Aggregation Agent for the proposed 
modification of any provision of, or any action in respect of, these Conditions or the 
Transaction Documents in respect of the Trust Certificates and in respect of the terms and 
conditions or securities documentation in respect of each other affected series of securities. 
The Aggregation Agent shall be independent of the Trustee and the Government. 
(b) 
Extraordinary Resolutions: 
If an Extraordinary Resolution has been proposed at a duly convened meeting of 
Certificateholders to modify any provision of, or action in respect of, these Conditions and 
other affected series of securities, as the case may be, the Aggregation Agent will, as soon 
as practicable after the time the vote is cast, calculate whether holders of a sufficient 
portion of the aggregate face amount of the outstanding Trust Certificates and, where 
relevant, each other affected series of securities, have voted in favour of the Extraordinary 
Resolution such that the Extraordinary Resolution is passed. If so, the Aggregation Agent 
will determine that the Extraordinary Resolution has been duly passed. 
(c) 
Written Resolutions: 
If a Written Resolution has been proposed under these Conditions to modify any provision 
of, or action in respect of, these Conditions and the terms and conditions of other affected 
series of securities, as the case may be, the Aggregation Agent will, as soon as reasonably 
practicable after the relevant Written Resolution has been signed or confirmed in writing, 
calculate whether holders of a sufficient portion of the aggregate face amount of the 
outstanding Trust Certificates and, where relevant, each other affected series of securities, 
have signed or confirmed in writing in favour of the Written Resolution such that the 
Written Resolution is passed. If so, the Aggregation Agent will determine that the Written 
Resolution has been duly passed. 
(d) 
Certificate: 
For the purposes of Conditions 19(b) (Extraordinary Resolutions) and 19(c) (Written 
Resolutions), the Trustee and the Government will provide a certificate to the Aggregation 
Agent up to three days prior to, and in any case no later than, with respect to an 
Extraordinary Resolution, the date of the meeting referred to in Condition 18(b) 
(Modification of this Series of Trust Certificates only), 18(c) (Multiple Series Aggregation 
– Single limb voting) or 18(d) (Multiple Series Aggregation – Two limb voting), as 
applicable, and, with respect to a Written Resolution, the date arranged for the signing of 
the Written Resolution. The certificate shall: 
(i) 
list the total face amount of Trust Certificates and, in the case of a multiple series 
aggregation, the total face amount of each other affected series of securities 
outstanding on the Record Date; and 
(ii) 
clearly indicate the Trust Certificates and, in the case of a multiple series 
aggregation, securities of each other affected series of securities which shall be 
disregarded and deemed not to remain outstanding as a consequence of Condition 
18(i) (Trust Certificates controlled by the Trustee or the Government) on the 
Record Date identifying the holders of the Trust Certificates and, in the case of a 
multiple series aggregation, securities of each other affected series of securities. 
The Aggregation Agent may rely upon the terms of any certificate, notice, communication 
or other document believed by it to be genuine. 
(e) 
Notification: 
The Aggregation Agent will cause each determination made by it for the purposes of this 
Condition 19 (Aggregation Agent; Aggregation Procedures) to be notified to the Delegate, 
the Trustee and the Government as soon as practicable after such determination. Notice

--- Page 146 ---
- 132 - 
 
 
thereof shall also promptly be given to the Certificateholders by the Trustee or the 
Government in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices). 
(f) 
Binding nature of determinations; no Liability: 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 19 
(Aggregation Agent; Aggregation Procedures) by the Aggregation Agent and any 
appointed Calculation Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the 
Trustee, the Government, the Delegate and the Certificateholders and (subject as 
aforesaid) no Liability to any such Person will attach to the Aggregation Agent or the 
Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, 
duties and discretions for such purposes. 
(g) 
Manner of publication: 
The Trustee and the Government will publish all notices and other matters required to be 
published pursuant to the Declaration of Trust including any matters required to be 
published pursuant to Conditions 14 (Dissolution Events), Condition 18 (Meetings of 
Certificateholders; Written Resolutions) and this Condition 19 (Aggregation Agent; 
Aggregation Procedures): 
(i) 
through Euroclear, Clearstream Luxembourg and/or any other clearing system in 
which the Trust Certificates are held (as applicable); 
(ii) 
in such other places and in such other manner as may be required by applicable 
law or regulation; and 
(iii) 
in such other places and in such other manner as may be customary. 
20. 
Certificateholders' Committee 
(a) 
Appointment: 
(i) 
Holders of at least 25 per cent. of the aggregate face amount of all outstanding 
series of securities (taken in aggregate) issued by the Trustee or the Government 
(the "Relevant Securities") may, by notice in writing to the Trustee and the 
Government (with a copy to the Delegate), appoint any person or persons as a 
committee to represent the interests of such holders (as well as the interests of any 
holders of outstanding securities who wish to be represented by such a committee) 
if any of the following events has occurred: 
(A) 
a Dissolution Event or a Potential Dissolution Event; 
(B) 
any public announcement by the Trustee or the Government (as the case 
may be), to the effect that the Trustee or the Government (as the case 
may be) is seeking or intends to seek a rescheduling or restructuring of 
the Trust Certificates or any other Relevant Securities (whether by 
amendment, exchange offer or otherwise); or 
(C) 
with the agreement of the Government, at a time when the Government 
has reasonably reached the conclusion that its debt may no longer be 
sustainable whilst the Trust Certificates or any other Relevant Securities 
are outstanding. 
(ii) 
Upon receipt of a written notice that a committee has been appointed in 
accordance with Condition 20(a)(i) (Appointment) and a certificate delivered 
pursuant to Condition 20(d) (Certification), the Government or the Trustee shall 
give notice of the appointment of such a committee to: 
(A) 
the Delegate and all Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 17 
(Notices); and

--- Page 147 ---
- 133 - 
 
 
(B) 
the holders of each series of Relevant Securities in accordance with the 
terms and conditions of each such series of Relevant Securities, 
as soon as practicable after such written notice and such certificate are delivered. 
(b) 
Powers: 
Such committee in its discretion may, among other things: 
(i) 
engage legal advisers and financial advisers to assist it in representing the interests 
of the holders of all series of Relevant Securities (including the 
Certificateholders); 
(ii) 
adopt such rules as it considers appropriate regarding its proceedings; 
(iii) 
enter into discussions with the Trustee and/or the Government and/or other 
creditors of the Trustee and/or the Government; and 
(iv) 
designate one or more members of the committee to act as the main point(s) of 
contact with the Trustee and/or the Government and provide all relevant contact 
details to the Trustee and/or the Government. 
Except to the extent provided in this Condition 20(b), such committee shall not have the 
ability to exercise any powers or discretions which the holders of all series of Relevant 
Securities (including the Certificateholders) could themselves exercise. 
(c) 
Engagement with the committee and provision of information: 
(i) 
Each of the Trustee and the Government shall: 
(A) 
subject to paragraph (B) immediately below, engage with the committee 
in good faith; 
(B) 
provide the committee with information equivalent to that required under 
Condition 18(f) (Information) and related proposals, if any, in each case 
as the same become available, subject to any applicable information 
disclosure policies, rules and regulations; and 
(C) 
pay any reasonable fees and expenses of any such committee (including 
without limitation, the reasonable and documented fees and expenses of 
the committee's legal and financial advisers, if any) following receipt of 
reasonably detailed invoices and supporting documentation. 
(ii) 
If more than one committee has been appointed by holders of one or more series 
of Relevant Securities in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 20 
(Certificateholders' Committee) and/or equivalent provisions set out in the terms 
and conditions of any such Relevant Securities, neither the Trustee nor the 
Government shall be obliged to engage with such committees separately. Such 
committees may appoint a single steering group (to be comprised of 
representatives from such committees), whereupon the Trustee and the 
Government shall engage with such steering group. 
(d) 
Certification: 
Upon the appointment of a committee, the person or persons constituting such a committee 
(the "Members") will provide a certificate to the Trustee, the Government and to the 
Delegate signed by the authorised representatives of the Members, and the Trustee, the 
Government and the Delegate may rely upon the terms of such certificate conclusively 
and without any Liability therefor. 
The certificate shall certify: 
(i) 
that the committee has been appointed;

--- Page 148 ---
- 134 - 
 
 
(ii) 
the identity of the Members; and 
(iii) 
that such appointment complies with the terms and conditions of the relevant 
securities documentation. 
Promptly after any change in the identity of the Members, a new certificate which each of 
the Trustee, the Government and the Delegate may rely on conclusively (and without any 
Liability therefor), will be delivered to the Trustee, the Government and the Delegate 
identifying the new Members. Each of the Trustee, the Government and the Delegate will 
assume that the membership of the committee has not changed unless and until it has 
received a new certificate. 
The provisions of this Condition 20(d) shall apply, mutatis mutandis, to any steering group 
appointed in accordance with Condition 20(c)(ii) (Engagement with the committee and 
provision of information). 
In appointing a person or persons as a committee to represent the interests of the 
Certificateholders, the Certificateholders may instruct a representative or representatives 
of the committee to form a separate committee or to join a steering group with any person 
or persons appointed for similar purposes by other series of Relevant Securities. 
21. 
Indemnification and Liability of the Delegate 
21.1 
The Declaration of Trust contains provisions for the indemnification of the Delegate in certain 
circumstances and for its relief from responsibility, including provisions relieving it from taking 
action unless indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction. 
21.2 
The Delegate makes no representation and assumes no responsibility for the validity, sufficiency 
or enforceability of the obligations of the Government (acting in any capacity) under any 
Transaction Document and shall not under any circumstances have any Liability or be obliged to 
account to the Certificateholders in respect of any payment which should have been made by the 
Government (acting in any capacity), but is not so made, and shall not in any circumstances have 
any Liability arising from the Trust Assets other than as expressly provided in these Conditions or 
in the Declaration of Trust. 
21.3 
Each of the Delegate and the Trustee is exempted from (a) any Liability in respect of any loss or 
theft of the Trust Assets or any cash, (b) any obligation to insure the Trust Assets or any cash and 
(c) any claim arising from the fact that the Trust Assets or any cash are held by or on behalf of the 
Trustee or on deposit or in an account with any depositary or clearing system or are registered in 
the name of the Trustee or its nominee, unless such loss or theft arises as a result of wilful default, 
gross negligence or fraud of the Delegate or the Trustee, as the case may be. 
22. 
Currency Indemnity 
The Specified Currency is the sole currency of account and payment for all sums payable by the 
Trustee under or in connection with the Trust Certificates, including damages. Any amount 
received or recovered in a currency other than the Specified Currency (whether as a result of, or of 
the enforcement of, a judgment or order of a court of any jurisdiction or otherwise) by any 
Certificateholder in respect of any sum expressed to be due to it from the Trustee shall only 
constitute a discharge to the Trustee to the extent of the Specified Currency amount which the 
recipient is able to purchase with the amount so received or recovered in that other currency on the 
date of that receipt or recovery (or, if it is not practicable to make that purchase on that date, on the 
first date on which it is practicable to do so). If that Specified Currency amount is less than the 
Specified Currency amount expressed to be due to the recipient under any Trust Certificate, the 
Trustee shall indemnify it against any loss sustained by it as a result. In any event, the Trustee shall 
indemnify the recipient against the cost of making any such purchase. For the purposes of this 
Condition 22, it will be sufficient for the Certificateholder to demonstrate that it would have 
suffered a loss had an actual purchase been made. These indemnities constitute a separate and 
independent obligation from the Trustee's other obligations, shall give rise to a separate and 
independent cause of action, shall apply irrespective of any indulgence granted by any 
Certificateholder and shall continue in full force and effect despite any other judgment, order, claim

--- Page 149 ---
- 135 - 
 
 
or proof for a liquidated amount in respect of any sum due under any Trust Certificate or any other 
judgment or order. 
23. 
Further Issues 
In respect of any Series, the Trustee shall, subject to and in accordance with the Declaration of 
Trust, be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Certificateholders to create and 
issue additional Trust Certificates having the same terms and conditions as the outstanding Trust 
Certificates of such Series (or terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the 
date and amount of the first payment of the Periodic Distribution Amount and the date from which 
Periodic Distribution Amounts start to accrue), and so that the same shall be consolidated and form 
a single Series with the outstanding Trust Certificates of such Series. Any additional Trust 
Certificates which are to form a single Series with the outstanding Trust Certificates previously 
constituted by the Declaration of Trust shall be constituted by a deed supplemental to the 
Declaration of Trust. References in these Conditions to the Trust Certificates include (unless the 
context requires otherwise) any other trust certificates issued pursuant to this Condition and 
forming a single series with the outstanding Trust Certificates. 
24. 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
No Person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of the Trust Certificates under the 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
25. 
Governing Law and Dispute Resolution 
25.1 
Governing Law: The Declaration of Trust (including these Conditions), the Agency Agreement, 
the Servicing Agency Agreement, the Master Murabaha Agreement, the Purchase Undertaking, 
the Sale and Substitution Undertaking and the Trust Certificates and any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with the same are and shall be governed by, and 
construed in accordance with, English law. 
25.2 
Arbitration: The Delegate, the Trustee and the Government have in the Declaration of Trust agreed 
that, subject to the provisions of Condition 25.3 (Option to Litigate), any dispute, claim, difference 
or controversy arising out of, relating to or having connection with the Declaration of Trust and/or 
the Trust Certificates (which includes these Conditions and this Condition 25.2 (including any 
dispute as to their existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach or termination of the 
Declaration of Trust or the consequences of their nullity and any dispute relating to any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them) (a "Dispute") shall be referred 
to and finally resolved by arbitration in accordance with the Arbitration Rules of the LCIA (the 
"Rules"), which Rules (as amended from time to time) are incorporated by reference into this 
Condition 25 (Governing Law and Dispute Resolution). For these purposes: 
(a) 
the seat of arbitration shall be London; 
(b) 
there shall be three arbitrators, each of whom shall be an attorney experienced in 
international securities transactions. The claimant(s), irrespective of number, shall 
nominate jointly one arbitrator; the respondent(s), irrespective of number, shall nominate 
jointly the second arbitrator, and a third arbitrator (who shall act as presiding arbitrator) 
shall be nominated by the arbitrators nominated by or on behalf of the claimant(s) and 
respondent(s) or, in the absence of agreement on the third arbitrator within 30 days of the 
date of nomination of the later of the two party-nominated arbitrators to be nominated, the 
third arbitrator shall be chosen by the LCIA Court (as defined in the Rules); and 
(c) 
the language of the arbitration shall be English. 
25.3 
Option to Litigate: Notwithstanding the agreement described in Condition 25.2 (Arbitration), the 
Delegate may, in the alternative and at its sole discretion, by notice in writing to the Trustee and 
the Government in accordance with the Declaration of Trust: 
(a) 
within 28 days of service of a Request for Arbitration (as defined in the Rules); or 
(b) 
if no arbitration has commenced,

--- Page 150 ---
- 136 - 
 
 
require that the Dispute be heard by a court of law (a "Notice to Litigate"). If the Delegate gives 
a Notice to Litigate, the Dispute to which such notice refers shall be determined in the manner 
described in Condition 25.4 and any arbitration commenced under Condition 25.2 (Arbitration) in 
respect of that Dispute will be terminated. Each of the parties to the terminated arbitration will bear 
its own costs in relation thereto (other than the Delegate whose costs will be borne by the 
Government). 
25.4 
Effect of exercise of option to litigate: If a Notice to Litigate is given pursuant to Condition 25.3 
(Option to Litigate), the following provisions shall apply: 
(a) 
subject to paragraph (c) below, the courts of England shall have exclusive jurisdiction to 
settle any Dispute and each of the Trustee and the Government have in the Declaration of 
Trust submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts; 
(b) 
each of the Trustee and the Government have agreed that the courts of England are the 
most appropriate and convenient courts to settle any Dispute and, accordingly, that they 
will not argue to the contrary; and 
(c) 
this Condition 25.4 is for the benefit of the Delegate for and on behalf of the 
Certificateholders only. As a result, and notwithstanding paragraphs (a) and (b) above, the 
Delegate may take proceedings relating to a Dispute ("Proceedings") in any other courts 
with jurisdiction and, to the extent allowed by law, may take concurrent Proceedings in 
any number of jurisdictions. 
26. 
Waiver of Immunity 
Under the Declaration of Trust, the Government and the Trustee has agreed that, to the extent that 
it may claim for itself or its assets or revenues immunity from jurisdiction, enforcement, 
prejudgment proceedings, injunctions and all other legal or arbitral proceedings and relief and to 
the extent that such immunity (whether or not claimed) may be attributed to it or its assets or 
revenues, it will not claim and has irrevocably and unconditionally waived such immunity to the 
full extent permitted by the laws of that jurisdiction in relation to any Proceedings or Disputes. 
Further, each of the Government and the Trustee has irrevocably and unconditionally consented to 
the giving of any relief or the issue of any legal or arbitral proceedings, including, without 
limitation, jurisdiction, enforcement, prejudgment proceedings and injunctions in connection with 
any Proceedings or Disputes.  
27. 
Waiver of Interest 
27.1 
Each of the Trustee, the Government and the Delegate has in the Declaration of Trust irrevocably 
agreed that no interest will be payable or receivable under or in connection therewith and each 
party agrees that it will not claim any interest in respect of any proceedings brought by or on behalf 
of a party under the Declaration of Trust, any other Transaction Document or these Conditions. 
27.2 
If it is determined that any interest is payable or receivable in connection therewith by a party, 
whether as a result of any arbitral award or by operation of any applicable law or otherwise, such 
party has agreed to waive any rights it may have to claim or receive such interest and has agreed 
that if any such interest is actually received by it, it shall promptly donate the same to a registered 
or otherwise officially recognised charitable organisation. 
27.3 
For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Condition 27 shall be construed as a waiver of rights in 
respect of any Periodic Distribution Amounts, Required Amounts, Rentals, Dissolution Amounts, 
Exercise Price, Certificateholder Put Right Exercise Price, Tangibility Event Certificateholder Put 
Right Exercise Price, Full Reinstatement Value, Loss Shortfall Amount, Deferred Sale Price, Profit 
Amount Instalments, Profit Amounts or profit or principal or other amount payable of any kind 
howsoever described payable by the Government (in any capacity) or the Trustee (in any capacity) 
pursuant to the Transaction Documents and/or these Conditions, howsoever such amounts may be 
described or re-characterised by way of arbitral tribunal.

--- Page 151 ---
- 137 - 
 
 
28. 
Agent for Service of Process 
Each of the Government and the Trustee has irrevocably appointed Maples and Calder at its 
registered office at 11th Floor, 200 Aldersgate Street, London, EC1A 4HD, United Kingdom to 
receive, for it and on its behalf, service of process in respect of any Proceedings or Disputes in 
England. Such service shall be deemed completed on delivery to such process agent (whether or 
not it is forwarded to and received by the Government or the Trustee). If for any reason such agent 
shall cease to be such agent for service of process, the Government and/or the Trustee (as 
applicable) shall forthwith appoint a new agent for service of process in England and notify the 
Delegate and the Certificateholders of such appointment (in accordance with Condition 17 
(Notices)) within 30 days. Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve process in any other manner 
permitted by law.

--- Page 152 ---
- 138 - 
 
 
SUMMARY OF THE PRINCIPAL TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS 
The following is a summary of certain provisions of the principal Transaction Documents. Copies of the 
Transaction Documents will be available for inspection and/or collection at the specified office of the 
Principal Paying Agent (as defined in the Conditions). Words and expressions defined in the Conditions 
shall have the meanings in this summary. 
The Master Declaration of Trust 
The Master Declaration of Trust was entered into on 5 July 2021 between the Trustee, the Government and 
the Delegate and is governed by English law. Pursuant to the Master Declaration of Trust, a Supplemental 
Declaration of Trust between the same parties will be entered into on the Issue Date of each Tranche of 
Trust Certificates and will also be governed by English law. 
Upon issue of any Series of Trust Certificates, the Master Declaration of Trust and each relevant 
Supplemental Declaration of Trust shall together constitute the trust over the relevant Trust Assets declared 
by the Trustee in relation to such Series. 
The Trust Assets in respect of each Series of Trust Certificates comprise, inter alia, the rights, title and 
interest, present and future, of the Trustee in, to and under the Lease Asset(s), the rights, title, interest and 
benefit, present and future, of the Trustee in, to and under the Transaction Documents (excluding: (i) any 
representations given by the Government to the Trustee and the Delegate pursuant to the Transaction 
Documents; and (ii) the covenant given to the Trustee pursuant to clause 15.1 of the Master Declaration of 
Trust) and all monies standing to the credit of the relevant Transaction Account from time to time. 
Pursuant to the Declaration of Trust, the Trustee will agree to act for and on behalf of the Certificateholders 
and, inter alia, in relation to each Tranche of Trust Certificates: 
(a) 
hold the relevant Trust Assets on trust absolutely for the Certificateholders as beneficial tenants in 
common pro rata according to the face amount of Trust Certificates held by each Certificateholder; 
and 
(b) 
act as trustee in respect of such Trust Assets, distribute the income from such Trust Assets and 
perform its duties in accordance with the provisions of the Declaration of Trust. 
Each Declaration of Trust will specify, inter alia, that in relation to each Series: 
(a) 
no recourse shall be had for the payment of any amount under the Declaration of Trust or under 
any relevant Transaction Document, whether for the payment of any fee, indemnity or other 
amount under the Declaration of Trust or any other obligation or claim arising out of or based upon 
the Transaction Documents, against the Trustee (and/or its directors, officers, or administrators), 
the Delegate, any Agent or any of their respective agents or affiliates to the extent the Trust Assets 
have been exhausted following which all obligations of the Trustee, the Delegate, any Agents and 
their respective agents or affiliates shall be extinguished; 
(b) 
the Trustee may from time to time (but always subject to the provisions of the Declaration of Trust), 
without the consent of the Certificateholders, create and issue additional Trust Certificates having 
the same terms and conditions as the outstanding Trust Certificates of such Series (or terms and 
conditions that are the same in all respects save for the date and amount of the first payment of the 
Periodic Distribution Amount and the date from which Periodic Distribution Amounts start to 
accrue), and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single series, with the outstanding 
Trust Certificates of such Series, and that any additional Trust Certificates which are to be created 
and issued so as to form a single series with the outstanding Trust Certificates of a particular Series 
shall be constituted by a Supplemental Declaration of Trust in relation to which all applicable 
stamp duties or other documentation fees, duties or taxes have been paid and, if applicable, duly 
stamped and containing such other provisions as are necessary (including making such 
consequential modifications to the Master Declaration of Trust) in order to give effect to the issue 
of such additional Trust Certificates; and 
(c) 
on the date upon which any additional Trust Certificates are created and issued pursuant to the 
provisions pursuant to the provisions described in paragraph (b) above, a Supplemental Purchase 
Agreement will be entered into by the Government (in its capacity as seller) and the Trustee (in its

--- Page 153 ---
- 139 - 
 
 
capacity as purchaser) for the sale, transfer and conveyance of rights, title and interests, in, to and 
under the relevant Additional Asset(s). The Trustee will execute a Declaration of Commingling of 
Assets for and on behalf of the holders of the existing Trust Certificates and the holders of such 
additional Trust Certificates so created and issued, declaring that the Additional Asset(s) (as set 
out in the relevant Declaration of Commingling of Assets) and the Lease Asset(s) in respect of the 
relevant Series as in existence immediately prior to the creation and issue of the additional Trust 
Certificates and the investments made pursuant to the Master Murabaha Agreement (and all rights 
arising under or with respect to such investments made pursuant to the Master Murabaha 
Agreement) in respect of the relevant Series are commingled and shall collectively comprise part 
of the Trust Assets for the benefit of the holders of the existing Trust Certificates and the holders 
of such additional Trust Certificates as tenants in common pro rata according to the face amount 
of Trust Certificates held by each Certificateholder, in accordance with the Declaration of Trust. 
In the Declaration of Trust, the Trustee will irrevocably and unconditionally appoint the Delegate to, inter 
alia, exercise all the present and future powers, trusts, rights, authorities and discretions (including but not 
limited to the authority to request instructions from any Certificateholders and the power to sub-delegate 
and to make any determinations to be made under the Declaration of Trust) vested in the Trustee by the 
relevant provisions of the Declaration of Trust. The appointment of the Delegate by the Trustee is intended 
to be in the interests of the Certificateholders and, subject as provided in the Declaration of Trust, does not 
affect the Trustee's continuing role and obligations as trustee of the trusts created pursuant to the Master 
Declaration of Trust. 
In the Declaration of Trust the Delegate will undertake that, inter alia, if it has actual knowledge or express 
notice pursuant to the Declaration of Trust of the occurrence of a Dissolution Event in respect of any Trust 
Certificates and subject to Condition 14 (Dissolution Events): (i) it shall, as soon as reasonably practicable, 
notify the Certificateholders of the occurrence of such Dissolution Event in accordance with Condition 17 
(Notices) with a request to such holders to indicate whether they wish the Trust Certificates to become 
immediately due and payable; and (ii) if so requested in writing by Certificateholders representing not less 
than 25 per cent. in aggregate face amount of the Trust Certificates for the time being outstanding (subject 
to being indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction), or if the Delegate decides in its 
discretion, it shall give notice to the Trustee, the Government and the Certificateholders in accordance with 
Condition 17 (Notices) that the Trust Certificates are to be redeemed on the Dissolution Event Redemption 
Date specified in such notice at the Dissolution Event Amount specified in, or determined in the manner 
specified in, the applicable Final Terms, together with all unpaid Periodic Distribution Amounts (if any) 
accrued to (but excluding) the Dissolution Event Redemption Date.  
A non-interest bearing Transaction Account in London will be established in the name of the Trustee in 
respect of each Series of Trust Certificates. Monies received in the Transaction Account in respect of each 
Series will, inter alia, comprise payments corresponding to Periodic Distribution Amounts and/or 
Dissolution Amounts immediately prior to each Periodic Distribution Date and/or any Dissolution Date, as 
the case may be. The Master Declaration of Trust provides that all moneys standing to the credit of the 
Transaction Account from time to time in respect of each Series will be applied in the manner set out in 
Condition 5 (The Trust). 
In the Master Declaration of Trust, the Government has undertaken that (i) if, at the time of delivery of the 
Exercise Notice in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase Undertaking, the Government (acting in 
any capacity) remains in actual or constructive possession, custody or control of all or any part of the Lease 
Assets; and (ii) if, following delivery of the Exercise Notice in accordance with the provisions of the 
Purchase Undertaking, the Exercise Price, the Certificateholder Put Right Exercise Price or the Tangibility 
Event Certificateholder Put Right Exercise Price, as the case may be, is not paid in accordance with the 
provisions of the Purchase Undertaking for any reason whatsoever, the Government shall (as an 
independent, severable and separately enforceable obligation) fully indemnify the Trustee for the purpose 
of redemption in full of the Trust Certificates then outstanding or the Certificateholder Put Right Trust 
Certificates or the Tangibility Event Certificateholder Put Right Certificates (each as defined in the 
Purchase Undertaking), as the case may be, and, accordingly, the amount payable under any such indemnity 
claim will equal the Exercise Price, the Certificateholder Put Right Exercise Price or Tangibility Event 
Certificateholder Put Right Exercise Price, as the case may be.  
The Government has further undertaken that, if the outstanding Deferred Sale Price is not paid on the 
relevant Dissolution Date in accordance with the provisions of the Master Murabaha Agreement for any 
reason whatsoever, the Government shall (as an independent, severable and separately enforceable 
obligation) fully indemnify the Trustee for the purpose of redemption in full of the Trust Certificates then

--- Page 154 ---
- 140 - 
 
 
outstanding and, accordingly, the amount payable under any such indemnity claim will equal the 
outstanding Deferred Sale Price. 
In addition, if the Trustee fails to comply with any obligation to pay additional amounts pursuant to 
Condition 12 (Taxation), the Government has undertaken that it will unconditionally and irrevocably 
(irrespective of the payment of any fee), as a continuing obligation, pay to or to the order of the Delegate 
(for the benefit of the Certificateholders) an amount equal to the liability of the Trustee in respect of any 
and all additional amounts required to be paid by the Trustee in respect of the Trust Certificates pursuant 
to Condition 12 (Taxation). 
Master Purchase Agreement 
The Master Purchase Agreement was entered into on 5 July 2021 between the Trustee (in its capacity as 
purchaser), the Government (in its capacity as seller) and the Delegate and is governed by the laws of the 
Emirate of Sharjah and, to the extent applicable in the Emirate of Sharjah, the federal laws of the United 
Arab Emirates. A Supplemental Purchase Agreement between the same parties will be entered into on the 
Issue Date of the relevant Tranche (including any additional Tranche of Trust Certificates issued pursuant 
to Condition 23 (Further Issues) (an "Additional Tranche")) of Trust Certificates and will also be 
governed by the laws of the Emirate of Sharjah and, to the extent applicable in the Emirate of Sharjah, the 
federal laws of the United Arab Emirates. 
Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the Government (in its capacity as seller) may, from time to time, sell, 
transfer and convey to the Trustee (in its capacity as purchaser), and the Trustee may, from time to time, 
purchase and accept the transfer and conveyance from the Government of, all of the Government's rights, 
title and interests in, to and under (a) on the Issue Date of the first Tranche of a Series, the relevant Asset(s); 
and (b) on the Issue Date of any Additional Tranche, the "Additional Asset(s)", in each case pursuant to a 
Supplemental Purchase Agreement which will, among other things, specify the Asset(s) or Additional 
Asset(s), as the case may be, being sold and the price to be paid for them. 
Master Lease Agreement 
The Master Lease Agreement was entered into on 5 July 2021 between the Trustee (in its capacity as lessor), 
the Government (in its capacity as lessee) and the Delegate and is governed by the laws of the Emirate of 
Sharjah and, to the extent applicable in the Emirate of Sharjah, the federal laws of the United Arab Emirates. 
A Supplemental Lease Agreement between the same parties will be entered into on the Issue Date of the 
first Tranche of a Series and will also be governed by the laws of the Emirate of Sharjah and, to the extent 
applicable in the Emirate of Sharjah, the federal laws of the United Arab Emirates. 
Pursuant to the Lease Agreement, the Trustee (in its capacity as lessor) may, from time to time, agree to 
lease to the Government (in its capacity as lessee), and the Government may, from time to time, agree to 
lease from the Trustee, certain Lease Asset(s) during renewable rental periods commencing on the Lease 
Commencement Date (which shall be the relevant Issue Date) and extending to the Scheduled Dissolution 
Date (unless the relevant Supplemental Lease Agreement is terminated earlier in accordance with its terms 
or extended in accordance with the Purchase Undertaking). 
No later than one business day prior to the completion of each rental period the Trustee (in its capacity as 
lessor) (or its agent) shall send a Rental Notice to the Government (in its capacity as lessee).  Such notice 
shall be irrevocable and the Government (in its capacity as lessee) agrees that, unless it immediately rejects 
such notice (in which case it acknowledges that it will be in breach of its undertaking to irrevocably and 
unconditionally lease from the Trustee (in its capacity as Lessor) for the lease term) it will be deemed to 
have accepted each such notice as and when delivered.  Where there is any delay or failure by the Trustee 
(in its capacity as lessor) in delivering a rental notice, the Rental for the relevant rental period shall accrue 
at the same rate as the Rental for the immediately preceding rental period. 
On each "ASCA Request Date" (being the date on which the Government (in its capacity as servicing 
agent) submit to the Trustee (in its capacity as lessor) or its agent a request for the Trustee's (in its capacity 
as lessor) approval of the Government (in its capacity as servicing agent) incurring or paying any proposed 
liability comprising an additional servicing agency expense), the Trustee (in its capacity as lessor) (or its 
agent) shall notify the Government (in its capacity as lessee) in writing that it is requested to pay to the 
Trustee (in its capacity as lessor) on the first business day of the first rental period commencing after the 
ASCA Request Date an amount of additional supplementary rental in respect of that rental period (as shall 
also be specified in the relevant rental notice) equal to the relevant additional servicing agency expenses

--- Page 155 ---
- 141 - 
 
 
proposed to be incurred in the rental period in which such ASCA Request Date falls. Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and the Government (in its capacity as lessee) hereby agrees that, unless it rejects such notice 
on such ASCA Request Date (in which case it acknowledges that such rejection will constitute a 
Government Event), it will be deemed to have approved such notice as and when delivered and agreed to 
pay the requested amount of additional supplementary rental in accordance with such notice and the relevant 
rental notice. 
The Government (in its capacity as lessee) will agree to use the relevant Lease Asset(s) at its own risk. 
Accordingly, the Government shall from the date of the relevant Supplemental Lease Agreement bear the 
entire risk of loss of or damage to the relevant Lease Asset(s) or any part thereof arising from the usage or 
operation thereof by it to the extent that such loss or damage has resulted from the Government's gross 
negligence, wilful default, actual fraud, or breach of its obligations under the relevant Supplemental Lease 
Agreement. In addition, the Trustee (as lessor) shall not be liable (and the Government (as lessee) will 
waive any claim or right, howsoever arising, to the contrary) for any indirect, consequential or other losses, 
howsoever arising, in connection with the Government's use or operation of the relevant Lease Asset(s). 
If a Total Loss Event shall occur with respect to the Lease Asset(s), then, without prejudice to any right or 
remedy the Lessor may have under any Transaction Document or by law, the Supplemental Lease 
Agreement and the Lease shall automatically terminate, and further Rental payments shall cease to be due 
under the Supplemental Lease Agreement, except that such termination will not occur where the Lease 
Asset(s) have been replaced pursuant to the Servicing Agency Agreement (and provided the Supplemental 
Lease Agreement has been amended in accordance therewith and the Servicing Agency Agreement to 
reflect the Replacement Lease Asset(s) by the 60th day following such Total Loss Event) the Lessor will be 
entitled to all proceeds of the Insurances payable as a result of the Total Loss Event. 
If a Partial Loss Event shall occur with respect to any of the Lease Assets: 
(a) 
provided that the Lease Assets have not been replaced pursuant to the Servicing Agency Agreement, 
within 30 days of the Partial Loss Event Date, the Government (in its capacity as lessee) may give 
notice (a "Partial Loss Termination Notice") to the Trustee (in its capacity as lessor) and the 
Delegate that the Lease shall terminate on the 61st day after the Partial Loss Event Date; or 
(b) 
provided that the Government (in its capacity as lessee) has not exercised, or has expressly waived, 
its rights to terminate the Lease under paragraph (a) above, if such Lease Assets have not been 
replaced pursuant to the Servicing Agency Agreement, 
without prejudice to any right or remedy that the Lessor may have under any Transaction Document or by 
law, the Lease shall automatically terminate on the 61st day after the Partial Loss Event Date (the "Partial 
Loss Termination Date") and the Trustee (in its capacity as lessor) will be entitled (in addition to any 
amounts payable pursuant to the Servicing Agency Agreement and the Purchase Undertaking) to any due 
and unpaid Rental up to the Partial Loss Event Date.  
For the avoidance of doubt, if the Government (in its capacity as lessee) does not issue a Partial Loss Event 
Termination Notice within 30 days of the Partial Loss Event Date, or it expressly waives such right, it shall 
be not be entitled to exercise such right thereafter. 
 
Between the period from and including the Partial Loss Event Date to but excluding the 60th day after the 
Partial Loss Event Date (the "Partial Loss Event Notice Expiry Date") and provided the Government (in 
its capacity as lessee) has not exercised, or has expressly waived, its right to terminate the Lease under 
Clause 11.4.1 of the Supplemental Lease Agreement or the Lease has not otherwise been terminated under 
Clause 11.4.2 of the Supplemental Lease Agreement, the Government (in its capacity as lessee) may request 
a proportionate reimbursement of Rental accrued during the period from and including the Partial Loss 
Event Date to but excluding the Partial Loss Event Reimbursement Date to take into account the impairment 
suffered by the Impaired Lease Asset(s) (the "Rental Reimbursement Amount") (a "Rental 
Reimbursement Request"). If a Rental Reimbursement Request is made in accordance with this 
paragraph, the Trustee (in its capacity as lessor) shall: (a) from the proceeds of any Insurances paid in 
accordance with the Servicing Agency Agreement and/or (b) (to the extent the proceeds of any such 
Insurances are insufficient) through the Liquidity Facility made available by the Government (as servicing 
agent) (on behalf of the Trustee (as lessor)) in accordance with the terms of the Servicing Agency 
Agreement, pay the Rental Reimbursement Amount to the Government (in its capacity as lessee) on the 
earlier of (i) the 60th day following the Partial Loss Event and (ii) the Replacement Date (the "Partial Loss 
Event Reimbursement Date"). For the avoidance of doubt, if the Government (in its capacity as lessee)

--- Page 156 ---
- 142 - 
 
 
does not make a Rental Reimbursement Request before the occurrence of the Partial Loss Event Notice 
Expiry Date, or it expressly waives such right, it shall be not be entitled to exercise such right thereafter. 
For the avoidance of doubt if, following a Partial Loss Event, the Lease is not terminated pursuant to the 
Supplemental Lease Agreement and whether or not a Rental Reimbursement Request is made, then the 
terms of the Lease, including the amount of Rental, shall continue on the same terms as which applied prior 
to the occurrence of the Partial Loss Event. 
The Government (in its capacity as lessee) has undertaken in the Master Lease Agreement, in relation to 
each Series, that it shall maintain actual or constructive possession, custody or control of all of the Lease 
Assets during the Lease Term. 
 
Under the Supplemental Lease Agreement, the Government (in its capacity as lessee) will agree to be 
responsible, at its own cost and expense, for the performance of all ordinary maintenance and repair 
required for any relevant Lease Asset(s). The Trustee (in its capacity as lessor) shall be responsible for: (i) 
the performance of all major maintenance and structural repair; (ii) the payment of any proprietorship or 
other relevant taxes (excluding all taxes that are by law imposed, charged or levied against a lessee or a 
tenant); and (iii) insuring any relevant Lease Asset(s), and the Government (as lessee) will acknowledge 
that the Trustee (as lessor) may procure that the Servicing Agent, in accordance with the terms and 
conditions set out in the Servicing Agency Agreement, shall perform, or shall procure the performance of, 
the major maintenance and structural repair, the payment of such taxes and the insurance of such relevant 
Lease Asset(s), on behalf of the Trustee (in its capacity as lessor). 
 
All payments by the Government (as lessee) to the Trustee (as lessor) under each Lease Agreement shall 
be made in the Specified Currency without set-off (except as provided below) or counterclaim of any kind 
and free and clear of, and without any deduction or withholding, for any Taxes of whatever nature imposed, 
levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within any Relevant Jurisdiction or any authority therein or 
thereof having power to tax, unless the withholding or deduction is required by law. In that event, the 
Government (as lessee) will agree under the relevant Lease Agreement to pay such additional amounts as 
will result in the receipt by the Trustee (as lessor) of such amounts as would have been received by it had 
no such deduction or withholding had been required. 
The Government (in its capacity as lessee) will ensure that its payment obligations under each Lease 
Agreement are and will be direct, unsubordinated and (subject to the negative pledge provisions described 
in the Purchase Undertaking) unsecured obligations of the Government and (save for such exceptions as 
may be provided by applicable legislation and subject to the negative pledge provisions described in the 
Purchase Undertaking) at all times rank at least pari passu with all other present and future unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Government from time to time outstanding, provided, further, that the 
Government shall have no obligation to effect equal or rateable payment(s) at any time with respect to any 
such other obligations and, in particular, shall have no obligation to pay such other obligations at the same 
time or as a condition of paying sums due under the Lease Agreement and vice versa. 
Servicing Agency Agreement 
The Servicing Agency Agreement was entered into on 5 July 2021 between the Trustee (in its capacity as 
lessor), the Government (in its capacity as servicing agent) and the Delegate, and is governed by English 
law. 
Pursuant to the Servicing Agency Agreement, the Government (as servicing agent) will be responsible on 
behalf of the Trustee (in its capacity as lessor) for the carrying out of all major maintenance and structural 
repair, the payment of proprietorship taxes (if any) charged, levied or claimed on the relevant Lease Asset(s), 
for effecting all appropriate Insurances in respect of the Lease Asset(s) and the appointment of a Shari'a 
adviser.  
The Servicing Agent irrevocably undertakes with the Lessor that the Servicing Agent, on behalf of the 
Lessor, will: 
(a) 
ensure that the Lease Asset(s) are, so long as any Trust Certificates are outstanding, are at all times 
properly insured (the "Insurances") (through brokers and with reputable insurance companies in 
good financial standing) to the extent consistent with general industry practice by prudent owners 
of similar assets, including against each Loss Event. The Servicing Agent undertakes to ensure that

--- Page 157 ---
- 143 - 
 
 
the insured amount relating to each Loss Event will, at all times, be at least equal to the Full 
Reinstatement Value; 
(b) 
promptly make a claim in respect of each loss relating to the Lease Asset(s) in accordance with the 
terms of the Insurances;  
(c) 
ensure that, in the event of a Loss Event occurring, unless such Lease Asset(s) are replaced pursuant 
to the Servicing Agency Agreement, all proceeds of any Insurances against a Loss Event are in an 
amount equal to the Full Reinstatement Value and are paid in the Specified Currency directly into 
the Transaction Account by no later than the 60th day after the occurrence of the Loss Event and 
that the insurer are directed accordingly; and 
(d) 
if at any time and for any reason, the Servicing Agent is not in compliance with paragraph (a) 
above, it shall immediately deliver written notice to the Trustee and the Delegate of such non-
compliance and the details thereof. 
The delivery of the notice referred to in paragraph (d) to the Trustee and/or the Delegate in relation to non-
compliance with paragraph (a) above shall constitute a Government Event. 
If, a Loss Event has occurred and if: 
(a) 
the notice referred to in paragraph (d) above has not been delivered by the Servicing Agent to the 
Trustee and the Delegate prior to the occurrence of such Loss Event;  
(b) 
the Lease Assets have not been replaced in accordance with the Servicing Agency Agreement; and  
(c) 
the amount (if any) paid into the Transaction Account pursuant to paragraph (c) above is less than 
the Full Reinstatement Value (the difference between the Full Reinstatement Value and the amount 
credited to the Transaction Account being the "Loss Shortfall Amount"),  
then the Servicing Agent undertakes to pay (in same day, freely transferable, cleared funds) the Loss 
Shortfall Amount directly to the Transaction Account by no later than close of business in London on the 
61st day after the Loss Event has occurred.  Subject to paying such Loss Shortfall Amount in accordance 
with this pargraph, there will be no further claim against the Servicing Agent for failing to comply with its 
insurance obligations. 
The Servicing Agency Agreement provides that if on the occurrence of a Loss Event (other than in respect 
of a Partial Loss Event where a Partial Loss Termination Notice has been delivered) the Government (in its 
capacity as servicing agent) receives notice from the Government that replacement real estate asset(s) 
located in Sharjah (the "Replacement Lease Assets") are available on or before the 60th day after the 
occurrence of the Loss Event, the Trustee shall purchase such Replacement Lease Asset(s) from the 
Government by way of the payment by the Government (in its capacity as servicing agent) on behalf of the 
Trustee of the proceeds of the Insurances (or the assignment of the rights to such proceeds) to or to the 
order of the Government and the transfer to the Government by the Trustee of any residual interest it may 
hold in the relevant Lease Asset(s) (including any remaining rights in respect of any proceeds of the 
Insurances), in each case, on the terms and subject to the conditions of an agreement substantially in the 
form of a Supplemental Purchase Agreement in consideration for the sale, transfer and conveyance by the 
Government of the Replacement Lease Asset(s) to the Trustee. 
"Full Reinstatement Value" shall be equal to, in relation to each Series, the aggregate face amount of the 
Trust Certificates then outstanding for the relevant Series plus all accrued but unpaid Periodic Distribution 
Amounts relating to such Trust Certificates plus an amount equal to the Periodic Distribution Amounts 
relating to such Trust Certificates, which would have accrued (had a Loss Event not occurred) during the 
period beginning on the date on which the Loss Event occurs and ending on but excluding the applicable 
Dissolution Date plus an amount equal to any outstanding Additional Servicing Agent Expenses in respect 
of which the Lessee has agreed to make a corresponding payment of supplementary rental but such payment 
has not been made in accordance with the Lease Agreement plus an amount equal to any Rental 
Reimbursement Amount payable to the Lessee in accordance with the Lease Agreement plus to the extent 
not previously satisfied in accordance with the Servicing Agency Agreement, an amount equal to the sum 
of any outstanding amounts repayable in respect of any Liquidity Facility less, if any, the aggregate amounts 
of Deferred Sale Price then outstanding.

--- Page 158 ---
- 144 - 
 
 
The "Service Charge Amount" payable to the Government (in its capacity as servicing agent) shall be an 
amount equal to, in respect of a rental period, the aggregate of all payments and liabilities made or incurred 
by the Servicing Agent during such rental period in respect of the services provided under the Servicing 
Agency Agreement in relation to the relevant Lease Assets as notified by the Servicing Agent to the Lessor, 
except for any payments or liabilities which comprise Additional Servicing Agency Expenses and amounts 
due to the Servicing Agent (or any third party provider of a Liquidity Facility) under the Servicing Agency 
Agreement in respect of any Liquidity Facility. 
The Servicing Agency Agreement provides that the Servicing Agent shall appoint, and maintain the 
appointment of, the Shari'a Adviser to monitor the compliance with AAOIFI Shari'a standards of the 
Transaction Documents and the Trust Certificates and to advise on any matters requested by the Servicing 
Agent (acting in any capacity under the Transaction Documents). 
If the proceeds of Insurance (if any) paid in accordance with the Servicing Agency Agreement and standing 
to the credit of the Transaction Account are insufficient to pay the Rental Reimbursement Amount in 
accordance with the Lease Agreement and a shortfall remains in the amount of Rental Reimbursement 
Amount to be paid, the Servicing Agent may either: (a) provide Shari'a compliant funding itself; or (b) 
procure Shari'a compliant funding from a third party, in each case, to the extent necessary to ensure that 
the Trustee is able to pay the Rental Reimbursement Amount on the Partial Loss Event Reimbursement 
Date and on terms that such funding is repayable on the relevant Dissolution Date on which the Trust 
Certificates are redeemed in full (such funding in relation to a Series, a "Liquidity Facility"). 
The Servicing Agent shall not incur or pay any liability in any Rental Period in respect of the Services to 
be performed in relation to the relevant Lease Assets which, individually or in the aggregate, would exceed 
the All Expenses Reserve Amount (the amount by which such liability exceeds the All Expenses Reserve 
Amount, the "Additional Servicing Agency Expenses") unless: (a) a request for such incurrence or 
payment of Additional Servicing Agency Expenses has been made by the Servicing Agent to the Lessor in 
accordance with the Servicing Agency Agreement; and (b) following such request, the Lessee has agreed 
to pay to the Lessor an amount of Additional Supplementary Rental equal to such Additional Servicing 
Agency Expenses. If, during any Rental Period, the Servicing Agent incurs or pays such liability without 
first satisfying the foregoing conditions in (a) and (b) above, then it shall be deemed to have unconditionally 
agreed to satisfy, donate and pay all such liabilities from its own  account and the Lessor shall have no 
responsibility whatsoever in connection with such liability. 
The Servicing Agent shall submit to the Lessor or its agent the invoice or receipt for (or other evidence of 
payment or incurrence of) each liability comprising the Service Charge Amount, as soon as practicable 
after the payment or incurrence thereof. The Servicing Agent shall submit to the Lessor or its agent a request 
for the Lessor's approval of the Servicing Agent incurring or paying any proposed liability comprising an 
Additional Servicing Agency Expense prior to incurring or paying such proposed liability (the date of such 
notice being the "ASCA Request Date"). 
Subject to the terms of the relevant Lease Agreement: 
(a) 
the Lessor shall procure that an amount equal to the Service Charge Amount notified to it in 
accordance with the above paragraph is recorded in the Collection Account on the first business 
day of the first rental period commencing after the services invoice date; and 
(b) 
the Lessor shall procure the reimbursement of the Servicing Agent for each Additional Servicing 
Agency Expense approved by recording such amount in the Collection Account on the first 
business day of the first rental period after the ASCA Request Date or, if the relevant Lease is 
terminated prior to such date, on the date of termination of such Lease. 
An amount equal to an Additional Servicing Agency Expense shall not be reimbursed unless the Servicing 
Agent evidences the requirement for the payment or the incurrence of each liability comprising such 
Additional Servicing Agency Expense by delivering to the Lessor quotations or other proper evidence of 
such requirement by no later than the ASCA Request Date. 
Purchase Undertaking 
The Purchase Undertaking was executed on 5 July 2021 by the Government (in its capacity as obligor) as 
a deed in favour of the Trustee and the Delegate and is governed by English law.

--- Page 159 ---
- 145 - 
 
 
In relation to each Series, provided that no Total Loss Event has occurred and is continuing (or if a Total 
Loss Event has occurred, the Lease Assets have been replaced pursuant to the Servicing Agency 
Agreement), the Government (in its capacity as obligor) has irrevocably granted to the Trustee and the 
Delegate the right to require the Government to purchase all of the Trustee's rights, title and interests in, to 
and under the relevant Lease Asset(s) (or the applicable proportion thereof, as the case may be) upon the 
Trustee or the Delegate (on behalf of the Trustee) exercising its option thereunder and delivering an 
Exercise Notice to the Government in accordance with the terms of the Purchase Undertaking, on the 
relevant Scheduled Dissolution Date or, if earlier, on the Dissolution Event Redemption Date or the 
Certificateholder Put Right Date (if Certificateholder Put Right is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms) or the Tangibility Event Put Right Date at the Exercise Price, the Certificateholder Put Right 
Exercise Price or the Tangibility Event Certificateholder Put Right Exercise Price, as the case may be. 
The "Exercise Price", "Certificateholder Put Right Exercise Price" or "Tangibility Event 
Certificateholder Put Right Exercise Price" (as the case may be) payable by the Government (as obligor), 
in relation to each Series, shall be equal to the aggregate face amount of the Trust Certificates then 
outstanding or the Trust Certificates to be redeemed on the Certificateholder Put Right Date or the 
Tangibility Event Put Right Date, as the case may be, for the relevant Series plus all accrued but unpaid 
Periodic Distribution Amounts (if any) relating to such Trust Certificates plus if all of the Trust Certificates 
of a Series are being redeemed, to the extent not previously satisfied in accordance with the Servicing 
Agency Agreement, an amount equal to the sum of any outstanding amounts repayable in respect of any 
Liquidity Facility plus, without duplication or double counting, if all of the Trust Certificates of the relevant 
Series are being redeemed in full, an amount representing any amounts payable by Sharjah Sukuk 
Programme Limited (in any capacity) under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party (including 
but not limited to, if all of the Trust Certificates of the relevant Series are being redeemed in full, an amount 
equal to any Service Charge Amounts in respect of which an appropriate supplementary rental payment has 
not been made in accordance with the Master Lease Agreement and the relevant Supplemental Lease 
Agreement) provided that, in the case of any amounts payable pursuant to Condition 5.2(a) (Application 
of Proceeds from the Trust Assets), the Government has received a notification from the Delegate of such 
amounts by not later than the third business day prior to the date on which the Exercise Notice is delivered, 
less, the aggregate amounts of Deferred Sale Price (or the applicable proportion thereof, as the case may 
be) then outstanding, if any, plus, without duplication or double counting any other amounts payable on 
redemption of the Trust Certificates or the Trust Certificates to be redeemed on the Certificateholder Put 
Right Date or the Tangibility Event Put Right Date, as the case may be, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
The Government (in its capacity as obligor) has undertaken in the Purchase Undertaking that, in relation to 
any Series, it shall irrevocably and unconditionally fully accept all or any ownership interest the Trustee 
may have in the Lease Asset(s),  the Certificateholder Put Right Lease Asset(s) or the Tangibility Event 
Certificateholder Put Right Lease Asset(s). The Government (in its capacity as obligor) has further 
undertaken in the Purchase Undertaking that if, at the time of delivery of the exercise notice in accordance 
with the provisions of the Purchase Undertaking, the Obligor (acting in any capacity) remains in actual or 
constructive possession, custody or control of all or any part of the Lease Assets and if, following delivery 
of the exercise notice in accordance with the provision of the Purchase Undertaking, the relevant Exercise 
Price, the Certificateholder Put Right Exercise Price or the Tangibility Event Certificateholder Put Right 
Exercise Price, as the case may be, is not paid in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase 
Undertaking for any reason whatsoever, the Obligor shall (as an independent, severable and separately 
enforceable obligation) fully indemnify the Trustee for the purpose of redemption in full of the Trust 
Certificates then outstanding or the Certificateholder Put Right Trust Certificates or the Tangibility Event 
Certificateholder Put Right Trust Certificates, as the case may be, and, accordingly, the amount payable 
under any such indemnity claim will equal the Exercise Price, the Certificateholder Put Right Exercise Price 
or the Tangibility Event Certificateholder Put Right Exercise Price, as the case may be. 
The Government (in its capacity as obligor) will also agree in the Purchase Undertaking that all payments 
by it under the Purchase Undertaking will be made in the Specified Currency without set-off (except as 
provided below) or counterclaim of any kind and, free and clear of, any deduction or withholding for Taxes 
of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within any Relevant Jurisdiction 
or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless required by law. In that event, the 
Government (as obligor) shall pay such additional amounts as will result in the receipt by the Trustee of 
such amounts as would have been received by it had no withholding or deduction had been required.

--- Page 160 ---
- 146 - 
 
 
The amount equal to the outstanding Additional Servicing Agency Expenses to be paid by the Government 
as part of the Exercise Price, Certificateholder Put Right Exercise Price or the Tangibility Event 
Certificateholder Put Right Exercise Price, as the case may be, payable pursuant to the Purchase 
Undertaking in respect of which the Trustee (in its capacity as lessor) has agreed to make a corresponding 
payment of additional supplementary rental but such payment has not been made in accordance with the 
Master Lease Agreement and the relevant Supplemental Lease Agreement, and any Additional Servicing 
Agency Expenses to be paid by the Trustee (in its capacity as lessor) pursuant to the Servicing Agency 
Expenses, shall be set off against one another and the obligation to pay that part of the Exercise Price, the 
Certificateholder Put Right Exercise Price or the Tangibility Event Certificateholder Put Right Exercise 
Price, as the case may be pursuant to the exercise of the Purchase Undertaking, shall be discharged by such 
set-off. 
The Government (in its capacity as obligor) will ensure that its payment obligations under the Purchase 
Undertaking are and will be direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the negative pledge 
provisions described in the Purchase Undertaking) unsecured obligations of the Government and (save for 
such exceptions as may be provided by applicable legislation and subject to the negative pledge provisions 
described in the Purchase Undertaking) at all times rank at least pari passu, with all other present and future 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Government, from time to time outstanding, provided, 
further, that the Government shall have no obligation to effect equal or rateable payment(s) at any time with 
respect to any such other obligations and, in particular, shall have no obligation to pay such other obligations 
at the same time or as a condition of paying sums due under the Purchase Undertaking and vice versa. 
Under the Purchase Undertaking, the Government has undertaken that, for so long as any Trust Certificate 
remains outstanding, the Government (acting in any capacity) will not create or permit to subsist any 
Security Interest other than a Permitted Security Interest upon the whole or any part of its present or future 
assets or revenues to secure any Relevant Indebtedness or Relevant Sukuk Obligation, or any guarantee or 
indemnity in respect of Relevant Indebtedness or a Relevant Sukuk Obligation, of any Person, without: 
(a) 
at the same time or prior thereto securing equally and rateably therewith its obligations under the 
Transaction Documents to which it is, in whatever capacity, a party; or 
(b)  
providing such other Security Interest for the obligations of the Government under the Transaction 
Documents as may be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Certificateholders. 
In addition, the Government has agreed that a Government Event shall constitute a Dissolution Event for 
the purposes of the Conditions. 
Sale and Substitution Undertaking 
The Sale and Substitution Undertaking was executed on 5 July 2021 by the Trustee as a deed in favour of 
the Government and is governed by English law. 
In relation to each Series, provided that no Total Loss Event has occurred and is continuing (or if a Total 
Loss Event has occurred, the Lease Assets have been replaced pursuant to the Servicing Agency 
Agreement), the Trustee has irrevocably granted to the Government the right to require the Trustee to sell, 
transfer and/or convey all of its rights, title and interests in, to and under the relevant Lease Asset(s) to the 
Government upon the Government exercising its option thereunder and delivering an Exercise Notice to 
the Trustee in accordance with the terms of the Sale and Substitution Undertaking, on the Tax Dissolution 
Date, Optional Dissolution Date or Clean Up Call Right Dissolution Date (as the case may be) at the 
Exercise Price.  
The amount equal to any outstanding Additional Servicing Agency Expenses to be paid by the Government 
as part of any Exercise Price, in respect of which the Trustee (in its capacity as lessor) has agreed to make 
a corresponding payment of additional supplementary rental but such payment has not been made in 
accordance with the Master Lease Agreement and the Supplemental Lease Agreement and any Additional 
Servicing Agency Expenses to be paid by the Trustee (in its capacity as lessor) pursuant to the Servicing 
Agency Agreement, shall be set off against one another, and the obligation to pay that part of the Exercise 
Price shall be discharged by such set-off. 
In addition, under the terms of the Sale and Substitution Undertaking, if at any time the Government wishes 
to cancel any Trust Certificates purchased pursuant to Condition 11.1 (Purchases), the Government may, 
by exercising its option under the Sale and Substitution Undertaking and by delivering a Cancellation

--- Page 161 ---
- 147 - 
 
 
Notice to the Trustee in accordance with the terms of the Sale and Substitution Undertaking, oblige the 
Trustee to transfer all of its rights, title and interests in, to and under the Cancelled Lease Asset(s) to the 
Government in consideration for which the Trust Certificates purchased shall be cancelled subject to certain 
conditions set out in the Sale and Substitution Undertaking. Following such transfer, the Trustee shall 
forthwith surrender to the Registrar the relevant Trust Certificates identified for cancellation in the 
Cancellation Notice on the Cancellation Date. 
Furthermore, pursuant to the terms of the Sale and Substitution Undertaking, the Trustee has granted to the 
Government the right to require the Trustee to sell all of its rights, title and interests in, to and under the 
substituted Lease Asset(s) to it in exchange for the sale to the Trustee of new Lease Asset(s) subject to 
certain conditions set out in the Sale and Substitution Undertaking. 
Master Murabaha Agreement 
The Master Murabaha Agreement was entered into on 5 July 2021 between the Government (in its capacity 
as buyer, the "Buyer"), the Trustee (in its capacity as seller, the "Seller") and the Delegate and is governed 
by English law. 
Pursuant to the Master Murabaha Agreement, the Seller shall, on receipt of a purchase order from the Buyer 
in accordance with the terms of the Master Murabaha Agreement, purchase certain commodities on the 
Issue Date of the relevant Tranche. Following the purchase of the commodities by the Seller, and provided 
that the Seller has acquired title to, and actual or constructive possession thereof, the Seller shall deliver to 
the Buyer by no later than the Issue Date a letter of offer and acceptance indicating the Seller's acceptance 
of the terms of the purchase order made by the Buyer and detailing the terms of the offer for the sale of the 
commodities to the Buyer from the Seller on the Issue Date. 
Pursuant to the Master Murabaha Agreement, the Buyer may undertake to accept the terms of, countersign 
and deliver to the Seller any letter of offer and acceptance delivered to it in accordance with the Master 
Murabaha Agreement and (as a result of the Seller having acted on the request of the Buyer set out in the 
purchase order) purchase the commodities acquired by the Seller for the Deferred Sale Price in accordance 
with the terms of the Master Murabaha Agreement. 
As soon as the Buyer has countersigned the letter of offer and acceptance, a murabaha contract shall be 
created between the Seller and the Buyer upon the terms of the letter of offer and acceptance and 
incorporating the terms and conditions set out in the Master Murabaha Agreement, the Seller shall sell and 
the Buyer shall buy the commodities on the terms set out in the letter of offer and acceptance and ownership 
of and all risks in and to the relevant commodities shall immediately pass to and be vested in the Buyer, 
together with all rights and obligations relating thereto. 
The Buyer will also agree in the Master Murabaha Agreement that all payments by it under the Master 
Murabaha Agreement will be made in the Specified Currency without set-off or counterclaim of any kind 
and, free and clear of, any deduction or withholding for Taxes of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, 
withheld or assessed by or within any Relevant Jurisdiction or any authority therein or thereof having power 
to tax, unless required by law. In that event, the Buyer shall pay such additional amounts as will result in 
the receipt by the Trustee of such amounts as would have been received by it had no withholding or 
deduction had been made. 
The Buyer will ensure that its payment obligations under the Master Murabaha Agreement are and will be 
direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the negative pledge provisions described in the 
Purchase Undertaking) unsecured obligations of the Buyer and (save for such exceptions as may be 
provided by applicable legislation and subject to the negative pledge provisions described in the Purchase 
Undertaking) at all times rank at least pari passu, with all other present and future unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Buyer, from time to time outstanding, provided, further, that the Buyer 
shall have no obligation to effect equal or rateable payment(s) at any time with respect to any such other 
obligations and, in particular, shall have no obligation to pay such other obligations at the same time or as 
a condition of paying sums due under the Master Murabaha Agreement and vice versa. 
Shari'a Compliance 
Each Transaction Document to which it is a party provides that each of Sharjah Sukuk Programme Limited 
and the Government of the Emirate of Sharjah, acting through the Sharjah Finance Department agrees that

--- Page 162 ---
- 148 - 
 
 
it has accepted the Shari'a compliant nature of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party and the 
transactions contemplated therein and further agrees that:  
• 
it shall not claim that any of its obligations under the Trust Certificates and the Transaction 
Documents to which it is a party (or any provision thereof) is ultra vires, not valid, legal, binding 
or enforceable or not compliant with the principles of Shari'a, regardless of any pronouncement 
by any Shari'a Committee, authority, institution or Shari'a adviser to that effect; 
• 
it shall not take any steps or bring any proceedings in any forum to challenge the Shari'a 
compliance of the Trust Certificates or the Transaction Documents to which it is a party; and 
• 
none of its obligations under the Trust Certificates and the Transaction Documents to which it is a 
party shall in any way be diminished, abrogated, impaired, invalidated or otherwise adversely 
affected by any finding, declaration, pronouncement, order or judgment of any court, tribunal or 
other body that the Trust Certificates or the Transaction Documents to which it is a party are not 
compliant with the principles of Shari'a.

--- Page 163 ---
- 149 - 
 
 
TAXATION 
The following is a general description of certain Cayman Islands and UAE tax considerations relating to 
the Trust Certificates. It does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the 
Trust Certificates, whether in those jurisdictions or elsewhere. Prospective purchasers of Trust Certificates 
should consult their own tax advisers as to which countries' tax laws could be relevant to acquiring, holding 
and disposing of Trust Certificates and receiving payments under the Trust Certificates and the 
consequences of such actions under the tax laws of those countries. This summary is based upon the law as 
in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any change in law that may take effect after 
such date. 
Cayman Islands 
Under existing Cayman Islands laws, payments on Trust Certificates to be issued will not be subject to 
taxation in the Cayman Islands and no withholding will be required on the payments to any holder of the 
Trust Certificates, nor will gains derived from the disposal of the Trust Certificates be subject to Cayman 
Islands income or corporation tax. The Cayman Islands currently have no income, corporation or capital 
gains tax and no estate duty, inheritance or gift tax. 
Subject as set out below, no capital or stamp duties are levied in the Cayman Islands on the issue or 
redemption of Trust Certificates. However, an instrument transferring title to any Trust Certificates, if 
brought to or executed in the Cayman Islands, would be subject to Cayman Islands stamp duty. An annual 
registration fee is payable by the Trustee to the Cayman Islands Registrar of Companies which is calculated 
by reference to the nominal amount of its authorised capital. At current rates, this annual registration fee is 
U.S.$853.66. The foregoing is based on current law and practice in the Cayman Islands and this is subject 
to change therein. 
UAE Taxation 
There is currently in force in the Emirates of Sharjah legislation establishing a general corporate taxation 
regime (the Sharjah Income Tax Decree 1969 (as amended)). The regime is, however, not enforced save in 
respect of companies active in the hydrocarbon industry, some related service industries and branches of 
foreign banks operating in the UAE. It is not known whether the legislation will or will not be enforced 
more generally or within other industry sectors in the future. 
Under current legislation, there is no requirement for withholding or deduction for or on account of UAE 
or Sharjah taxation in respect of payments made by the Government and/or the Trustee under the 
Transaction Documents. If any such withholding or deduction is required to be made in respect of payments 
due by the Government under any Transaction Document to which it is party, the Trustee has undertaken 
in Condition 12 (Taxation) (failing whom, the Government) to gross-up the payments due by it accordingly. 
If any such withholding or deduction is required to be made in respect of payments due by the Trustee 
under the Trust Certificates: (i) the Trustee has undertaken to gross-up the payment(s) accordingly (subject 
to certain limited exceptions); and (ii) the Government has undertaken in the Declaration of Trust to pay 
such additional amounts to the Trustee to enable it to discharge such obligation. 
The Constitution of the UAE specifically reserves to the Federal Government of the UAE the right to raise 
taxes on a federal basis for purposes of funding its budget. It is not known whether this right will be 
exercised in the future. 
The UAE has entered into double taxation arrangements with certain other countries, but these are not 
extensive in number.

--- Page 164 ---
- 150 - 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Words and expressions defined in the Conditions shall have the same meanings in this section, 
"Subscription and Sale". 
The Dealers have, in an amended and restated dealer agreement (such dealer agreement as modified and/or 
supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the "Dealer Agreement") dated 5 July 2021, agreed with 
the Trustee and the Government a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to 
purchase Trust Certificates. In the Dealer Agreement, each of the Trustee and the Government has agreed 
to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with the issue of Trust Certificates 
under the Programme. 
United States 
The Trust Certificates have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act, and may not be 
offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain 
transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph 
have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer or sell 
any Series of Trust Certificates: (i) as part of their distribution at any time; or (ii) otherwise until 40 days 
after the later of the commencement of the offering and the Closing Date of such Series, within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and it will have sent to each dealer to which it 
sells Trust Certificates during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth 
the restrictions on offers and sales of such Series of Trust Certificates within the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by 
Regulation S. 
The Trust Certificates are being offered and sold outside of the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance 
on Regulation S. In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of a Series of Trust 
Certificates, an offer or sale of such Series of Trust Certificates within the United States by a dealer (whether 
or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such 
offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an available exemption from, or in a transaction not 
subject to, the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act. 
United Kingdom 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Trust Certificates which 
are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final 
Terms in relation thereto to the public in the UK except that it may make an offer of such Trust Certificates 
to the public in the UK: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the UK subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Trustee for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Trust Certificates referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require Trustee, the 
Government or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "an offer of Trust Certificates to the public" in relation 
to any Trust Certificates means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information 
on the terms of the offer and the Trust Certificates to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Trust Certificates and the expression "UK Prospectus Regulation" means 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA.

--- Page 165 ---
- 151 - 
 
 
Other UK Regulatory Restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Trust Certificates which have a maturity of less than one year: (i) it is a person 
whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments 
(as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will 
not offer or sell any Trust Certificates other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them 
in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the 
purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose 
of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the 
Trust Certificates would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the 
Trustee; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to 
be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning 
of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Trust 
Certificates in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Trustee or 
the Government; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Trust Certificates in, from or otherwise involving the United 
Kingdom. 
European Economic Area 
In relation to each Member State of the EEA (each a "Member State"), each Dealer has represented and 
agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and 
agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Trust Certificates which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the 
public in that Member State, except that it may, make an offer of such Trust Certificates to the public in 
that Member State: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
the Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer(s) 
nominated by the Trustee and the Government for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Trust Certificates referred to above shall require the Trustee, the 
Government or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or 
supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.  
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Trust Certificates to the public" in relation to 
any Trust Certificates in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Trust Certificates to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Trust Certificates and the expression "Prospectus 
Regulation" for the purposes of this paragraph means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
Kingdom of Bahrain 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold, and will not offer or sell, any Trust 
Certificates: except on a private placement basis, to persons in the Kingdom of Bahrain who are "accredited 
investors". 
For this purpose, an "accredited investor" means: 
(a) 
an individual holding financial assets (either singly or jointly with a spouse) of U.S.$1,000,000 or 
more (excluding that person's principal place of residence);

--- Page 166 ---
- 152 - 
 
 
(b) 
a company, partnership, trust or other commercial undertaking which has financial assets available 
for investment of not less than U.S.$1,000,000; or 
(c) 
a government, supranational organisation, central bank or other national monetary authority or a 
state organisation whose main activity is to invest in financial instruments (such as a state pension 
fund). 
Sultanate of Oman 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
this Base Prospectus has not been filed with or registered as a prospectus with the Capital Market 
Authority of Oman pursuant to Article 3 of the Capital Market Authority Law SD 80/98 (Article 
3), will not be offered or sold as an offer of securities in Oman as contemplated by the Commercial 
Companies Law) or Article 3, nor does it constitute a sukuk offering pursuant to the Sukuk 
Regulation issued by the Capital Market Authority of Oman (CMA Decision 3/2016); and 
(b) 
the Trust Certificates have not been and will not be offered, sold or delivered, and no invitation to 
subscribe for or to purchase the Trust Certificates has been or will be made, directly or indirectly, 
nor may any document or other material in connection therewith be distributed in Oman to any 
person in Oman other than by an entity duly licensed by the Capital Market Authority of Oman to 
market non-Omani securities in Oman and then only in accordance with all applicable laws and 
regulations, including Article 139 of the Executive Regulations of the Capital Markets Law 
(Decision No. 1/2009, as amended). 
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia 
No action has been or will be taken in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia that would permit a public offering of 
the Trust Certificates. Any investor in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia or who is a Saudi person (a "Saudi 
Investor") who acquires any Trust Certificates pursuant to an offering should note that the offer of Trust 
Certificates is a private placement under the "Rules on the Offer of Securities and Continuing Obligations" 
as issued by the Board of the Capital Market Authority resolution number 3-123-2017 dated 27 December 
2017, as amended (the "KSA Regulations"), made through a person authorised by the Capital Market 
Authority ("CMA") to carry on the securities activity of arranging and following a notification to the CMA 
and in each case, in accordance with the KSA Regulations. 
The Trust Certificates may thus not be advertised, offered or sold to any person in the Kingdom of Saudi 
Arabia other than to "sophisticated investors" under Article 9 of the KSA Regulations or by way of a limited 
offer under Article 10, or as otherwise required by, the KSA Regulations. Each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that any offer of Trust Certificates to a Saudi Investor will be made in compliance with the KSA 
Regulations. 
Each offer of Trust Certificates shall not therefore constitute a "public offer", an "exempt offer" or a 
"parallel market offer" pursuant to the KSA Regulations, but is subject to the restrictions on secondary 
market activity under the KSA Regulations. Any Saudi Investor who has acquired Trust Certificates 
pursuant to a private placement under Article 9 or Article 10 of the KSA Regulations may not offer or sell 
those Trust Certificates to any person unless the offer or sale is made in compliance with the restrictions on 
secondary market activity under the KSA Regulations. 
State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre) 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, delivered or sold, and will not offer, sell or deliver 
at any time, directly or indirectly, any Trust Certificates in the State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial 
Centre), except: (i) in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations of the State of Qatar (including 
the Qatar Financial Centre); and (ii) through persons or corporate entities authorised and licensed to provide 
investment advice and/or engage in brokerage activity and/or trade in respect of foreign securities in the 
State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre). This Base Prospectus (i) has not been, and will not 
be, registered with or approved by the Qatar Financial Markets Authority, the Qatar Central Bank, the Qatar 
Stock Exchange or the Qatar Financial Centre Regulatory Authority and may not be publicly distributed in

--- Page 167 ---
- 153 - 
 
 
the State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre); (ii) is intended for the original recipient only and 
must not be provided to any other person; and (iii) is not for general circulation in the State of Qatar 
(including the Qatar Financial Centre) and may not be reproduced or used for any other purpose. 
Cayman Islands 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that no invitation, whether directly or indirectly, has been or will be made 
to the public in the Cayman Islands to subscribe for any Trust Certificates issued under the Programme and 
this Base Prospectus shall not be construed as an invitation to any member of the public of the Cayman 
Islands to subscribe for any Trust Certificates. 
UAE (excluding the Dubai International Financial Centre) 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that the Trust Certificates have not been and will not be offered, sold or 
publicly promoted or advertised by it in the UAE other than in compliance with any laws applicable in the 
UAE governing the issue, offering or sale of securities. 
Dubai International Financial Centre 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered and will not offer the Trust Certificates to any person 
in the DIFC unless such offer is: 
(a) 
an "Exempt Offer" in accordance with the Markets Rules (MKT) Module of the DFSA Rulebook; 
and 
(b) 
made only to persons who meet the Professional Client criteria set out in Rule 2.3.3 of the DFSA 
Conduct of Business Module of the DFSA Rulebook. 
State of Kuwait 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that the Trust Certificates to be issued have not been and will not be offered, 
sold, promoted or advertised by it in the State of Kuwait other than in compliance with Decree Law No. 31 
of 1990 and the implementing regulations thereto, as amended, and Law No. 7 of 2010 and the bylaws 
thereto, as amended governing the issue, offering and sale of securities. 
No private or public offering of the Trust Certificates is being made in the State of Kuwait, and no 
agreement relating to the sale of the Trust Certificates will be concluded in the State of Kuwait. No 
marketing or solicitation or inducement activities are being used to offer or market the Trust Certificates in 
the State of Kuwait. 
Hong Kong 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any 
Trust Certificates (except for Trust Certificates which are a "structured product" as defined in the 
Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap.571) of Hong Kong (the "SFO")) other than: (i) to 
"professional investors" as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO; or (ii) in other 
circumstances which do not result in the document being a "prospectus" as defined in the 
Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the 
"C(WUMP)O") or which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the 
C(WUMP)O; and 
(b) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, in each case whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any 
advertisement, invitation or document relating to the Trust Certificates, which is directed at, or the 
contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public in Hong Kong (except if permitted 
to do so under the laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to the Trust Certificates which are

--- Page 168 ---
- 154 - 
 
 
or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to "professional 
investors" as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary 
Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold any 
Trust Certificates or caused the Trust Certificates to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription 
or purchase and will not offer or sell any Trust Certificates or cause the Trust Certificates to be made the 
subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it 
circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus and any other document or material in connection with the offer 
or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Trust Certificates, whether directly or indirectly, 
to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the 
Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore), as modified or amended from time to time (the 
"SFA")) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the 
SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in 
accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in 
accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Trust Certificates are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person 
which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or 
more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be 
transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Trust Certificates pursuant 
to an offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(1) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred 
to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
(2) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(3) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(4) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(5) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities 
and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
Malaysia 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Securities Commission of 
Malaysia (the "SC") under the Capital Markets and Services Act 2007 of Malaysia (the "CSMA"); 
and 
(b) 
accordingly, the Trust Certificates have not been and will not be offered or sold, and no invitation 
to subscribe for or purchase the Trust Certificates has been or will be made, directly or indirectly, 
nor may any document or other material in connection therewith be distributed in Malaysia, other 
than to persons falling within any one of the categories of persons specified under Part 1 of 
Schedule 6 (or Section 229(1)(b)) and Part 1 of Schedule 7 (or Section 230(1)(b)) and Schedule 8 
or Section 257(3), read together with Schedule 9 (or Section 257(3)) of the CSMA, subject to any

--- Page 169 ---
- 155 - 
 
 
law, order, regulation or official directive of the Central Bank of Malaysia, the SC and/or any other 
regulatory authority from time to time. 
Residents of Malaysia may be required to obtain relevant regulatory approvals, including approval from 
the Central Bank of Malaysia to purchase the Trust Certificates. The onus is on the Malaysian residents 
concerned to obtain such regulatory approvals and none of the Dealers shall be responsible for any 
invitation, offer, sale or purchase of Trust Certificates as aforesaid without the necessary approvals being 
in place. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all 
applicable securities laws, regulations and directives in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, 
offers, sells or delivers Trust Certificates or possesses or distributes this Base Prospectus, any other offering 
material or any Final Terms and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the 
purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Trust Certificates under the laws and regulations in force in any 
jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and none 
of the Trustee, the Government and any other Dealer shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Trustee, the Government or any of the Dealers: (i) makes any representation that any action 
has been or will be taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering of any Trust Certificates, 
or possession or distribution of this Base Prospectus, any other offering, material or any Final Terms, in 
any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required; or (ii) represents that Trust Certificates 
may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in 
any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for 
facilitating any such sale. 
With regard to each Tranche, the relevant Dealer(s) will be required to comply with any additional 
restrictions agreed between the Trustee, the Government and the relevant Dealer(s) and set out in the 
relevant dealer accession letter or subscription agreement, as the case may be. Any such modification will 
be set out in the Final Terms issued in respect of the issue of Trust Certificates to which it relates or in a 
supplement to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 170 ---
- 156 - 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The update of the Programme and the entry of the Trustee into the transaction contemplated by the 
Transaction Documents and the execution thereof has been duly authorised by a resolution of the Board of 
Directors of the Trustee dated 4 July 2021. The issuance of the Trust Certificates and the entry by the 
Government into the Transaction Documents to which it is a party was duly authorised by Emiri Decree 
No, 57 of 2014 of the Ruler's Court of the Government issued on 19 August 2014. 
The Trustee and the Government have each obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations 
in connection with the establishment of the Programme and will obtain all necessary consents, approvals 
and authorisations in connection with the issue of any Trust Certificates thereunder and the execution and 
performance of the Transaction Documents to which they are a party. 
Listing of Trust Certificates 
It is expected that each Tranche of Trust Certificates which is to be admitted to the Official List and to 
trading on Euronext Dublin's regulated market will be admitted separately as and when issued, subject only 
to the issue of a Global Trust Certificate initially representing the Trust Certificates of such Tranche. 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Trust Certificates issued under the Programme to be 
admitted to the Official List and to trading on its regulated market. The approval of the Programme in 
respect of Trust Certificates is expected to be granted on or about 5 July 2021. Prior to the official listing 
and admission to trading, however, dealings will be permitted.  
Application has also been made to the DFSA for the Trust Certificates to be admitted to the DFSA Official 
List and to be admitted to trading on Nasdaq Dubai. The Trust Certificates are expected to be admitted to 
the DFSA Official List and admitted to trading on Nasdaq Dubai on or about 5 July 2021. 
The Programme provides that Trust Certificates may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, 
on such other or further stock exchanges or markets as may be agreed between the Trustee, the Government 
and the relevant Dealer(s). Unlisted Trust Certificates may also be issued pursuant to the Programme. 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as Irish listing agent for the Government 
and the Trustee in connection with the Trust Certificates and is not itself seeking admission of the Trust 
Certificates to the Official List or to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin for the purposes 
of the Prospectus Regulation.' 
No Significant Change 
Save as disclosed in "Risk Factors – Risk factors relating to Sharjah and the UAE - Risk Factors – Risks 
relating to the ongoing coronavirus COVID-19", there has been no significant change in the financial 
performance or financial position of the Government and there has been no significant change in tax and 
budgetary systems, foreign exchange reserves, gross public debt and income and expenditure figures, in 
each case, since 31 December 2020. 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of the Trustee and 
no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of the Trustee, in each case, since the date 
of its incorporation. 
Litigation 
Neither the Government nor the Trustee is or has been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Government or 
the Trustee is aware) during the 12 months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus which may have or 
has had in the recent past significant effects on the financial position of the Government and/or the financial 
position or profitability of the Trustee. 
Language of this Base Prospectus 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have 
been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them 
under applicable law.

--- Page 171 ---
- 157 - 
 
 
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents 
will, when published, be made available in electronic form for inspection on the website of Euronext Dublin 
at https://www.ise.ie/Market-Data-Announcements/Debt/Individual-Debt-Instrument-Data/Dept-Security-
Documents/?progID=1020&uID=9327&FIELDSORT=docId: 
(a) 
copies of the constitutional documents of the Trustee; and 
(b) 
the Master Declaration of Trust and each relevant Supplemental Declaration of Trust in relation to 
Trust Certificates which are listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on the regulated 
market of Euronext Dublin. 
The applicable Final Terms for Trust Certificates that are listed on the: (i) Official List and admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin; and (ii) DFSA Official List and admitted to trading on 
Nasdaq 
Dubai 
will 
be 
published 
on 
the 
website 
of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin 
and 
the 
website 
of 
Nasdaq 
Dubai 
at 
http://www.nasdaqdubai.com.  
Clearing Systems 
The Trust Certificates have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
(which are the entities in charge of keeping the records). The appropriate common code, International 
Securities Identification Number (ISIN), Financial Instrument Short Name (FISN) and/or Classification of 
Financial Instruments (CFI) code (as applicable) for each Tranche of Trust Certificates may be specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. If the Trust Certificates are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing 
system, the appropriate information may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. The address of 
Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels and the address of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. 
Trustee's Legal Entity Identifier 
The Trustee's Legal Entity Identifier ("LEI") code is 549300N3BQ9P6RRMVV02. 
Third-Party Information 
Where information in this Base Prospectus has been sourced from third parties, this information has been 
accurately reproduced and, as far as the Trustee or the Government is aware and is able to ascertain from 
the information published by such third parties, no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. The source of third party information is identified where 
used. 
Dealer not acting for any prospective or actual holders of Trust Certificates 
Each of the Arrangers is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority (the "PRA") and regulated by 
the PRA and the Financial Conduct Authority in the United Kingdom. None of the Dealers or the Arrangers 
is acting for any actual or prospective holders of Trust Certificates, and are neither advising nor treating as 
a client any other person and will not be responsible to any actual or prospective holders of Trust 
Certificates and will not be responsible to anyone other than the Trustee for providing the protections 
afforded to its clients nor for providing the services in relation to the offering described in this Base 
Prospectus and / or the relevant Final Terms or any transaction or arrangement referred to herein or therein. 
None of the Dealers, the Arrangers nor any of their respective affiliates has authorised the content of, or 
any part of, this Base Prospectus and/or the relevant Final Terms. 
Dealers transacting with the Government 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in various financial 
advisory, investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, 
the Government of the Emirate of Sharjah and/or the Sharjah Finance Department and/or their affiliates 
(including any other public sector instrumentality, as defined in the Conditions) in the ordinary course of 
business for which they have received, and for which they may in the future receive, fees and expenses. In 
particular, certain of the Dealers are lenders to the Government of the Emirate of Sharjah (and/or the Sharjah 
Finance Department and/or their affiliates (including any other public sector instrumentality)) and proceeds

--- Page 172 ---
- 158 - 
 
 
from the issue of the Trust Certificates may be used to repay such outstanding loan facilities. In connection 
with any offering under the Programme the Dealers may purchase and sell Trust Certificates in the open 
market. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or 
hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative 
securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of 
their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the 
Government of the Emirate of Sharjah and/or the Sharjah Finance Department and/or their respective 
affiliates (including any other public sector instrumentality). Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that 
have a lending relationship with the Government of the Emirate of Sharjah and/or the Sharjah Finance 
Department and/or their respective affiliates (including any other public sector instrumentality) routinely 
hedge their credit exposure to the Government of the Emirate of Sharjah and/or the Sharjah Finance 
Department and/or their respective affiliates (including any other public sector instrumentality) consistent 
with their customary risk management policies. 
Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which 
consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including 
potentially the Trust Certificates. Any such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of 
the Trust Certificates issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make 
investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such 
securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or 
short positions in such securities and instruments. 
Cayman Islands Data Protection 
The Cayman Islands Government enacted the Data Protection Act, 2017 of the Cayman Islands (the "DPA") 
on 18 May 2017 which was brought into force on 30 September 2019. The DPA introduces legal 
requirements for the Trustee based on internationally accepted principles of data privacy.  
Prospective investors should note that, by virtue of making investments in the Trust Certificates and the 
associated interactions with the Trustee and its affiliates and/or delegates, or by virtue of providing the 
Trustee with personal information on individuals connected with the investor (for example directors, 
trustees, employees, representatives, shareholders, investors, clients, beneficial owners or agents) such 
individuals may be providing the Trustee and its affiliates and/or delegates with certain personal 
information which constitutes personal data within the meaning of the DPA. The Trustee shall act as a data 
controller in respect of this personal data and its affiliates and/or delegates may act as data processors (or 
data controllers in their own right in some circumstances). 
For further information on the application of the DPA to the Trustee, please refer to the Privacy Notice (a 
copy of which may be requested from the Trustee by email at dmo@sfd.gov.ae), which provides an outline 
of investors' data protection rights and obligations as they relate to the investment in the Trust Certificates. 
Oversight of the DPA is the responsibility of the Ombudsman's office of the Cayman Islands. Breach of the 
DPA by the Trustee could lead to enforcement action by the Ombudsman, including the imposition of 
remediation orders, monetary penalties or referral for criminal prosecution. 
Validity of this Base Prospectus 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Trustee shall have no obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus after 
the end of its 12-month validity period. 
Obligor's Website 
 
The Obligor's website is https://www.sfd.gov.ae/. Unless specifically incorporated by reference into this 
Base Prospectus (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference"), the information contained on this website 
is not incorporated by reference into, or otherwise included in, this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 173 ---
THE TRUSTEE 
Sharjah Sukuk Programme Limited 
c/o Maples Corporate Services Limited 
P.O. Box 309 
Ugland House 
Grand Cayman KY1-1104 
Cayman Islands 
THE GOVERNMENT 
The Government of the Emirate of Sharjah acting through Sharjah Finance Department 
Al Layyeh Suburb 
P.O. Box 201 
Sharjah 
United Arab Emirates 
PRINCIPAL PAYING 
AGENT AND TRANSFER 
AGENT  
DELEGATE 
REGISTRAR AND 
TRANSFER AGENT 
Deutsche Bank AG, London 
Branch 
Winchester House 
One Great Winchester Street 
London EC2N 2DB 
United Kingdom 
Deutsche Trustee Company 
Limited 
Winchester House 
One Great Winchester Street 
London EC2N 2DB 
United Kingdom 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg 
S.A. 
2 Boulevard Konrad Adenauer 
L-1115 
Luxembourg 
 
ARRANGERS 
 
HSBC Bank plc 
8 Canada Square 
London E14 5HQ 
United Kingdom 
Standard Chartered Bank 
7th Floor Building One, Gate Precinct  
Dubai International Financial Centre 
PO Box 999 
Dubai 
United Arab Emirates 
DEALERS 
Abu Dhabi Islamic 
Bank P.J.S.C. 
Al Sultan Tower 
Najda Street  
PO Box 313 Abu 
Dhabi 
United Arab Emirates  
 
Dubai Islamic Bank 
P.J.S.C. 
PO Box 1080 
Dubai 
United Arab Emirates 
HSBC Bank plc 
8 Canada Square 
London E14 5HQ 
United Kingdom 
Sharjah Islamic Bank 
P.J.S.C. 
SIB Tower 
PO Box 4 
Al Khan, Sharjah 
United Arab Emirates 
 
Standard Chartered Bank 
7th Floor Building One, Gate Precinct  
Dubai International Financial Centre 
PO Box 999 
Dubai 
United Arab Emirates

--- Page 174 ---
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE GOVERNMENT AND THE TRUSTEE 
As to Emirate of Sharjah, UAE and English law 
As to Cayman Islands law 
Clifford Chance LLP 
Level 15, Burj Daman 
Dubai International Financial Centre 
P.O. Box 9380 
Dubai 
United Arab Emirates 
Maples and Calder (Dubai) LLP 
Level 14, Burj Daman 
Dubai International Finance Centre 
P.O. Box 119980 
Dubai 
United Arab Emirates 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE DEALERS 
As to Emirate of Sharjah, UAE and English law 
Allen & Overy LLP 
11th Floor 
Burj Daman Building 
Al Mustaqbal Street 
Dubai International Financial Centre 
P.O. Box 506678 
Dubai 
United Arab Emirates 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE DELEGATE 
As to English law 
Allen & Overy LLP  
11th Floor 
Burj Daman Building 
Al Mustaqbal Street 
Dubai International Financial Centre 
P.O. Box 506678 
Dubai 
United Arab Emirates 
IRISH LISTING AGENT 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
Ireland