--- Page 2 ---
1 
 
Dated 10.06.2022 
 
SIA Mintos Finance No.27  
(incorporated as a limited liability company and registered in the Republic of Latvia with registration 
number 40203396269 and LEI: 98450096A9A6AENC4C09) 
 
EUR 450 000 000 Note Programme  
Under this Programme, the Issuer may from time-to-time issue Notes denominated in any currency as 
determined by the Issuer. The Notes will be distributed by way of a public offer. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of the Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of the Notes, 
the issue price of the Notes and any other terms and conditions applicable to the Notes and not 
contained in this Base Prospectus will be set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
Notes will be issued in registered form. The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time 
to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed EUR 450 000 000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies). 
Any payment under the Notes is dependent on, and limited to, a pool of certain Loans. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the FCMC, as competent authority 
under the Prospectus Regulation. The FCMC has only approved this Base Prospectus as meeting the 
standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. 
This approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the Notes that 
are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the 
appropriateness and suitability of investing in the Notes.  
The public offer of the Notes is made only in Latvia under this Base Prospectus.  
During the validity period of this Base Prospectus the Issuer plans to request that the FCMC provides 
competent authorities under the Prospectus Regulation in Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Croatia, Republic 
of Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Iceland, 
Ireland, Italy, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, 
Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain and Sweden with a certificate of approval attesting that this Base 
Prospectus has been drawn up following the Prospectus Regulation. When such a certificate shall be 
obtained it will be permitted to make the public offer under this Base Prospectus in other Member States, 
and the Issuer shall ensure that Mintos provides information about it on the Platform. Such certificate, 
if and when received, should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the 
Notes. 
This Base Prospectus will be valid for a period of up to 12 months after its approval by the FCMC. In 
the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to information included 
in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, the Issuer will 
prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection 
with any subsequent issue of Notes. The obligation to prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus 
or publish a new Base Prospectus in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or 
inaccuracy will cease to apply upon the expiry of the validity period of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 3 ---
2 
 
The principal risk factors that may affect the abilities of the Issuer to fulfil its obligations under 
the Notes are discussed in the section entitled ‘2. RISK FACTORS’ of this Base Prospectus. 
Capitalised terms used in this Base Prospectus have the meaning given to them in the section 
entitled ‘GLOSSARY’ of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 4 ---
3 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 
GLOSSARY 
4 
1. 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
7 
2. 
RISK FACTORS 
9 
3. 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
25 
4. 
TRANSACTION OVERVIEW 
29 
5. 
THE ISSUER 
44 
6. 
MINTOS 
46 
7. 
THE SPV (LENDER) 
48 
8. 
THE LENDING COMPANY 
50 
9. 
THE LOANS 
56 
10. 
THE BORROWERS’ LOANS 
57 
11. 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
60 
12. 
TAXATION 
80 
13. 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
82

--- Page 5 ---
4 
 
GLOSSARY 
API 
application programming interface to exchange and transmit information and 
data in a structured form between the Issuer, the Lending Company and Mintos. 
Backup Servicer 
the legal entity (if any) engaged by the Issuer to service and administer the 
Loans. 
Base Prospectus 
this base prospectus. 
Borrower  
the debtor or debtors of a Borrower’s Loan. 
Borrower’s Loan 
the principal amount outstanding under a Borrower’s Loan Agreement. 
Borrower’s Loan 
Agreement 
each consumer loan agreement between the Lending Company as the lender 
and a Borrower as specified in applicable SPV Loan Agreement and Final 
Terms, 
Buyback 
Obligation 
has the meaning set out in the section entitled ‘4. TRANSACTION OVERVIEW 
– THE DESCRIPTION OF THE TRANSACTIONS IN RELATION TO THE 
NOTES – The Buyback Obligation’ of this Base Prospectus. 
Cooperation 
Agreement 
the cooperation agreement between the Issuer, the Lending Company, SPV and 
Mintos in relation to the Notes. 
Cooperation 
Agreement on 
Issuance of 
Loans (also 
referred to as the 
“Credit Line 
Agreement”) 
the credit line agreement between the Lending Company as a borrower and 
SPV as a lender whereby the said parties agree on how SPV Loan Agreements 
are concluded, and on the terms and conditions of disbursement and repayment 
of the Loans issued to the Lending Company thereunder.  
IDF 
Eurasia 
Group 
the Lending company, “MFO OnlineKazFinance” LLP, FintechFinance MFO 
LLP, IDF HOLDING LIMITED, and IDF Eurasia Limited.  
FCMC 
the Financial and Capital Market Commission, as competent authority in the 
Republic of Latvia under the Prospectus Regulation. 
Final Terms 
any duly completed final terms in the form set out in section 13 of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Investment 
Accounts  
the separate accounts at Mintos of the Investor.

--- Page 6 ---
5 
 
Investor 
a person registered and accepted on the Platform as an investor. 
Issuer 
SIA Mintos Finance No.27, a limited liability company existing under the laws of 
the Republic of Latvia, registration number 40203396269, having its registered 
address at Skanstes street 52, Riga, LV-1013, Latvia a special purpose entity 
whose principal purpose is the issue of Notes and other financial instruments 
with respect to loans issued by lending companies affiliated to the Lending 
Company. 
Issuer’s Account 
the cash funds account of the Issuer opened with Mintos which is used solely 
for settling payments with the Lending Company, the Backup Servicer (if any) 
and the Investors. 
Lending 
Company 
Limited Liability Partnership "Microfinance Organization OnlineKazFinance", a 
limited liability partnership established on 01.08.2016, existing under the laws 
of the Republic of Kazakhstan, the registration number 160840000397, having 
its registered address at Seifullin Avenue 502, 9th floor, Almaty, 050012, 
Kazakhstan. 
Loan  
the principal amount outstanding under the SPV Loan Agreement. 
Loan 
Receivables 
the receivables under the SPV Loan Agreement relating to the Loan that are 
assigned and to the extent that they are assigned to the Issuer under the 
Purchase Agreement. 
Mintos 
AS Mintos Marketplace, a joint stock company registered in the Commercial 
Register of the Register of Enterprises of the Republic of Latvia under unified 
registration number 40103903643 on 1 June 2015, having registered address 
50 Skanstes Street, Riga, LV-1013, Latvia, an investment firm authorised by the 
FCMC, which provides investment and related services to Investors through the 
Platform. 
Mintos Group 
AS Mintos Holdings, a joint stock company registered in the Commercial 
Register of the Register of Enterprises of the Republic of Latvia under unified 
registration number 40103902690 on 27 May 2015, and any of its subsidiaries. 
Notes 
the notes issued or to be issued under this Programme. 
Noteholder 
the holder for the time being of any Note. 
Platform 
sites created and serviced by Mintos, merged under the domain name 
www.mintos.com and software application to access it from a smartphone. 
Pledge 
Agreement 
the pledge agreement entered by and between the Lending Company as 
pledgor and the SPV as pledgee to secure obligations of the Lending Company 
arising out of the Cooperation Agreement on Issuance of Loans.

--- Page 7 ---
6 
 
Purchase 
Agreement 
part of the Cooperation Agreement relating to the purchase by the Issuer and 
sale by the SPV of the Loans.  
Prospectus 
Regulation 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to 
the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing Directive 
2003/71/EC and includes any commission delegated regulation under the 
Prospectus Regulation. 
Programme 
this EUR 450 000 000 Note Programme. 
Repurchase 
has the meanings set out in the section entitled ‘4. TRANSACTION OVERVIEW 
– THE DESCRIPTION OF THE TRANSACTIONS IN RELATION TO THE 
NOTES – Exercising of Repurchase’ of this Base Prospectus. 
Securities Act 
the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
Series 
a series of Notes. 
SPV Loan 
Agreement 
each loan agreement concluded in line with the Cooperation Agreement on 
Issuance of Loans between the Lending Company as a borrower and the SPV 
as a lender as specified in the applicable Final Terms. In the Cooperation 
Agreement on Issuance of Loans the SPV Loan Agreement is defined as the 
“Disbursement Agreement”. 
SPV or Lender 
SIA Mintos Finance, a limited liability company existing under the laws of the 
Republic of Latvia, unified registration number 40203022549, having its 
registered address at Skanstes iela 50, Riga, LV-1013, Latvia. 
Subordination 
Agreement 
an inter-creditor agreement between Mintos and the Issuer, liabilities of the 
Lending Company towards which under the Cooperation Agreement and 
Cooperation Agreement on Issuance of Loans are the senior liabilities, and 
certain entities as the creditors which certain liabilities of the Lending Company 
towards themare junior liabilities, and whereunder the junior liabilities are 
subordinated to the senior liabilities on the terms and conditions agreed by the 
parties to the Subordination Agreement. 
Transaction 
Documents 
the Cooperation Agreement, the Cooperation Agreement on Issuance of Loans, 
SPV Loan Agreements, the Transfer Documents, the Subordination Agreement 
and the Pledge Agreement. 
Transfer 
Document 
the document generated by Mintos evidencing the transfer of Loan Receivables 
from the SPV to the Issuer in accordance with the Purchase Agreement.

--- Page 8 ---
7 
 
1. 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION 
o 
What is Mintos? 
Mintos established an online platform for investing in loans in 2015. Through the Platform, owned and 
operated by Mintos, Mintos provides investors with convenient means to invest in loans issued by 
various lending companies around the world. In May 2022 on the Platform investments in loans were 
started being offered via financial instruments called notes. 
At the end of May 2022, Mintos has over 480,000 registered users, and Mintos is working with more 
than 64 lending companies from 31 countries, offering investment opportunities in 6 currencies.  
Since Mintos was founded, investors through the Platform have invested more than EUR8 billion. 
Mintos is authorized as an investment firm by the FCMC. See the section entitled ‘6. Mintos’ of this 
Base Prospectus for more information. 
o 
What are Notes?  
Notes are financial instruments issued by the Issuer via Mintos to Investors, which allows Investors to 
invest in Loans issued by the SPV to the Lending Company, which such Loans are linked to Borrowers’ 
Loans issued by the Lending Company to the Borrowers.  
The Issuer is a special purpose legal entity established for the purpose of: 
● 
purchasing Loan Receivables from the SPV; 
● 
pooling those Loan Receivables for a particular Series of Notes; and 
● 
issuing those Notes to Investors via Mintos. 
The Issuer may issue financial instruments (notes) in cooperation with lending companies which are 
Affiliates of the Lending Company. 
See the sections entitled ‘5. THE ISSUER’ and ‘8. THE LENDING COMPANY’ of this Base Prospectus 
for more information. 
o 
The flow of funds for repayment 
Each time a Borrower makes repayments to the Lending Company, the Lending Company makes 
repayments to the SPV and, upon receipt of repayments from the Lending Company, the SPV transfers 
the funds to the Issuer, which in turn makes repayments under the relevant Series of Notes to the 
relevant Investor via Mintos. The repayments are received into the relevant Investment Account.  
 
This means that if the Borrower makes:

--- Page 9 ---
8 
 
● 
the repayments to the Lending Company later than scheduled, the repayments to the Investor 
will also be correspondingly delayed; and 
● 
no repayments at all and the Lending Company is not able to recover anything from the 
Borrower or repay the Loan from other means, no repayments will be received by the Investor.  
Because the Loan is a loan that is issued to the Lending Company and not to the Borrower, the Lending 
Company is obliged to repay the Loan and pay interest and other ancillary payments with respect to it 
by the maturity date set forth in the Final Terms for the respective Loan or as extended according to 
this Base Prospectus and Final Terms, if extended, irrespective of the Borrower having or not having 
made payment under the Borrower’s Loan Agreement. 
The Lending Company provides a Buyback Obligation for Loan Receivables, which means that if any 
repayment by the Borrower is delayed by more than 60 days, the Lending Company is obliged to 
repurchase the Loan Receivables together with any interest from the Issuer or to repay the Loan 
together with any interest to the SPV in full and then the SPV would transfer the received payments to 
the Issuer. In this situation, the Investor is exposed to the credit risk of the Lending Company. See 
section entitled ‘2. RISK FACTORS – RISKS SPECIFIC TO LOAN SERVICING – Insolvency of the 
Lending Company’.  
o 
The flow of funds for investment 
The Lending Company issues Loans to Borrowers, then requests disbursement of a loan from the SPV 
in an amount that is no more than 90% of the principal amount of each Borrower’s Loan, and then the 
SPV sells the relevant Loan Receivables to the Issuer. The Issuer issues a Series of Notes 
corresponding to these Loan Receivables to Investors via Mintos. When an Investor purchases any 
Note of the Series, the Investment Accounts are credited with the Note and debited with the purchase 
price of the Note. The purchase price is transferred to the SPV. After receipt of the purchase price the 
SPV makes the disbursement of the Loan to the Lending Company.

--- Page 10 ---
9 
 
2. 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the factors listed in this section of the Base Prospectus may affect its ability to 
fulfil its obligations under the Notes. All of these risk factors and events are contingencies which may 
or may not occur and the Issuer is not in a position to express a view on the likelihood of any such 
contingency occurring. In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market 
risks associated with the Notes are also described below.  
Although the most material risk factors have been presented first within each category, the order in 
which the remaining risks are presented is not necessarily an indication of the likelihood of the risks 
actually materialising, the potential significance of the risks or the scope of any potential negative impact 
to the Issuer's, the SPV’s or the Lending Company’s business, financial condition, results of operations 
and prospects. The Issuer, SPV and/or the Lending Company may face a number of these risks 
described below simultaneously. While the risk factors below have been divided into categories, some 
risk factors could belong in more than one category and prospective investors should carefully consider 
all of the risk factors set out in this section.  
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the material risks inherent to investing 
in the Notes, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection 
with any Notes or the inability of the SPV to pay any amounts to the Issuer and/or the inability of the 
Lending Company to pay any amounts to the SPV may occur for other reasons and the statements 
below regarding the risks of investing in any Notes are not exhaustive. Other risks, events, facts or 
circumstances not included in this Base Prospectus, not presently known to the Issuer, or that the Issuer 
at the date of this Base Prospectus deems to be immaterial could, individually or cumulatively, prove to 
be important and may have a significant negative impact on the Issuer's, SPV’s or the Lending 
Company’s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Prospective investors 
should carefully review the entire Base Prospectus and should form their own views before making an 
investment decision with respect to the Notes.  
Before making an investment decision with respect to any Notes, prospective investors should consult 
their own lawyer, accountant or other financial, legal and tax advisers and carefully review the risks 
entailed by an investment in the Notes and consider such an investment decision in the light of the 
prospective investor's personal circumstances.  
o 
RISKS SPECIFIC TO THE UNDERLYING LOANS 
1. 
The Borrowers may not make payments according to the agreed schedule or may default 
on their obligations altogether 
The Notes are linked to the pool of underlying Loan Receivables, and the Loan Receivables 
are each linked to one Borrower’s Loan which means that if any of the Borrowers of the linked 
Borrowers’ Loans do not make a payment on time, given that the Borrower’s Loan is the source 
of making payments by the Lending Company to the SPV under the SPV Loan Agreement, 
then the Noteholder has a risk not to receive a payment on time. For example, if a Borrower 
makes a repayment a week later than the agreed schedule, the Noteholder will also receive the 
repayment a week later. 
The SPV may decide to offer additional compensation to the Noteholder in the form of interest 
income on delayed payments or penalty income that it receives from the Lending Company for 
its delay of making payments. A Borrower’s Loan Agreement with the Borrower may contain a 
grace period, which is a period immediately after a scheduled payment date during which a late

--- Page 11 ---
10 
 
fee is waived provided that the obligation is satisfied during the grace period. If there is such a 
grace period for the Borrower’s Loan, it will be applied in the same manner to the respective 
Loan. Interest income on delayed payments and penalty income would not be paid to the 
Noteholder for the grace period. 
The Loan Receivables come with the feature of Buyback Obligation which means that the 
Lending Company is obligated to repurchase the Loan Receivables if the Borrower has failed 
to pay more than 60 days after the scheduled repayment date. While this feature could reduce 
the potential loss for the Noteholder due to the Borrower failing to make repayments, the 
Buyback Obligation is only as strong as the company providing this obligation. If the Lending 
Company fails to honour its obligation, the Noteholder is still exposed to the risk of the 
underlying Borrower not making repayments. 
While the probability of any Borrower missing repayments or defaulting depends on many 
factors, such as payment amount, the income of the Borrower, and repayment term, it is 
important to point out that these probabilities are never zero. Due to this, the Notes are only 
suitable investments for Investors who have the appropriate knowledge and experience and 
are in a financial situation that allows them to lose part or even all of the money invested in 
Notes. 
Overall, a Borrower not making repayments in full, or defaulting could be caused by a variety 
of factors, including, but not limited to: 
● 
The Borrower overestimates its ability to repay - each Borrower should evaluate its 
current and future financial position itself and assess its ability to repay. For various 
reasons, the Borrower could overestimate its future cash flows and borrow more than 
it will be able to repay. 
● 
Limitations of initial risk scoring - the Lending Company has developed its own 
method for scoring customer credit risk that relies on various information, which can be 
collected also from other parties than the Lending Company (e.g., credit rating 
agencies). There is a risk that the information could be wrong or outdated, or that the 
scoring method is not sufficient. 
● 
Unexpected events - reasons why the Borrower could miss a repayment, include loss 
of employment, a delay in receiving expected income, unexpected costs, or even 
disability or death. 
● 
Macroeconomic factors - the credit risk scoring of the Lending Company makes 
assumptions about the client’s ability to repay during normal economic conditions. A 
sudden change in macroeconomic factors could significantly impact the Borrower's 
ability to make repayments. 
● 
Other liabilities - the underlying Loans that are linked to the Note usually do not restrict 
the Borrower from incurring additional unsecured or secured debt. Additional debt may 
adversely affect the Borrower’s creditworthiness and could result in financial distress, 
insolvency or bankruptcy of the Borrower. 
● 
Loan issued in a different currency than the Borrower's income - in some cases, 
the Loan that has been issued to the Borrower is in a different currency than the 
currency in which the Borrower earns income. Significant changes in the exchange

--- Page 12 ---
11 
 
rates or a local currency devaluation could impact the Borrower's ability to make 
repayments. 
2. 
The Lending Company for reasons other than Borrower failure to pay does not make 
payments as they become due or may default on its obligations altogether 
The Loan Receivables come with the feature of a Buyback Obligation which means that the 
Lending Company is obligated to repurchase the Loan Receivables if the Borrower has failed 
to pay more than 60 days after the scheduled repayment date. While this feature could reduce 
the potential loss for the Noteholder due to the Borrower failing to make repayments, the 
Buyback Obligation is only as strong as the company providing this obligation. If the Lending 
Company fails to honour its obligation, the Noteholder is still exposed to the risk of the 
underlying Borrower not making repayments. 
Also, the Lending Company has to meet the Repurchase obligation as may be required by the 
Transactional Documents and in such event the Lending Company is obliged to (i) repurchase 
the Loan Receivable from the Issuer or (ii) to repay to the SPV the respective Loan in full 
together with any Interest and Late Payment Interest accrued thereon. 
While the probability of the Lending Company missing repayments or defaulting depends on 
many factors, such as payment amount, the revenues of the Lending Company, and the 
repayment term, it is important to point out that these probabilities are never zero. 
Overall, a Lending Company not making repayments in full, or defaulting could be caused by a 
variety of factors, including, but not limited to: 
● 
Loss-making operations - The Lending Company may experience losses due to 
various business events and factors, such as intense competition, higher than expected 
cost of client acquisition, high recovery costs, unexpected costs, reduction in the 
portfolio sizes, changes in local regulation with regards to new Borrowers’ Loans and 
management errors. 
● 
Macro-environmental factors - Various macro-environmental factors, such as 
recession, military conflict, natural disasters or pandemic, could significantly increase 
the non-performing Borrowers’ Loans ratio. 
● 
Freezing, seizing or closing of the Lending Company’s operational bank account 
- The account that the Lending Company uses for operations might be seized, blocked, 
or closed for a number of reasons, including anti-money laundering and know your 
client breaches, sanctions violations, state authorities' arbitrary actions, or insolvency 
of a bank or payments services provider. Inability to use the bank account could restrict 
the Lending Company’s ability to collect Borrowers’ repayments and transfer funds to 
Mintos, the SPV and/or the Issuer for an indefinite time, or even lead to insolvency or 
bankruptcy of the Lending Company. 
● 
Currency control restrictions or lack of corresponding banks chain - The local 
government could introduce certain currency control restrictions, leading to a situation 
where the Lending Company is not able to make payments in foreign currency and/or 
to the beneficiary that is a foreign entity and/or to an account in a foreign financial 
institution. Alternatively, corresponding bank relations of a bank or payments services 
provider which maintains the Lending Company’s operational accounts could be

--- Page 13 ---
12 
 
dramatically amended or terminated, eliminating the Lending Company’s ability to 
make payments towards the Issuer, to the SPV and/or Mintos. This may negatively 
affect payments to the Issuer and thus further distributions to the Noteholder. 
● 
Changes in local regulation with regards to Borrower’s Loans already issued - A 
legislative body of the country where the Lending Company operates could introduce 
a Borrowers’ moratorium (a legally authorised period of delay in the performance of a 
legal obligation or the repayment of a debt) or even full or partial debt (including interest 
and penalties) release. 
● 
Foreign exchange positions mismatch - Loans are issued and are being repaid in 
one currency, but Notes promise repayments to Noteholders in another currency, for 
example, a Loan has been issued to the Lending Company in Kazakhstani tenge and 
Russian ruble, but the Investor invests in a Note denominated in euros. If such Loans 
make up a large amount of the total portfolio, and local currency devalues and the 
Lending Company has not properly hedged this risk, the Lending Company is subject 
to foreign exchange positions mismatch risk, leading to significant losses for the 
Lending Company and its inability to pay amounts due to the Issuer. 
● 
Other or sole funding sources - Besides Mintos, the Lending Company may use 
other sources of funding, such as a bank credit line, corporate bonds issues, private 
equity or public shares offerings. In some situations, such as an economic downturn, it 
could be difficult for the Lending Company to attract funding from other sources to 
refinance the existing liabilities, thus leading to a liquidity crisis that could lead to the 
Lending Company having difficulties continuing operations. Furthermore, if the Lending 
Company uses the Platform as a major funding source and a significant number of 
investors decide to suddenly avoid investing in Notes corresponding to the Loans, the 
consequences can be the same.  
3. 
The Lending Company may not be able to recover the full principal and interest owed by 
the Borrowers 
While any recoveries from a Borrower are limited to the value of Borrower’s assets (if any), 
some jurisdictions may, set a lower limit that creditors may claim from the Borrower or define a 
list of the estate which is not allowed to be alienated for recovery purposes, thus reducing the 
maximum amount that could be recovered from the Borrower. 
The underlying Borrower’s Loans that are linked to the Note do not restrict the Borrowers from 
incurring additional unsecured or secured debt. This means that if the Borrower’s Loan is not 
secured by an asset and any funds from the Borrower are available for recovery, these funds 
could be allocated to various creditors, i.e., not only the Lending Company, but also other 
persons that the Borrower owns money to, such as local tax agency, state authorities, other 
lending companies and utility companies. 
If the Borrower’s Loan is secured by an asset, the proceeds from the sale of the asset would 
be allocated proportionally to the Noteholders of the same Series and all other creditors whose 
receivables are secured by that asset (unless another allocation order applies under applicable 
law). In addition, the pledged asset (e.g., car, property) might lose its value and could be sold 
for an amount that is less than the amount due to the Noteholder, or the asset could be stolen, 
hidden, alienated, missing or damaged. There is also a risk that any pledge securing the 
Borrower's obligations under the Borrower’s Loan Agreement may become invalid or

--- Page 14 ---
13 
 
unenforceable due to a number of reasons, including, but not limited to, cases when legal 
relations arising from the loan documents are recategorized by the court of law, mistakes and 
omissions are made and/or due procedures are not followed when the pledge is formed. In that 
case, the obligations of the Borrower would become unsecured, and the credit risk significantly 
increases.  
There could also be the case, especially where the amount of the Borrower’s Loan is low, that 
the expected collection and recovery costs might be higher than the debt itself, which means 
the collection and recovery is not economically reasonable, thus it would not be pursued. 
In addition, the Borrower’s Loan Agreement may, for a variety of reasons, be challenged and 
thus the ability of the Lending Company to exercise its rights under the Borrower’s Loan 
Agreement may be delayed or otherwise hindered for an undefined term. The reasons for 
challenging the Borrower’s Loan Agreement could include errors in agreements, electronic form 
of agreement (while the legal form requirement might be met in principle by such electronic 
signature, its value as evidence in court proceedings in some jurisdictions could be less 
compared to an actual signature made by hand on a physical document), compliance with 
regulations, such as consumer protection laws, as well as borrower identify fraud cases. 
Due to the reasons described above the Noteholder may experience delayed repayments or 
partial or full loss of the amount invested in Notes. 
4. 
The Borrower may repay the Borrower’s Loan early  
A Borrower may repay all or a portion of the remaining principal amount at any time without 
penalty. This may happen, for example, in cases where the Borrower can acquire lower cost 
financing from other sources and wishes to refinance the Borrower’s Loan. The Borrower’s 
Loan Agreement might be also terminated or cancelled in advance by the Lending Company, 
triggering the early repayment of the amounts due by the Borrower without penalty. While the 
Noteholder may invest the repaid money elsewhere, the return on the investments could be 
lower than the initially planned return. 
5. 
The Borrower may face difficulties to repay the Loan in advance 
A Borrower may breach the Borrower’s Loan Agreement, for example, the Borrower takes out 
additional loans without permission from the Lending Company or alienates the collateral, and 
the Lending Company can therefore require early Borrower’s Loan repayment in full. A 
Borrower may lack necessary financial resources to make such advance payment, so this could 
lead to Borrower's debt restructuring or debt collection and result in the Noteholder 
experiencing delayed repayments or partial or full loss of invested amount under Notes. 
6. 
Insolvency of the Lending Company 
Insolvency, bankruptcy or other similar adverse events may significantly influence or even 
dismiss the ability of the Lending Company to repay the Loans, to meet its obligations under 
Transaction Documents, and among other things to execute the undertaken Buyback 
Obligation and Repurchase obligations. This means that if the Lending Company experiences 
significant problems, the Lending Company may not be able to make payments which would 
result in the Issuer would not being able to make payments to the Noteholders. 
In case of insolvency, an administrator is usually bound to consider which past transactions of

--- Page 15 ---
14 
 
the insolvent company must be contested and which sold assets or transferred funds have to 
be clawed back. There is a risk that the administrator of the Lending Company takes action to 
claw back to the Lending Company estate amounts paid to the Issuer, Mintos or the SPV. The 
Issuer, the SPV and/or Mintos would then have to take legal actions to protect their interests in 
the payments received that are clawed back and argue against the position of the administrator 
in judicial proceedings, which could be long and costly, and no assurance could be made of its 
successful outcome. 
Eventually, the Noteholder may experience delayed repayments or partial or full loss of invested 
amount under Notes. 
o 
RISKS SPECIFIC TO BORROWERS’ LOAN SERVICING 
1. 
The Lending Company is not able to continue servicing of the Borrowers’ Loans 
Various factors can negatively impact the Lending Company's ability to provide servicing of the 
Borrowers’ Loans, which in turn could lead to delayed repayments to the Noteholder or even 
partial or full loss of the invested amount. Some of the factors are: 
● 
Loss-making operations - The Lending Company may experience losses due to 
various business events and factors, such as intense competition, higher than expected 
cost of client acquisition, high recovery costs, unexpected costs, reduction in the 
portfolio sizes, changes in local regulation with regards to new Borrower’s Loans and 
management errors. 
● 
Macro-environmental factors - Various macro-environmental factors, such as 
recession, military conflict, natural disasters or pandemic, could significantly increase 
the non-performing loans ratio. 
● 
Freezing, seizing or closing of the Lending Company’s operational bank account 
- The account that the Lending Company uses for operations might be seized, blocked, 
or closed for a number of reasons, including anti-money laundering and know your 
client breaches, sanctions violations, state authorities' arbitrary actions, or insolvency 
of a bank or payments services provider. Inability to use the bank account could restrict 
the Lending Company’s ability to collect Borrowers’ repayments and transfer funds 
under the SPV Loan Agreements for an indefinite time, or even lead to insolvency or 
bankruptcy of the Lending Company. 
● 
Loss of the Lending Company’s licence - Provision of lending services require a 
company to receive special approval/authorization. Licences can be revoked or 
otherwise lost for a number of reasons. Loss of a licence can negatively affect the 
Lending Company’s ability to continue its operations and service the existing Loans. 
● 
Currency control restrictions or lack of corresponding banks chain - The local 
government could introduce certain currency control restrictions, leading to a situation 
where the Lending Company is not able to make payments in foreign currency and/or 
to the beneficiary that is a foreign entity and/or to an account in a foreign financial 
institution. Alternatively, corresponding bank relations of a bank or payments services 
provider which maintains the Lending Company’s operational accounts could be 
dramatically amended or terminated, eliminating the Lending Company’s ability to 
make payments under the SPV Loan Agreements. This may negatively affect

--- Page 16 ---
15 
 
payments to the Issuer and thus further distributions to the Noteholder. 
● 
Changes in local regulation with regards to Borrower’s Loans already issued - A 
legislative body of the country where the Lending Company operates could introduce 
a Borrowers’ moratorium (a legally authorised period of delay in the performance of a 
legal obligation or the repayment of a debt) or even full or partial debt (including interest 
and penalties) release. 
● 
Foreign exchange positions mismatch - Quite often Borrowers’ Loans are issued 
and are being repaid in one currency, but Loans are issued by the SPV and have to be 
repaid by the Lending Company and Notes promise repayments to Noteholders in 
another currency, for example, a Borrower’s Loan has been issued to a Borrower in 
Kazakhstani tenge and Russian ruble, but the Investor invests in a Note denominated 
in euros. If such Loans make up a large amount of the total portfolio, and local currency 
devalues and the Lending Company has not properly hedged this risk, the Lending 
Company is subject to foreign exchange positions mismatch risk, leading to significant 
losses for the Lending Company and its inability to pay amounts due under the SPV 
Loan Agreement. 
● 
Other or sole funding sources - Besides Mintos, the Lending Company may use 
other sources of funding, such as a bank credit line, corporate bonds issues, private 
equity or public shares offerings. In some situations, such as an economic downturn, it 
could be difficult for the Lending Company to attract funding from other sources to 
refinance the existing liabilities, thus leading to a liquidity crisis that could lead to the 
Lending Company having difficulties continuing operations. Furthermore, if the Lending 
Company uses the Platform as a major funding source and a significant number of 
investors decide to suddenly avoid investing in Notes that are backed Loans linked to 
the Borrower’s Loans, the consequences can be the same.  
2. 
No Backup Servicer may be available for servicing the Borrower’s Loans if the Lending 
Company is not able to continue Loan servicing 
One of the key roles of the Lending Company with respect to the Notes is to provide servicing 
of the Borrowers’ Loans according to standards agreed with Mintos, the SPV and the Issuer. 
There might be no backup servicer that could be appointed to take over the servicing from the 
Lending Company if needed. If there is an event of default or other circumstance that disrupts 
the due servicing of the Borrower’s Loans and administration of the Borrowers’ debts by the 
Lending Company and if at the time no backup solution for Borrower’s Loan servicing exists, 
the timeline and volumes of repayments could be significantly impacted, leading to a partial or 
full loss of amounts invested in Notes. 
3. 
The Lending Company may intentionally or unintentionally breach its contractual 
obligations 
There is a risk that the Lending Company performs actions that are in violation of the 
Transaction Documents, including the risk of fraud against the SPV, Issuer and Mintos, 
resulting in the partial or full loss of amounts invested in Notes. Contractual breaches that may 
happen include, but are not limited to: 
● 
False or incomplete information about the Lending Company - All information in 
this Base Prospectus about and/or related to the Lending Company has been provided

--- Page 17 ---
16 
 
and certified by the Lending Company as actual, true, and complete. Material errors or 
omission of such information could initially affect the decision of the Noteholder to 
invest in a particular Note and eventually result in a negative outcome of the 
investment. 
● 
False Borrower data - The Lending Company provides Mintos with information about 
the Loan status, the Borrowers, repayment schedules, repayments, extensions of the 
underlying Borrowers’ Loans or changes to the Borrowers’ Loan Agreements. While 
Mintos regularly asks the Lending Company to provide scanned copies of the 
documents as evidence for randomly selected Borrowers’ Loans, Mintos does not 
check or verify all Borrowers’ Loans linked to the Loans backing the Notes. There is a 
risk that the Lending Company intentionally or unintentionally has provided wrong 
information to Mintos or fails to provide information to Mintos at all, and as a result, the 
payments under the Notes could be impacted. 
● 
The Lending Company stops cooperation with Mintos - The Lending Company 
could for some reason suddenly stop cooperating with Mintos. This could mean not 
honouring its obligations under the existing agreements, including the Transaction 
Documents and breach of their provisions. The Lending Company could stop making 
payments to the Issuer, which means the Issuer would not be able to make payments 
to the Noteholder. The Lending Company might also stop providing Mintos with the 
necessary information or providing the information with significant delays.  
4. 
The Lending Company’s IT systems may fail or may be breached 
IT systems are a crucial part of all financial services companies and if they are impacted, that 
could affect the Lending Company’s ability to provide financial services to its customers and 
exchange information with Mintos. This could also result in loss or distortion of significant 
information and databases that are crucial for sound cooperation between the Lending 
Company, the SPV, the Issuer and Mintos, including for Notes issue servicing and 
administration. 
Since IT systems play such a crucial role in the Lending Company’s operation, the Lending 
Company typically devotes a substantial number of resources to ensure stable and 
uninterrupted performance of the IT systems. Neither the Issuer, nor the SPV or Mintos audits 
the Lending Company’s IT systems thus cannot ensure their soundness. 
o 
RISKS SPECIFIC TO PLEDGES WHEN THOSE ARE PROVIDED TO THE SPV 
1. 
The pledgor may not honour its obligations 
There might be a pledge provided to secure the obligations of the Lending Company towards 
the SPV arising out of the Cooperation Agreement on Issuance of Loans.  
If there is a pledge, the pledgor would be expected to allow the pledgee to enforce its pledge 
by taking over the object of the pledge or putting it up for sale. The procedure for enforcing the 
rights of the pledge is defined by law in the country of the pledge. There is a risk that the pledged 
assets might lose their value and could be sold for an amount that is less than the amount due 
under the Cooperation Agreement on Issuance of Loans or the asset could be stolen, hidden, 
alienated, missing or damaged. There is a risk, as with any pledge/security, that it is or becomes 
unenforceable or invalid (see ‘The pledge may become invalid or unenforceable’ below).

--- Page 18 ---
17 
 
2. 
The pledgor may default 
The risk of default, for example, insolvency, is a risk that is present for any counterparty, the 
pledgor included.  
If the pledgor defaults, as a general rule the pledge should not be affected, and the pledgee 
should be able to exercise its rights of pledge (to take over the pledge or to put it up for sale 
and receive all proceeds from the sale to cover the payments due from the Lending Company). 
However, the Issuer may decide to terminate cooperation with the Lending Company and 
request that the Lending Company repurchase all Loan Receivables before their term.  
3. 
The pledge may become invalid or unenforceable 
There is a risk that pledges securing the Lending Company’s obligations towards the SPV may 
become invalid or unenforceable for several reasons, including, but not limited to cases when 
legal relations arising from the Transaction Documents are recategorized by the court of law, 
mistakes and omissions are made and/or due procedures not being followed when pledges are 
formed. In that case, the obligations of the Lending Company towards the SPV defined by the 
Transaction Documents become unsecured and the credit risk significantly increases, and that 
may trigger Mintos, the Issuer and SPV terminating cooperation with the Lending Company and 
requesting repurchase by the Lending Company of all the Loan Receivables before their term. 
If there is no pledge to enforce against then the Issuer is left with the Lending Company as the 
only debtor from which to expect the payment of monies due from the Lending Company.  
o 
RISKS SPECIFIC TO MINTOS 
1. 
Various events and failures could cause situations where Mintos is not able to continue 
operations 
As a relatively new service, Mintos operates in a complex and dynamic regulatory and 
competitive environment and various events and failures could lead to Mintos terminating the 
provisioning of services, including the operations of the Platform. These events include but are 
not limited to revocation of licence, weak financial performance, negative reputation, non-
compliance events, dramatic changes in the applicable regulations impacting Mintos operating 
model or an economic downturn. If Mintos ceases operations, this could significantly impact the 
Noteholder’s ability to receive repayment on time. 
Should Mintos enter liquidation or insolvency, as a regulated and supervised entity, the process 
will be supervised by the FCMC. The appointed liquidator or administrator will take over the 
functions of the management board. Mintos will continue servicing its clients and the Investment 
Accounts, and relevant financial instruments portfolios in line with what Mintos is permitted to 
do according to the applicable insolvency and liquidation rules. The process from the moment 
of the appointment would be led by the appointed administrator or liquidator. In some cases, 
the Investors’ Protection Law may apply. Such processes may significantly influence the 
investment's return times and make the return more complex to the Noteholder. 
Furthermore, Mintos could for some reason suddenly stop honouring its obligations under the 
existing agreements, leading to delayed payments or partial or full loss of the amount invested 
in the Notes.

--- Page 19 ---
18 
 
2. 
Non-compliance with regulations could lead to revocation of Mintos’ licence 
To provide services to clients, Mintos, as the operator of the Platform, has received an 
investment firm license from the FCMC. The licence could be suspended or revoked due to 
non-compliance with regulations by Mintos. Loss of licence by Mintos could lead to delayed 
payments or partial or full loss of invested amount under the Notes. 
3. 
Failure of IT systems or a security breach could lead to significant liabilities and harm 
relationships with customers 
The technology that Mintos has developed over the years is a cornerstone of Mintos’ future 
success.  The satisfactory performance, reliability and availability of the Platform is critical to its 
operations, customer service and reputation. 
While Mintos has taken steps to protect confidential information, the techniques used to obtain 
unauthorised, improper, or illegal access to systems, data, or customer data, or to disable or 
degrade services are constantly evolving and may not be detected quickly. 
As a result, Mintos’ and Mintos’ third-party vendor security measures might be breached, and 
these security breaches could result in confidential client information being stolen. Breaches of 
security measures because of third-party action, employee error, third-party vendor error, 
design flaws in the software, or interruptions in Mintos’ systems and services could adversely 
impact our relationships with Mintos’ clients, harm Mintos’ reputation and expose Mintos to 
significant liability. 
Furthermore, in the event of damage or interruption, existing insurance policies may not 
adequately compensate Mintos and Mintos’ clients for any losses that may have been incurred. 
Nevertheless, as IT systems are crucial to Mintos’ operations, a substantial number of 
resources are devoted to ensuring the stable and uninterrupted performance of the IT systems. 
4. 
Mintos’ bank accounts could be frozen or closed and banks, where the Noteholder funds 
are held, can become insolvent 
Mintos clients' funds, including the fund being deposited in the Issuer’s Account for settlement 
under the Notes, are kept segregated from Mintos’ own funds in several bank accounts marked 
as client funds accounts.  
One or several of those bank accounts that Mintos uses might be blocked, seized or closed for 
a number of reasons, including insolvency of the banks, resulting in interruptions of fund 
transfers to the Lending Company and the Noteholder.  
5. 
Significant problem or termination of the agreement with a Mintos partner may affect the 
provision of services to the clients 
While providing its services, Mintos relies on several carefully selected partners (e.g., cloud 
computing providers), and any problems with the service providers could impact Mintos’ ability 
to provide services to the Noteholder. Mintos has taken several steps to reduce the likelihood 
and impact of such occurrences, such as having backup service providers where feasible, there 
is still a risk that the Noteholder may not be able to access the Platform or receive services.

--- Page 20 ---
19 
 
6. 
Certain situations or actions may raise conflicts of interests 
While the rights and the responsibilities of Mintos, the Issuer, the Lending Company are detailed 
in the Transaction Documents and this Base Prospectus, and Mintos has established policies 
and procedures to mitigate the risk, it is not possible to fully avoid the possibility of a conflict of 
interests between the parties that could impact the interests of the Noteholder. 
While Mintos provides placement services to the Issuer with respect to the Notes, Mintos also 
provides the infrastructure services for the Lending Company and the Issuer to perform sales 
of the Loan Receivables to the Issuer, as well as to exercise the Buyback Obligations and 
Repurchases. Mintos receives fees from the Lending Company for placement services. Mintos 
has carefully set up the fees in a compliant manner and so that it would not violate the conflict-
of-interest management rules. Such placement fees might qualify as inducements and Mintos 
would disclose information on these inducements to the Noteholder. In addition to inducement 
disclosures, Mintos has set up internal procedures to identify and manage conflicts of interest. 
Some conflicts of interest require disclosure and those are disclosed. 
o 
RISKS SPECIFIC TO THE SPV (LENDER) 
1. 
The SPV could default on its obligations or become insolvent 
The SPV is a wholly owned Mintos Group company, and not engaged in any business activities 
other than those provided in this Base Prospectus. There is a risk that the SPV could suddenly 
stop effectively honouring its obligations under the existing agreements and breaching its 
provisions, resulting in missing repayments to the Noteholder. This could lead to delays in 
repayments and partial or full loss of invested amounts. 
While the SPV is created, established, and performs its operations as a special purpose 
undertaking, due to possible legal shortcomings of the applicable law and/or judicial practice, 
the SPV might be found insolvent. In such situations, if the SPV has received and holds money 
from the Lending Company that is payable to the Issuer, the Noteholder could experience 
delays in receiving its invested funds and the Issuer’s priority as a creditor of the SPV might be 
changed by the rule of law, leading to receiving fewer amounts than due under the Notes, if 
any amounts at all are received and held by the SPV that are received from the Lending 
Company. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes (in section 9 of this Base Prospectus) are set up and 
drafted as having legal force and addressing concerns as legally binding contractual 
obligations. There can be external circumstances that might influence such legal construction, 
including, but not limited to court ruling, and/or new or modified legal enactments. 
2. 
The SPV is not able to continue Loan servicing 
Various factors can negatively impact the SPV’s ability to provide Loan servicing, which in turn 
could lead to delayed repayments for the Loan Receivables to the SPV and as a result, and, in 
turn to the Noteholder or even partial or full loss of the invested amount. Some of the factors 
are: 
● 
Macro-environmental factors - Various macro-environmental factors, such as 
recession, military conflict, natural disasters or pandemic, could significantly increase 
the amounts that can’t be recovered from the Lending Company.

--- Page 21 ---
20 
 
● 
Freezing, seizing or closing of the SPV’s operational bank account - The account 
that the SPV uses for operations might be seized, blocked, or closed for a number of 
reasons, including anti-money laundering and know your client breaches, sanctions 
violations, state authorities' arbitrary actions, or insolvency of a bank or payments 
services provider. Inability to use the bank account could restrict SPV’s ability to collect 
repayments from the Lending Company and transfer funds to the Issuer for an indefinite 
time, or even lead to insolvency or bankruptcy of the SPV. 
● 
Currency control restrictions or lack of corresponding banks chain - The local 
government could introduce certain currency control restrictions, leading to a situation 
where SPV is not able to make payments in foreign currency and/or to the beneficiary 
that is a foreign entity and/or to an account in a foreign financial institution. Alternatively, 
corresponding bank relations of a bank or payments services provider which maintains 
the SPV’s operational accounts could be dramatically amended or terminated, 
eliminating the SPV’s ability to make payments towards the Issuer. This may negatively 
affect payments to the Issuer and thus further distributions to the Noteholder. 
● 
Changes in local regulation with regards to Loans already issued - A legislative 
body of the country where the SPV operates or wherefrom the Lending Company could 
introduce a borrowers’ moratorium (a legally authorised period of delay in the 
performance of a legal obligation or the repayment of a debt) or even full or partial debt 
(including interest and penalties) release. 
3. 
Cross-risks applicable to the SPV 
Considering the pass-through nature of the SPV, the SPV and its abilities to pay amounts due 
to the Noteholders under the Note are exposed to all the risks listed above in ‘RISKS SPECIFIC 
TO THE UNDERLYING LOAN’, ‘RISKS SPECIFIC TO LOAN SERVICING’, ‘RISKS SPECIFIC 
TO PLEDGES WHEN THOSE ARE PROVIDED TO THE SPV’. 
o 
RISKS SPECIFIC TO THE ISSUER 
1. 
The Issuer could default on its obligations or become insolvent 
The Issuer is a wholly owned Mintos Group company, and not engaged in any business 
activities other than those provided in this Base Prospectus. There is a risk that the Issuer could 
suddenly stop effectively honouring its obligations under the existing agreements and 
breaching its provisions, resulting in missing repayments to the Noteholder. This could lead to 
delays in repayments and partial or full loss of invested amounts. 
While the Issuer is created, established and performs its operations as a special purpose 
undertaking, due to possible legal shortcomings of the applicable law and/or judicial practice, 
the Issuer might be found insolvent due to the following reasons, including, but not limited to, a 
Noteholder or other creditor initiating the insolvency procedure against the Issuer in bad faith 
and the court not finding limited recourse and non-petition provisions defined by this Base 
Prospectus as a sufficient ground to reject such proceeding. In such situations, the Noteholder 
could experience delays in receiving its invested funds and its priority as a creditor of the Issuer 
might be changed by the rule of law, leading to receiving fewer amounts than due under the 
Notes. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes (in section 11 of this Base Prospectus) are set up and

--- Page 22 ---
21 
 
drafted as having legal force and addressing concerns as legally binding contractual 
obligations. There can be external circumstances that might influence such legal construction, 
including, but not limited to court ruling, and/or new or modified legal enactments. 
2. 
Mintos may not be able to cover the maintenance and administrative costs of the Issuer 
Considering the pass-through nature of the Issuer, the maintenance costs and administrative 
expenses of the Issuer are, in essence, covered by the Lending Company, either via direct 
compensation mechanism or indirectly via Mintos. If for any reason mentioned above in ‘RISKS 
SPECIFIC TO MINTOS’, Mintos is not able to cover such costs, it could significantly influence 
the operations of the Issuer and its ability to service Notes and make payments to the 
Noteholder. 
3. 
Information asymmetry  
With a reference to risks described above in ‘The Lending Company may intentionally or 
unintentionally breach its contractual obligations - False or incomplete information about the 
Lending Company’ and ‘-False Borrower data’, part of the information in this Base Prospectus 
as well as significant information being received during the term of the Notes is being sourced 
and received from the Lending Company. There is a risk that the Lending Company can provide 
material information with delay or fails to provide information to the Issuer at all. As a 
consequence: 
● 
the Issuer through Mintos acting as its authorised representative will not be able to 
timely enforce its rights provided in the Transaction Documents and to act in the 
interests of Noteholders; and 
● 
the Issuer will not be able to prepare and publish supplements to this Base Prospectus 
in a timely manner, which could impact the Noteholders’ judgement on purchasing the 
Notes being unaware of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy 
related to the information being sourced from the Lending Company. 
4. 
Cross-risks applicable to the Issuer 
Considering the pass-through nature of the Issuer, the Issuer and its abilities to pay amounts 
due to the Noteholders under the Note are exposed to all the risks listed above in ‘RISKS 
SPECIFIC TO THE UNDERLYING LOAN’, ‘RISKS SPECIFIC TO LOAN SERVICING’, ‘RISKS 
SPECIFIC TO PLEDGES WHEN THOSE ARE PROVIDED TO THE ISSUER’ and ‘RISKS 
SPECIFIC TO MINTOS’. 
o 
RISKS SPECIFIC TO NOTES 
1. 
The Noteholder has no rights of recourse against the Borrowers, the Lending Company, 
the SPV or the pledgor 
The Noteholder has no direct right to the Loan Receivables. Instead, the Noteholder is acquiring 
Notes, which are backed by the corresponding Loan Receivables. The legal title in the Loan 
Receivables and relevant rights arising from them are vested in the Issuer. This means that the 
Noteholder will have no direct recourse against the Lending Company or the Borrowers and no 
ability to independently and in its discretion to pursue the Lending Company or any Borrower 
to collect payments under the relevant Borrower’s Loan or the Lending Company to collect

--- Page 23 ---
22 
 
payments under the relevant SPV Loan Agreement. For the same reason the Noteholder will 
have no direct recourse against the SPV or the Lending Company, and/or the pledgor, and no 
ability to pursue the SPV or the Lending Company, and/or the pledgor to enforce them to duly 
perform their duties and obligations due. All such actions are carried out by the Issuer as the 
legal owner of the Loan Receivables according to the provisions of this Base Prospectus and 
the Transaction Documents. 
2. 
Change of creditors priority  
The outcome of judicial or insolvency procedure could overrule the creditors’ priority in this 
Base Prospectus due to requirements of the law, meaning that the Noteholders of one Series 
of Notes could become equal creditors to Noteholders of other Series of Notes, thus all the 
proceeds the Issuer receives from all the Loan Receivables is distributed on pro rata basis or 
otherwise. 
3. 
Certain costs may rank higher than payments to the Noteholder 
While it is the Issuer's responsibility to transfer to the Noteholder all payments that have been 
received from the SPV, including the payments received from the Lending Company by the 
SPV, there are certain costs, such as taxes, Mintos’ fees and recovery costs that rank higher 
than payments to the Noteholder. This means that the Noteholder would only receive payment 
after the payment obligations of a higher priority have been settled.  
Also, there is a risk that the outcome of judicial or insolvency procedure could define other 
priority of payments, which differs from the priority in this Base Prospectus.  
4. 
Liabilities that are not Series specific will be allocated to all Series of Notes 
proportionally 
If there are higher priority costs, i.e., taxes, fees and recovery costs, related to the specific Note, 
then these will be covered from the payments due to the Noteholders according to the Priority 
of Payments defined in this Base Prospectus. Where the liability is not Series-specific, for 
example, legal costs, the liability will be allocated to all Series of Notes proportionally unless 
otherwise defined by the Priority of Payments. 
5. 
Due diligence and monitoring performed by Mintos and risk score allocated are limited 
in scope, do not address all material risks, and do not provide any assurance or 
indemnification 
Before the Lending Company joins Mintos and during the cooperation, Mintos carries out due 
diligence and assigns a Mintos risk acore. It is important to point out that these processes are 
limited in scope and do not address all material risks relating to an investment in the Notes, but 
rather reflect the view of Mintos at the time the due diligence and monitoring are performed.  
Even if Mintos continuously measures the accuracy of the Mintos risk score and evaluates the 
need to adjust the methodology when new data is obtained, these processes might not 
guarantee any further performance of the investment.  
Mintos neither provides any assurance or guarantee for the Noteholder nor indemnifies or holds 
Noteholder harmless for any loss or adverse consequence directly or indirectly arising from the 
Noteholder relying upon the Mintos risk score or due diligence and monitoring performed.  
Basing investment decisions solely on the Mintos risk score could lead to a partial or full loss

--- Page 24 ---
23 
 
of invested amounts. 
6. 
No specific securitisation laws in Latvia 
There are no dedicated laws and regime in Latvia addressing specific special purpose vehicle 
issuer insolvency or limited recourse concepts. Mintos believes the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes are set up and drafted as having legal force and addressing such concerns as legally 
binding contractual obligations. There might be circumstances that influence such legal 
construction, including, but not limited to the court ruling, or new or modified legal enactments. 
Eventually, this could lead to delayed payments, or partial or full loss of the amount invested in 
the Notes. 
7. 
Repurchase could impact planned return 
The Lending Company may repurchase the Loan Receivables from the Issuer at any time at 
their then outstanding principal value without any penalty or other compensation. This may 
happen, for example, in cases where the Lending Company can acquire lower cost financing 
from other sources and wishes to refinance the Loan.  
The Lending Company not only has a right to repurchase, but also has an obligation to 
repurchase the Loan Receivables from the Issuer upon the occurrence of certain events 
specified in the Cooperation Agreement. The Lending Company may become obliged to 
repurchase one or several affected Loan Receivables, as well as there are certain events that 
may trigger the obligation to repurchase all the Loan Receivables. Occurrence of a Material 
Event of Default under the Cooperation Agreement triggers the obligation to repurchase all the 
Loan Receivables. 
If the repurchase right is exercised by the Lending Company or if the repurchase obligation 
arises, the relevant Series of Notes will be redeemed early in full or in part once the Issuer has 
received the repurchase price from the Lending Company. The Noteholders' return on the 
investments in the Notes which are redeemed due to the repurchase will be lower than the 
initially planned return. 
8. 
New regulations introduced in the future could impact the Noteholder and Mintos 
Due to several reasons, such as improvements in computer technology, the financial crisis of 
the past decade and a greater focus on preventing the legalisation of illegally gained proceeds, 
the financial industry over the last years has experienced the introduction of several new 
regulations. With further developments and adoption of technologies, jurisdictions, either where 
Noteholders or Mintos Group are domiciled are likely to introduce new regulations or 
administrative interventions that could relate to Notes or online marketplaces such as the 
Platform. Such regulation in the future, for example, could enhance investors’ protection 
measures, limit access to Notes to only qualified or sophisticated Noteholders, limit the 
proportion of the portfolio that can be invested through Notes or introduce any other restricting 
measures. 
Furthermore, the introduction of new regulations or significant changes to the existing 
regulations could impact the profitability, cost base and future operations of Mintos. Failure to 
comply with regulation could lead to, among other things, lawsuits, administrative enforcement 
actions, penalties, and revocation of licenses and authorisations. Eventually, this could lead to 
delayed payments or partial or full loss of invested amounts under Notes.

--- Page 25 ---
24 
 
9. 
New regulation in relation to taxes could impact the expected return for the Noteholder 
In the event that new regulation is introduced, or existing regulation or its interpretation changes 
so that the Issuer and/or Mintos needs to withhold additional taxes before making payments to 
the Noteholder, and the Issuer and/or Mintos is required to withhold any transfer tax, stamp 
duty and/or financial transactions tax, this could impact the expected return on investment for 
the Noteholder. Similar developments in the Noteholders’ tax residence country can lead to the 
same consequences. 
10. 
Notes have limited liquidity and transferability 
The Notes are illiquid securities and there is no active market for them, and the Notes are not 
admitted to any trading venue. The potential buyers and transferees are limited only to other 
Mintos’ clients who are registered on the Platform. Which all means that the Noteholder might 
need to offer the Notes with a significant discount and hence would not meet the expected 
return on the investment, or might even be unable to sell them at all during a shorter or longer 
period of time. Furthermore, to protect Noteholders that use automatic investment solutions 
from making investment decisions, Mintos may restrict the execution of orders to sell the Notes 
according to the terms and conditions of the agreements between the Investors and Mintos. 
The Noteholder should therefore only invest in Notes that the Noteholder is comfortable with 
holding to maturity. 
11. 
An undiversified investment portfolio may lead to greater exposure to the Lending 
Company and country-specific risks than a well-diversified portfolio 
Investment in a single Note, Notes issued in relation to the Lending Company or Notes with 
underlying Loans related to one country means that the performance of the portfolio and risk 
exposure depends on that Note, the Lending Company, country and currency risk.  
Mintos encourages its customers to build a well-diversified portfolio and provides several tools 
to automate investing in Notes, making this easier. 
12. 
Investing in Notes issued in other currencies increase the Noteholder’s exposure to 
currency risk 
If a Noteholder invests in Notes denominated in a currency that is different from the currency 
that the Noteholder earns and/or spends, the return on the investment could be significantly 
impacted by the fluctuations in the exchange rate between those currencies. This means that 
if the underlying currency depreciates significantly, the Noteholder could lose part of the 
investment, and if the currency appreciates significantly, the Noteholder could earn a higher 
return on investment. 
13. 
Notes are not bank deposits 
Investment in Notes does not have the status of a bank deposit in Latvia or elsewhere and is 
not within the scope of the deposit protection or guarantee scheme operated by the Republic 
of Latvia or any other jurisdiction.

--- Page 26 ---
25 
 
3. 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Important notices 
THIS BASE PROSPECTUS MAY NOT BE FORWARDED OR DISTRIBUTED OTHER THAN AS 
PROVIDED BELOW AND MAY NOT BE REPRODUCED IN ANY MANNER WHATSOEVER. THIS 
BASE PROSPECTUS MAY ONLY BE DISTRIBUTED OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES TO PERSONS 
THAT ARE NOT U.S. PERSONS AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. 
ANY FORWARDING, DISTRIBUTION OR REPRODUCTION OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS IN 
WHOLE OR IN PART IS UNAUTHORISED. FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH THIS DIRECTIVE MAY 
RESULT IN A VIOLATION OF THE SECURITIES ACT OR THE APPLICABLE LAWS OF OTHER 
JURISDICTIONS.  
NOTHING IN THIS BASE PROSPECTUS CONSTITUTES AN OFFER TO SELL OR THE 
SOLICITATION OF AN OFFER TO BUY ANY SECURITIES IN ANY JURISDICTION. THE 
SECURITIES DESCRIBED IN THIS BASE PROSPECTUS HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE 
REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR WITH ANY SECURITIES REGULATORY 
AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES AND MAY NOT 
BE OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR 
BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS.  
Any materials relating to any potential offering do not constitute, and may not be used in connection 
with, an offer or solicitation in any place where offers or solicitations are not permitted by law.  
Under no circumstances will this Base Prospectus constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer 
to buy any securities in any jurisdiction other than provided on page 1 of this Base Prospectus.  
Responsibility for this Base Prospectus  
The Management Board of the Issuer: 
Title 
Name 
Chairman of the Management Board 
Martins Sulte 
Member of the Management Board 
Martins Valters 
 
accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus (other than the information 
in the sections entitled ‘8. THE LENDING COMPANY’, “10. THE BORROWERS’ LOANS’’, ‘7. THE SPV 
(LENDER)’, ‘9. THE LOANS’). To the best of its knowledge, the information (other than the information 
in the sections entitled ‘8. THE LENDING COMPANY’, “10. THE BORROWERS’ LOANS’’, ‘7. THE SPV 
(LENDER)’, ‘9. THE LOANS’) contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and 
makes no omission likely to affect its import. Any information from third parties identified in this Base 
Prospectus as such has been accurately reproduced and that as far as the Issuer is aware and is able 
to ascertain from the information provided by a third party, no facts have been omitted which would 
render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.  
The Management Board of the Lending Company accepts responsibility for the information contained 
in the sections entitled ‘8. THE LENDING COMPANY’ and “10. THE BORROWERS’ LOANS’’ of this

--- Page 27 ---
26 
 
Base Prospectus. To the best of its knowledge, the information contained in sections entitled ‘8. THE 
LENDING COMPANY’ and “10. THE BORROWERS’ LOANS’’ of this Base Prospectus is in accordance 
with the facts and makes no omission likely to affect its import. 
The Management Board of the SPV (Lender) accepts responsibility for the information contained in the 
sections entitled ‘7. THE SPV (LENDER)’ and ‘9. THE LOANS’ of this Base Prospectus. To the best of 
its knowledge, the information contained in sections entitled ‘7. THE SPV (LENDER)’ and ‘9. THE 
LOANS’ of this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and makes no omission likely to affect 
its import. 
Final Terms  
Each Series of Notes will be issued on the terms and conditions set out under the section entitled ‘11. 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES’ of this Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable 
Final Terms. The Final Terms will be published on the website www.mintos.com. A form of applicable 
Final Terms is set out under the section entitled ’13. APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS’ of this Base 
Prospectus.  
Other relevant information  
This Base Prospectus must be read and construed together with any supplements to this Base 
Prospectus and with any information incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus and, concerning 
any Series of Notes, must be read and construed together with the relevant applicable Final Terms.  
Unauthorised information  
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in 
or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into concerning the 
Programme, any information supplied by the Issuer, or such other information as is in the public domain 
and, if given or made, such information or representation should not be relied upon as having been 
authorised by the Issuer. 
Mintos has not authorised the whole or any part of this Base Prospectus and does not make any 
representation or warranty, or accept any responsibility as to the accuracy or completeness of the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus or any responsibility for the acts or omissions of the 
Issuer or any other person in connection with the issue and offering of the Notes, nor does Mintos or 
any of its shareholders, directors, affiliates, advisers or agents take any responsibility for the acts or 
omissions of the Issuer or any other person in connection with the issue, offering and sale of the Notes. 
Restrictions on distribution  
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms, and the offer, sale and delivery of the 
Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and Mintos to inform themselves about 
and to observe any such restrictions. In particular, Notes have not been and will not be registered under 
the Securities Act. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or to U.S. persons. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitute an offer 
or an invitation to subscribe for or purchase any Notes and should not be considered as a 
recommendation by the Issuer, Mintos or any of them that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any 
Final Terms should subscribe for or purchase any Notes. Each recipient of this Base Prospectus or any 
Final Terms will be taken to have made its own investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or

--- Page 28 ---
27 
 
otherwise) of the Issuer. Mintos has not provided any financial or taxation advice in connection with the 
Programme or the Notes. 
Programme limit  
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the 
Programme will not exceed EUR 450 000 000 (or its equivalent in other currencies). 
Language  
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms 
have been cited in their original language so that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to 
them under applicable law. 
Ratings  
No Series of Notes issued under the Programme will be rated by any credit rating agency. 
Currencies  
Unless otherwise indicated, the financial information contained in this Base Prospectus has been 
expressed in euro. The Issuer’s functional currency is euro, and the Issuer prepares its financial 
statements in euro.  
Third-party and market share data  
This Base Prospectus contains information regarding business of the Issuer, Mintos, the Lending 
Company and others, and the industry in which they operate and compete. Where third party 
information has been used in this Base Prospectus, the source of such information has been identified. 
Statistical information included in this Base Prospectus has been derived from official public sources, 
including the statistical releases. All such statistical information may differ from that stated in other 
sources for a variety of reasons, including the use of different definitions and cut-off times. This data 
may subsequently be revised as new data becomes available and any such revised data will not be 
circulated by the Issuer to Investors who have purchased the Notes. In some cases, independently 
determined industry data is not available. In these cases, any market share data included in this Base 
Prospectus is referred to as having been estimated. All such estimates have been made by either the 
Issuer or the Lending Company using its information and other publicly available market information. 
Each of the Issuer and the Lending Company believes that these estimates of market share are helpful 
as they give prospective Investors a better understanding of the industry in which the Issuer or the 
Lending Company operates as well as its position within that industry. Although all such estimations 
have been made in good faith based on the information available and the Issuer’s or the Lending 
Company’s knowledge of the market within which it operates, neither the Issuer nor the Lending 
Company can guarantee that a third-party expert using different methods would reach the same 
conclusions. Where information has not been independently sourced, it is the Issuer’s or the Lending 
Company’s own information. 
No incorporation of website information 
The Issuer is affiliated with Mintos and their website is www.mintos.com. Unless specifically 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, information on the website or any other website 
mentioned in this Base Prospectus or any website directly or indirectly linked to these websites has not

--- Page 29 ---
28 
 
been verified, is not incorporated by reference into, and does not form part of, this Base Prospectus, 
and Investors should not rely on it.

--- Page 30 ---
29 
 
4. 
TRANSACTION OVERVIEW 
o 
THE DESCRIPTION OF THE TRANSACTIONS IN RELATION TO THE NOTES 
▪ 
The Issuer, Mintos, SPV (Lender) and the Lending Company 
The Issuer, Mintos, SPV (Lender) and the Lending Company have entered the Transaction Documents 
for the issue and sale of the Notes as described in this Base Prospectus. 
 
▪ 
Issuance of loans and transfer of the Loan Receivables by the SPV to the 
Issuer 
 
The Lending Company issues loans to the Borrowers, and in the Base Prospectus, they are called the 
Borrowers’ Loans. Once the Borrower’s Loan is issued by the Lending Company, the Lending Company 
can request, by using the API connection setup with Mintos, a Loan from the SPV (Lender) within the 
maximum limit permitted by the Cooperation Agreement on Issuance of Loans.  
Each loan requested from the SPV has to be for an amount not exceeding 90% of the principal amount 
of the Borrowers’ Loan that the Lending Company has issued to the Borrower and that it provides as a 
source of repayment of the respective Loan. If the request for Loan meets the requirements under the 
Cooperation Agreement on Issuance of Loans, the request is approved and an SPV Loan Agreement 
is generated for that Loan. Mintos verifies the information provided through the API. The Borrower’s 
Loans are required to meet certain eligibility criteria for the Loans that will be advanced against them to 
form a ‘pool’ of Loan Receivables to serve as the underlying assets for a particular Series of Notes and 
to satisfy other conditions precedent. Each SPV Loan Agreement has one Borrower’s Loan linked to it

--- Page 31 ---
30 
 
as the source of repayment.  
After the SPV Loan Agreement is concluded, the Loan Receivables arising out of the SPV Loan 
Agreement are in full sold to the Issuer. 
The sale of the Loan Receivables to the Issuer is evidenced by Mintos generating the Transfer 
Document. The agreement on the terms and conditions of the sale of the Loan Receivables by the SPV 
to the Issuer is set out in the Cooperation Agreement, the Transfer Document evidences the fact of the 
sale having happened.  
Payment for the acquired Loan Receivable is subject to placement of the Series of Notes.  
That means the Loan Receivables transferred to the Issuer and backing the Series have characteristics 
that demonstrate capacity to produce funds to service any payments due and payable on the Notes. 
In relation to the Loan, the SPV does not retain any ‘skin in the game’. The Lending Company, however, 
does economically retain a skin in the game in the Borrower’s Loan due to the Loan that it can receive 
against the Borrower’s Loan is no greater than 90% of the principal amount of the Borrower’s Loan. 
The Lending Company is notified of the transfer of the Loan Receivables, however the parties under 
the Cooperation Agreement have agreed that the Lending Company will continue to make payments to 
the SPV (Lender), unless the Issuer has not notified the Lending Company to do otherwise. The SPV 
continues to service the Loan Receivables.  
The Lending Company meanwhile retains full title over the Borrowers’ Loans that are linked to the Loans 
as their source of repayment. 
▪ 
Issue of Notes 
 
Once the Issuer has a pool of the Loan Receivables, Mintos publishes the Final Terms for the relevant 
Series of Notes on the Platform on behalf of the Issuer. This process is automated and takes place in 
real-time.  
As of the Issue Date, the Notes are publicly offered by the Issuer through the Platform. Investors can 
purchase Notes from the Issue Date until the Maturity Date of the Notes provided in the Final Terms or 
until the time when the Notes are fully sold to Investors by the Issuer, whichever occurs earlier. 
Information about the offer results of the Notes is published on the website www.mintos.com in real 
time starting from the Issue Date of the Notes. Subscriptions will not be reduced, which means refund 
of amounts paid in excess does not apply. The Issuer does not expect any conditions to which offer of 
the Notes would be subject.

--- Page 32 ---
31 
 
  
To purchase Notes from the Issuer, the Investor registered on the Platform submits an investment order 
using the “Primary market” section of the Platform, indicating the amount of money that the Investor 
wishes to invest in particular Notes. The Investor can also use automated portfolio management 
services provided by Mintos to purchase the Notes. The process for purchasing Notes is automated 
and takes place in real-time. When the investment order is accepted by the Platform, Mintos debits 
cash funds from the Investor’s cash account with Mintos in exchange for delivery of the Notes to the 
Investor’s financial instruments account with Mintos. Paying for the Notes and delivery of the Notes take 
place simultaneously. The Notes allotted are available as soon as the investment order is executed by 
Mintos, by means of the Investor’s profile on the Platform. Further alienation of Notes could be done as 
soon as available on the Investor’s Investment Accounts. 
 
Minimum subscription amount is one Note. Maximum subscription amount is up to the Aggregate 
Nominal Amount for the relevant Series of Notes, but subject to the nominal amount of the Notes being 
available for purchase from the Issuer as at execution time of the investment order at Mintos. 
No expenses are expected to be charged to the Investor by the Issuer when purchasing Notes. 
Currently there is no financial transaction tax to be applied by the Issuer and/or Mintos to the Investor 
in subscribing or purchasing any Note. 
 
The Issuer expects that net proceeds of any Series of Notes will equal the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
of the relevant Series. 
▪ 
Payments under the Notes 
 
Interest specified in the Final Terms will begin to be calculated and accrued from (and including) the 
first day when the Investor has acquired the Notes from the Issuer and the Notes are booked by Mintos 
in the Investor’s financial instruments account. 
 
The Interest and principal payments under the Notes are linked and contingent on corresponding 
payment being made under the pool of the underlying Loan Receivables, and the payments being made 
under the pool of underlying Loan Receivables is dependent on the payments being made by the 
Borrowers under the Borrowers’ Loans linked to that pool. Notes may have different payments which 
reflect the different Loans issued by the Lending Company, such as: 
● 
fully amortising Notes – the principal amount outstanding of the Notes and interest are regularly 
paid during the term of the Notes so that the principal amount outstanding of the Notes is zero 
at maturity of the Notes; 
 
● 
partially amortising Notes (or ‘balloon’ Notes) – the principal amount outstanding of the Notes 
and interest are regularly paid during the term of the Notes but, a ‘balloon’ of principal amount 
outstanding of the Notes remains which is paid at maturity of the Notes;  
 
● 
interest only Notes – only the interest is regularly paid during the term of the Notes, whilst the 
principal amount outstanding of the Notes is paid at maturity of the Notes; and

--- Page 33 ---
32 
 
 
● 
bullet Notes - both the outstanding principal value of the Notes and interest are paid at the 
maturity of the Notes. 
▪ 
The Buyback Obligation  
The Buyback Obligation is the obligation for the Lending Company to (i) repurchase the relevant Loan 
Receivables from the Issuer, provided that the Buyback Obligation is stated as being applicable in the 
Final Terms; or (ii) to make repayment to the SPV with respect to the affected Loan in full, if any payment 
under any of the relevant Borrower’s Loan is delayed by more than 60 days. Whichever way the 
Buyback Obligation is performed, if the Lending Company fulfils the obligation, it achieves the same 
result – the Issuer receives either directly from the Lending Company or from the SPV full settlement 
for the respective Loan Receivables.  
If the Buyback Obligation is triggered, the relevant Series of Notes will be partially redeemed early once 
the Issuer has received the buyback price from the Lending Company or the payment from the SPV of 
received repayment from the Lending Company. The buyback price or repayment is the nominal value 
of the Loan Receivable as it is at the time when the Buyback Obligation arose, which means the nominal 
value of the principal outstanding and the interest and other ancillary claims assigned to the Issuer that 
form part of the Loan Receivable up to the date when the Buyback Obligation was triggered. 
▪ 
Repurchase  
Repurchase is the right or obligation for the Lending Company to (i) repurchase the Loan Receivable(s) 
from the Issuer or (ii) to make repayment to the SPV with respect to the affected Loans in full on the 
occurrence of certain events specified in the Cooperation Agreement. 
The Repurchase rights may be exercised by the Lending Company at any time with respect to any 
Loan Receivable(s). The repurchase price or the repayment is the nominal value of the Loan 
Receivable, which means the nominal value of the principal outstanding and the interest and other 
ancillary claims assigned to the Issuer that form part of the Loan Receivable up to the date when the 
Repurchase right was exercised, as it is at the time when the Repurchase right was exercised. 
If during the validity of the Cooperation Agreement the Lending Company exercises its rights to 
Repurchase individual Loan Receivables that are linked to performing Borrowers’ Loans (loans that are 
not delayed by the Borrower), the Lending Company shall be obliged to repurchase the same amount 
of the Loan Receivables that are linked to non-performing Borrowers’ Loans with a delay of 1 to 59 days 
(if any) and to non-performing Borrowers’ Loans with a delay of 60 and more days (if any). Namely, if 
the Lending Company repurchases 10% (ten per cent) of the Loan Receivables linked to performing 
Borrowers’ Loans, the Lending Company shall be obliged to repurchase 10% (ten per cent) of the Loan 
Receivables linked to non-performing Borrowers’ Loans with a delay of 1 to 59 days and 10% (ten per 
cent) of the Loan Receivables linked to non-performing Borrowers’ Loans with a delay of 60 and more 
days. The Loan Receivables linked to non-performing Borrowers’ Loans subject to the repurchase are 
randomly selected by the Lending Company at its own discretion. If the Lending Company fails to 
repurchase the Loan Receivables of non-performing loans as per this clause, Mintos shall randomly 
select the Loan Receivables on non-performing loans subject to the repurchase by the Lending 
Company.  
The Repurchase obligation arises either with respect to one or several Loan Receivables or it may as 
well arise with respect to all Loan Receivables.

--- Page 34 ---
33 
 
Individual affected Loan Receivable(s) must be repurchased by the Lending Company according to the 
Cooperation Agreement if the following occurs: 
(a) 
termination by the Lending Company of a Borrower’s Loan Agreement which is linked to 
the SPV Loan Agreement from which the Loan Receivable arises; 
(b) 
in case any of the following events occur: 
● 
if the SPV Loan Agreement from which the respective individual Loan Receivable 
arises is or shall for any reason and by any means become invalid or unenforceable 
whether in whole or in part or it becomes impossible or unlawful for any party to any 
such document to perform its obligations under such documents; or 
● 
if, in the reasonable opinion of Mintos and/or the Issuer and/or the SPV. the Lending 
Company’s fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation has been established; 
(c) 
with respect to the affected Loan Receivable that is determined in the sole discretion of 
Mintos, in case if any of the following events occur: 
● 
if certain representations or warranties of the Lending Company provided in the 
Cooperation Agreement with respect to the Borrower’s Loan is or proves to have 
been untrue when made or deemed to be made; 
● 
if a breach of an obligation of the Lending Company to comply with certain restrictions 
on amendments to the Borrower’s Loan Agreements are not complied with or if the 
Lending Company breaches its duties as a servicer of the Borrower’s Loans; or 
● 
if it is or becomes unlawful for the Lending Company to perform its obligations under 
the Cooperation Agreement or the Cooperation Agreement on Issuance of Loans 
according to the applicable laws(i.e. having a retroactive effect).  
The above might not be a precise wording of the Cooperation Agreement provisions, however even if 
the wording is different the description of the essence remains correct. 
In case a Material Event of Default under the Cooperation Agreement has occurred (see paragraph: 
THE TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS - The Cooperation Agreement - Material Events of Default), Mintos 
is entitled to request the Lending Company to repurchase all the Loan Receivables transferred to the 
Issuer or to make repayment to the SPV with respect to all the Loans. Mintos has the discretion to 
request or not to request the repurchase of all the Loan Receivables. If the full repurchase is requested, 
repurchase obligation must be met by way of (i) paying the repurchase price or (ii) by making repayment 
to the SPV with respect to the Loans in full within the time period, which in most cases is 5 (five) 
Business Days, but may be set as a longer period of time up to no more than 6 months, after the notice 
has been given to the Lending Company regarding the repurchase and the final calculation of the 
amounts payable is sent to the Lending Company. 
The repurchase price for the Loan Receivable which the Lending Company is obliged to pay to the 
Issuer for the Repurchase of the Loan Receivable is equal to the total amount of the remaining principal 
amount of the Loan Receivable and accumulated and outstanding interest, and other ancillary claims 
assigned to the Issuer that form part of the Loan Receivable up to the date when the Repurchase was 
triggered. 
If Repurchase rights or obligation is triggered, the relevant Series of Notes will be redeemed early in 
full or in part once the Issuer has received the repurchase price from the Lending Company or the 
payment from the SPV of received repayment from the Lending Company. 
▪ 
No credit enhancement 
The Notes have no credit enhancements and no liquidity support in relation to payment of interest or 
principal.

--- Page 35 ---
34 
 
The Issuer, as a special purpose entity, has no obligation to make any payment on the Notes unless 
sufficient funds have been received from the SPV or the Lending Company. In turn, the SPV, is 
dependent on payments on the relevant Loans from the Lending Company, but the Lending Company, 
in turn, is dependent on payments on the relevant Borrowers’ Loans from the Borrowers. 
o 
THE TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS 
The information in this section is a summary of certain features of the Transaction Documents provided 
for information purposes and will not be treated as the full binding text of the relevant agreement.  
▪ 
The Cooperation Agreement 
General 
The Cooperation Agreement contains the agreement between the Issuer, the SPV, the Lending 
Company and Mintos on the matters outlined in the above section entitled ‘THE DESCRIPTION OF 
THE TRANSACTIONS IN RELATION TO THE NOTES’. 
The Cooperation Agreement among other schedules contains as schedules the following: 
● 
sample of the Borrower’s Loan Agreement; and 
● 
this Base Prospectus as submitted to the FCMC for approval. 
 
Mintos 
Mintos acts as an assignment agent, placement agent, calculation agent, transfer agent and paying 
agent of the Issuer in relation to the Notes. 
Loan servicing  
 
The Issuer has appointed the SPV as the servicer with service rights which includes any and all rights 
to: 
(a) service the Loan Receivables; 
 
(b) all agreements or documents creating, defining or evidencing the servicing rights to the extent 
they relate to the servicing; 
(c) 
collect all payments under the SPV Loan Agreements; and 
(d) maintain and use any and all servicing files and other data and information about the Loan 
Receivables, and about the past, present or prospective servicing of the Loan Receivables. 
Within the scope of servicing obligations, the SPV has undertaken certain obligations, including: 
(a) 
to collect and process payments from the Lending Company;  
(b) 
to transfer payments from the Lending Company to the Issuer; 
(c) 
not to assign, transfer or create any encumbrance over any Loan Receivables; and 
(d) 
to take all reasonable actions to ensure that the Loan Receivables are not treated as

--- Page 36 ---
35 
 
the SPV’s property and any pledge rights, prohibitions or other encumbrances in favour of the 
SPV, its creditors or administrators would not be attributed to the Loan Receivables. 
The appointment of the SPV as the servicer can be terminated by written mutual agreement between 
the Issuer, the SPV, the Lending Company and Mintos only when the Issuer has settled all obligations 
under the Notes towards the Noteholders. 
Subject to certain terms and conditions, the Issuer may, by notice to the SPV, the Lending Company 
and Mintos terminate the appointment of the SPV as the servicer and appoint another person as the 
servicer of the Loan Receivables.  
Extensions 
The Lending Company may modify any of the Borrowers’ Loan Agreements without approval of the 
Issuer, provided that payments from the relevant Borrowers remain unchanged. 
If provided in the Final Terms, the Lending Company may extend the repayment schedule of one or 
more of the Borrower’s Loan Agreements without the consent of the SPV, Issuer or the Noteholders 
provided that (a) there is no event of default under any of the Borrower’s Loans Agreement, (b) any 
change is restricted by ‘Limit on the number of Extensions’ and ‘Total maximum time limit of Extensions’ 
as specified in the Final Terms and (c) any change is notified on the Platform to the Noteholders. If the 
Borrower’s Loan Agreement is extended, the SPV Loan Agreement that it is linked to is extended for 
the same period of time. 
The Lending Company may also extend the repayment schedule of one or more of the Borrower’s Loan 
Agreements without the consent of the Issuer, the SPV or the Noteholders to comply with any new law 
or regulation, amendment of any existing law or regulation, or any decision of any government or 
municipal provided that any change is notified on the Platform to the Noteholders. 
Representations and warranties 
The Lending Company has made certain representations and warranties relating to the Borrowers’ 
Loans including: 
(a)  
all necessary and required procedures, checks and assessments have been performed 
to ensure the validity and enforceability of each of the Borrowers’ Loan Agreements;  
(b)  
information and documents provided regarding each of the Borrowers’ Loans, the 
Borrowers’ Loan Agreements are true, correct and complete, 
(c)  
the Lending Company is the sole owner of the Borrower’s Loans being provided as the 
source of repayment of the Loans, they are free and clear of all liens, pledges or encumbrances, 
other than as required or permitted by the Cooperation Agreement.      
The Lending Company has represented and warranted that it has all necessary licences, permits and 
authorisations to conduct its business activities.  
The SPV has made certain representations and warranties relating to the Loans, including on the 
validity and enforceability of each of the SPV Loan Agreements. 
Each of the Issuer, the Lending Company, the SPV and Mintos has ensured the truth, correctness and 
completeness of all the documents and information being provided by it, as well as its compliance with

--- Page 37 ---
36 
 
applicable regulatory requirements. 
Covenants 
The Lending Company has covenanted to comply with certain financial and other covenants.  
Indemnities and penalties 
The Lending Company has agreed to pay the contractual penalties to Mintos, to the SPV, or the Issuer, 
as required by the Cooperation Agreement, for breach of certain obligations indicated in the 
Cooperation Agreement. 
Each of the Issuer, the SPV, the Lending Company and Mintos has indemnified the others against any 
and all losses suffered by or incurred by the others arising out of or resulting from its breach under the 
Cooperation Agreement. 
Material Events of Default 
The Cooperation Agreement contains an exhaustive list of events that constitute Material Events of 
Default. Material Events of Default under the Cooperation Agreement include events like: 
(a) non-payment by the Lending Company under the Transaction Documents; 
(b) the Lending Company’s non-compliance with the adjusted equity ratio set in the Cooperation 
Agreement; 
(c) events with respect to various other obligations: failure to fulfil some other obligations of the 
Cooperation Agreement; occurrence of a material event of default under other obligations 
referred to in the Cooperation Agreement;  
(d) an event of default, as such term is defined in this Base Prospectus, occurs, which such event 
of default is caused by fault, action or failure to act of the Lending Company and/or Pledgor; 
(e) any security documents (if any) having become invalid, unenforceable or likewise events 
occurring with respect to them as agreed in the Cooperation Agreement; 
(f) insolvency or insolvency proceedings of the Lending Company or Pledgor occurs; 
(g) a creditor’s process as agreed in the Cooperation Agreement is taking place;  
(h) misrepresentation by the Lending Company with respect to the information in this Base 
Prospectus that is sourced from the Lending Company and the later is responsible for;  
(i) cross-default and cross-acceleration or certain financial liabilities; 
(j) occurrence of circumstances in the area of AML (Anti Money Laundering) or sanctions non-
compliance that require termination of cooperation with the Lending Company; 
(k) cessation of business by the Lending Company or the Pledgor. 
(l) the Lending Company failed to register (perfect) the Pledge Agreement.

--- Page 38 ---
37 
 
The above is not a precise wording of the Cooperation Agreement provisions on the Material Event of 
Default, it is just a description of their essence. 
If any Material Event of Default occurs, Mintos may stop: 
(a)  
the execution of sales of the Loan Receivables to the Issuer; 
(b)  
the placement of the Notes on the Platform; and 
(c)  
the processing of submitted but not yet executed orders for subscription of the Notes.  
Upon occurrence of a Material Event of Default Mintos may require the Lending Company to 
Repurchase all the Loan Receivables transferred to the Issuer.  
Also, if a Material Event of Default occurs Mintos may change the servicer of the Loan Receivables.  
Whether to exercise any or all of the above rights that Mintos has if any Material Event of Default occurs, 
is a decision that Mintos makes, acting as an authorized representative of the Issuer and the SPV in 
their  best interests. It may be that even if a Material Event of Default has occurred, it may be cured or 
does not negatively affect the ability of the Lending Company to comply with its obligations under the 
Cooperation Agreement, or there are other legitimate reasons why Mintos should not exercise the said 
rights. 
Term and termination 
The Cooperation Agreement continues until all liabilities of the Issuer, SPV, the Lending Company and 
Mintos according to its provisions are fully satisfied.  
Governing law 
The Cooperation Agreement and any non-contractual obligations arising out of, or in connection with it,  
is governed by and will be construed in accordance with the laws of the Republic of Latvia. 
▪ 
The Credit Line Agreement (also defined as the Cooperation Agreement 
on Issuance of Loans) and SPV Loan Agreements 
General 
The Credit Line Agreement is constructed as a revolving facility agreement whereunder the Lending 
Company may receive Loans from the SPV within a maximum limit which as of the date of first Notes’ 
issue hereunder is set at EUR 10 000 000 (ten million euro). Each Loan under the SPV Loan Agreement 
cannot exceed 90% of the amount of the Borrower’s Loan that is indicated by the Lending Company as 
the source of repayment of the Loan. 
Given that there is another credit line agreement concluded between the SPV and the Lending 
Company, which was concluded to serve for the purpose of providing loans for investment under the 
setup of concluding the assignment agreements, maximum limit of the said EUR 80 000 000 (eighty 
million euro) is the maximum of all loans advanced by the SPV to the Lending Company that can be 
outstanding – under the Credit Line Agreement, as well as any other agreement with the SPV. 
Rights and obligations of the parties

--- Page 39 ---
38 
 
The Lending Company is entitled to request disbursement of the Loans from the SPV with the available 
maximum limit, provided that the conditions precedent for such disbursements as agreed are met. 
Requests are made by the Lending Company sending information to Mintos according to the 
Cooperation Agreement through API about the Borrower’s Loan it offers as the source of repayment. If 
the conditions precedent are not met, or other agreed circumstances occur, such as a Material Event 
of Default as such is defined in the Cooperation Agreement occurs, the SPV may refuse granting of 
Loans and hence the SPV Loan Agreement may not be concluded and the disbursement of the Loan 
would not take place.  
When the SPV Loan Agreement is concluded the Loan is not immediately disbursed in full by the 
Lending Company. The Loan is advanced to the Lending Company in instalments. The instalments 
become committed by the SPV to the Lending Company when amounts are paid by the Noteholders 
for the Notes that the Loan is backing. On the Loan amount that is committed by the SPV, interest on 
reservation of the loan accrues, but on the Loan amount that is disbursed interest for use of the loan 
accrues. The rate for both interests is the same.  
The SPV and the Lending Company have agreed that the Loans can be advanced to the Lending 
Company either by cash transfer to the SPV’s bank account or by the SPV setting off the amounts that 
have become due and payable from the Lending Company against the Loans that the SPV has become 
obliged to advance. 
Term and termination 
The Credit Line Agreement continues until all liabilities of the Lending Company according to its 
provisions are fully satisfied.  
Governing law 
The Credit Line Agreement and the SPV Loan Agreements and any non-contractual obligations arising 
out of, or in connection with, it is governed by and will be construed in accordance with the laws of the 
Republic of Latvia. 
▪ 
The Pledge Agreement 
General 
Parties to the Pledge Agreement amended, restated and/or supplemented from time to time (“the 
Pledge Agreement”) are the Lending Company as a Pledgor and the SPV as a Pledgee (“the Parties”). 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus and the commencement of the issuance of the Notes, the 
Pledge Agreement might not yet be signed and registered in the Central Register of the Special 
Pledges with the Minister of Justice of the Republic of Kazakhstan. The Parties have agreed in 
the Cooperation Agreement that the Pledge Agreement as described herein will be established 
however, due to the time needed for all of the formalities it is not a condition precedent for the 
issuance of the Notes to start. 
According to the provisions of the Pledge Agreement in order to secure all obligations of the Lending 
Company towards the SPV under or in connection with the Cooperation Agreement on Issuance of 
Loans and SPV Loan Agreements (the “Principal Agreements”), including, inter alia, possible expenses 
that are related to the maintenance, and storage of the pledged assets, expenses regarding 
enforcement of the pledge, including sale of the pledged assets (“Secured Obligations”), the Pledgor

--- Page 40 ---
39 
 
has agreed to create a first rank security in favour of the Pledgee over the pledged assets (as defined 
further) (the “Pledge”). 
Object of the Pledge under the Pledge Agreement – all rights of claim, regardless of the nature thereof, 
including rights of claim in respect of the principal amount, interest, default interest, commissions, 
compensation for expenses and costs, payment of damages and any other amounts due under the 
Borrowers' Loan Agreements, whether actual, future or contingent, whether owed jointly or severally, 
and whether subordinated or not, owed by the Borrowers to the Pledgor under all Borrowers' Loan 
Agreements valid and effective on the date of the foreclosure together with, to the largest extent 
permitted by applicable laws, any accessory rights, claims or actions, including any security interest or 
rights under applicable laws, attaching to such claims or granted to the Pledgor as security for such 
claims in particular, arising from the Borrowers' Loan Agreements included in the list of pledged ssets, 
but not excluding all rights of claim regardless of the nature thereof (including rights of claim in respect 
of the principal amount, interest, default interest, commissions, compensation for expenses and costs, 
payment of damages and any other amounts due, whether actual, future or contingent, whether owed 
jointly or severally, and whether subordinated or not, owed by the Borrowers to the Pledgor also in 
respect to all and any other Borrowers' Loan Agreements, if the Borrowers' Loan Agreements as 
particularly listed under the list of Pledged Assets do not secure Pledgor’s obligations under the 
Principal Agreements within the amount of outstanding obligations. (“Pledged Assets”).  
The Parties agree to update and substitute the list of Pledged Assets once per 3 (three) months. 
Representations and warranties 
The Pledge Agreement contains several representations and warranties made by the Pledgor. The 
Pledgor has represented and warranted, including, but not limited to the SPV that: 
(a) it has full rights with respect to the Pledged Assets, that the Pledged Assets are not sold 
(assigned), gifted, provided as a consideration, pledged to any other third person, there are no 
disputes regarding the ownership thereof or restrictions or prohibitions for alienation, pledge, 
use or direction of recovery thereof towards it, the Pledged Assets are free from claims of third 
persons and it is not subject to a court freeze or similar restriction; 
(b) when entering into any Borrower's Loan Agreement with the Borrower, such Borrower's Loan 
Agreement and the potential claim rights shall be permitted to be pledged and assignable in 
compliance with the terms of the Pledge Agreement, the Borrowers were notified about the 
pledge of the rights of claim to them and provided their consents for disclosure of any 
information about them and their Borrowers' Loan Agreements required under the Pledge 
Agreement and for the disclosure and cross-border transfer of their personal data. The Pledgor 
shall have an unrestricted right to pledge under the Pledge Agreement the claim rights deriving 
from the Borrowers' Loan Agreements comprising the Pledged Assets; 
(c) the Pledgor is and shall remain a possessor of the Pledged Assets until the Pledgee enforces 
the pledge and forecloses on such Pledged in accordance with the Pledge Agreement; 
(d) entry into the Pledge Agreement does not violate the rights of any third person, legal acts, 
permits, judgements or orders of the court or any competent authority that are binding on the 
Pledgor or applicable to the commercial activity of the Pledgor. 
The Pledgor undertook under the Pledge Agreement the following: 
(a) the Pledgor shall not without receipt of a written consent of the Pledgee sell, assign, exchange, 
give an option over, pledge, donate, alienate, invest in the share capital or encumber the 
Pledged Assets in any way;

--- Page 41 ---
40 
 
(b) the Pledgor shall not without receipt of a written consent of the Pledgee use the Pledged Assets 
contrary to the interests of the Pledgee, as well as perform any actions which may result in the 
material (more than 10%) decrease of the value of the Pledged Assets. 
Obligations of the Pledgor 
The Pledge Agreement contains several obligations of the Pledgor. Inter alia the Pledgor has committed 
to the following main obligations: 
(a) to submit the Pledge Agreement for registration with the non-commercial joint-stock company 
“State Corporation “Government for Citizens” or registering a state authority or any its 
predecessors or successors in respect of the registration of pledges of the rights of claim;  
(b) to take all and any actions in respect of registration of any amendments to the Pledge 
Agreement in the authorised body of the Republic of Kazakhstan; 
(c) that the Pledgee or its authorised representative shall be entitled to receive reliable and 
accurate information about the Pledged Assets from the Pledgor; 
(d) upon request of the Pledgee, without unreasonable delay, to submit to the Pledgee any 
information and copies of the documents requested by him in relation to the Pledged Assets 
and compliance with other provisions of the Pledge Agreement; 
(e) to agree and to sign the amendments to the Pledge Agreement or other documents and to carry 
out any other activities, as may be requested by the Pledgee based on the changes in the 
applicable laws and/or amendments to any of the Principal Agreements, in order to secure and 
preserve the security interest of the Pledgee to the Pledged Assets; 
(f) to protect the Pledgee’s rights relating to the Pledged Assets in case they are contested by 
other creditors, and to compensate to the Pledgee any losses incurred by the Pledgee in case 
the Pledged Assets would be disposed of or lost in any other manner; 
(g) in case of enforcement of the Pledge Agreement and foreclosing on the Pledged Assets by the 
Pledgee, to transfer the possession of the Pledged Assets to the Pledgee or any person 
designated by the Pledgee including the Pledgee's Agent. 
Enforcement of the Pledge 
The Pledgee has the right to enforce the Pledge and foreclose on the Pledged Assets within the amount 
of Pledgor’s non-performed obligations by sending a written notice to the Pledgor if any event of default 
has occurred under the Principal Agreements. 
Upon receiving the Pledgee’s written notice on the foreclosure on the Pledged Assets the Pledgor shall 
send to the Pledgee, the list of all rights of claim against the Borrowers that comprise the Pledged 
Assets as of the date of receiving the notice on the foreclosure on the Pledged Assets, originals of all 
the documents that comprise the legal basis for the Pledged Assets.   
If the Pledgor receives any money and payments from the Borrowers under the Borrowers' Loan 
Agreements after it receives the notice on the foreclosure from the Pledgee, the Pledgor must forthwith 
transfer any such money and payments in the form received to such accounts of the Pledgee as the 
Pledgee may from time to time designate in writing to the Pledgor and notify each Borrower to whom 
and in what manner the subsequent payments must be made. 
After the transfer and assignment of the Pledged Assets to the Pledgee, the Pledgee will exercise all 
rights and benefits of the lender under the relevant Loan Agreements and, inter alia, will be entitled to 
receive the repayments of principal, interest and any fines, penalties and default interest from the 
Borrowers thereunder.

--- Page 42 ---
41 
 
For the avoidance of any doubt, the Parties agreed that the enforcement of the Pledge and the 
foreclosure on the Pledged Assets as set above shall be performed as an extrajudicial procedure. 
Governing law 
The Pledge Agreement and any non-contractual obligations arising out of, or in connection with, it is 
governed by and shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the Republic of Kazakhstan. 
▪ 
The Subordination Agreement 
General 
Parties to the Subordination Agreement (amended, restated and/or supplemented from time to time) 
are the Issuer, SPV, Mintos (the “Creditors”), and certain legal entities who act as the junior creditors 
(the “Junior Creditors”), and the Lending Company (hereinafter - the Parties). 
According to the provisions of the Subordination Agreement the Parties agree to subordinate the 
repayment obligations of the Lending Company of the debt towards the Junior Creditors (“Junior 
Liabilities”) under the loan agreements between the Junior Creditors and the Lending Company 
(“Corporate Loan Agreements”) and to establish the outstanding loans under the Corporate Loan 
Agreement as the Junior Liabilities comparing to the obligations of the Lending Company towards the 
Issuer, SPV and Mintos under the Cooperation Agreement, and towards SPV under the Cooperation 
Agreement on Issuance of Loans together with all liabilities arising from any refinancing, deferral or 
extension of any of the above-mentioned liabilities and any claim for damages or restitution or arising 
as a result of any recovery of a payment or recovery of discharge on the grounds of preference in 
respect of the above-mentioned liabilities (“Senior Liabilities”) which shall be ranked senior to the Junior 
Liabilities. 
The Lending Company and the Junior Creditors undertake to amend the Corporate Loan Agreements 
and ensure that the Junior Liabilities shall become due and payable on the first Business Day occurring 
after the date on which all Senior Liabilities have been fully and irrevocably paid to Mintos, SPV and the 
Issuer and the Cooperation Agreement and the Cooperation Agreement on Issuance of Loans have 
terminated or the date occurring in 10 (ten) years after the repayment date under the Corporate Loan 
Agreements (whichever occurs earlier). 
Subordination Agreement defines an amount of the outstanding loans subordinated thereof, certain 
obligations of the Junior Creditors and the Lending Company, and sets certain conditions on the treating 
of the Senior Liabilities in any winding up, bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganisation, composition of debts 
or similar proceedings or arrangement commenced by or against the Lending Company. 
Rights and obligations 
The Lending Company and the Junior Creditors undertake to ensure that there is no breach of the 
provisions of the Subordination Agreement.  
Moreover, the Lending Company shall not: 
a)  
repay or prepay any principal, or pay any interest, default interest, contractual penalties, fees 
or commissions or other similar payments on, or by reference to, all or any of the Junior Liabilities; 
b)  
grant any security, guarantee or other assurance in respect of the Junior Liabilities;

--- Page 43 ---
42 
 
c)  
take any action or step related to the bankruptcy, liquidation or reorganisation of the Lending 
Company, or any action or step which might lead to termination or adversely affect the subordination 
under the Subordination Agreement; 
d)  
exercise any set-off in relation to the Junior Liabilities 
e)      take or omit to take any action or step whereby the subordination of all or any of the Junior 
Liabilities might be terminated, impaired or adversely affected. 
The Junior Creditors shall not assign or otherwise transfer claims arising out of the Corporate Loan 
Agreements, and the Lending Company and the junior Creditors shall not make any amendments and 
not enter into any additional agreement related to the Corporate Loan Agreements without a written 
consent Mintos. 
The Junior Creditors shall not without the prior written consent of Mintos: 
a)  
receive any payment made by the Lending Company in relation to the Junior Liabilities; 
b)  
demand or accept any security, guarantee or any other assurance in relation to the Junior 
Liabilities, or assign or otherwise dispose any of its rights against the Lending Company in relation to 
the Junior Liabilities; 
c)  
take any action or step related to i) commence any proceeding or actions against the Lending 
Company in relation to the Junior Liabilities; ii) to the bankruptcy, liquidation or reorganisation of the 
Lending Company; iii) or any action or step which might lead to termination or adversely affect the 
subordination under the Subordination Agreement; 
d)  
exercise any set-off in relation to the Junior Liabilities. 
As an exception, the Lending Company shall be entitled to make to the Junior Creditors any payment, 
and the Junior Creditors shall be entitled to receive such payment, under the Corporate Loan 
Agreements: (i) in circumstances where the adjusted equity ratio covenant as per the Cooperation 
Agreement is met immediately after the Lending Company makes such payment to the Junior Creditors; 
and (ii) otherwise in amounts, and at such times, as may be agreed by the Creditors 
Under the terms of the Subordination Agreement, if any payment or other kinds of performance of an 
obligation, which is made by the Lending Company to an affiliate of the Junior Creditors shall be deemed 
as a payment or other performance made to discharge Junior Liabilities unless the Lending Company 
or the Junior Creditors prove otherwise. 
If the Junior Creditors have received the payments towards the settlement of the Junior Liabilities prior 
to the Lending Company having fulfilled all of its liabilities towards Mintos, SPV and the Issuer, the 
Juniior Creditors shall immediately notify Mintos of such fact and transfer the respective amount in 7 
days from the date of the respective Mintos notice. 
Liability 
From breach of certain provisions of the Subordination Agreement, the violating party pays to Mintos a 
contractual penalty in the amount established under the Subordination Agreement. If the provisions of 
the Subordination Agreement are breached by the Lending Company and the Junior Creditors, they 
shall be both jointly and severally liable for the breached and payment of the penalty. The penalty shall 
be paid in 5 (five) Business Days.

--- Page 44 ---
43 
 
The Mintos shall not be liable for any losses arising in connection with the exercise or purported exercise 
of any of their rights, power and discretion under or related to the Subordination Agreement except for 
any losses arising due to gross negligence or their wilful misconduct. 
Term and termination 
The Subordination Agreement commences on the signing of the Subordination Agreement by the 
Parties and is in full force and effect until the Lending Company has fulfilled the liabilities arising from 
the Cooperation Agreement and the Cooperation Agreement on Issuance of Loans in full. 
Governing law 
The Subordination Agreement and any non-contractual obligations arising out of, or in connection with, 
it is governed by and shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the Republic of Latvia.

--- Page 45 ---
44 
 
5. 
THE ISSUER 
o 
General 
The Issuer is a special purpose undertaking established for the sole purpose of issuing and offering 
Notes to Investors on the Platform, which are backed by the Loan Receivables acquired from the 
Lending Company. The Issuer does not take part in any other business activities.  
The Issuer is incorporated as a limited liability company and registered in the Commercial Register of 
the Enterprise Register of the Republic of Latvia on 27 April 2022 under the name SIA Mintos Finance 
No.27 with registration number 40203396269. It operates under the laws of the Republic of Latvia and 
has its registered office at Skanstes street 52, Riga, LV-1013, Latvia. The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) 
of the Issuer is: 98450096A9A6AENC4C09. 
The registered share capital of the Issuer is EUR 2800 consisting of 2800 shares each having a nominal 
value of EUR 1. Each share is entitled to one vote. The sole shareholder of the Issuer is SIA Mintos 
Capital Management, registration No 40203178505.  
 
The Issuer has no subsidiaries and does not own any shares or equity. The Issuer is managed by the 
Management Board, the members being appointed by the sole shareholder of the Issuer. 
Title 
Name 
Other roles 
Chairman of the 
Management Board 
Martins Sulte 
Chairman of the Management Board of AS Mintos 
Holdings, SIA Mintos Capital Management, SPV and 
Mintos 
Member of the 
Management Board 
Martins Valters 
Member of the Management Board of AS Mintos 
Holdings, SIA Mintos Capital Management, SPV and 
Mintos 
For so long as the Notes of any Series remain outstanding or Notes may be issued under the 
Programme, the current articles of association (Statutes) of the Issuer can be accessed on 
www.mintos.com.

--- Page 46 ---
45 
 
o 
Activities 
The activities of the Issuer are as follows: 
● 
issue and publicly offer Notes to the Investors, including preparation, submission to the FCMC 
and publication on the Platform of this Base Prospectus; 
 
● 
purchases of Loan Receivables from the SPV arising from the Loans issued to the Lending 
Company; 
 
● 
payments under the Notes through Mintos, subject to receiving relevant funds from the SPV 
and/or Lending Company; and 
 
● 
publication of financial and other information to Investors in accordance with applicable law. 
o 
Financial information 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has not commenced any operations, and accordingly, 
no financial statements have been prepared. The financial statements will be prepared in accordance 
with the Latvian Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP). 
For accounting purposes, Loan Receivables are classified as a pass-through of a financial asset under 
International Financial Reporting Standard (IFRS) 9 3.2.5. 
The appointed auditors of the Issuer for the financial year 2022 are "KPMG Baltics SIA", registered in 
the Republic of Latvia on 16 December 1994 with registration number 40003235171. 
o 
Authorisation 
The establishment of this Programme and the issue of Notes have been duly authorised by decisions 
of the sole shareholder of the Issuer on 10.06.2022.  
o 
Significant or material change 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, there has been no significant or material change in the financial 
position of the Issuer since the date of incorporation of the Issuer.  
o 
Litigation 
The Issuer (whether as a defendant or otherwise) is not and has not been involved in any governmental, 
legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of 
which the Issuer is aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus which may 
have, or have in such period had, a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer.

--- Page 47 ---
46 
 
6. 
MINTOS 
Mintos, under the name AS Mintos Marketplace, was registered as a joint-stock company on 1 June 
2015 in the Commercial Register, Enterprises Register of the Republic of Latvia with the unified 
registration number 40103903643.  
All the shares in Mintos are held by AS Mintos Holdings. 
Mintos has been authorised as an investment firm by the FCMC on 17 August 2021 to provide following 
investment services and ancillary services: 
● 
execution of orders on behalf of clients; 
● 
dealing on own account; 
● 
portfolio management; 
● 
investment advice; 
● 
placing of financial instruments without a firm commitment basis; 
● 
holding of financial instruments; 
● 
currency exchange services, if they are related to the provision of investment services; 
● 
providing investment research, financial analysis or other general advice regarding transactions 
in financial instruments; and 
● 
provision of services related to the initial placement of financial instruments. 
Mintos provides services in Latvia. Mintos has not commenced provision of services in other countries 
as of the date of this Base Prospectus but may do so during the validity period of this Base Prospectus. 
Cash funds of Investors are held by Mintos with one of the partner banks including AS LHV Pank 
(Estonia) and AS Baltic International Bank (Latvia). 
Mintos owns and operates the Platform which is the technical infrastructure through which (a) the 
Lending Company sells Loan Receivables to the Issuer, (b) the Issuer offers and sells Notes to Investors 
and (c) information exchange and money flows occur between Investors, the Issuer and the Lending 
Company. 
o 
Key activities performed by Mintos with respect to Notes are as follows: 
● 
Opens and services Investment Accounts for investors and (a) carries out anti-money 
laundering, combating the financing of terrorism and know your client policies and procedures, 
(b) carries out appropriateness and suitability tests, (c) responsible for compliance with product 
governance requirements and (d) informs Investors regarding the risks inherent in the products 
and services depending on the status of the Investor. 
● 
Prepares this Base Prospectus and engages lawyers and other advisors and submits it to the 
FCMC for approval.

--- Page 48 ---
47 
 
● 
Operates the Platform for (a) Investors to acquire Notes, exchange currencies related to 
investment services and transactions with Notes and receive automated portfolio management 
services and (b) the Issuer and the Lending Company to transfer title in the Loan Receivables 
and exchange information in relation to the Loan Receivables. 
● 
Acts as an assignment, placement, calculation, transfer and paying agent for the Notes 
including (a) transfer of funds to the Issuer following placement of Notes, (b) settlement of 
payments due between the Issuer and the Lending Company, (c) payments to the Investment 
Accounts, (d) provides information regarding Investors to the Issuer to calculate any withholding 
taxes on payments and (e) provides information on Payment Events through API from the 
Lending Company. 
● 
Maintains the register of Noteholders. 
● 
Complies with the Transaction Documents including monitoring of compliance of the Lending 
Company with the covenants and other provisions of the Transaction Documents. See the 
section entitled ‘4. TRANSACTION OVERVIEW – TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS’ of this Base 
Prospectus for more information. 
● 
Prepares and submits reports for legal and regulatory purposes to the FCMC, the Latvian State 
Revenue Service and others.

--- Page 49 ---
48 
 
7. 
THE SPV (LENDER) 
o 
Business overview 
The SPV is a special purpose undertaking established for the sole purpose of issuing loans to the 
Lending Company as well as several other lending companies that Mintos cooperates with and selling 
those loans to the issuers for issuance of financial instruments as well as directly to the investors on 
Mintos Platform when the investors make investments by way of assignment agreements. Loan 
Receivables sold to the Issuer back the Notes issued and offered to Investors on the Platform. The SPV 
does not take part in any other business activities.  
The SPV is incorporated as a limited liability company and registered in the Register of Enterprises of 
the Republic of Latvia on 29 September 2016 under the name SIA Mintos Finance with registration 
number 40203022549. It operates under the laws of the Republic of Latvia and has its registered office 
at Skanstes 50, Riga, LV-1013, Latvia. 
The share capital of the SPV is EUR 2800 consisting of 2800 shares having a nominal value of EUR 1 
per share, which are fully paid up. Each share is entitled to one vote. The sole shareholder of the SPV 
is AS Mintos Holdings. 
The SPV has no subsidiaries and does not own any shares or equity. 
The SPV is managed by the Management Board, the members being appointed by AS Mintos Holdings 
as the sole shareholder of the SPV. 
Title 
Name 
Other roles 
Chairman 
Martins 
Sulte 
Chairman of the Management Board of AS Mintos Holdings, Mintos, SIA 
Mintos Capital Management and Issuer 
Member 
Martins 
Valters 
Member of the Management Board of AS Mintos Holdings, Mintos, SIA 
Mintos Capital Management and Issuer 
 
o 
Activities 
The activities of the SPV are as follows: 
● 
issue Loans to the Lending Company and loans to other lending companies that use Platform; 
● 
sell Loan Receivables that arise from Loans to the Issuer; 
● 
transfer Loan repayment received from the Lending Company to the Issuer; 
● 
publication of financial and other information to Investors in accordance with applicable law. 
o 
Loans 
The Lending Company issues Borrowers’ Loans to Borrowers, then requests disbursement of a loan 
from the SPV in amount that is no more than 90% of the principal amount of each Borrower’s Loan, and 
then the SPV sells the relevant Loan Receivables to the Issuer. The Issuer issues a Series of Notes 
corresponding to these Loan Receivables to Investors via Mintos. When an Investor purchases any 
Note of the Series, the Investment Accounts are credited with the Note and debited with the purchase

--- Page 50 ---
49 
 
price of the Note. The purchase price is transferred to the SPV. After receipt of the purchase price the 
SPV makes the disbursement of Loan to the Lending Company. 
Loans issued by the SPV to the Lending Company have the same schedule as the Borrowers' Loans 
to which the repayment of Loans is tied to. Hence, the average Loan term and its range are expected 
to be the same as described in the Section No. 10.THE BORROWER’S LOANS. As the Loan cannot 
be more than 90% of the principal amount of the Borrower’s Loan to which the repayment of the Loan 
is tied to, the average Loan amount and its term is expected to be no more than 90% of the values 
described in the Section No. 4. TRANSACTION OVERVIEW. 
Loans are secured by a pledge as described under the Transaction Documents section. 
o 
Financial information 
The latest available reviewed historical financial statements of the SPV prepared in accordance with 
the law “On Accounting” and the “Law on the Annual Financial Statements and Consolidated Financial 
Statements” is available on Mintos website: 
 
● 
Reviewed financial statements 2020  
 
Independent Auditors’ Review Report includes the following Emphasis of Matter: 
“We draw attention to section Accounting principles of Note 2 to the financial statements Summary of 
accounting principles used, which describes that comparatives for the year ended 31 December 2019 
disclosed in the attached financial statements were adjusted. Our opinion is not qualified in respect of 
this matter.” 
 
According to Clause 23 of the Law on the Suppression of Consequences of the Spread of COVID-19 
Infection, the deadline for preparation and submission of 2021 financial reports has been prolonged to 
June 30th, 2022. The 2021 financial report of SPV will be published on the website www.mintos.com 
 
o 
Auditors 
The appointed auditors of the SPV for the financial year 2020 was "KPMG Baltics SIA" (previously 
"KPMG Baltic AS"), registered in the Republic of Latvia on 16 December 1994 with registration number 
40003235171. 
o 
Litigation 
The SPV (whether as a defendant or otherwise) is not and has not been involved in any governmental, 
legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of 
which the SPV is aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus which may have, 
or have in such period had, a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the SPV.

--- Page 51 ---
50 
 
8. 
THE LENDING COMPANY 
o 
Business overview 
Founded in 01.08.2016, the Lending Company works in Kazakhstan under the “Solva” trademark. The 
Lending Company’s core business is provision of loans to individuals, small and medium-scale business 
entities for the amounts between KZT 200,000 and KZT 4,000,000, for a period between 6 months and 
5 years, at the fee rates not exceeding the limit rates permitted by the National Bank of the Republic of 
Kazakhstan. The effective interest rate for the Borrower loans is about 56% per year. 
The Lending Company’s business activity is subject to licensing starting from 1 January 2021. The 
Lending Company has successfully received the licence on 1 March 2021, in accordance with the 
Licensing Regulation issued by the Agency of the Republic of Kazakhstan for Regulation and 
Development of Financial Market, licence number 02.21.0004.M.  
The microloans and small and medium-scale businesses (SME) loans are issued based on credit 
scoring, without a pledge and security. The Lending Company’s products are characterised by high 
availability in the regions, as well as the speed of approval and issue. Though the Lending Company is 
the first digital microfinance business in Kazakhstan working online, it also successfully distributes credit 
products via networks of third-party offline agents and shops. 
In 2019, the Lending Company expanded its business by launching the new product – loans for the 
small and medium-scale businesses (SME). After a thorough market research, it was discovered that 
many entrepreneurs are in need of financing and are underbanked. High street banks often do not 
consider SMEs as an attractive segment for lending services. The Lending Company’s new product is 
aimed at boosting the development of small and medium-scale businesses in the country, with financing 
terms that are simple and understandable for every entrepreneur: (1) fast and easy – minimum 
documents required, substantially less paperwork; (2) no pledge – it is not required to pledge property 
or to attract sureties; (3) convenient – no need to visit office, as all the process could be completed 
online; (4) for any purposes – business development, replenishment of working assets or cash 
deficiency. In 2021, the Company increased the maximum loan value for SMEs to KZT10 m and 
maximum loan term to 5 years. Currently, the maximum loan value is KZT10 m.  
To avoid risks, besides classic instruments, the Lending Company actively uses all possible parameters 
to analyse the Borrower: fraud-scoring, behavioural biometrics, “digital footprint” in the Internet. Since 
inception, over 5,300 entrepreneurs have become Lending Company’s customers. SME loans became 
the Company’s premium product and the most attractive for investing due to its low non-performing 
loans (NPL) ratio combined with high loan value. 
The Lending Company’s lending areas are two - lending to SME’s, where loan amounts are up to KZT 
10m and consumer lending to individuals for up to 5 years, where loan amount is from KZT 200k to KZT 
4m. 
The Lending Company uses the following principles for its loan products: 
● 
Fast – simple registration with a minimum number of certificates, 
● 
No collateral – no need to mortgage property or attract guarantors, 
● 
Convenient – no need to visit the office – an application can be made online, 
● 
For any purpose – business development, replenishment of working capital or cash gap.

--- Page 52 ---
51 
 
o 
Business strategy description 
Lending Company’s mission is “Introduction and development of convenient, accessible and high-tech 
financial services that allow receiving loans in the shortest possible time anywhere where there is the 
Internet access, and to promote the growth of financial literacy of the population.” 
 
Lending Company’s vision of a place in the industry is “In the future, the Lending Company intends to 
retain its leading position in the segment of the provision of high-tech financial services in the financial 
market of Kazakhstan.” 
 
In its activities, the Lending Company is guided by the following values: 
● 
Responsible Lending: The Lending Company is confident that a lender should not 
mislead a customer using fine print and other tricks. Using a customer-oriented 
approach, we do not just provide quick processing of user requests through technical 
support service. 
● 
Compliance with the Laws: The Lending Company actively interacts with national and 
international financial regulators to create a regulatory environment in the interests of 
consumers of financial services and companies. The priority of the Lending Company 
is strict compliance with the requirements of the Kazakhstan legislation. 
● 
Implementation of Advanced Technologies: services and experience of the Lending 
Company are provided using advanced and high-tech innovative solutions, including 
artificial intelligence, computer-aided learning, Big Data, behavioural biometrics and 
others. 
● 
Increasing the Level of Financial Literacy: the use of the Lending Company’s products 
and services implies an increase in the financial literacy of its customers; the Lending 
Company regularly holds events aimed at improving the financial literacy of 
Kazakhstanis. 
● 
Charity and Social Responsibility: The Lending Company regularly provides various 
types of support to the low-income population, provides financial assistance to young 
sportsmen, and supports veterans. It carries out this activity independently and in 
partnership with various charitable organizations. 
 
Lending Company’s first strategic priority is to achieve unconditional leadership in lending to SMEs 
using advanced financial technologies and the steps that the Lending Company is taking to achieve this 
are: 
● 
Serving micro and small businesses using consumer products for business needs and 
having difficult access to bank financing; 
● 
Refinancing loans under the better conditions; 
● 
Focus on online channels; 
● 
Development of a partner network; 
● 
Meeting all the needs of borrowers, including covering cash gaps, replenishment of 
working capital and long-term financing; 
● 
Full automation assuming a decision to issue a loan made in no more than 5 minutes; 
and 
● 
Improving operating efficiency through the implementation of automated and robotic 
solutions. 
Lending Company’s second strategic priority is to achieve unconditional leadership in the consumer 
microcredit market and the steps that the Lending Company is taking to achieve this are: 
● 
Increasing customer awareness of the product; 
● 
The most convenient conditions for the customer;

--- Page 53 ---
52 
 
● 
Focus on online attraction channels, including mobile applications; 
● 
Consumer loyalty: an increase in the number of repeat customer requests, including through 
bonus programs; 
● 
Using exclusive data for scoring; and 
● 
Improving operating efficiency through the implementation of automated and robotic solutions. 
 
o 
Borrowers’ Loans 
The Lending Company provides online personal microcredits to individuals and entrepreneurs and SME 
loans issued under the Solva brand name. The second lending product provided by the Lending 
Company, being SME loans, is not subject to this Base Prospectus and Notes, so is not to be described 
hereof. The Solva project is part of the IDF Eurasia financial group, the largest online lending service in 
Russia and Kazakhstan. The average loan amount is approximately 720,000 KZT. The average term 
of the loans is 27 months, and it ranges from 3 to 60 months. The average APR is 53% and it ranges 
from 45% to 56%. The Loan currency is Kazakhstani tenge (KZT). 
o 
Financial information 
The latest available audited financial information (prepared according to International Financial 
Reporting Standards (IFRS)) of the Lending Company is available on Mintos website (the currency used 
in the financial reports is Kazakhstani Tenge (KZT)):  
Audited financials 2020 
Audited financials 2021  
o 
Auditors 
The statutory auditors of the Annual Financial Statements for the financial years ended 31 December 
2020 and 31 December 2021 was Ernst & Young LLP, registration number BIN 920240000197, 
incorporated under laws of Kazakhstan, having its registered address on Al-Farabi ave., 77/7, Esentai 
Tower, Almaty, 050060, Republic of Kazakhstan. 
 
o 
External credit ratings 
On April 14, 2022, S&P Global Ratings lowered its long- and short-term issuer credit ratings on the 
Lending Company to 'CCC+/C' from 'B/B' and placed them on CreditWatch with developing implications 
on Weaker Operating Environment In Russia And Kazakhstan. 
o 
Litigation 
The Lending Company (whether as a defendant or otherwise) is not and has not been involved in any 
governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or 
threatened of which the Lending Company is aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of this Base 
Prospectus which may have, or have in such period had, a significant effect on the financial position or 
profitability of the Lending Company.

--- Page 54 ---
53 
 
o 
Borrowers’ Loans issuance process 
The loan issuance process in the Lending Company includes the following steps: (i) Customer 
registration and loan application, (ii) Customer identification, (iii) AML/CFT compliance, (iv) Fraud 
check, (v) Credit check, (vi) Loan agreement signing.  
o 
Borrowers’ Loans underwriting 
The majority of the Lending Company’s customer applications come from online web profile-based 
applications.  
During the Loan application processing, the preliminary data in each application are cross-checked and 
supplemented. If needed, the potential borrower is asked for further information, preliminary fraud and 
blacklists/PEP list checks are performed. During the Loan application processing, the most important 
steps are the verification of the potential borrower’s eligibility for the Lending Company's financing, 
based on the information related to the borrower’s financial, economic, sociodemographic information 
and credit history. During the loan underwriting process, the system automatically validates it against 
the official databases to ensure its authenticity.  
 
 
The Lending Company’s credit check includes a collection of traditional credit bureau data, income 
information, and alternative data sources. The Lending Company collects alternative data about the 
customer and loan application, such as user activity on the web pages, email reputation from global 
networks, activities in social networks and social network presence, available information from public 
governmental institutions, legal proceedings, criminal records, emigration notes and asset seizure 
information as well as information stored in the internal blacklist. 
o 
Loans issuance and disbursement 
A loan application is approved if the above-described checks are successful. After a message of loan 
application approval is communicated to a customer, the customer is directed to the OLending 
Company’s website to execute a legally binding automatically generated online loan agreement. In case 
the loan application is done via an offline agent, the agreement is signed in person. The Lending 
Company disburses loans to the customers by way of a bank transfer. 
o 
Debt recovery management 
The Lending Company has developed an efficient repayment collection process consisting of two main 
steps. 
The collection process is started before the payment date when automated reminders through different 
communication channels (e.g., SMS) are sent out. In case the payment is not received the collection is 
continued by the recovery agent who is working with the client up to 90 days past due. The aim of the 
first stage is to find a common ground with the borrower and receive the repayment or agree on a viable 
repayment schedule. 
In case the second stage collection is unsuccessful, all of the necessary documents are prepared, and 
the case is assigned to an outsourced debt collector.

--- Page 55 ---
54 
 
o 
Administrative, management and supervisory bodies 
The following table shows the main administrative, managerial and supervisory positions of the Lending 
Company. 
Name 
Position / function (date 
since) 
Education and business experience 
summary 
Boris Batin 
Supervisory Board (2021) 
CEO IDF Eurasia 15+ years of work 
experience in banking. Previously held 
various senior positions at Deutsche Bank, 
Renaissance Capital and RBS in London and 
Moscow. 
Graduated 
from 
Cambridge 
University with a degree of master’s in 
economics 
Ekaterina Kazak 
Supervisory Board (2020) 
CRO IDF Eurasia. 10+ years of work 
experience in risk management. Previously 
worked as Head of Russia & CIS Experian 
Analytics. Graduated from Moscow State 
University of Economics, Statistics and 
Informatics 
Shukhrat Sadyrov 
Supervisory Board (2021) 
Independent Director IDF Eurasia. 20+ years 
of work experience in the largest banks in 
Kazakhstan. 
Ex-Deputy 
Chairman 
at 
Eurasian Bank also held various senior 
positions at Sberbank, Halyk, Temirbank, 
ATF bank. MS in Finance and Management. 
Graduated 
from 
Cranfield 
School 
of 
Management 
(UK), 
al-Farabi 
Kazakh 
National University. 
Konstantin Barabanov 
Head of OnlineKazFinance 
(2021) 
Head 
of 
IDF 
Eurasia 
Kazakhstan 
(OnlineKazFinance 
and 
FintechFinance). 
15+ years of professional experience in 
finance in CIS and the UK. Hold various 
positions in Deloitte, ex-head of IFRS 
reporting and financial analysis at Bashneft 
O&G company. Among other projects, led 
post-merger integration of reporting function 
with Rosneft, was in-charge of the company's 
dividend strategy and led transformation 
projects. Holds MS degree in Economics 
from the Russian State University for the 
Humanities (graduated with honors). Pursued 
MBA at the London Business School in 2015. 
Anna Maximova 
General Director, Head of 
Solva, SME 
(OnlineKazFinance) (2020) 
15+ years of experience in largest banks in 
Kazakhstan. Held senior roles in Eurasian 
Bank, 
KAZKOM with 
focus on SME. 
Managed 
strategy 
development, 
new 
products launch and development (mostly 
SME products). Holds MBA from RFCA 
Academy (joint program with Comenius 
University in Prague). Graduated from 
Kokshetau University (Law school, Physics 
and Maths faculty)

--- Page 56 ---
55 
 
o 
Shareholders 
The share capital of the Lending Company is KZT 1 120 151 000 and is not divided into shares, the 
shareholder is participating by contributing funds to the share capital.  The share capital is fully paid up. 
Shareholders 
Name 
Share % 
Registration no. 
Form of control 
Domicile 
FintechFinance MFO LLP 
99.0% 
BIN 200840014753 
Direct 
Kazakhstan 
IDF HOLDING LIMITED 
1.0% 
HE317558 
Direct 
Cyprus

--- Page 57 ---
56 
 
9. 
THE LOANS 
o 
Legal nature, jurisdiction and the applicable law of the Loans  
The Loans are business loans made under the Cooperation Agreement on Issuance of Loans and the 
respective SPV Loan Agreements concluded thereunder. The Cooperation Agreement on Issuance of 
Loans is an agreement of the respective parties on a revolving credit line with a maximum amount that 
is permitted for the Loans thereunder.  
The interest for the reservation of funds and interest for use of the Loan accrue at the same rate. The 
interest for the reservation of funds accrues from the day when the SPV Loan Agreement was 
concluded until the Loan is advanced to the Lending Company, and from when the Loan is advanced 
the interest for the use of the Loan applies.  
The Cooperation Agreement on Issuance of Loans and the SPV Loan Agreements is in the English 
language.  
For more information on the Cooperation Agreement on Issuance of Loans see section entitled ‘4. 
TRANSACTION OVERVIEW – THE TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS – The Cooperation Agreement on 
Issuance of Loans’ 
o 
Repayment and maturity 
The principal amount, the interest for the reservation of funds and interest for use of the Loan are 
payable when the Borrower of the Borrower’s Loan that is the source of repayment of the respective 
Loan makes a payment thereunder to the Lending Company, however no later than until the maturity 
date set forth in the SPV Loan Agreement or as extended according to this Base Prospectus.  
If before the final maturity date set forth in the SPV Loan Agreement the Repurchase obligation or rights 
are triggered or if the Buyback Obligation applies the Lending Company has to repay the Loan together 
with the interest and other ancillary payments accrued thereon when the respective obligation or right 
is triggered, irrespective of it being before the final maturity date. 
For more information see section entitled ‘4. TRANSACTION OVERVIEW’. 
o 
Security 
The obligations of the Lending Company arising out of the Cooperation Agreement on Issuance of 
Loans and the SPV Loan Agreements are secured by a pledge established under the law of the 
Republic of Kazakhstan over the receivables of the Lending Company against its Borrowers arising out 
of the Borrower's Loan Agreements which are determined by the list attached to the Pledge Agreement, 
and that are linked to the SPV Loan Agreements. 
For more information see section entitled ‘4. TRANSACTION OVERVIEW’. 
o 
LTV (loan to value)  
The maximum LTV for the credit line issued under the Cooperation Agreement on Issuance of Loans is 
83%

--- Page 58 ---
57 
 
10. 
THE BORROWERS’ LOANS 
o 
Legal nature, jurisdiction and the applicable law of the Borrowers’ Loans  
The Borrowers’ Loans are unsecured consumer loans made under the Borrowers’ Loan Agreements. 
The Borrower repays to the Lending Company a principal amount of the Borrower's Loan together with 
the interest, and late payment interest (if any). The Borrower's Loan is disbursed directly to the bank 
account or payment card of the Borrower or transferred directly to a third party indicated in the 
Borrower's application. 
The Borrower's Loan Agreement prescribes certain rights and obligations of the Borrower and the 
Lending Company.  
The Borrower’s Loan Agreement is subject to the amendment and/or variation from time to time as 
provided in the section entitled ‘4. TRANSACTION OVERVIEW – THE TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS 
– Extensions’ of this Base Prospectus. 
The Borrower’s Loan Agreement is in the Kazakh and Russian language. The Lending Company has 
provided an English translation of the Borrower’s Loan Agreement for informational purposes at 
www.mintos.com. Any discrepancy or difference due to the translation is not binding and has no legal 
effect. Neither the Issuer nor Mintos bears any responsibility for the accuracy of the English translation 
from the Borrower's Loan Agreement in the Kazakh and Russian language. 
The Borrower’s Loan Agreement is governed by the laws and regulations of the Republic of Kazakhstan. 
o 
Repayment and maturity 
Under the Borrower’s Loan Agreement, the Borrower makes monthly payments of principal and interest 
on a pre-agreed schedule. Amounts payable by the Borrower could be increased in case there is a late 
payment interest applicable. The Borrower may repay the Borrower's Loan by wire transfer to the bank 
account of the Lending Company or by cash. The Borrower has an option to choose between two 
repayment methods: annuity or differentiated payments. Type of the repayment is clearly indicated in 
the Borrower's Loan Agreement. The annual percentage rate (APR) ranges from 45% to 56%. The term 
ranges from 3 months to 60 months with the average term being 27 months. 
In case the Borrower fails to make the payments as per the schedule of repayments, the Borrower is 
obliged to pay to the Lending Company a late payment interest in the amount of 0.5 % (zero point five 
percent) of the amount of the overdue payment for each day of delay up to 90 (ninety) calendar days 
of overdue debt inclusive, but not more than 10 (ten) percent of the amount of the Borrower's Loan for 
each year of validity of the Borrower's Loan Agreement.  
The Borrower is entitled to repay the Borrower's Loan early in whole or in part on the basis of an 
application sent to the Lending Company by the Borrower. If the Borrower's Loan is granted for a period 
longer than 3 (three) months, the Borrower is required to make at least 3 (three) monthly payments 
provided for by the repayment schedule. Early repayment of the Borrower's Loan is carried out by a 
single payment, which includes the principal amount of the Borrower's Loan and the amount of interest 
for the period of using the Borrower's Loan.  
In case of non-performance or improper performance by the Borrower of obligations under the 
Borrower's Loan Agreement, the Lending Company has the right to take all measures provided for by 
the Borrower's Loan Agreement and the legislation of the Republic of Kazakhstan, including but not

--- Page 59 ---
58 
 
limited to: (i) in the event of a delay in the repayment of the Borrower's Loan for more than 30 (thirty) 
calendar days, to apply to collection agencies to collect debts in a pre-trial order or go to court to protect 
their violated rights and legitimate interests; (ii) transfer data on the non-repayment of the Borrower's 
Loan to the credit bureau(s) with which the Lending Company has concluded an agreement(s) for the 
provision of information; (iii) collect the debt, including the principal debt, remuneration and forfeit 
(penalty), on the basis of the notary's writ of execution without obtaining the Borrower's consent.  
If the amount paid by the Borrower is not sufficient to fulfil the obligations of the Borrower under the 
Borrower's Loan Agreement, the debt of the Borrower is covered in the following order:  
1) Principal amount of the Borrower's Loan; 
2) Interest;  
3) Late payment interest; 
4) An amount of the principal debt for the current payment period; 
5) Interest accrued for the current payment period; 
6) The recovery costs of the Lending Company. 
The Lending Company is not entitled to unilaterally change the terms of the repayments by the 
Borrower, as well as to unilaterally increase an amount of the Borrower's Loan, except for the cases of 
improvement of the terms of the repayment for the Borrower.  
o 
Economic environment in Kazakhstan 
Since independence in 1991, Kazakhstan has experienced remarkable economic performance. Rapid 
growth, fueled by structural reforms, abundant hydrocarbon resources, strong domestic demand, and 
foreign direct investment (FDI), has helped reduce poverty and transform the country into an upper-
middle-income economy.  
The economy is bouncing back from its pandemic-driven decline in 2020. GDP expanded by 0.4 percent 
quarter-on-quarter (seasonally adjusted) in the second quarter of 2021, following 1.3 percent growth in 
the first. Real GDP in the second quarter of 2021 was still 0.8 percent below the pre-crisis level. 
Consumer demand, supported by reduced COVID-19 restrictions and continued fiscal and credit 
support to households and enterprises, has been the key driver of GDP dynamics. Solid growth in retail 
trade by 7.6 percent suggests a strong rebound in household consumption in January–June. Investment 
has remained weak, however, and contracted by 1.8 percent in the first half of 2021, mainly due to 
inadequate FDI inflows. Nevertheless, reopening the economy is leading to increased activity in the 
service sectors, while growth in housing and infrastructure projects is supporting construction and 
manufacturing. 
Yearly inflation rose to 8.7 percent in August 2021, up from 7.5 percent in December. A surge in global 
food prices, logistical disruptions, and pent-up demand contributed to the rising prices across the board. 
The Government set price caps on some staple food products and introduced export quotas on grain. 
The NBK tightened monetary policy and increased the policy rate by 0.25 percentage points to 9.5 
percent in September. The banking sector is weathering the COVID-19 crisis. In June 2021, banks 
recorded a return to assets of 3.5 percent and maintained minimum capital adequacy requirements. 
The authorities continue to implement reform measures and revoked the licences of two small banks. 
Nevertheless, pre-existing vulnerabilities and risks stemming from higher non-performing loans (NPLs) 
because of the COVID-19 crisis call for vigilance.

--- Page 60 ---
59 
 
o 
General description of the Borrowers 
The Lending Company’s clients are located in Kazakhstan and majority of its clients live in the largest 
cities - Almaty, Nur-Sultan and Karaganda. The gender distribution is shifted towards women with a 
share of 66%, while men comprise the remaining 34%. Lending Company’s client age is between 18 
and 75 years, the largest age group is 31-40 (27%). SME products are mainly provided to 
entrepreneurs, small legal entities and self-employed customers operating in sales and service 
business throughout the country with the largest share of Turkestanskaya, Almatinskaya and Astana 
regions. 
o 
Borrowers’ Loan portfolio data 
As of 31 December 2021, Lending Company’s total portfolio of gross receivables was EUR 123.5m. 
Below is the cross-section of the Lending Company’s portfolio in terms of Days Past Due (DPD).  
 
Days Past Due 
2020Q3 
2020Q4 
2021Q1 
2021Q2 
2021Q3 
2021Q4 
Current % 
81.20% 
86.60% 
88.10% 
87.75% 
86.69% 
88.75% 
1-30 days % 
3.90% 
3.30% 
3.10% 
2.86% 
3.25% 
3.16% 
31-60 days % 
2.00% 
1.70% 
1.40% 
1.25% 
1.34% 
1.82% 
61-90 days % 
3.20% 
1.60% 
1.40% 
1.07% 
1.07% 
1.49% 
91-120 days % 
9.30% 
1.60% 
1.00% 
0.84% 
1.12% 
1.35% 
121-150 days % 
0.30% 
1.50% 
0.90% 
0.96% 
1.01% 
1.13% 
151-180 days % 
0.00% 
1.30% 
0.80% 
0.77% 
0.82% 
0.97% 
>180 days % 
0.00% 
2.40% 
3.20% 
4.50% 
4.70% 
1.33%

--- Page 61 ---
60 
 
11. 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the terms and conditions of the Notes (the Terms and Conditions) which, together 
with the relevant Final Terms, will be applicable to the specified Series of Notes. The relevant Final 
Terms will complete the Terms and Conditions in relation to each Series of Notes. 
   
 
Save where the context requires otherwise, references in the Terms and Conditions to Notes are to the 
Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes of other Series that may be issued under these Terms and 
Conditions. 
In these Terms and Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, words denoting the singular 
include the plural and vice versa. 
In these Terms and Conditions, references to a specified Condition will be construed as a reference to 
that specific Condition of these Terms and Conditions as in force for the time being and as amended or 
supplemented from time to time. 
The headings are inserted for convenience of reference only and will not affect the interpretation of 
these Terms and Conditions. 
In these Terms and Conditions, reference to any other document will be construed as references to that 
document as in force the time being and as amended, supplemented or substituted. 
The use of the word including means including without limitation. 
Words and expressions used in these Terms and Conditions in capitals and not defined will have the 
meanings given to them in the Final Terms unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise 
stated. 
DEFINITIONS 
In these Terms and Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following definitions will 
apply: 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: the aggregate nominal amount of the Notes as specified in the Final 
Terms. 
API: application programming interface to exchange and transmit information and data in a structured 
form between the Issuer, the Lending Company and Mintos. 
Available Distribution Amount: the amounts received by the Issuer from the Series Specific Loans. 
Backup Servicer: the legal entity (if any) engaged by the Issuer to service and administer the Loans. 
Base Prospectus: the base prospectus in relation to the Notes. 
Borrower: the debtor of a Borrower’s Loan. 
Borrower’s Payments: any payments made by the Borrowers under the Borrowers’ Loans linked to 
the Series Specific Loans.   
Borrower’s Loan: the principal amount outstanding under the Borrower’s Loan Agreement. 
Borrower’s Loan Agreement: Each consumer loan agreement between the Lending Company as the 
lender and the Borrower as specified in applicable SPV Loan Agreement and Final Terms, 
Business Day: any day on which banks in the Republic of Latvia are open for business, except for

--- Page 62 ---
61 
 
Saturdays, Sundays and national holidays of the Republic of Latvia. 
Buyback Obligation: the obligation, if any payment under any of the relevant Loans is delayed by more 
than 60 days, for the Lending Company to (i) repurchase the relevant Loan Receivables from the Issuer 
or (ii) to repay the respective Loan to the SPV in full together with accrued Interest and any Late 
Payment Interest.   
Collateral or Lending Company’s: the pledge rights of the Lending Company over the real estate, 
movable property, or aggregation of property, third party guarantee or title to a vehicle, or any other 
legally permissible means of securing the fulfilment of the Borrower’s obligations under the Borrower’s 
Loan as specified in the Final Terms (if any). 
Cooperation Agreement: the cooperation agreement between the Issuer, SPV, the Lending Company 
and Mintos in relation to the Notes. 
Cooperation Agreement on Issuance of Loans: the credit line agreement between the Lending 
Company as a borrower and SPV as a lender whereby the said parties agree on how SPV’s Loan 
Agreements are concluded and on the terms and conditions of disbursement and repayment of the 
Loans issued to the Lending Company thereunder. 
Final Terms: the final terms of the Notes. 
Grace Period: the number of days specified in the Final Terms relating to any grace period in the Series 
Specific Loans for bank-to-bank payments, national holidays and specific debt collection policies of the 
Lending Company.  
IDF Eurasia Group: the Lending company, “MFO OnlineKazFinance” LLP, FintechFinance MFO LLP, 
IDF HOLDING LIMITED, and IDF Eurasia Limited 
Interest: the interest under the Notes or the Series Specific Loans. Interest under the Series Specific 
Loans means both interest for the reservation of funds and interest for use of the Loan. 
Interest Accrual Periods: the periods during which Interest accrues on the Notes as specified in the 
Final Terms. 
Interest Payment Date: each date on which Interest is payable under the Notes as specified in the 
Final Terms. 
Interest Rate: the rate at which Interest accrues on the Notes as specified in the Final Terms. 
Investment Accounts: the financial instruments account and the cash account of the Investor opened 
with Mintos. 
Issue Date: the issue date of the Notes being the date on which the Notes are first made available for 
subscription as specified in the Final Terms. 
Issuer: SIA Mintos Finance No.27, a limited liability company existing under the laws of the Republic 
of Latvia, registration number 40203396269, having its registered address at Skanstes street 52, Riga, 
LV-1013, Latvia. 
Issuer’s Account: the cash funds account of the Issuer opened by Mintos which is used solely for 
settling payments with the Lending Company, the Backup Servicer (if any), and the Noteholders. 
Late Payment Interest: the Interest on any principal amount due but not paid under any Series Specific 
Loan which is calculated at the rate (the Late Payment Interest Rate) specified in the Final Terms on 
the principal amount due (if any).

--- Page 63 ---
62 
 
Lending Company: Limited Liability Partnership "Microfinance Organization OnlineKazFinance", a 
limited liability partnership established on 01.08.2016, existing under the laws of the Republic of 
Kazakhstan, the registration number 160840000397, having its registered address at Seifullin Avenue 
502, 9th floor, Almaty, 050012, Kazakhstan.  
Loan Final Repayment Date: the scheduled final repayment date of the Series Specific Loans as 
specified in the Final Terms.  
Loan Interest Payment Date: each date on which Interest is payable under the Series Specific Loans 
as specified in the Final Terms. 
Loan Interest Rate: the rate at which Interest accrues on principal amount outstanding of the Series 
Specific Loans as specified in the Final Terms. 
Loan Receivables: the receivables of the SPV under the Series Specific Loans which have been 
assigned to the Issuer, being 100% of the principal amount outstanding of the relevant Series Specific 
Loan. 
Loan Repayment Date: each date on which the Series Specific Loans are redeemed as specified in 
the Final Terms.  
Maturity Date: the scheduled maturity date of the Notes as specified in the Final Terms. 
Mintos: AS Mintos Marketplace, a joint stock company registered in the Commercial Register of the 
Register of Enterprises of the Republic of Latvia under unified registration number 40103903643 on 1 
June 2015, having registered address: 50 Skanstes Street, Riga, LV-1013, Latvia. 
Noteholder: each person who appears as a holder of any Note from time to time in the electronic 
register maintained by Mintos. 
Notes: notes issued or to be issued by the Issuer. 
Payment Event: the date on which (a) information on the Borrower’s Payments received by the Lending 
Company is communicated to the Issuer and Mintos through API in accordance with the Transaction 
Documents, (b) the right or obligation arises under the Buyback Obligation or Repurchase, (c) any full 
or partial repayment of any of the Series Specific Loans occurs, (d) any breach of the repayment 
schedule of any of the Series Specific Loans occurs, (e) any extension of the repayment schedule of 
any of the Series Specific Loans pursuant to Condition 11.4 occurs and (f) any change to any of the 
Loan Interest Payment Date, the Loan Repayment Date and/or the Loan Final Repayment Date of one 
or more Series Specific Loan occurs.    
Pledge Agreement: the pledge agreement concluded by and between the Lending Company as the 
pledgor and the SPV as the pledgee to secure the obligations of the Lending Company arising out of 
the Cooperation Agreement on Issuance of the Loans. 
Principal Amount Outstanding: the Aggregate Nominal Amount multiplied by the Sink Factor.  
Priority of Payments: the priority of payments set out in Condition 10.  
Purchase Agreement: part of the Cooperation Agreement relating to the purchase by the Issuer and 
sale by the SPV of the Series Specific Loan.  
Redemption Date: each date on which the Notes are redeemed as specified in the Final Terms. 
Repurchase: the right or obligation for the Lending Company to repurchase the relevant Loan 
Receivables from the Issuer on the occurrence of certain events specified in the Cooperation 
Agreement (as outlined in the section entitled ‘4. TRANSACTION OVERVIEW – THE DESCRIPTION

--- Page 64 ---
63 
 
OF THE TRANSACTIONS IN RELATION TO THE NOTES – Exercising of Repurchase’ of the Base 
Prospectus). 
Series: Notes with the same Issue Date and the same Terms and Conditions (including as to the Series 
Specific Loans) and identified in the relevant Final Terms as forming a series. 
Series Specific Loan: each loan agreement between the SPV as lender and the Lending Company as 
a borrower as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
Sink Factor: a fractional number between 0 to 1 (inclusive) up to 16 decimal figures as determined by 
the Issuer from time to time which reflects the then Principal Amount Outstanding taking into account 
any partial redemptions of the Notes. 
 
 
Specified Currency: the currency of the Notes as specified in the Final Terms. 
Specified Denominations: the specified denominations of the Notes as specified in the Final Terms. 
SPV Loan Agreement: each loan agreement between the Lending Company as a borrower and the 
SPV as a lender as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
SPV: SIA Mintos Finance, a limited liability company existing under the laws of the Republic of Latvia, 
unified registration number 40203022549, having its registered address at Skanstes iela 50, Riga, LV-
1013, Latvia. 
Subordination Agreement: an inter-creditor agreement between Mintos and the Issuer, liabilities of 
the Lending Company towards which under the Cooperation Agreement and Cooperation Agreement 
on Issuance of Loans are the senior liabilities, and certain legal entities as the creditors which certain 
liabilities of the Lending Company towards them are junior liabilities, and whereunder the junior liabilities 
are subordinated to the senior liabilities on the terms and conditions agreed by the parties to the 
Subordination Agreement 
Transaction Documents: the Cooperation Agreement, the Cooperation Agreement on Issuance of 
Loans, SPV Loan Agreement, the Transfer Document, the Subordination Agreement and the Pledge 
Agreement. 
Transfer Document: the document generated by Mintos evidencing the transfer of Loan Receivables 
from the SPV to the Issuer in accordance with the Purchase Agreement. 
1.  
UNDERTAKINGS OF THE ISSUER  
The undertakings in this Condition 1 remain in force for so long as any of the Notes are 
outstanding. 
1.1 
Authorisations and compliance with laws 
The Issuer will promptly obtain, comply with and do all that is necessary to maintain in full force 
and effect any authorisation required under any law or regulation of Latvia to enable it to perform 
its obligations under the Notes or own title in the Loan Receivables, and carry on its business 
as it is being conducted. The Issuer will comply in all respects with all laws to which it is subject. 
1.2 
Negative covenants 
Other than in connection with the Notes or as provided in the Base Prospectus, the Issuer will 
not:

--- Page 65 ---
64 
 
(a) 
sell, transfer, create any security over or otherwise dispose of any of the Loan 
Receivables; 
(b) 
incur or permit to be outstanding any financial indebtedness;  
(c) 
be the creditor in respect of any loan or any form of a credit to any person, other than 
the Lending Company or as permitted under the Transaction Documents; 
(d) 
give or allow to be outstanding any guarantee or indemnity to or for the benefit of any 
person in respect of any obligation of any other person; 
(e)  
carry on any business other than as a special-purpose pass-through undertaking 
established for the purpose of issuing and offering Notes, which are backed by the 
Loan Receivables, to Investors on the Platform; or 
(f) 
use the Issuer’s Account for any purpose other than as provided in these Terms and 
Conditions and the Transaction Documents.  
2.  
GENERAL 
2.1 
The Issuer under these Terms and Conditions together with the corresponding Final Terms has 
authorised the creation, issue and sale of the Notes to provide funds to the Issuer to purchase 
Loan Receivables in accordance with the Purchase Agreement. The issue of Notes on the 
Issue Date specified in the Final Terms will correspond to the Issuer obtaining title to the Loan 
Receivables with a total amount equal to the Aggregate Nominal Amount. 
2.2 
Subject to Condition 25, the Issuer will obtain the title to the Loan Receivables on the condition 
that Mintos has determined that it has all the data it requires in relation to the Loan Receivables 
in accordance with the Purchase Agreement and the Transfer Document. The condition in no 
case implies either the Issuer or Mintos has any obligation to examine, verify or assess such 
data, including, through the use of any documentary evidence.   
2.3 
In each case where amounts of principal, Interest, other return and additional amounts (if any) 
are payable in respect of the Notes, the obligations of the Issuer to make any such payment 
will constitute an obligation only to account to the Noteholders on each date on which such 
amounts are due, for an amount equal to amounts of principal, Interest, other return and 
additional amounts (if any) actually received by the Issuer in relation to the Series Specific 
Loans. 
2.4 
Neither the Issuer nor Mintos are liable to make any payments in respect of the Notes other 
than as expressly provided in these Terms and Conditions. 
2.5 
Save for any fees payable to the Lending Company, Mintos and the Backup Servicer (if any), 
so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest 
material to the offer of the Notes. 
3.  
STATUS 
3.1 
The Notes constitute direct, general, unsubordinated and limited recourse debt obligations of 
the Issuer, which rank pari passu among themselves; and at all times these obligations rank at 
least pari passu with all other present and future direct, general, unsubordinated and limited 
recourse obligations of the Issuer arising from the present and further Series, except for those

--- Page 66 ---
65 
 
obligations as may be preferred by applicable law. 
3.2 
No proprietary or other direct interest in the Issuer’s rights under or in respect of any of the 
Transaction Documents, the Purchase Agreement, the Transfer Document, the Pledge 
Agreement and the Loan Receivables, exists for the benefit of the Noteholders. Subject to these 
Terms and Conditions, no Noteholder will and will have any right to enforce any of the 
Transaction Documents and the Loan Receivables, or any direct recourse to any of the Lending 
Company, the Borrowers, and the pledgor under the Pledge Agreement.  
4.  
FORM 
The Notes are issued by the Issuer in registered form which are deposited and held as book-
entry with Mintos.  
5.  
ISSUE OF NOTES 
The Notes are issued on the Issue Date in the Aggregate Nominal Amount, the Specified 
Denominations and the Specified Currency as specified in the Final Terms.   
6.  
REGISTER, TITLE AND TRANSFERS 
6.1 
Mintos maintains an electronic register of Noteholders in accordance with the Cooperation 
Agreement. No certificates will be issued to any Noteholder in respect of its holding. 
6.2 
Each Noteholder will (except as otherwise required by law) be treated as the absolute owner of 
any relevant Note for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of 
ownership, trust, nomineeship or any other interest in the Note), and no person will be liable for 
so treating the Noteholder. 
6.3 
The Notes are held and freely transferred only between the financial instrument accounts at 
Mintos of Noteholders. No application has been or will be made to trade the Notes on any 
regulated market or any other trading venue, other than the Platform.  
6.4 
A transfer of any Note between the Noteholders may be affected by Mintos which may require 
as conditions to the transfer of (a) provision of documents and information, (b) payment of any 
transfer fee and (c) payment of any tax or other governmental charges, in each case, by the 
relevant Noteholder in accordance with terms and conditions of the Platform. 
7.  
PRIORITY OF PAYMENTS 
All funds received by the Issuer in relation to the Series Specific Loans, irrespective whether 
indicated as corresponding to the relevant Series Specific Loan or not, to the extent legally 
permitted, will be applied by the Issuer in the following order of priority: 
(a) 
first, in or towards payment of any amounts owed by the Issuer to any tax authority and 
required to be paid 
by the Issuer under 
or pursuant to the Notes; 
 
(b)  
second, in payment or satisfaction of all fees and penalty fees then due and unpaid to 
Mintos by the Lending Company under the Cooperation Agreement;  
(c) 
third, in or towards payment or satisfaction of all amounts then due and unpaid as 
commissions, fees, costs, charges, expenses and liabilities incurred or payable for

--- Page 67 ---
66 
 
servicing of the Loan Receivables if (i) the Issuer or any person designated by the 
Issuer has taken over the servicing of the Loan Receivables or (ii) any event of default 
of the Lending Company has occurred under any of the Transaction Documents and 
the Issuer acts for the purposes of recovery of funds includes filing a claim in the 
liquidation, insolvency or other administrative proceedings of the Lending Company, or 
enforcing any legal rights; 
(d) 
fourth, in or towards payment or satisfaction of any costs, including legal fees, for any 
action to recover funds, collect or restructure payment obligations, or taking any other 
actions to receive the Loan Receivables;  
(e) 
fifth, in or towards payment or discharge of all amounts which are due to the Backup 
Servicer, if any; 
(f) 
sixth, to the Noteholders in or towards the payment or discharge of all amounts of 
Interest and principal (Late Payment Interest or penalty fee or other assigned claim, if 
any, in the order that is set forth with respect to the particular Loan Receivable) then 
due and payable under or in respect of Series, Repurchase prices and/or Buyback 
Obligation prices, unless the Buyback Obligation price is discharged next according to 
7 (g) below. Such payment/discharge being done by placing Series Specific Loans of 
all Series outstanding in the chronological order from the Series Specific Loan having 
oldest Payment Event to the Series Specific Loan having newest Payment Event, and 
then applying pro rata approach on each particular Series level; and 
(g) 
seventh, to the Noteholders in or towards the payment of the Buyback Obligation price, 
if the Lending Company is late in making payments due to the Issuer for 14 (fourteen) 
days or another period that the Issuer finds material. Such payment/discharge being 
done by placing Series Specific Loans of all Series outstanding in the chronological 
order from the Series Specific Loan having oldest buyback related Payment Event to 
the Series Specific Loan having newest buyback related Payment Event, and then 
applying pro rata approach on each particular Series level; and  
 (h) 
eight, to the Noteholders in or towards the payment of Notes' pro-rata portion of the 
Pending Payments Penalty Fee (if any). Such pro-rata portion shall be applied towards 
all impacted Series.  
Neither the Issuer nor Mintos will be liable for applying the Priority of Payments, including for 
any minor errors, pursuant to Condition 25. 
8.  
INTEREST 
8.1 
Payment of Interest 
Each Note bears Interest from (and including) the date on which the Note is subscribed by the 
Noteholder. Interest will be calculated in accordance with Conditions 8.2 and 8.3, and payable 
in the Specified Currency in arrears on each Interest Payment Date.  
8.2  
Accrual of Interest 
The Interest payable on any Interest Payment Date in respect of each Note is as follows: 
 
 
 
 
Loan Interest Rate X Series Specific Loan Principal Amount Outstanding X Day Count

--- Page 68 ---
67 
 
Where: 
Series Specific Loan Principal Amount Outstanding, is the principal amount of the Series 
Specific Loans which is scheduled to be outstanding (even if the principal amount is redeemed 
later) on the day immediately before the Loan Interest Payment Date which is immediately 
before the Interest Payment Date. 
Day Count, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
immediately preceding Interest Accrual Period, divided by 360. 
8.3  
Accrual of Late Payment Interest 
The Late Payment Interest (if specified as being applicable in the Final Terms) payable on any 
day on which the Issuer receives the Principal Amount Due in respect of each Note is as follows: 
Late Payment Interest Rate X Principal Amount Due X Day Count  
 
Where: 
Principal Amount Due, is the principal amount of a Series Specific Loan which was due on 
the Loan Repayment Date but not paid under the relevant Series Specific Loan provided that 
there will be no Principal Amount Due if paid within the Grace Period; and 
Day Count, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
from (but excluding) the day on which the Principal Amount Due becomes due to (but excluding) 
the day on which the Issuer receives the Principal Amount Due or, if the Buyback Obligation or 
Repurchase applies, the relevant Payment Event, divided by 360. 
Any payment of Interest or Late Payment Interest will be made only in accordance with 
Conditions 7, 11 and 25, and will be subject to the relevant Payment Event having 
occurred and the Issuer having actually received the corresponding payment under the 
Series Specific Loans. 
9.  
PRINCIPAL REDEMPTION 
9.1  
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified in these Terms and 
Conditions, each Note will be redeemed at the then Principal Amount Outstanding on the 
Maturity Date. 
9.2  
Early Redemption 
A proportion of the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Notes will be redeemed pro rata on 
each Redemption Date and at any other time any principal payment from any of the Series 
Specific Loans is received by the Issuer, without any prior notice to Noteholders. The Principal 
Amount Outstanding of the Notes redeemed will be in the same proportion as the proportion 
that the principal payment received by the Issuer has to the total principal amount outstanding 
of all the Series Specific Loans immediately before the principal payment. Any accrued but 
unpaid Interest associated to that proportion of the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Notes 
being redeemed will be paid at the same time.

--- Page 69 ---
68 
 
Any repayment of the Principal Amount Outstanding will be made only in accordance 
with Conditions 7, 11 and 25, and will be subject to the relevant Payment Event having 
occurred and the Issuer having actually received the corresponding payment under the 
Series Specific Loans. 
10.  
INTEREST AND PRINCIPAL DETERMINATION  
10.1 
Mintos determines (a) the amount of Interest and the Late Payment Interest (if any) payable in 
accordance with Condition 8 for each Interest Payment Date and (b) the amount of principal 
payable in accordance with Condition 9 on each Redemption Date and the Maturity Date, on 
its review of the following information: 
(i) 
the Payment Events which have arisen;  
(ii) 
aggregate payment amounts paid by the Borrowers which have been received from 
the Lending Company;  
(iii) 
the Buyback Obligation and Repurchase which have arisen; and  
(iv) 
the amounts then due and owed by the Issuer according to the Priority of Payments on 
the Interest Payment Date, the Redemption Date or the Maturity Date. 
10.2 
On each Interest Payment Date, each Redemption Date and the Maturity Date, Mintos on the 
Issuer's behalf will direct the payment of Interest and principal amounts to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 11.  
10.3 
If after application of the Priority of Payments the Issuer has insufficient funds on any Interest 
Payment Date, any Redemption Date or the Maturity Date to make a payment of Interest or 
principal in full as required by Conditions 8 and 9, on behalf of the Issuer, Mintos at its sole 
discretion may decide that the Issuer pays part of the amount due or defers the payment until 
the full amount due is available, and such partial payment or deferral will not constitute an Event 
of Default under these Terms and Conditions. 
10.4 
All determinations, calculations and adjustments made by Mintos will be made in conjunction 
with the Issuer and will, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive in all respects and 
binding upon the Issuer and all Noteholders. 
11.  
PAYMENTS 
11.1 
Payments of Interest and principal  
Subject to Conditions 7 and 12, the Issuer will, from any Available Distribution Amount: 
(a) 
pay the Interest on the Notes in accordance with Condition 8 on each Interest Payment 
Date; and 
(b) 
redeem the Notes in accordance with Condition 9 on each Redemption Date and the 
Maturity Date. 
11.2 
Notes contingent payments 
All payments of Interest and principal by the Issuer under the Notes are dependent on the

--- Page 70 ---
69 
 
Issuer having received information on the Payment Event and the Available Distribution Amount 
being sufficient to make the relevant payments in accordance with the Priority of Payments. 
The Notes will not give rise to the Issuer having any payment obligation in excess of the 
foregoing. 
Any overdue payment of Interest or principal under any of the Series Specific Loans that have 
been collected by the Lending Company (including by its external debt collection agency) will 
be paid to the Issuer as an Available Distribution Amount which will be paid in accordance with 
the Priority of Payments on the date determined by the Issuer at its sole discretion.  
11.3 
Pending Payments Penalty Fee 
Not applicable.  
11.4 
Loan extension  
The Lending Company may modify any of the Borrowers’ Loans linked to the Series Specific 
Loans without approval of the Issuer, the SPV and the Noteholders, provided that payments 
from the relevant Borrower remain unchanged. 
If ‘Extension possibility’ is provided in the Final Terms, the Lending Company may extend the 
repayment schedule of one or more Borrowers’ Loans linked to the Series Specific Loans by 
changing the Loan Interest Payment Date, the Loan Repayment Date and/or the Loan Final 
Repayment Date without the consent of the Issuer, the SPV or the Noteholders provided that 
(a) there is no event of default under any of the Borrowers’ Loans linked to the Series Specific 
Loans, (b) any change is restricted by ‘Limit on the number of Extensions’ and ‘Total maximum 
time limit of Extensions’ as specified in the Final Terms and (c) any change is notified on the 
Platform to the Noteholders. The extension of Borrower’s Loan leads to extension of the Loan 
that it is linked to. 
The Lending Company may also extend the repayment schedule of one or more Borrowers’ 
Loans linked to the Series Specific Loans by changing the Loan Interest Payment Date, the 
Loan Repayment Date and/or the Loan Final Repayment Date without the consent of the Issuer, 
the SPV or the Noteholders to comply with any new law or regulation, amendment of any 
existing law or regulation, or any decision of any government or municipal provided that any 
change is notified on the Platform to the Noteholders 
11.5 
Loan Receivables subject to Buyback Obligation or Repurchase 
Any Loan Receivable subject to the Buyback Obligation or Repurchase (i) will be repurchased 
by the Lending Company at a price equal to the outstanding principal amount of the Loan 
Receivable together with any accrued but unpaid Interest and any Late Payment Interest up to 
(but excluding) the repurchase date, or (ii) the respective Loan will be repaid to the SPV in full 
together with any accrued but unpaid Interest and any Late Payment Interest up to (but 
excluding) the full repayment date. 
11.6 
Insufficient funds on the Maturity Date 
If any amounts on the Notes are outstanding on the Maturity Date, the Maturity Date will be 
automatically postponed to the date that is the earlier of (a) the date on which all amounts due 
and payable under the Notes are paid and (b) the date referred to in Condition 11.7, and Interest 
will not accrue on the Notes (other than Pending Payments Penalty Fee, if applicable) and any

--- Page 71 ---
70 
 
Available Distribution Amount will be paid to the Noteholders on a date as reasonably 
determined by the Issuer in accordance with the Priority of Payments. 
11.7 
After the Maturity Date 
If on any date following the Maturity Date  
the Issuer, the SPV and Mintos determines in good faith that there is no realistic prospect of 
collecting any further funds from the Lending Company if the Issuer and/or the SPV 
have not received the full amount due from the Buyback Obligation or Repurchase or, 
if earlier, on the 10th anniversary of the Maturity Date, 
as of that date (i) all the Notes outstanding will be cancelled in full, (ii) the Issuer will be deemed 
to have fulfilled all its payment and other obligations to each of the Noteholders and (iii) no 
Noteholder will have any right in respect of any of the Notes. 
11.8 
Payments to the Noteholders 
Any payments of Interest and redemption amounts in respect of the Notes will be made to the 
relevant Investment Account.  
11.9 
Taxes 
All payments and/or deliveries in respect of the Notes made by or on behalf of the Issuer will 
be made subject to any withholding or deduction for any taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature which may be required to be withheld or deducted.  
The Issuer or Mintos will: 
(a) 
not be liable as a result for, or otherwise obliged to pay, any additional amount to any 
of the Noteholders in respect of, or compensation for, any such withholding or 
deduction or any other amounts withheld or deducted; 
(b) 
not be liable for or otherwise obliged to pay, and the relevant Noteholder will be liable 
for and/or pay, any tax, duty, charge, withholding or other payment whatsoever which 
may arise as a result of, or in connection with, the ownership, any transfer (or 
agreement to transfer), any payment and/or any delivery (or any agreement for 
delivery) in respect of the Notes held by such Noteholder; and 
(c) 
have the right but will not be obliged (unless required by law), to withhold or deduct 
from any amount payable or, as the case may be, any delivery due to the relevant 
Noteholder, such amount or portion as will be necessary to account for or to pay any 
such tax, duty, charge, withholding or other payment. 
The Noteholders will agree to provide the Issuer and/or Mintos with all information and 
documentation required by the Issuer and/or Mintos, as the case may be, to satisfy any Latvian 
or other country tax or regulatory obligations at any time. 
11.10 
Payments on Business Days 
If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Notes is not a Business Day, the 
Noteholder will not be entitled to payment of the amount due until the next succeeding Business

--- Page 72 ---
71 
 
Day in such place and will not be entitled to any further interest or other payment in respect of 
any such delay. 
12.  
LIMITED RECOURSE AND NON-PETITION 
12.1 
Notwithstanding anything in the Base Prospectus, the obligations of the Issuer in respect of the 
Notes are limited recourse obligations which are payable solely from the sums of principal, 
Interest, other return and additional amounts (if any) actually received (and identified as such) 
in relation to the Series Specific Loans. 
12.2 
All payments to be made by the Issuer in respect of the Notes will be made only from and to 
the extent of the sums received or recovered from time to time by or on behalf of the Issuer 
under the Series Specific Loans, subject always to the Priority of Payments. 
12.3 
In relation to any sums received or recovered, the Issuer (or Mintos on its behalf) will follow 
these Terms and Conditions in determining to which Series of Notes such sums relate and such 
determination will be binding on Noteholders of all Series in the absence of manifest error. 
12.4 
To the extent that the sums referred to in Condition 12.1 are less than the amount which the 
Noteholders may have expected and been entitled to receive (such difference being referred to 
as the shortfall), the shortfall will be borne by the Noteholders. 
12.5 
Each Noteholder, on subscribing or buying any Note directly, through a strategy of the Platform 
or any other way, irrevocably accept and acknowledge that it is fully aware that: 
(a) 
only the sums referred to in this Condition 12, and Conditions 7 and 11 will be available 
for any payments to be made by the Issuer in respect of the Notes; 
(b) 
the sums which are attributable to another Series of Notes are only available in 
satisfaction of the obligations of the Issuer to such Noteholder(c) the obligations of the 
Issuer to make payments in respect of the Notes will be limited to the sums and the 
Noteholders will have no recourse to the Issuer, Mintos or their respective 
shareholders, directors, officers, employees, affiliates, successors or assigns in 
respect of the Notes for the shortfall; 
(d) 
no Noteholder is entitled to proceed against the Issuer, the SPV or Mintos for the 
shortfall; 
(e) 
following the realisation and distribution of the net proceeds from the Loan Receivable 
corresponding to the Series Specific Loan in accordance with the Priority of Payments, 
the Noteholders or anyone acting on behalf of any of them will not be entitled to take 
any further steps against the Issuer or Mintos to recover any further sum and the right 
to receive any such further sum will be deemed as fulfilled; and 
(f) 
no Noteholder will be entitled to petition or take any other step or join with any other 
person in bringing, instituting or joining, insolvency, winding-up, liquidation or 
bankruptcy proceedings (whether court-based or otherwise), or for the appointment of 
an examiner, liquidator or analogous person in relation to the Issuer, nor will it have 
any claim to, or in respect of any sum arising in respect of any assets of the Issuer. 
12.6 
Non-payment of the shortfall referred to in this Condition 12 will not constitute an Event of 
Default.

--- Page 73 ---
72 
 
12.7 
None of the shareholders of the Issuer, Mintos, the Lending Company, the Backup Servicer 
has any obligation to any Noteholder for payment of any amount by the Issuer in respect of the 
Notes. 
12.8 
The provisions of this Condition 12 will survive redemption of the Notes. 
13.  
PURCHASE 
13.1 
The Issuer may at any time purchase Notes at any price in the open market or otherwise.  
13.2  
Any Note purchased by the Issuer on the sole discretion of the Issuer may be either cancelled 
or sold to any investor on behalf of the Issuer by Mintos.  
14.  
CANCELLATION 
All Notes which are redeemed or cancelled may not be re-issued or resold. 
15.  
PRESCRIPTION 
Any and all claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes will be prescribed and 
become void unless made within 10 years from the date on which payment in respect of the 
Notes first becomes due. 
16.  
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders create and issue 
further Series and further tranches of existing Series of Notes. A further tranche of an existing 
Series will: 
(a) 
be fungible with the Notes of that existing Series; 
(b) 
have the same terms and conditions as the Notes of that Series except for the 
Aggregate Nominal Amount, the Issue Date, the Issue Price, the Interest Accrual 
Periods, the first Interest Payment Date and the first Redemption Date; and 
(c) 
be consolidated and form a single Series with that existing Series of Notes, and 
references in these Terms and Conditions to Notes will be construed accordingly. 
17.  
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
17.1 
Any of the following events will constitute an event of default under the Notes (each, an Event 
of Default): 
(a) 
if any order is made by any competent court or any resolution passed for the winding- 
up or dissolution (including any bankruptcy, insolvency, voluntary, forced or judicial 
liquidation, composition with creditors, a reprieve from payment, controlled 
management, fraudulent conveyance, general settlement with creditors or 
reorganisation proceedings or similar proceedings affecting the rights of creditors 
generally) of the Issuer (save for the purposes of amalgamation, merger, consolidation, 
reorganisation or other similar arrangements); or  
(b) 
formal notice is given of an appointment an administrator (including any receiver,

--- Page 74 ---
73 
 
liquidator, auditor, verifier), provisional administrator; or  
(c) 
any application is made, or petition is lodged, or documents are filed with the court or 
administrator in relation to the Issuer for the actions, proceeding or procedures 
specified in paragraphs (a) or (b) above, unless such proceedings or petitions are 
disputed in good faith and are discharged, stayed or dismissed within 90 calendar days 
of commencement. 
17.2 
The Issuer is obliged to inform Mintos immediately if any Event of Default should occur. Should 
Mintos not receive such information, Mintos is entitled to assume that no Event of Default exists 
or can be expected to occur, provided that Mintos does not have knowledge of any Event of 
Default. Mintos is under no obligation to make any investigations relating to any Event of 
Default. The Issuer will, at the request of Mintos, provide Mintos with details of any Event of 
Default and provide Mintos with all documents that may be of significance for the application of 
this Condition 17. 
17.3  
If Mintos has been notified by the Issuer or has otherwise determined that there is an Event of 
Default, Mintos will, within 20 Business Days of the day of notification or determination, notify 
the Noteholders according to Condition 20.  
17.4 
Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, Notes are repaid according to the terms and 
conditions stipulated by this Base Prospectus and relevant Series Final Terms, unless 
otherwise required by a rule of the law. 
17.5 
Mintos, subject to the Noteholders indemnifying and holding Mintos harmless from any 
reasonable expenses, loss or liability, will take every reasonable measure necessary to recover 
the amounts outstanding under the Notes according to their terms and conditions and 
Transaction Documents. Mintos will in each case inform the Noteholders about the costs which 
should be compensated prior to requesting any indemnification. In any case Mintos will charge 
this compensation of costs only up to the recovered amount. Mintos will not ask for 
compensation of costs for its in-house staff and resources.  
17.6 
For the avoidance of doubt, if any payment is not made by the Issuer because the Issuer has 
not received the relevant amounts under the Series Specific Loans so that the Available 
Distribution Amount after application of the Priority of Payments is not enough to make 
payments due under the Notes in full, the occurrence of such event will, as such, not constitute 
an Event of Default. 
18.  
MEETING OF NOTEHOLDERS  
18.1 
General provisions  
The Issuer from time to time may convene a meeting of the Noteholders (the Noteholders 
Meeting) to adopt resolutions on certain matters. The Issuer at its own discretion decides which 
matters will be reserved for passing at the Noteholders Meeting.  
These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who 
did not attend and vote at the Noteholders Meeting or in respect of the relevant resolution and 
Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. As a result, Noteholders may be 
bound by a change to these Terms and Conditions or by some other decision that affects 
Noteholders' investment in the Notes even though they have not agreed to such change.

--- Page 75 ---
74 
 
The Noteholders Meeting may adopt its resolutions in one of the two forms as chosen by the 
Issuer:  
(a)  
at a meeting held by attendance of the Noteholders to discuss the items on the agenda 
and pass resolutions on the matters put to the vote using ballots provided; or 
(b)  
by absentee voting (without attendance of the Noteholders to discuss the items on the 
agenda and pass resolutions on the matters put to the vote). 
The Noteholders Meeting will be chaired, and minutes taken by a representative of Mintos.  
18.2  
Resolutions of the Noteholders Meeting 
Matters put to the vote at a Noteholders Meeting and its agenda will be decided by the Issuer. 
The Noteholders may neither pass resolutions on the matters not included in its agenda nor 
amend the agenda. 
Resolutions passed by the Noteholders Meeting and voting results will be provided to the 
persons eligible to participate in the Noteholders Meeting in a report, which will be disclosed to 
the Noteholders as per the procedure prescribed with regard to sending notices of the 
Noteholders Meeting, within 5 Business Days after the closing date of the meeting or the final 
date for submitting the voting ballots in case of absentee voting. However, the failure to do so 
will not invalidate the resolution. 
The resolution will be binding on all the Noteholders, whether or not present at the Noteholders 
Meeting and each of them will be bound to give effect to it accordingly.  
18.3  
Information on holding a Noteholders Meeting 
The Issuer will notify the Noteholders about the Noteholders Meeting in accordance with the 
procedure below.  
A notice of the Noteholders Meeting (the Notice) will be given according to Condition 20 no 
later than 10 days in advance.  
The Notice will be given to the Noteholders registered on the date of the Notice in the electronic 
register of Noteholders maintained by Mintos. 
The Issuer may decide not to publish the Notice on the Platform. In such a case within the time 
specified in this Condition 18.3 the Issuer will send the Notice to the Noteholders by email. 
The Issuer may at its own discretion make available information to the Noteholders entitled to 
participate in the Noteholders Meeting as part of preparations for the Noteholders Meeting.  
18.4  
Quorum at a Noteholders Meeting  
A Noteholders Meeting will be deemed quorate if attended by Noteholders aggregately holding 
more than 50% of: 
(a) 
the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of all Series of Notes towards the Lending 
Company on the date of the Notice if the decision is related towards all Series of Notes

--- Page 76 ---
75 
 
outstanding; or 
(b) 
the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the relevant Series of Notes on the date 
of the Notice if the decision is related towards the relevant Series of Notes outstanding. 
The number of votes for each Noteholder equals the Principal Amount Outstanding in the 
respective Series on the date of the Notice. 
When a Noteholders Meeting is held by attendance of the Noteholders to discuss the items on 
the agenda and pass resolutions on the matters put to the vote, the Noteholders registered to 
participate in the Noteholders Meeting and the Noteholders whose ballots have been received 
no later than 2 days before the meeting will be deemed to have participated in the meeting.  
When a Noteholders Meeting is held in the form of absentee voting, the Noteholders whose 
ballots have been received before the final date for submitting the ballots will be deemed to 
have participated in the meeting.  
Where there is no quorum for a Noteholders Meeting, a second Noteholders Meeting will be 
held with the same agenda. Such second Noteholders Meeting will be deemed quorate if 
attended by Noteholders aggregately holding more than 30% of: 
(a) 
the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of all Series of Notes towards the Lending 
Company on the date of the Notice if the decision is related towards all Series of Notes 
outstanding; or 
(b) 
the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the relevant Series of Notes on the date 
of the Notice if the decision is related towards the relevant Series of Notes outstanding. 
Subject to the quorum being present, the decisions on the Noteholders Meeting agenda will be 
adopted per each item of the agenda by the majority from the total amount of votes provided. 
18.5 
Voting ballots 
Ballots for voting at a Noteholders Meeting will be sent together with the Notice according to 
Condition 18.3.  
Ballots for voting will be in the English language.  
Voting could be convened as an e-voting through filling-out an electronic voting ballot through 
the interface of the Platform. 
Noteholders included in the list of those entitled to participate in the Noteholders Meeting other 
than the Noteholders Meeting held in the form of absentee voting, or their representatives, may 
register to participate or forward their completed ballots to the Issuer. Voting ballots will be 
counted towards the calculation of the quorum and voting results if received by the company 
no later than 2 days before the Noteholders Meeting. 
The voting ballot will contain the information about the Noteholders Meeting including but not 
limited to:  
- 
information about the Issuer, including address and contact person;

--- Page 77 ---
76 
 
- 
details identifying the Series of Notes; 
- 
form of the Noteholders Meeting (attendance or by absentee voting); 
- 
date, place and time of the Noteholders Meeting if it is held in the form of attendance 
of the Noteholders; 
- 
Principal Amount Outstanding; and 
- 
voting options for each item on the agenda, expressed as “for”, “against”, or 
“abstained”, and the indication that the voting ballot must be signed by a person entitled 
to participate in the Noteholders Meeting or its representative unless convened by e-
voting. 
When voting by ballots, only those voting ballots are counted where for each item only one 
voting option is selected. The voting ballots completed in breach of the aforementioned 
requirement will be deemed invalid. However, if there are several items put to the vote on the 
voting ballot, breach of the aforementioned requirement with respect to one or several items 
will not affect the validity of the remaining ballot. If a voting ballot is rendered invalid with respect 
to voting on one, several or all items included in such ballot, the votes so cast in such ballot will 
not be excluded from the calculation of the quorum. If a voting ballot is rendered invalid, the 
votes on the items contained in the voting ballot will not be counted. 
18.6 
Counting  
The counting functions will be performed by Mintos, which will check the powers of, and register 
the participants in a Noteholders Meeting, determine the quorum at a Noteholders Meeting, 
count the votes and determine the voting results, draw up the voting minutes and hand over 
the voting ballots to the archive. 
19.  
SUBSTITUTION 
19.1 
The Issuer or any previous substitute company may be substituted by any other company as 
principal obligor under all of the Notes then outstanding provided that such substitution would 
not be materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders and subject to the other Terms 
and Conditions being complied with, including with provisions of the Transaction Documents, 
and further provided that the Financial and Capital Market Commission has given its prior 
consent to such substitution if any needed according to the applicable law. 
19.2 
By subscribing to, or otherwise acquiring, the Notes, the Noteholders expressly consent to the 
substitution of the Issuer and to the release of the Issuer from any and all obligations in respect 
of the Notes and any relevant agreements and are expressly deemed to have accepted such 
substitution and the consequences of such substitution. 
19.3 
Any such substitution will be notified to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 20. 
20.  
NOTICES AND PROVISION OF INFORMATION 
20.1  
Notices to the Noteholders will be given upon sole discretion of the Issuer in the English 
language and/or any other language the Issuer deems fit for such purposes and will be given 
by using one or several communication channels:

--- Page 78 ---
77 
 
(a) 
emailed to respective email addresses in the register of Noteholders and deemed to 
have been given within 24 hours after the dispatch; and 
(b) 
delivered to Mintos for further communication to the Noteholder according to the 
services provision agreement between Mintos and the Noteholder (including times 
when deemed to have been duly given). 
20.2 
Any notices, demands, claims or other communication to the Issuer by any Noteholder will be 
in the English language and will be given by using one of the following communication channels:  
(a)  
delivered by hand or courier and deemed to have been given on the same day of 
delivery; and 
(b) 
delivered by registered mail and deemed to have been given on the 10th calendar day 
following the date indicated on the stamp by the postal service provider on the 
acceptance of a registered letter. 
20.3.  
For the purposes of Condition 20.2 notices or other communications addressed to the Issuer 
will be given to Mintos, serving as an agent for this purpose: 
AS Mintos Marketplace 
50 Skanstes Street, Riga, LV-1013, Latvia 
For the attention of SIA Mintos Finance No.27 
21.  
AGENTS 
21.1  
Mintos acts solely as an agent of the Issuer and does not assume any obligation or duty to, or 
any relationship of agency or trust for or with, any Noteholder. 
21.2  
The Issuer subject to the provisions of the Transaction Documents reserves the right at any 
time to vary or terminate the appointment of Mintos, the Lending Company and any other party 
to any of the Transaction Documents. 
22.  
FORCE MAJEURE 
Neither the Issuer nor Mintos will be responsible for any failure to perform any of its respective 
obligations under these Terms and Conditions which is due to any reason that is independent 
of that person’s will and has resulted from a force majeure event. A force majeure event will 
apply only and solely if that person has taken all steps that depend on it in order to perform the 
obligation. Once the force majeure event has finished, that person must immediately resume 
the performance of the obligation. The following circumstances will be considered as force 
majeure events: 
(a) 
extraordinary and unavoidable circumstances including natural disasters, fire, flood, 
earthquake, warfare, terror acts, riots and strikes; 
(b) 
technical failures, delays or malfunctions; failure of computers, communications 
systems, hardware and/or software; power supply malfunctions; or other critical 
infrastructure malfunctions, which neither the Issuer nor Mintos could have prevented 
or predicted; 
(c) 
decisions and/or activities of local and/or foreign public authorities, and/or international

--- Page 79 ---
78 
 
organisations; 
(d) 
entry into force, amendments and/or suspension of a statutory act binding on either the 
issuer or Mintos affecting the performance of obligations under these Terms and 
Conditions; and 
(e) 
any circumstance defined as a force majeure circumstance in any of the Transaction 
Documents. 
23.  
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
23.1 
The Notes (and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes) 
are governed by and will be construed in accordance with the law of the Republic of Latvia. 
23.2 
The courts of the Republic of Latvia are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may 
arise out of or in connection with the Notes (including any disputes relating to any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes) and accordingly any legal 
action or proceedings arising out of or in conjunction with the Notes may be brought in such 
courts. The Issuer and each of the Noteholders irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of such 
courts. 
24.  
AMENDMENTS AND MODIFICATIONS 
To comply with any applicable law, the Issuer may validly amend or supplement these Terms 
and Conditions by publishing the changed Terms and Conditions on the Platform without the 
consent of the Noteholders. 
25.  
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY, AND REPRESENTATION AND WARRANTIES OF THE 
NOTEHOLDER  
25.1 
Notwithstanding anything in the Base Prospectus, other than with respect to gross negligence 
or wilful misconduct by the Issuer and/or Mintos, neither the Issuer nor Mintos will be held liable 
by any Noteholder for: 
(a)  
any material error, misrepresentation, omission or fraud by the Lending Company; 
(b)  
failure of the Lending Company for whatever reason to inform the Issuer and/or Mintos 
of the Payment Event having occurred or for the information being inaccurate or wrong; 
(c) 
the Loan Receivables; or 
(d) 
determinations and decisions when distributing amounts under the Notes, including, 
when applying the Priority of Payments, deciding whether to defer payment or make a 
partial payment, relying upon or deciding if and when there is no realistic prospect of 
collecting further funds under a Series Specific Loan, including in the event of default 
of the Lending Company. 
25.2  
In any and all cases liability of the Issuer and/or Mintos to any Noteholder under these Terms 
and Conditions will be limited to the amount invested in the impacted Notes by the Noteholder. 
25.3 
Each Noteholder, on subscribing or buying any Note directly, through a strategy of the Platform 
or any other way, irrevocably accept and acknowledge that it is fully aware that:

--- Page 80 ---
79 
 
(a) 
the Issuer and Mintos do not make any representation or warranty in respect of, or will 
not at any time have any responsibility for, or, save as otherwise expressly provided in 
these Terms and Conditions, liability or obligation in respect of the performance and 
observance by any Borrower of its obligations under the relevant Series Specific Loan, 
the Lending Company of its obligations under the Cooperation Agreement, and/or by 
the pledgor of its obligations under the pledge agreement, or the recoverability of any 
sum of the principal, Interest, other return or any additional amounts (if any) due or to 
become due from any Borrower, the Lending Company, and/or the pledgor; 
(b) 
the Issuer and Mintos will not at any time have any responsibility for, or obligation or 
liability in respect of, the condition, financial or otherwise, covenant, creditworthiness, 
affairs, status or nature of any Borrower, the Lending Company, , the pledgor or any 
other person; 
(c) 
the Issuer and Mintos will not at any time be liable for any representation or warranty, 
or any act, default or omission of any Borrower, the Lending Company, the pledgor or 
other person; 
(d) 
the Issuer will not at any time have any responsibility for, or liability or obligation in 
respect of, the performance and observance by Mintos of its obligations under the 
Transaction Documents or any other agreement entered or to be entered into by and 
between the Noteholders and Mintos;  
(e) 
financial servicing and performance of the terms of the Notes depend upon both the 
performance by each Borrower of its obligations under the Series Specific Loan, its 
duties to make payments under the Series Specific Loan and its credit and financial 
standing, and the performance by the Lending Company, and/or the pledgor of their 
respective contractual obligations towards the Issuer and Mintos as well as their 
respective credit and financial standing; 
(f) 
the Notes, which the Noteholder has or will acquire, reflect the performance of the 
relevant Series Specific Loans. The Noteholder has no direct recourse to any of the 
Series Specific Loans or the corresponding Loan Receivables. Once the Loan 
Receivables have been realised according to these Terms and Conditions, the 
Noteholder is not entitled to take any further steps against the Issuer or Mintos to 
recover any further sums due and the right to receive any such sum will be 
extinguished. The Noteholder accepts not to attach or otherwise seize any of the assets 
of the Issuer. In particular, the Noteholder will not be entitled to petition or take any step 
for the winding-up, the liquidation or the bankruptcy of the Issuer or any similar 
insolvency-related proceedings and such petition or action will be treated as null and 
void as from its initiation time; and 
(g) 
the Investment Accounts will be opened and held by the Noteholder fully operational 
with Mintos while the Noteholder holds any Notes.

--- Page 81 ---
80 
 
12. 
TAXATION 
The information provided in this section will not be treated as legal or tax advice; and prospective 
investors are advised to consult their own tax advisors as to the tax consequences of the subscription, 
ownership and disposal of the Notes applicable to their particular circumstances. The following is a 
general summary of certain tax considerations in the Republic of Latvia in relation to the Notes. It is not 
exhaustive and does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax consequences relating to the Notes, 
as well as it does not take into account or discuss the tax implications of any country other than the 
Republic of Latvia. 
Tax laws of the Noteholder’s country of residence for taxation purposes and of the Issuer’s 
country of residence may have an impact on the income received from the Notes. 
This summary is based on the laws of Latvia as in force on the date of this Base Prospectus and is 
subject to any change in the law that may take effect after such date, provided that such changes could 
apply also retroactively. 
Latvia has entered into a number of tax conventions on elimination of the double taxation (hereinafter 
– DTT), which may provide a more favourable taxation regime. Therefore, if there is a valid DTT 
between Latvia and the country of tax residence of a prospective Noteholder, it should also be 
examined. The procedures for application of tax conventions are provided in the Republic of Latvia 
Cabinet of Ministers’ Regulations No. 178 “Procedures for Application of Tax Relief Determined in 
International Agreements for Prevention of Double Taxation and Tax Evasion”, adopted on 30 April 
2001. 
Taxation of the Issuer 
Issuer is a corporate income taxpayer in Latvia. According to the Latvian tax law, the annual profit 
earned by entities in Latvia is not taxed. Instead, corporate income tax is paid on dividends, fringe 
benefits, gifts, donations, representation costs, non–business related disbursements and transfer 
pricing adjustments. The tax rate applicable is 20%, however, the taxable base is divided by the 
coefficient 0.8, thus the effective corporate income tax rate is 25%.  
Taxation of the Noteholders individuals 
Resident individuals 
An individual will be considered as a resident of Latvia for taxation purposes, if at least one of the 
following requirements is met: 
● 
the declared place of residence is in Latvia; 
● 
the person stays in Latvia for at least 183 days over the course of a period of 12 consecutive 
calendar months; 
● 
the person is a Latvian citizen who is employed by the government of Latvia in a foreign country. 
In accordance with the Latvian tax laws the interest income received by the individual tax resident in 
Latvia is subject to tax at the rate of 20%. The interest income from the Notes for resident individuals 
will be subject to 20 % personal income tax that will be withheld by the Issuer before the Interest 
payment is made by the Issuer to the Noteholder.  
The tax withheld by the Issuer is a final tax liability on the interest income received.

--- Page 82 ---
81 
 
The income from the sale of the Notes is treated as an income similar to the interest income for the 
Latvian personal income tax purposes and will be subject to 20% personal income tax and the tax is 
payable by the individual him/herself. 
Non-resident individuals 
An individual would be considered as a non-resident of Latvia for taxation purposes in all cases unless 
he/she is a tax resident of Latvia. Interest income from the Notes received by the non-resident individual 
will be subject to personal income tax in Latvia according to the rate set forth by law, which is currently 
20%. According to the general practice the tax withheld in Latvia might be deducted from the tax payable 
by the investor in his/her residence country (as tax paid abroad). However, we recommend consulting 
with the respective country's tax administration or tax adviser to clarify the procedure and documents 
required to perform such a deduction (if any).  
The tax rate might be reduced based on the Double Tax Treaty between Latvia and the respective 
country. The list of the Double Tax Treaties concluded by Latvia is available here: 
https://www.vid.gov.lv/sites/default/files/tax_treaties_28032018.pdf 
 
The income from the sale of the Notes will be subject to 20% tax and the tax would be payable by the 
individual him/herself, if the buyer of the Notes is an individual or legal entity non-resident of Latvia. If 
the buyer is a legal entity - resident of Latvia, the tax at the rate of 3% will be withheld by the buyer. 
Taxation of the Noteholders - legal entities 
Resident legal entities 
A legal entity is considered as a resident of Latvia for tax purposes if it is established pursuant to the 
Latvian law. Interest payments on the Notes and proceeds from the disposal of the Notes received by 
Latvian resident legal entities will not be subject to withholding tax in Latvia. Under the Latvian tax law, 
retained earnings are exempt from corporate income tax and only distributions are taxed. Distributed 
gross profits are subject to the 20% profit tax. Corporate income tax on net amount of profit distribution 
is determined by dividing net amount with a coefficient of 0.8 (i.e., effective tax rate on net distributed 
profit is 25%).  
Non-resident legal entities 
A legal entity would be considered as a non-resident of Latvia for taxation purposes in all cases unless 
it is a tax resident of Latvia. The interest income and capital gains from the sale of the Notes for non-
resident legal entities will not be taxable in Latvia (i.e. gross income will be paid), except if the income 
recipient is located, registered or incorporated in a no-tax or low-tax country (so called “tax havens”; if 
this is the case - 20% tax will be withheld by the Issuer in Latvia). The list of “tax havens” according to 
the Latvian law includes US Guam, US Samoa, US Virgin Islands, Republic of Fiji, Republic of Palau, 
Republic of Panama, Independent State of Samoa, Republic of Trinidad and Tobago, Republic of 
Vanuatu. The list of mentioned countries and territories may be amended from time to time.

--- Page 83 ---
82 
 
13. 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
The form of Final Terms that will be issued in respect of each Series, subject only to the deletion of non-
applicable provisions, is set out below. The completed Final Terms for each Series, which are described 
in this Base Prospectus as the "Final Terms" will be published on the website: www.mintos.com. 
 
Final Terms dated [...][...] [...] 
SIA Mintos FInance No.27 (the “Issuer”) 
(incorporated as a limited liability company and registered in the Republic of Latvia with registration 
number Reg. No: 40203396269)  
LEI: 98450096A9A6AENC4C09 
Series [...] EUR [...] Notes 
relating to the Loans with the reference numbers: 
[...] 
issued by SIA Mintos Finance (the SPV) to Limited Liability Partnership "Microfinance Organization 
OnlineKazFinance"       (the Lending Company) linked to loans issued by the Lending Company to its 
borrowers 
Terms used herein will be deemed to be as defined in the Base Prospectus dated 10.06.2022. for the 
purpose of the Prospectus Regulation, in respect of Notes issued by the Issuer. This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8.4 of the 
Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus. Full information on 
the Issuer and the offer of Notes is only available on the basis of a combination of these Final Terms 
and the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. The Base Prospectus [and the supplements, if any] is 
available for viewing on the website [www.mintos.com/***]. The summary of the individual issue of the 
Notes is annexed to these Final Terms as Appendix 1.  
Part 1 - Contractual terms 
1.1. Information concerning the Notes to be offered to the public:  
Number 
Disclosure requirement 
Details 
1.1.1. 
Series: 
[...] 
1.1.2. 
ISIN Code: 
LV[...] 
1.1.3. 
Specified Currency: 
[...] 
1.1.4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount:  
[...] 
1.1.5. 
Specified Denominations: 
The Series Aggregate Nominal Amount is divided 
into [...] Notes.  
 
Nominal 
amount 
of 
the 
Note 
is 
[...].  
 
1.1.6. 
Issue Price: 
100% of the Notes nominal amount  
1.1.7. 
Offer Price of one Note: 
[...] or Principal Amount Outstanding of one Note 
1.1.8. 
Issue Date: 
[...] 
1.1.9. 
Maturity Date: 
[...]

--- Page 84 ---
83 
 
1.1.10. 
Interest Rate: 
[...]% per annum 
1.1.11. 
Interest Accrual Periods:  
 
 
From the Notes purchase date up to, but not 
including the Loan Interest Payment Date for the first 
Interest payment. 
From the previous Loan Interest Payment Date up 
to, but not including the next Loan Interest Payment 
Date or Loan Repayment Date for the last Interest 
payment 
1.1.12. 
Interest Payment Date (s): 
Up to 10 Business Days after the corresponding 
Loan Interest Payment Date (1.2.24.) and subject to 
the actual receipt by the Issuer of the relevant 
payment in relation to the Loan from the Lending 
Company 
1.1.13. 
Redemption Date (s): 
Up to 10 Business Days after the corresponding 
Loan Repayment Date (1.2.24.) and subject to the 
actual receipt by the Issuer of the relevant payment 
in relation to the Loan from the Lending Company 
1.1.14. 
Indication of Yield: 
[...]% per annum 
1.1.15. 
Buyback Obligation: 
[...]

--- Page 85 ---
84 
 
1.2. Information relating to the Series Specific Loans  
Information relevant to the pool of Series Specific Loans and the Borrowers’ Loans to then   
Number 
Disclosure requirement 
Details 
1.2.1. 
Borrowers’ Loan type: 
[...] 
1.2.2. 
Borrowers’ 
Loan 
disbursement 
currency: 
[...] 
1.2.3. 
Total outstanding principal amount 
of Series Specific Loans 
transferred to the Issuer (EUR) 
 
[...] 
1.2.4. 
Series Specific Loans Interest rate 
(%) 
[...] 
1.2.5. 
Late Payment Interest (%):  
[...] 
1.2.6. 
Grace Period 
[...] days 
1.2.7. 
Amortization method: 
[...] 
1.2.8. 
Extension possibility: 
[...] 
1.2.9. 
Limit on the number of Extensions:  [...] 
1.2.10. 
Total 
maximum 
time 
limit 
of 
Extensions: 
[...] calendar days as of the Loan Final Repayment 
Date

--- Page 86 ---
85 
 
Information on the Series Specific Loans and the Borrower’s Loans linked to them 
Series Specific Loans 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1.2.11.Loan ID 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
1.2.12. Outstanding 
  principal amount 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
1.2.13. Final 
  Repayment Date* 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
Borrower’s Loans 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1.2.14.Loan ID 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
1.2.15. Outstanding 
  principal amount 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
1.2.16. Final 
  Repayment Date* 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
1.2.17. Initial Loan-to-
Value (LTV) (%) 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
1.2.18. Current 
  Loan-to-Value (LTV) (%) 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...]

--- Page 87 ---
86 
 
1.2.19. Borrower' s details  
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
1.2.20. Collateral provided 
by the Borrower to the 
Lending Company 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
1.2.21. Collateral 
description 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
*Unless the early Loan repayment and/or the Loan term extension takes place. For more information, please see Section 9 “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” 
in the Base Prospectus  
1.2.22. Loan Interest Payment Dates and Loan Repayment Dates and amounts 
 
Loan ID 
[...] 
[...][...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
Loan 
Repayment 
Date and  
Loan Interest 
Payment Date  
Principal / 
Interest  
Principal / 
Interest 
Principal / 
interest 
Principal / 
Interest 
Principal / 
Interest 
Principal / 
Interest 
Principal / 
Interest 
Principal / 
Interest 
Principal 
/Interest 
Principal /Interest 
[...]  
[...] / [...] 
[...] / [...] 
[...] / [...] 
[...] / [...] 
[...] / [...] 
[...] / [...] 
[...] / [...] 
[...] / [...] 
[...] / [...] 
[...] / [...]

--- Page 88 ---
87

--- Page 89 ---
88 
 
 
Part 2 - Responsibility and authorisation  
The Management Board of the Issuer: 
Title Name, surname 
Chairman of the Management Board Martins Sulte 
Member of the Management Board Martins Valters 
accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms which, when read together 
with the Base Prospectus referred to above, contains all information that is material to the issue of the 
Notes. 
 
The information provided in the elements 1.2.1., 1.2.2., 1.2.14. – 1.2.21. above has been sourced from 
Limited Liability Partnership "Microfinance Organization OnlineKazFinance"       (the “Lending 
Company”). The information provided in the elements 1.2.3. - 1.2.13., and 1.2.22. above has been 
sourced from SIA Mintos Finance (the “SPV”). 
Hereby the Issuer confirms that this information has been accurately reproduced according to the 
process of information exchange via API, provided in the Transaction Documents and that as far as the 
Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information provided by the Lending Company and/or SPV, 
no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
For the aforesaid limitation of the Issuer's and Mintos liability provided in the Section 11 Subsection 25 
“Limitation of a Liability” in the Base Prospectus applies. 
This Notes Series issue is authorised by [...] of the Issuer, Minutes No. [...] as of [...] [...] 202[...].