--- Page 2 ---
1 
 
Dated 31.10.2024 
SIA Mintos Finance No. 45 
(incorporated as a limited liability company and registered in the Republic of Latvia with registration 
number 40203407882 and LEI: 98450059H090976DBC22) 
 
EUR 20 000 000 (twenty million euro) Note Programme  
Under this Programme, the Issuer may from time to time issue Notes denominated in any currency as 
determined by the Issuer. The Notes will be distributed by way of a public offer. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of the Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of the Notes, 
the issue price of the Notes and any other terms and conditions applicable to the Notes and not contained 
in this Base Prospectus will be set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
Notes will be issued in registered form. The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time 
to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed EUR 20 000 000 (twenty million euro) (or its 
equivalent in other currencies). 
Any payment under the Notes is dependent on, and limited to, the underlying assets. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the NCA, as competent authority 
under the Prospectus Regulation. The NCA has only approved this Base Prospectus as meeting the 
standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. 
This approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the Notes that 
are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the 
appropriateness and suitability of investing in the Notes.  
The public offer of the Notes is made in Latvia, France, Germany, Italy, Poland, Netherlands, Czech 
Republic, Belgium, Austria, Portugal and Spain under this Base Prospectus.  
During the validity period of this Base Prospectus the Issuer plans to request that the NCA provides 
competent authorities under the Prospectus Regulation in Bulgaria, Croatia, Republic of Cyprus, 
Denmark, Estonia, Finland, Greece, Hungary, Iceland, Ireland, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, 
Malta, Norway, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia and Sweden with a certificate of approval attesting that this 
Base Prospectus has been drawn up following the Prospectus Regulation. When such a certificate shall 
be obtained it will be permitted to make the public offer under this Base Prospectus in other Member 
States, and the Issuer shall ensure that Mintos provides information about it on the Platform. Such 
certificate, if and when received, should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality 
of the Notes. 
This Base Prospectus will be valid for a period of up to 12 months after its approval by the NCA. In the 
event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to information included in this 
Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, the Issuer will prepare a 
supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any 
subsequent issue of Notes. The obligation to prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a 
new Base Prospectus in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy will cease 
to apply upon the expiry of the validity period of this Base Prospectus. 
The principal risk factors that may affect the abilities of the Issuer to fulfil its obligations under 
the Notes are discussed in the section entitled ‘2. RISK FACTORS’ of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 3 ---
2 
 
Capitalised terms used in this Base Prospectus have the meaning given to them in the section entitled 
‘GLOSSARY’ of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 4 ---
3 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 
GLOSSARY 
4 
1. 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
7 
2. 
RISK FACTORS 
9 
3. 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
19 
4. 
TRANSACTION OVERVIEW 
22 
5. 
THE ISSUER 
27 
6. 
MINTOS 
29 
7. 
THE BONDS’ ISSUER  
31 
8. 
THE BONDS  
33 
9. 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
35 
10. 
TAXATION 
52 
11. 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
54

--- Page 5 ---
4 
 
GLOSSARY 
API 
application programming interface to exchange and transmit information and 
data in a structured form between the Issuer and Mintos. 
Base Prospectus 
this base prospectus. 
 
Cooperation 
Agreement 
the cooperation agreement between the Issuer and Mintos in relation to the 
Notes. 
EDS Group 
means a group of legal entities comprising the Bonds' Issuer and its direct or 
indirect subsidiaries.  
Final Terms 
any duly completed final terms in the form set out in section 11 of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Investment 
Accounts  
the separate accounts at Mintos of the Investor. 
Investor 
a person registered and accepted on the Platform as an investor. 
Issuer 
SIA Mintos Finance No. 45, registered on 17.06.2022 in the Commercial 
Register of the Register of Enterprises of the Republic of Latvia, with registration 
number: 40203407882, registered address: Skanstes street 52, Riga, LV-1013, 
a special purpose entity whose principal purpose is the issue of Notes. 
Issuer’s Account 
the cash funds account of the Issuer opened with Mintos which is used solely 
for settling payments with the Investors. 
Bonds 
Bonds’ Issuer issued bonds held by the Issuer as an asset backed security for 
the Notes. 
Bonds’ Issuer 
UAB EASY DEBT SERVICE, a private limited liability company incorporated on 
05.10.2016 and existing under the laws of the Republic of Lithuania, registered 
under number 304406834 and having its registered address at Antano Tumėno 
str. 4-1101, Vilnius, Lithuania, registrar VĮ Registrų Centras (Centre of 
Registers). 
Bonds’ 
Issuer 
Prospectus 
Bonds’ Issuers Terms of Notes issue programme in amount up to EUR 8 000 
000 (eight million euro). The Bonds issue is a private placement arranged in 
compliance with article 1(4)(d) of the Prospectus Regulation. The Bonds’ Issuer 
has not and shall not undertake any obligation to register the initial placement 
of the Bonds for public offer with any competent authority in any jurisdiction. 
The Bonds shall be exclusively offered for subscription in accordance with 
article 1(4)(d) of the Prospectus Regulation. Bonds’ Issuers Terms of the Notes 
issue programme available here.

--- Page 6 ---
5 
 
Bonds’ 
Receivables 
The Bond’s interest rate is expected to be announced by the Bonds' Issuer on 
the date when a new Bonds' tranche is issued and that particular rate will be set 
in a particular Bonds' tranche terms issued under the Bonds' Issuer Prospectus. 
The Bonds’ interest is payable quarterly every 25 October, 25 January, 25 April, 
25 July (as well as on the redemption day of the relevant Bond tranche if that 
day does not fall on an interest payment date and to the extent the interest has 
accrued by said redemption day from the immediately preceding interest 
payment date). 
Mintos 
AS Mintos Marketplace, a joint stock company registered in the Commercial 
Register of the Register of Enterprises of the Republic of Latvia under unified 
registration number 40103903643 on 1 June 2015, having registered address 
50 Skanstes Street, Riga, LV-1013, Latvia, an investment firm authorised by the 
NCA, which provides investment and related services to Investors through the 
Platform. 
Mintos Group 
AS Mintos Holdings, a joint stock company registered in the Commercial 
Register of the Register of Enterprises of the Republic of Latvia under unified 
registration number 40103902690 on 27 May 2015, and any of its subsidiaries. 
NCA 
the Bank of Latvia (in Latvian: Latvijas Banka), national competent authority and 
the competent authority supervising investment services in the Republic of 
Latvia (https://www.bank.lv), and as competent authority under the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
Notes 
the notes issued or to be issued under this Programme. 
Noteholder 
the holder for the time being of any Note. 
Placement 
Agreement  
the placement agreement between the Bonds’ Issuer and Mintos in relation to 
fees to be paid to Mintos for enabling Notes to be offered to Investors. 
Platform 
sites created and serviced by Mintos, merged under the domain name 
www.mintos.com and software application to access it from a smartphone. 
Prospectus 
Regulation 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to 
the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing Directive 
2003/71/EC and includes any commission delegated regulation under the 
Prospectus Regulation. 
Programme 
this EUR 20 000 000 (twenty million euro) Note Programme. 
Securities Act 
the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
Series 
a series of Notes. 
Transaction 
the Cooperation Agreement, the Placement Agreement and any other

--- Page 7 ---
6 
 
Documents 
document designated by the Issuer as a Transfer Document. 
Transfer 
Document 
the documents evidencing the transfer of Notes from the Issuer to Investor; and 
transfer of Bonds and / or Bonds’ Receivables from the Bonds’ Issuer to the 
Issuer in accordance with the terms of the Bonds’ Issuer Prospectus.

--- Page 8 ---
7 
 
1. 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION 
o 
What is Mintos? 
Mintos provides solutions for investors looking to build wealth through long-term investing. With loans, 
bonds, ETFs, real estate, and Smart Cash, Mintos offers a unique mix of alternative and traditional 
investments for long-term investors. This one-of-a-kind offering enables retail investors to consolidate 
their portfolios and easily manage all their long-term investments from a single platform. 
Mintos has over 500 thousand registered users, and manages more than EUR 600 million in assets under 
administration (as of 30 June 2024). 
Mintos is an authorised investment firm in the European Union under MiFID (Markets in Financial 
Instruments Directive). For more information, see section ‘6. MINTOS’ of this Base Prospectus. 
o 
What are Notes?  
Notes are financial instruments, namely asset backed securities, issued by the Issuer via Mintos to 
Investors and backed up by the Bonds. The Issuer by means of Platform provides access to investments 
in Bonds through the offer and issue of Notes. For the Investors' convenience this sort of Notes that will 
be offered on Platform will be called “Fractional Bonds” to differentiate these particular Notes from other 
notes that are also offered on Platform but are backed up by other assets. 
The Notes are backed up by the Bonds meaning that the Bonds are held by the Issuer on a separate 
securities account with a regulated credit institution to act as collateral for the Notes issued. 
The Notes will bear the same interest as Bonds’ Receivables which is an interest that will be paid to 
bondholders as provided in the Bonds’ Issuer Prospectus, see also section 9 of this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer might offer Notes applying the same principles as the Issuer has acquired Bonds. For example, 
if the nominal value of the acquired Bonds will be EUR 100 but the price at which the Bonds were 
purchased was EUR 96, the Issuer will issue Notes in EUR 100 of aggregate nominal amount with the 
issue price of EUR 96. 
The reason to offer Notes is to give Investors opportunity to invest with relatively small amounts and to 
provide diversity in their investment portfolios with exposure to assets that usually require substantial 
investment amounts due to a relatively high minimum investment threshold. Notes are also a well-known 
product to Mintos Investors and by extending notes offering it provides Investors with even more options 
to invest in asset-backed securities. 
The Issuer is a special purpose legal entity established for the purposes of: 
● 
purchasing Bonds for the purpose of issuance of Notes and dealing with the Bonds according to 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, see the section 9 of this Base Prospectus; 
● 
issuing Notes to Investors via Mintos. 
The Issuer may issue financial instruments (notes) in cooperation also with other bonds’ issuers. 
See the sections entitled ‘5. THE ISSUER’ and ‘7. THE BONDS’ ISSUER’ of this Base Prospectus for 
more information. 
o 
The flow of funds for repayment of Notes  
Each time there is Bonds’ Receivables payment made by the Bonds’ Issuer, the Bonds’ Issuer transfers

--- Page 9 ---
8 
 
funds to the Issuer, which in turn makes payments under the relevant Series of Notes to the relevant 
Investor via Mintos. The payments are received into the relevant Investment Account.  
 
This means that if the Bonds’ Issuer:  
● 
is late on its Bonds’ Receivables scheduled payment, payments to the Investors will also be 
delayed; and 
● 
does not pay Bonds’ Receivables to the bondholders, there will be no interest payments to the 
Investors under the Notes.  
o 
The flow of funds for investment in Notes 
To invest in Notes, the Investor provides instructions on the Platform to reserve a certain amount of 
Investor's available funds to purchase Notes. Reserved funds are held by Mintos up to the day when 
Investors’ funds are transferred by Mintos to the Issuer’s bank account to acquire the Bonds. The Notes 
are delivered to the Investment Account on the Bonds’ settlement day. The Issuer issues a Series of 
Notes corresponding to the purchased Bonds to Investors via Mintos. When an Investor purchases any 
Note of the Series, the Investment Accounts are credited with the Note and debited with the purchase 
price of the Note. The purchase price is transferred to the Bonds’ Issuer.

--- Page 10 ---
9 
 
2. 
RISK FACTORS  
The Issuer believes that the factors listed in this section of the Base Prospectus may affect its ability to 
fulfil its obligations under the Notes. All of these risk factors and events are contingencies which may or 
may not occur and the Issuer is not in a position to express a view on the likelihood of any such 
contingency occurring. In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market 
risks associated with the Notes are also described below.  
Although the most material risk factors have been presented first within each category, the order in which 
the remaining risks are presented is not necessarily an indication of the likelihood of the risks actually 
materialising, the potential significance of the risks or the scope of any potential negative impact to the 
Issuer's or the Bonds’ Issuer’s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. The 
Issuer and/or the Bonds’ Issuer may face a number of these risks described below simultaneously. While 
the risk factors below have been divided into categories, some risk factors could belong in more than one 
category and prospective investors should carefully consider all of the risk factors set out in this section.  
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the material risks inherent to investing in 
the Notes, but the inability of the Issuer or the Bonds’ Issuer to pay interest, principal or other amounts 
on or in connection with any Notes may occur for other reasons and the statements below regarding the 
risks of investing in any Notes are not exhaustive. Other risks, events, facts or circumstances not included 
in this Base Prospectus, not presently known to the Issuer, or that the Issuer at the date of this Base 
Prospectus deems to be immaterial could, individually or cumulatively, prove to be important and may 
have a significant negative impact on the Issuer's or the Bonds Issuer’s business, financial condition, 
results of operations and prospects. Prospective investors should carefully review the entire Base 
Prospectus and should form their own views before making an investment decision with respect to the 
Notes.  
Before making an investment decision with respect to any Notes, prospective investors should consult 
their own lawyers, accountants or other financial, legal and tax advisers and carefully review the risks 
entailed by an investment in the Notes and consider such an investment decision in the light of the 
prospective investor's personal circumstances.  
o 
RISKS SPECIFIC TO THE BONDS’ ISSUER  
The Bonds' Issuer is the holding company of EDS Group, which is the direct owner of all the EDS Group 
subsidiaries. EDS Group companies are dealing with debt purchase and workout of non-performing debt 
portfolios and assets of large corporations in Lithuania.  
The risk factors described below may affect Bonds' Issuer ability to fulfil its obligations under the Bonds' 
Issuer Prospectus. Before making an investment decision, prospective investors should consider the 
following risk factors. The risks described below are not the only risks related to the Bonds' Issuer or other 
EDS Group companies. Additional risks that the Bonds' Issuer is currently unaware of or that the Bonds' 
Issuer currently considers to be insignificant may also harm/impact the Bonds' Issuers operations. The 
information provided in this section is current but may be changed, added to, or edited at any time without 
prior notice. 
The risks are related, but not limited to:  
1. 
Operating environment 
1.1. Macro Economical and political risk

--- Page 11 ---
10 
 
Market demand for the Bonds' Issuer services/products may vary due to macroeconomic changes such 
as recessions, inflation, deflation, declines in the retail sector, and shifts in consumer purchasing power. 
Economic uncertainties or political disturbances that impact consumer spending habits could negatively 
affect the demand for the Bonds' Issuer services/products, thereby adversely influencing its business 
performance, financial health, and operational results. 
1.2. Regulatory environment 
The Bonds' Issuer adheres to the legislative and regulatory framework applicable to the Bonds' Issuer as 
of the current date. However, as laws and regulations evolve, the Bonds' Issuer cannot guarantee 
immediate adaptation to new requirements without significant adjustments. Adapting to such changes 
might incur unpredictable costs, potentially resulting in a considerable negative impact on the Bonds' 
Issuer business operations, and financial performance. 
1.3. Tax legislation 
Changes in local tax laws or challenges to the Bonds' Issuer tax structure could significantly affect its 
operational outcomes, profitability, and growth prospects. The Bonds' Issuer tax strategies involve 
managerial judgement and could be subject to scrutiny or challenges from tax authorities due to possible 
misinterpretations of tax laws. 
1.4. Geopolitical risk 
Geopolitical tensions and conflicts can have far-reaching effects on the global economic landscape, 
potentially disrupting supply chains, altering trade patterns, and affecting commodity prices. The Bonds' 
Issuer operations and financial performance could be adversely impacted by geopolitical instabilities. 
Such events can lead to increased operational costs, disrupt market access, and pose challenges to 
availability of various resources. 
1.5. Environmental risk 
Environmental risk encompasses the potential negative impact of environmental changes and natural 
disasters on the Bonds' Issuer operations. This includes risks related to climate change, such as more 
frequent and severe weather events, which can damage infrastructure, negatively impact availability of 
other resources, or lead to increased regulatory scrutiny. Additionally, evolving environmental regulations 
can impose new compliance requirements, potentially leading to increased operational costs and affecting 
profitability. 
2. 
Business operations and credit risk 
2.1. Credit risk 
Credit risk relates to the Bonds' Issuer long-term financial obligations. The Bonds' Issuer has witnessed 
increased financial leverage due to challenges in the past few years, including the Covid-19 pandemic 
and political instability in nearby markets, which led to disruptions in production and supply chains. While 
the Bonds' Issuer anticipates a decrease in financial leverage there is a risk that there might be challenges 
in the financial situation, that may result in a reduction in its cash flow generated from operations and the 
Bonds' Issuer may become unable to fully service its financial commitments. This, in turn, would affect 
the Bonds' Issuer business prospect and ability to settle its obligations towards investors.

--- Page 12 ---
11 
 
2.2. Liquidity risk 
This risk pertains to the Bonds' Issuer capability to maintain sufficient liquidity to meet its financial 
obligations on time as a result of insufficient liquidity or difficulty in raising new funds. If the Bonds' Issuer 
is unable to obtain sufficient borrowings, either due to banking or capital markets conditions generally, or 
due to factors specific to its business, EDS Group may not have sufficient cash to develop new projects, 
fund acquisitions or meet ongoing financing needs, which in turn could materially and adversely affect the 
revenues, operating results, cash flows and financial condition. 
2.3. Interest rate risk 
Interest rate risk involves potential adverse effects on the Bonds’ Issuer financial position and economic 
value due to fluctuations in interest rates. Changes in the macroeconomic environment could significantly 
influence interest rate trends for various currencies, exposing the Bonds' Issuer to risks. Negative shifts 
in interest rates and currencies could materially deteriorate the Bonds' Issuer financial health. 
2.4. Litigation risk 
Litigation risk embodies the potential financial, operational, and reputational repercussions that could 
arise from legal actions brought against the Bonds' Issuer, spanning from regulatory disputes to 
contractual disagreements, intellectual property challenges, and beyond. This risk is particularly 
pronounced in sectors subject to rigorous regulatory scrutiny, but it is relevant to all entities that may find 
themselves at the centre of legal proceedings. The implications of litigation extend beyond the immediate 
financial burdens of legal defence, settlements, or judgments, affecting the Bonds' Issuer resource 
allocation, market position, and stakeholder confidence. 
2.5. Information technology and cyber security risk 
The Bonds' Issuer relies on its IT systems for daily operations. Disruptions or security breaches in these 
systems pose a threat to its business continuity and security. 
2.6. Reputational risk 
The Bonds' Issuer market position and stakeholder relationships could be significantly harmed by 
negative events or publicity, influenced by factors such as operational incidents, regulatory non-
compliance, and ethical issues. 
2.7. Counterparty risk 
The Bonds' Issuer encounters counterparty risk in its operations, especially from partners involved in 
similar projects. Defaults by any business partner could lead to significant financial losses and reputational 
damage. 
2.8. Competition risk 
The Bonds' Issuer operates in a competitive environment, where it faces the constant threat of existing 
and new competitors. This competition can manifest in several ways, including through the development 
of alternative products, services, or technologies that could potentially capture market share from the 
Bonds' Issuer. Competitors might also engage in aggressive pricing strategies, enhanced service 
offerings, or marketing initiatives aimed at enticing the Bonds' Issuer customers. The emergence of such 
competitive pressures could lead to a reduction in the Bonds' Issuer revenue, profit margins and market 
positions.

--- Page 13 ---
12 
 
2.9. Human resources risk 
The success of the Bonds' Issuer hinges on the expertise and dedication of its highly skilled workforce, 
necessitating intricate resource planning and prioritisation between business and regulatory development 
amongst ongoing operations. The challenge of maintaining a competitive edge relies on the Bonds' Issuer 
capacity to attract and retain talented employees amid fierce competition from both within and outside the 
financial services sector. Cost efficiency pressures and potential constraints on wage growth could hinder 
the Bonds' Issuer ability to attract or maintain the staff, impacting its ability to seize business opportunities, 
enhance efficiencies, or manage assets profitably. 
2.10. Refinancing risk 
The Bonds' Issuer may have to refinance the Bonds issue. The Bonds' Issuer ability to successfully 
refinance its debt depends on the conditions of the debt capital markets and its financial condition at the 
time. Even if the situation in the debt capital markets improves, the Bonds' Issuer may not be able to 
obtain financing on favourable terms at some point. This could adversely affect the Bonds' Issuer and/or 
EDS Group's business, financial condition, earnings, and the investor's return on investment in the Bonds. 
3. AML and sanction compliance risk 
Bonds’ Issuer must comply with the Laws of the Republic of Lithuania on the Prevention of Money 
Laundering and Terrorist Financing (in force since 19 June 1997, last amended 15 April 2021) and Law 
On International Sanctions (in force since 22 April 2004). The Bonds’ Issuer takes necessary measures 
to comply with the regulations. However, there is a risk that its established processes may not be entirely 
effective, and the Bonds’ Issuer may fail to comply with the mandatory regulations. 
o 
RISKS SPECIFIC TO THE UNDERLYING ASSET - BONDS 
Before considering an investment in Notes backed by Bonds, it is essential to recognize the array of 
potential challenges and uncertainties that come from investing in this underlying financial instrument.  
 
Considering that Bonds repayment is heavily related to the Bonds Issuer’s financial position and the 
security package, the main risks related to the underlying bonds are listed below.  
 
1. 
Risks related to the nature of the Bonds:  
● 
Maturity Repayment Uncertainty: there is a risk that the Bonds’ Issuer may be unable to repay or 
refinance the Bonds at maturity, potentially requiring waivers or refinancing. Bondholders might 
not receive their principal and interest payments as expected. 
● 
Inflation risk: inflation may reduce the future buying power of the Bond's interest payments and 
principal, potentially leading to higher interest rates and lower market value of the instrument. 
● 
Early redemption risk: The Bonds’ Issuer reserves the right to redeem the Bonds early, as 
specified in the Bonds' Issuer Prospectus. If an early redemption occurs, the investment yield 
may be lower than initially expected. The Bonds' Issuer cannot guarantee the avoidance of 
extraordinary early redemption events, such as a change of control, which would require Bonds 
redemption according to the specified procedures, potentially reducing the investment yield. 
● 
Foreign Exchange Risks: as the Bonds are denominated in EUR, investors using other currencies 
face foreign exchange-related risks due to currency value fluctuations, affecting their returns. 
● 
Interest Rate Impact: rising market interest rates can reduce the value of fixed-rate Bonds, 
potentially leading to market price declines if investors wish to sell. Bondholders are exposed to 
interest rate fluctuations. 
● 
Limited Trading Market: the absence of an established trading market for the Bonds can hinder 
liquidity, making it challenging to resell them at fair market prices.

--- Page 14 ---
13 
 
● 
Transaction costs risk: purchasing, subscribing to, or selling Bonds incurs various incidental 
expenses beyond the transaction price. Involvement of additional parties, such as domestic 
dealers or foreign brokers, may result in brokerage fees, commissions, and other charges. 
Changes in Lithuanian laws or new legislation may also introduce unforeseen expenses or taxes, 
potentially reducing the investment's return. 
● 
U.S. Securities Act Restrictions: the Bonds are not registered under the U.S. Securities Act, 
limiting their transfer and potentially affecting liquidity and sale prices. 
 
2. 
Risks related to the collateral and the collateral agent agreement: 
● 
Adequacy of collateral: the collateral may not be sufficient to cover all secured obligations, 
potentially leaving the Bonds’ Issuer payment obligations under the Bonds unsecured or 
inadequately secured. Enforcement may also face delays. 
● 
Valuation risk: The risk that the value of the pledged collateral decreases over time, which could 
be due to market fluctuations or changes in the asset's condition. This can lead to the collateral 
not fully covering the Bond's value if it needs to be liquidated. 
● 
Liquidity risk of the collateral: there is a possibility that the pledged assets cannot be quickly sold 
or liquidated at their fair market value if such scenario arises in order to cover the debt. 
● 
Legal and operational risks: there might arise potential disputes or deficiencies regarding the 
ownership or rights over the pledged assets. Legal challenges or unresolved title issues can 
hinder the ability to use the collateral effectively to secure the issue or recover the debt in case 
of default. Such complications could delay or prevent the bondholders from realising the value of 
the collateral, affecting their recovery prospects. 
● 
Depreciation of collateral value: the value of the collateral can depreciate over time due to various 
factors, including market dynamics, changes in demand. There is a risk that the collateral's value 
may decline over the Bond term, potentially becoming insufficient to cover the Bonds' Issuer 
obligations to bondholders fully. 
 
In summary, these risks encompass financial stability challenges for the Bonds' Issuer, uncertainty 
regarding bond repayment, legal complexities, credit rating implications, foreign exchange exposure, 
interest rate sensitivity, limited market liquidity, and regulatory restrictions. Investors should consider 
these factors when evaluating the underlying Bonds. These risks would also be directly reflected in the 
return for the Noteholders.  
 
o 
RISKS SPECIFIC TO MINTOS 
1. 
Various events and failures could cause situations where Mintos is not able to continue 
operations 
As a relatively new service, Mintos operates in a complex and dynamic regulatory and competitive 
environment and various events and failures could lead to Mintos terminating the provisioning of 
services, including the operations of the Platform. These events include but are not limited to 
revocation of licence, weak financial performance, negative reputation, non-compliance events, 
dramatic changes in the applicable regulations impacting Mintos operating model or an economic 
downturn. If Mintos ceases operations, this could significantly impact the Noteholder’s ability to 
receive repayment on time. 
Should Mintos enter liquidation or insolvency, as a regulated and supervised entity, the process 
will be supervised by the NCA. The appointed liquidator or administrator will take over the 
functions of the management board. Mintos will continue servicing its clients and the Investment 
Accounts, and relevant financial instruments portfolios in line with what Mintos is permitted to do 
according to the applicable insolvency and liquidation rules. The process from the moment of the 
appointment would be led by the appointed administrator or liquidator. In some cases, the 
Investors’ Protection Law may apply. Such processes may significantly influence the investment's

--- Page 15 ---
14 
 
return times and make the return more complex to the Noteholder. 
Furthermore, Mintos could for some reason suddenly stop honouring its obligations under the 
existing agreements, leading to delayed payments or partial or full loss of the amount invested in 
the Notes. 
2. 
Non-compliance with regulations could lead to revocation of Mintos’ licence 
To provide services to clients, Mintos, as the operator of the Platform, has received an investment 
firm licence from the NCA. The licence could be suspended or revoked due to non-compliance 
with regulations by Mintos. Loss of licence by Mintos could lead to delayed payments or partial 
or full loss of invested amount under the Notes. 
3. 
Failure of IT systems or a security breach could lead to significant liabilities and harm 
relationships with customers 
The technology that Mintos has developed over the years is a cornerstone of Mintos’ future 
success. The satisfactory performance, reliability and availability of the Platform is critical to its 
operations, customer service and reputation. 
While Mintos has taken steps to protect confidential information, the techniques used to obtain 
unauthorised, improper or illegal access to systems, data, or customer data, or to disable or 
degrade services are constantly evolving and may not be detected quickly. 
As a result, Mintos’ and Mintos’ third-party vendor security measures might be breached, and 
these security breaches could result in confidential client information being stolen. Breaches of 
security measures because of third-party action, employee error, third-party vendor error, design 
flaws in the software, or interruptions in Mintos’ systems and services could adversely impact our 
relationships with Mintos’ clients, harm Mintos’ reputation and expose Mintos to significant 
liability. 
Furthermore, in the event of damage or interruption, existing insurance policies may not 
adequately compensate Mintos and Mintos’ clients for any losses that may have been incurred. 
Nevertheless, as IT systems are crucial to Mintos’ operations, a substantial amount of resources 
is devoted to ensuring the stable and uninterrupted performance of the IT systems. 
4. 
Mintos’ bank accounts could be frozen or closed and banks, where the Noteholder funds 
are held, can become insolvent 
Mintos clients' funds, including the fund being deposited in the Issuer’s Account for settlement 
under the Notes, are kept segregated from Mintos’ own funds in several bank accounts marked 
as client funds accounts.  
One or several of those bank accounts that Mintos uses might be blocked, seized or closed for a 
number of reasons, including insolvency of the banks, resulting in interruptions of fund transfers 
to the Issuer and the Noteholder.  
5. 
Significant problem or termination of the agreement with a Mintos partner may affect the 
provision of services to the Investors 
While providing its services, Mintos relies on several carefully selected partners (e.g., cloud 
computing providers), and any problems with the service providers could impact Mintos’ ability to 
provide services to the Noteholder. Mintos has taken several steps to reduce the likelihood and

--- Page 16 ---
15 
 
impact of such occurrences, such as having backup service providers where feasible, there is still 
a risk that the Noteholder may not be able to access the Platform or receive services. 
6. 
Certain situations or actions may raise conflicts of interests 
While the rights and the responsibilities of Mintos and the Issuer are detailed in the Transaction 
Documents and this Base Prospectus, and Mintos has established policies and procedures to 
mitigate the risk, it is not possible to fully avoid the possibility of a conflict of interests between 
the parties that could impact the interests of the Noteholder. 
Mintos provides placement services to the Issuer with respect to the Notes, Mintos receives fees 
from the Bonds' Issuer for placement services. Mintos has carefully set up the fees in a compliant 
manner and so that it would not violate the conflict of interest management rules. Such placement 
fees might qualify as inducements and Mintos would disclose information on these inducements 
to the Noteholder. In addition to inducement disclosures, Mintos has set up internal procedures 
to identify and manage conflicts of interest. Some conflicts of interest require disclosure and those 
are disclosed. 
o 
RISKS SPECIFIC TO THE ISSUER 
1. 
The Issuer could default on its obligations or become insolvent 
The Issuer is a wholly-owned Mintos Group company, and not engaged in any business activities 
other than those provided in this Base Prospectus. There is a risk that the Issuer could suddenly 
stop effectively honouring its obligations under the existing agreements and breaching its 
provisions, resulting in missing repayments to the Noteholder. This could lead to delays in 
repayments and partial or full loss of invested amounts. 
While the Issuer is created, established and performs its operations as a special purpose 
undertaking, due to possible legal shortcomings of the applicable law and/or judicial practice, the 
Issuer might be found insolvent due to the following reasons, including, but not limited to, a 
Noteholder or other creditor initiating the insolvency procedure against the Issuer in bad faith and 
the court not finding limited recourse and non-petition provisions defined by this Base Prospectus 
as a sufficient ground to reject such proceeding. In such situations, the Noteholder could 
experience delays in receiving its invested funds and its priority as a creditor of the Issuer might 
be changed by the rule of law, leading to receiving fewer amounts than due under the Notes. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes (in section 9 of this Base Prospectus) are set up and 
drafted as having legal force and addressing concerns as legally binding contractual obligations. 
There can be external circumstances that might influence such legal construction, including, but 
not limited to court ruling, and/or new or modified legal enactments. 
2. 
Mintos may not be able to cover the maintenance and administrative costs of the Issuer 
Considering the pass-through nature of the Issuer, the maintenance costs and administrative 
expenses of the Issuer are, in essence, covered by Mintos, via a compensation mechanism. If for 
any reason mentioned above in ‘RISKS SPECIFIC TO MINTOS’, Mintos is not able to cover such 
costs, it could significantly influence the operations of the Issuer and its ability to service Notes 
and make payments to the Noteholder. 
3. 
Information asymmetry  
There is a risk that the Bonds’ Issuer can provide material information with delay or fails to provide

--- Page 17 ---
16 
 
information to the Issuer at all. As a consequence: 
● 
the Issuer through Mintos acting as its authorised representative will not be able to timely 
enforce its rights provided in the Transaction Documents and to act in the interests of 
Noteholders; and 
● 
the Issuer will not be able to prepare and publish supplements to this Base Prospectus 
in a timely manner, which could impact the Noteholders’ judgement on purchasing the 
Notes being unaware of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy related 
to the information being sourced from the Bonds’ Issuer. 
4. 
Cross-risks applicable to the Issuer 
Considering the pass-through nature of the Issuer, the Issuer and its abilities to pay amounts due 
to the Noteholders under the Note are exposed to all the risks listed above in ‘RISKS SPECIFIC 
TO THE UNDERLYING ASSET - BONDS’, and ‘RISKS SPECIFIC TO MINTOS’. 
o 
RISKS SPECIFIC TO NOTES 
1. 
The Noteholder has no rights of recourse against the Bonds’ Issuer, the Bonds’ guarantors 
or the security agent  
The Noteholder has no direct right to the Bonds. Instead, the Noteholder is acquiring Notes, which 
are backed by the corresponding Bonds. The legal title in the Bonds and relevant rights arising 
from them are vested in the Issuer. This means that the Noteholder will have no direct recourse 
against the Bonds' Issuer and no ability to independently and in its discretion to pursue the Bonds' 
Issuer to collect payments under the Bonds. For the same reason the Noteholder will have no 
direct recourse against the Bonds guarantor (if any) and/or the security agent and no ability to 
pursue the Bonds' Issuer, the Bonds guarantor (if any) and/or the security agent (if any) to enforce 
them to duly perform their duties and obligations due. All such actions are carried out by the 
Issuer as the legal owner of the Bonds according to the provisions of this Base Prospectus and 
the Transaction Documents. 
2. 
Change of creditors priority  
The outcome of judicial or insolvency procedure could overrule the creditors’ priority in this Base 
Prospectus due to requirements of the law, meaning that the Noteholders of one Series of Notes 
could become equal creditors to Noteholders of other Series of Notes, thus all the proceeds the 
Issuer receives from all the Notes is distributed on pro rata basis or otherwise. 
3. 
Certain costs may rank higher than payments to the Noteholder 
While it is the Issuer's responsibility to transfer to the Noteholder all payments that have been 
received from the Bonds’ Issuer, there are certain costs, such as taxes, Mintos’ fees and recovery 
costs that rank higher than payments to the Noteholder. This means that the Noteholder would 
only receive payment after the payment obligations of a higher priority have been settled.  
Also, there is a risk that the outcome of judicial or insolvency procedure could define other priority 
of payments, which differs from the priority in this Base Prospectus.  
4. 
Liabilities that are not Series specific will be allocated to all Series of Notes proportionally 
If there are higher priority costs, i.e., taxes, fees and recovery costs, related to the specific Note, 
then these will be covered from the payments due to the Noteholders according to the Priority of

--- Page 18 ---
17 
 
Payments defined in this Base Prospectus. Where the liability is not Series-specific, for example, 
legal costs, the liability will be allocated to all Series of Notes proportionally unless otherwise 
defined by the Priority of Payments. 
5. 
No specific securitisation laws in Latvia 
There are no dedicated laws and regime in Latvia addressing specific special purpose vehicle 
issuer insolvency or limited recourse concepts at the date of this Base Prospectus. Mintos 
believes the Terms and Conditions of the Notes are set up and drafted as having legal force and 
addressing such concerns as legally binding contractual obligations. There might be 
circumstances that influence such legal construction, including, but not limited to the court ruling, 
or new or modified legal enactments. Eventually, this could lead to delayed payments or partial 
or full loss of the amount invested in the Notes. 
6. 
Bonds repurchase could impact planned return 
The Bonds’ Issuer may repurchase the Bonds from its investors at any time at value determined 
in the Bonds Issuer’s Prospectus without any penalty or other compensation. This may happen, 
for example, in cases where the Bonds’ Issuer decides to repurchase all Bonds before maturity 
date for the reasons described in the Bonds' Issuer Prospectus. 
The Bonds’ Issuer not only has a right to repurchase, but also has an obligation to repurchase 
the Bonds from the investors upon the occurrence of certain events specified in the Bonds’ Issuer 
Prospectus. 
If the early redemption right is exercised by the Bonds’ Issuer, the relevant Series of Notes will 
be redeemed early in full or in part once the Issuer has received the repurchase price from the 
Bonds’ Issuer. The Noteholders' return on the investments in the Notes which are redeemed due 
to the repurchase will be lower than the initially planned return. 
7. 
New regulations introduced in the future could impact the Noteholder and Mintos 
Due to several reasons, such as improvements in computer technology, the financial crisis of the 
past decade and a greater focus on preventing the legalisation of illegally gained proceeds, the 
financial industry over the last years has experienced the introduction of several new regulations. 
With further developments and adoption of technologies, jurisdictions, either where Noteholders 
or Mintos Group are domiciled are likely to introduce new regulations or administrative 
interventions that could relate to Notes or online marketplaces such as the Platform. Such 
regulation in the future, for example, could enhance investors’ protection measures, limit access 
to Notes to only qualified or sophisticated Noteholders, limit the proportion of the portfolio that 
can be invested through Notes or introduce any other restricting measures. 
Furthermore, the introduction of new regulations or significant changes to the existing regulations 
could impact the profitability, cost base and future operations of Mintos. Failure to comply with 
regulation could lead to, among other things, lawsuits, administrative enforcement actions, 
penalties, and revocation of licences and authorisations. Eventually, this could lead to delayed 
payments or partial or full loss of invested amounts under Notes. 
8. 
New regulation in relation to taxes could impact the expected return for the Noteholder 
In the event that new regulation is introduced, or existing regulation or its interpretation changes 
so that the Issuer and/or Mintos needs to withhold additional taxes before making payments to 
the Noteholder, and the Issuer and/or Mintos is required to withhold any transfer tax, stamp duty

--- Page 19 ---
18 
 
and/or financial transactions tax, this could impact the expected return on investment for the 
Noteholder. Similar developments in the Noteholders’ tax residence country can lead to the same 
consequences. 
9. 
Notes have limited liquidity and transferability 
The Notes are illiquid securities and there is no active market for them, and the Notes are not 
admitted to any trading venue. The potential buyers and transferees are limited only to other 
Mintos’ clients who are registered on the Platform. Which all means that the Noteholder might 
need to offer the Notes with a significant discount and hence would not meet the expected return 
on the investment, or might even be unable to sell them at all during a shorter or longer period of 
time. Furthermore, to protect Noteholders that use automatic investment solutions from making 
investment decisions, Mintos may restrict the execution of orders to sell the Notes according to 
the terms and conditions of the agreements between the Investors and Mintos. 
The Noteholder should therefore only invest in Notes that the Noteholder is comfortable with 
holding to maturity. 
10. 
An undiversified investment portfolio may lead to greater exposure to the Bonds’ Issuer 
and country-specific risks than a well-diversified portfolio 
Investment in a single Note, Notes issued in relation to the Bonds’ Issuer or Notes with underlying 
Bonds, means that the performance of the portfolio and risk exposure depends on that Note, the 
Bonds’ Issuer, country and currency risk.  
Mintos encourages its customers to build a well-diversified portfolio and provides several tools to 
automate investing in Notes, making this easier. 
11. 
Investing in Notes issued in other currencies increase the Noteholder’s exposure to 
currency risk 
If a Noteholder invests in Notes denominated in a currency that is different from the currency that 
the Noteholder earns and/or spends, the return on the investment could be significantly impacted 
by the fluctuations in the exchange rate between those currencies. This means that if the 
underlying currency depreciates significantly, the Noteholder could lose part of the investment, 
and if the currency appreciates significantly, the Noteholder could earn a higher return on 
investment. 
12. 
Notes are not bank deposits 
Investment in Notes does not have the status of a bank deposit in Latvia or elsewhere and is not 
within the scope of the deposit protection or guarantee scheme operated by the Republic of Latvia 
or any other jurisdiction.

--- Page 20 ---
19 
 
3. 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Important notices 
THIS BASE PROSPECTUS MAY NOT BE FORWARDED OR DISTRIBUTED OTHER THAN AS 
PROVIDED BELOW AND MAY NOT BE REPRODUCED IN ANY MANNER WHATSOEVER. THIS BASE 
PROSPECTUS MAY ONLY BE DISTRIBUTED OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES TO PERSONS THAT 
ARE NOT U.S. PERSONS AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. ANY 
FORWARDING, DISTRIBUTION OR REPRODUCTION OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS IN WHOLE OR 
IN PART IS UNAUTHORISED. FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH THIS DIRECTIVE MAY RESULT IN A 
VIOLATION OF THE SECURITIES ACT OR THE APPLICABLE LAWS OF OTHER JURISDICTIONS.  
NOTHING IN THIS BASE PROSPECTUS CONSTITUTES AN OFFER TO SELL OR THE 
SOLICITATION OF AN OFFER TO BUY ANY SECURITIES IN ANY JURISDICTION. THE SECURITIES 
DESCRIBED IN THIS BASE PROSPECTUS HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED 
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR WITH ANY SECURITIES REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY 
STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD 
WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS.  
Any materials relating to any potential offering do not constitute, and may not be used in connection with, 
an offer or solicitation in any place where offers or solicitations are not permitted by law.  
Under no circumstances will this Base Prospectus constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer 
to buy any securities in any jurisdiction other than provided on page 1 of this Base Prospectus.  
Responsibility for this Base Prospectus  
The Management Board of the Issuer: 
Title 
Name 
Chairman of the Management Board 
Martins Sulte 
Member of the Management Board 
Martins Valters 
 
accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus (other than the information in 
the sections entitled ‘7. THE BONDS’ ISSUER’ and ‘8. THE BONDS’). To the best of its knowledge, the 
information (other than the information in the sections entitled ‘7. THE BONDS’ ISSUER’ and ‘8. THE 
BONDS’) contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and makes no omission likely 
to affect its import. Any information from third parties identified in this Base Prospectus as such has been 
accurately reproduced and that as far as the Issuer is aware and are able to ascertain from the information 
provided by a third party, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading.  
The information contained in the sections entitled ‘7. THE BONDS’ ISSUER’ and ‘8. THE BONDS’ of this 
Base Prospectus is derived from the Bonds’ Issuer and Bonds' Issuer Prospectus. 
 Final Terms  
Each Series of Notes will be issued on the terms and conditions set out under the section entitled ‘9. 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES’ of this Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable 
Final Terms. The Final Terms will be published on the website www.mintos.com. A form of applicable

--- Page 21 ---
20 
 
Final Terms is set out under the section entitled ‘11. APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS’ of this Base 
Prospectus.  
Other relevant information  
This Base Prospectus must be read and construed together with any supplements to this Base 
Prospectus and with any information incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus and, concerning 
any Series of Notes, must be read and construed together with the relevant applicable Final Terms.  
Unauthorised information  
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or 
not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into concerning the Programme, 
any information supplied by the Issuer, or such other information as is in the public domain and, if given 
or made, such information or representation should not be relied upon as having been authorised by the 
Issuer. 
Mintos has not authorised the whole or any part of this Base Prospectus and does not make any 
representation or warranty, or accept any responsibility as to the accuracy or completeness of the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus or any responsibility for the acts or omissions of the Issuer 
or any other person in connection with the issue and offering of the Notes, nor does Mintos or any of its 
shareholders, directors, affiliates, advisers or agents take any responsibility for the acts or omissions of 
the Issuer or any other person in connection with the issue, offering and sale of the Notes. 
Restrictions on distribution  
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms, and the offer, sale and delivery of the Notes 
in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or 
any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and Mintos to inform themselves about and to observe 
any such restrictions. In particular, Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities 
Act. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or 
to U.S. persons. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitute an offer or an invitation to 
subscribe for or purchase any Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, 
Mintos or any of them that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for 
or purchase any Notes. Each recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms will be taken to have 
made its own investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer. Mintos has 
not provided any financial or taxation advice in connection with the Programme or the Notes. 
Programme limit  
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme 
will not exceed EUR 20 000 000 (twenty million euro) (or its equivalent in other currencies). 
Language  
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have 
been cited in their original language so that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under 
applicable law. 
Ratings  
No Series of Notes issued under the Programme will be rated by any credit rating agency.

--- Page 22 ---
21 
 
Currencies  
Unless otherwise indicated, the financial information contained in this Base Prospectus has been 
expressed in euro. The Issuer’s functional currency is euro, and the Issuer prepares its financial 
statements in euro.  
Third-party and market share data  
This Base Prospectus contains information regarding business of the Issuer, Mintos, the Bonds’ Issuer 
and others, and the industry in which they operate and compete. Where third party information has been 
used in this Base Prospectus, the source of such information has been identified. Statistical information 
included in this Base Prospectus has been derived from official public sources, including the statistical 
releases. All such statistical information may differ from that stated in other sources for a variety of 
reasons, including the use of different definitions and cut-off times. This data may subsequently be revised 
as new data becomes available and any such revised data will not be circulated by the Issuer to Investors 
who have purchased the Notes. In some cases, independently determined industry data is not available. 
In these cases, any market share data included in this Base Prospectus is referred to as having been 
estimated. All such estimates have been made by either the Issuer or the Bonds’ Issuer using its 
information and other publicly available market information. Each of the Issuer and the Bonds’ Issuer 
believes that these estimates of market share are helpful as they give prospective Investors a better 
understanding of the industry in which the Issuer or the Bonds’ Issuer operates as well as its position 
within that industry. Although all such estimations have been made in good faith based on the information 
available and the Issuer’s or the Bonds’ Issuer’s knowledge of the market within which it operates, neither 
the Issuer nor the Bonds’ Issuer may guarantee that a third-party expert using different methods would 
reach the same conclusions. Where information has not been independently sourced, it is the Issuer’s or 
the Bonds’ Issuer’s own information. 
No incorporation of website information 
The Issuer is affiliated with Mintos and their website is www.mintos.com. Unless specifically incorporated 
by reference into this Base Prospectus, information on the website or any other website mentioned in this 
Base Prospectus or any website directly or indirectly linked to these websites has not been verified, is not 
incorporated by reference into, and does not form part of, this Base Prospectus, and Investors should not 
rely on it.

--- Page 23 ---
22 
 
4. 
TRANSACTION OVERVIEW 
o 
THE DESCRIPTION OF THE TRANSACTIONS IN RELATION TO THE NOTES 
▪ 
The Issuer, Mintos and the Bonds’ Issuer  
The Issuer has entered into the Transaction Documents with Mintos and the Bonds’ Issuer for the issue 
and sale of the Notes as described in this Base Prospectus. 
 
▪ 
Acquisition of Bonds by the Issuer 
The Bonds will be purchased by the Issuer during the Bonds’ subscription period as determined in the 
Bonds’ Issuer Prospectus. During the Bonds subscription period, funds collected from the Investors, who 
have indicated their interest in investing into Notes, will be used to settle transactions between the Bonds’ 
Issuer and the Issuer on the settlement date in accordance with the Bonds’ Issuer Prospectus. 
The Issuer also intends to offer Notes after the Bonds subscription period, which is subject to the 
precondition that there will be a third-party offering Bonds to sell. If there is an offer to buy Bonds, the 
Issuer will purchase Bonds with funds collected from the Investors, who have indicated their interest in 
investing into Notes that are backed-up by Bonds, to settle Bonds transactions between Bonds’ seller and 
the Issuer. 
 
 
If the Bonds settlement date, when the Issuer buys Bonds, does not match the Bonds’ Receivables 
Payment Date, i.e., when the Bonds are actually delivered to the Issuer’s security account with a regulated 
credit institution, the Bonds’ accrued interest for these days of difference between settlement date and 
previous Bonds’ Receivables Payment Date will be covered by the Issuer's own funds from its fully paid 
up share capital to purchase the Bonds, which will be reimbursed later with the next Bonds’ Receivables 
payment.

--- Page 24 ---
23 
 
The Issuer may also cover the missing fraction with its own funds to fulfil the Bonds purchase. As an 
example: The Bonds’ price is EUR 1000, and the Issuer has collected EUR 900 from Investors. In this 
case, the Issuer adds EUR 100 from its own funds to ensure the Bond's purchase. The Issuer is a 
beneficiary of the Bond’s fraction purchased with its own equity. This fractional bond will be disclosed in 
financial statements of the Issuer together with accrued and received interest that will be recognised as 
an interest income for the Issuer. When the Bonds are redeemed, the fraction of the Bonds will be 
redeemed along the rest of the Bond value. The fraction owned by the Issuer is not related to any Notes 
issued by the Issuer.  
Payment for the Bonds is subject to placement of the Series of Notes. 
▪ 
Issue of Notes 
 
To purchase Notes from the Issuer, the Investor registered on the Platform submits an investment order 
using a dedicated section on the Platform, indicating the amount of money that the Investor wishes to 
invest in Notes. 
 
Once Investors have indicated on Mintos platform that they wish to purchase Notes, Mintos reserves 
those funds to be ready available for the Issuer to submit its purchase order to buy the Bonds and then, 
after the Bonds are purchased, delivers Notes to Investors on their Investment Accounts. The reservation 
means that those funds remain on the Investment Account of the Investor but are not available for other 
transactions until the Notes are delivered, or, in the event of insufficient total interest of Investors to 
conclude the purchase of the Bonds, until the Notes purchase is cancelled. The Issuer has the right to 
cancel the Notes purchase at its own discretion at any time with no obligation to inform Investors about 
cancelling the Notes purchase. 
The Notes are publicly offered by the Issuer through the Platform. Investors can purchase Notes from the 
Issue Date until the Maturity Date of the Notes provided in the Final Terms or until the time when the 
Notes are fully sold to Investors by the Issuer, whichever occurs earlier. Information about the offer results 
of the Notes is published on the website www.mintos.com in real time. The offer of the Notes is subject 
to the Bonds availability for the Issuer to purchase. 
  
The process for purchasing Notes is automated and takes place in real-time. When the transaction order 
is accepted by the Platform, Mintos debits cash funds from the Investor’s cash account with Mintos in 
exchange for delivery of the Notes to the Investor’s financial instruments account with Mintos. The Notes 
allotted are available as soon as the transaction order is executed by Mintos, by means of the Investor’s 
profile on the Platform. Further alienation of Notes may be done as soon as available on the Investor’s 
Investment Accounts. 
 
Minimum subscription amount is one Note. Maximum subscription amount is up to the Aggregate Nominal

--- Page 25 ---
24 
 
Amount as set out under the section entitled ‘11. APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS’ of this Base Prospectus 
for the relevant Series of Notes, but subject to the nominal amount of the Notes being available for 
purchase from the Issuer as at execution time of the transaction order at Mintos. 
No expenses are expected to be charged to the Investor by the Issuer when purchasing Notes. There is 
no financial transaction tax to be applied at the date of this Base Prospectus by the Issuer and/or Mintos 
to the Investor in subscribing or purchasing any Note. 
 
Underlying assets will be formed by matching one on one euro amounts invested into a Series of Notes 
and amounts of purchased Bonds as underlying assets.  
▪ 
Payments under the Notes 
Bonds’ Receivables (interest) payout process to the Investor 
 
 
Final Bonds’ Receivables and Bonds’ principal amount is paid to the Investors on the Bonds’ maturity 
date. The same applies in cases of Bonds’ early redemption. In the event of Bonds’ early redemption, the 
Investors receive the Bonds’ principal amount together with the accrued Bonds’ Receivables up to the 
date of early redemption in accordance with the Bonds’ Issuer Prospectus. 
 
 
The Interest specified in the Final Terms will begin to be calculated and accrue from the first day when 
the Investor has acquired the Notes from the Issuer and the Notes are booked by Mintos in the Investor’s 
Investment Accounts.  
The Interest and principal payments under the Notes are linked and contingent on corresponding 
payments being made under Bonds. The interest and principal payment of the Bonds are such that the 
Bonds shall bear interest at the interest rate per annum on their nominal amount from the date when the 
respective tranche is issued under the terms of the Bonds' Issuer Prospectus and Bonds’ interest shall 
be payable quarterly in arrears on each interest payment date, commencing to accrue on the interest

--- Page 26 ---
25 
 
commencement date in accordance with the terms of the Bonds’s Issuer Prospectus. 
▪ 
Redemption of the Notes 
The Issuer may exercise its right but not the obligation to redeem the Notes from the Investors on the 
occurrence of certain events specified in the Bonds’ Issuer Prospectus, including, but not limited to: 
 
- 
the Bonds’ Issuer exercises any of its rights of early redemption and/or repurchase of the Bonds 
in accordance with the terms of the Bonds’ Issuer Prospectus. 
 
In this event of early redemption of the Bonds, which has been initiated by the Bonds’ Issuer, the Bonds 
held by the Issuer will be redeemed from the Issuer in accordance with the terms of the Bonds’ Issuer 
Prospectus and all funds received by the Issuer in case of early redemption of the Bonds will be used 
proportionally to redeem the Notes. 
 
In some cases, including, but not limited to: 
  
- 
if the Issuer is required by the applicable regulation to sell the Bonds and/or, 
- 
if the Issuer is not able to continue to service the Notes and/or,  
- 
if there are risks to the Issuer and/or Mintos that do not allow the Issuer to hold the Bonds,  
 
the Issuer may exercise its right to sell Bonds at its own discretion for any price that is available to the 
Issuer and use these funds received from the Bonds sale to redeem the Notes. As the Notes may be 
redeemed only with the funds acquired from the sale of the Bonds, the Investors should be fully aware 
that in such cases of discretionary sale of the Bonds by the Issuer, it could lead to delays in repayments 
and to a partial of full loss of the invested funds in the Notes.  
▪ 
No credit enhancement 
The Notes have no credit enhancements and no liquidity support in relation to payment of interest or 
principal. 
The Issuer, as a special purpose entity, has no obligation to make any payment on the Notes unless 
sufficient funds have been received from the Bonds’ Issuer. 
 
o 
THE TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS 
The information in this section is a summary of certain features of the Transaction Documents provided 
for information purposes and will not be treated as the full binding text of the relevant agreement.  
This section does not entail summary of those transaction documents which will be executed by the Issuer 
with respect to the acquisition of the Bonds from third parties, as those transaction documents will be 
market standard transaction documents as customary for such transactions. They will include agreements 
on the opening and maintenance of a cash account and financial instruments account for the Issuer and 
documents necessary for transactions to be performed with respect to the Bonds according to the 
provisions of this Base Prospectus. 
Further are provided summaries of contracts that are necessary for the matters outlined in the above 
section entitled ‘THE DESCRIPTION OF THE TRANSACTIONS IN RELATION TO THE NOTES’ which 
are other than those customarily necessary to purchase and hold financial instruments such as Bonds.

--- Page 27 ---
26 
 
▪ 
The Cooperation Agreement 
General 
The Cooperation Agreement contains the agreement between the Issuer and Mintos on the matters 
outlined in the above section entitled ‘THE DESCRIPTION OF THE TRANSACTIONS IN RELATION TO 
THE NOTES’. 
Mintos 
Mintos acts as a placement agent, calculation agent, transfer agent and paying agent of the Issuer in 
relation to the Notes. 
Issuer 
 
Issuer has undertaken to transact with Bonds only in line with this Base Prospectus. The Issuer is obliged 
to provide Mintos with information and documentation with respect to the Bonds, including the financial 
instruments account on which the Bonds will be held. The Issuer has undertaken to procure that there 
are no encumbrances, liens or other security interests in favour of any third parties over the Bonds.  
 
Term and termination 
The Cooperation Agreement continues until all liabilities of the Issuer and Mintos according to its 
provisions are fully satisfied.  
Governing law 
The Cooperation Agreement and any non-contractual obligations arising out of, or in connection with it, 
is governed by and will be construed in accordance with the laws of the Republic of Latvia. 
▪ 
The Placement Agreement 
The Placement Agreement contains the agreement between the Bonds' Issuer and Mintos on the matters 
related to the above section entitled ‘THE DESCRIPTION OF THE TRANSACTIONS IN RELATION TO 
THE NOTES’. The Placement Agreement mandates Mintos to act as a platform through which the Notes 
backed by the Bonds will be offered during the placement period as agreed in that agreement. Mintos 
shall receive fees from the Bonds' Issuer in relation to the issuance of Notes backed by the Bonds, in 
view of the Bonds acquired by the Issuer being deemed as placed by Mintos within the placement 
arrangement. The Placement Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the Republic of Latvia.

--- Page 28 ---
27 
 
5. THE ISSUER 
o 
General 
The Issuer is a special purpose undertaking established for the sole purpose of issuing and offering Notes 
to Investors on the Platform, which are backed up by the Bonds acquired by the Issuer. The Issuer does 
not take part in any other business activities. 
The Issuer is incorporated as a limited liability company and registered in the Commercial Register of the 
Enterprise Register of the Republic of Latvia on 17 June 2022 under the name SIA Mintos Finance No.45 
with registration number 40203407882. It operates under the laws of the Republic of Latvia and has its 
registered office at Skanstes street 52, Riga, LV-1013, Latvia. The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the 
Issuer is: 98450059H090976DBC22. 
The registered and paid up share capital of the Issuer is EUR 2800 consisting of 2800 shares each having 
a nominal value of EUR 1. Each share is entitled to one vote. The sole shareholder of the Issuer is SIA 
Mintos Capital Management, registration No 40203178505.  
 
The Issuer has no subsidiaries and does not own any shares or equity. 
The Issuer is managed by the Management Board, the members being appointed by the sole shareholder 
of the Issuer: 
Title 
Name 
Other roles 
Chairman 
Martins Sulte 
Chairman of the Management Board of AS Mintos Holdings, SIA 
Mintos Capital Management and Mintos 
Member  
Martins Valters 
Member of the Management Board of AS Mintos Holdings, SIA 
Mintos Capital Management and Mintos 
For so long as the Notes of any Series remain outstanding or Notes may be issued under the Programme, 
articles of association (Statutes) of the Issuer can be accessed on www.mintos.com.

--- Page 29 ---
28 
 
o 
Activities 
The activities of the Issuer are as follows: 
● 
issue and publicly offer Notes to the Investors, including preparation, submission to the NCA and 
publication on the Platform of this Base Prospectus; 
 
● 
purchase and safekeeping of the Bonds; 
 
● 
payments under the Notes through Mintos, subject to receiving Bonds’ Receivables and principal 
amount of the Bonds from the Bonds Issuer; and 
 
● 
publication of financial and other information to Investors in accordance with applicable law. 
o 
Financial information 
The Issuer has commenced its operations in 2022, and accordingly, financial statements for 2022 are 
prepared for its operations period. 
The financial statements for 2022 and 2023 are prepared in accordance with the Latvian Generally 
Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP). 
For accounting purposes, Bonds’ Receivables and principal amount of the Bonds are classified as a pass-
through of a financial asset under International Financial Reporting Standard (IFRS) 9 3.2.5. 
The appointed auditors of the Issuer for the financial years 2022 and 2023 are "KPMG Baltics SIA", 
registered in the Republic of Latvia on 16 December 1994 with registration number 40003235171.  
The Issuer’s financial data:  
Audited financials 2022  
Audited financials 2023 
o 
Authorisation 
The establishment of this Programme and the issue of Notes have been duly authorised by decisions of 
the sole shareholder of the Issuer on 31.10.2024.  
o 
Significant or material change 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, there has been no significant or material change in the financial 
position of the Issuer since the date of its last published audited financial statements.  
o 
Litigation 
The Issuer (whether as a defendant or otherwise) is not and has not been involved in any governmental, 
legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which 
the Issuer is aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus which may have, or 
have in such period had, a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer.

--- Page 30 ---
29 
 
6. MINTOS 
Mintos, under the name AS Mintos Marketplace, was registered as a joint-stock company on 1 June 2015 
in the Commercial Register, Enterprises Register of the Republic of Latvia with the unified registration 
number 40103903643.  
All the shares in Mintos are held by AS Mintos Holdings. 
Mintos has been authorised as an investment firm by the NCA on 17 August 2021 to provide following 
investment services and ancillary services: 
● 
execution of orders on behalf of clients; 
● 
dealing on own account; 
● 
portfolio management; 
● 
investment advice; 
● 
placing of financial instruments without a firm commitment basis; 
● 
holding of financial instruments; 
● 
currency exchange services, if they are related to the provision of investment services; 
● 
providing investment research, financial analysis or other general advice regarding transactions 
in financial instruments; and 
● 
provision of services related to the initial placement of financial instruments. 
Mintos provides services in Latvia, France, Germany, Italy, Poland, Netherlands, Czech Republic, 
Belgium, Austria, Portugal and Spain. Mintos has not commenced provision of services in other countries 
as of the date of this Base Prospectus but may do so during the validity period of this Base Prospectus. 
Cash funds of Investors are held by Mintos in regulated credit institutions, including but not limited to AS 
LHV Pank (Estonia), Signet Bank AS (Latvia), and money market funds. 
Mintos owns and operates the Platform which is the technical infrastructure through which (a) companies 
sell loans and other receivables or other assets to issuers, (b) the issuers offer and sell asset backed 
securities to investors backed by the acquired receivables or other assets and (c) information exchange 
and money flows occur between Investors, issuers and originators and services of the assets and 
receivables. Notes which are backed up by bonds are one of the types of assets backed securities offered 
and available on the Platform. Also, Mintos offers and may offer other investment products or services to 
the Investors. 
o 
Key activities performed by Mintos with respect to Notes are as follows: 
● 
Opens and services Investment Accounts for investors and (a) carries out anti-money laundering, 
combating the financing of terrorism and know your client policies and procedures, (b) carries out 
appropriateness and suitability tests, (c) responsible for compliance with product governance 
requirements and (d) informs Investors regarding the risks inherent in the products and services 
depending on the status of the Investor.

--- Page 31 ---
30 
 
● 
Prepares this Base Prospectus and engages lawyers and other advisors and submits it to the 
NCA for approval. 
● 
Operates the Platform for (a) Investors to acquire Notes, exchange currencies related to 
investment services and transactions with Notes and receive automated portfolio management services 
and, including but not limited (b) the Issuer and the lending company or other originator to transfer title in 
the receivables and exchange information in relation to the receivables. 
● 
Acts as an assignment, placement, calculation, transfer and paying agent for the Notes including 
(a) transfer of funds to the Issuer following placement of Notes, (b) settlement of payments due between 
the Issuer and other parties, (c) payments to the Investment Accounts, (d) provides information regarding 
Investors to the Issuer to calculate any withholding taxes on payments and (e) provides information on 
Payment Events through API from the involved parties. 
● 
Maintains the register of Noteholders. 
● 
Complies with the Transaction Documents including monitoring of compliance with the covenants 
and other provisions of the transaction documents. See the section entitled ‘4. TRANSACTION 
OVERVIEW – TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS’ of this Base Prospectus for more information. 
● 
Prepares and submits reports for legal and regulatory purposes to the NCA, the Latvian State 
Revenue Service and others.

--- Page 32 ---
31 
 
7. THE BONDS’ ISSUER 
o 
Business overview 
The Bonds' Issuer is UAB EASY DEBT SERVICE, company code 304406834, registered on 05.10.2016, 
registered address at Antano Tumėno str. 4-1101, Vilnius, Lithuania, registrar VĮ Registrų Centras (Centre 
of Registers), Vilnius Branch. The Bonds’ Issuer is the holding company of group companies specialised 
in restructuring and realisation of financial assets across Lithuania. In 2023, the activities were diversified, 
resulting in two additional activities: 
- 
company management, development, and sales, and 
- 
services for insurance companies include roadside assistance, call centre, claim administration, 
and insurance broker. Services, provided to insurance companies, are based on the latest IT 
solutions and the know-how in claim administration. 
As a result there are three major areas of activity: a) debt administration, purchase, and recovery, b)  real 
estate and company management, c) Services and assistance for insurance companies.  
o 
Financial information 
The audited consolidated financial statements for the years 2022 and 2023 have been prepared in 
accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS); financial statements are 
prepared in euro (EUR) currency. The latest available historical financial information of the Bonds’ Issuer 
is available on Mintos website: 
Audited financials 2022 (translation from Lithuanian) 
Audited financials 2023 (translation from Lithuanian) 
Unaudited financials 2024 Q3 (translation from Lithuanian) 
o 
Auditors 
The statutory auditors of the audited consolidated financial statements as of and for the financial year 
ended 31 December 2022 were PricewaterhouseCoopers UAB, incorporated under the laws of Lithuania, 
having its registered office at J.Jasinskio str. 16B, Vilnius, Lithuania and registered with the Lithuanian 
companies register under number 111473315. 
The statutory auditors of the audited consolidated financial statements as of and for the financial years 
ended 31 December 2023 were BDO auditas ir apskaita, UAB, incorporated under the laws of Lithuania, 
having its registered office at K. Baršausko g. 66 51436, Kaunas, Lithuania and registered with the 
Lithuanian companies register under number 135273426. 
o 
Litigation 
The Bonds’ Issuer (whether as a defendant or otherwise) is not and has not been involved in any 
governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or 
threatened of which the Bonds’ Issuer is aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of this Base 
Prospectus which may have, or have in such period had, a significant effect on the financial position or 
profitability of the Bonds’ Issuer.

--- Page 33 ---
32 
 
o 
Administrative, management and supervisory bodies 
The following table shows the main administrative, managerial and supervisory positions of the Bonds’ 
Issuer: 
Name 
Position / 
function  
(year since) 
Education and business experience summary 
Tomas Svidinskas Chairman of the 
Board (2019) 
Founder of EASY DEBT SERVICE UAB, working in debt 
collection and loan markets for 12 years. 
Has been engaged in financial advisory activities for more than 
six years. 
Tomas has a Bachelor in Management and Economics. 
Rasa Butkuvienė 
Director (2020) 
Professional debt collector who has been working in this field 
for more than 9 years. 
Has experience in an international debt collection company, 
headed the Debt Collection Department. 
Responsible for valuing, analysing and purchasing debt 
portfolios, designing and developing IT systems, managing and 
deploying enterprise processes. 
Responsible for product and IT system development. 
Rasa has a Master's degree in Management and business 
administration. 
Tadas Antanaitis 
Chief 
Financial 
Officer 
(CFO) 
(2023) 
Finance professional, with more than 15 years of experience in 
financial management and insurance. 
Managed large-scale investment and insurance portfolios, was 
a member of the credit committee. 
Responsible for the Bonds Issuer's financial planning and 
reporting processes, financial modelling and forecasting. 
Tadas has a Master of business management. 
o 
Shareholders 
The share capital of the Bonds’ Issuer is EUR 1 000 000 divided into 100 ordinary shares with a par value 
of EUR 10 000 in registered form, all of which are fully paid. Each share is entitled to one vote. Below you 
can find all the Bonds’ Issuer's shareholders:  
Name 
Share % Registration no. 
Form of control 
Domicile 
UAB MULITO 
36% 
304862866 
Direct shareholder 
Lithuania 
UAB "AKM Finance" 
32% 
304234701 
Direct shareholder 
Lithuania 
UAB "Magnus Investments" 
32% 
304724648 
Direct shareholder 
Lithuania

--- Page 34 ---
33 
 
8. THE BONDS 
o 
Legal nature, jurisdiction and the applicable law of the Bonds  
The Bonds represent direct and legally binding debt obligations of the Bonds' Issuer towards the 
bondholders according to the Bonds’ Issuer Prospectus. The Bonds issue is a private placement arranged 
in compliance with article 1(4)(d) of the Prospectus Regulation. Minimum subscription size for the Bonds 
per each investor is EUR 125 000 (one hundred twenty five thousand euro) with minimum step of EUR 1 
000 (one thousand euro). The maximum total nominal value of all Bonds issued in all tranches is up to 
EUR 8 000 000 (eight million euro). The actual number of Bonds to be issued in one tranche shall be 
determined by the Bonds’ Issuer after the relevant tranche subscription date. 
 
The Bonds' Issuer has not and shall not undertake any obligation to register the initial placement of the 
Bonds for public offer with any competent authority in any jurisdiction. The Bonds shall be exclusively 
offered for subscription in accordance with article 1(4)(d) of the Prospectus Regulation and only within 
the European Economic Area. The Bonds' Issuer does not undertake any obligation to create or ensure 
liquidity for the Bonds. 
 
The Bonds are issued in dematerialized form and will not be numbered. The Bonds shall be registered in 
the Latvian Register of Securities which is maintained and operated by Nasdaq CSD ((Nasdaq CSD SE 
(registration number: 40003242879, legal address Vaļņu iela 1, LV-1050, Riga, Latvia)) in accordance 
with the applicable laws. The Bonds' issue ISIN to be allocated by Nasdaq CSD is provided in the tranche 
terms in respect of each tranche separately. 
 
The decision of the Bonds' Issuer to organise the Bonds' issue has been passed in compliance with the 
applicable laws of the Republic of Lithuania. The Bonds' issue, including the relationship between the 
Bonds' Issuer and the bondholders or any third parties, and their respective rights and duties attached to 
the Bonds shall be governed by the laws of the Republic of Latvia. 
 
o 
Repayment and maturity 
The nominal (face value) of one Bond is EUR 1 000 (one thousand euro) and the Bond’s Issuer will repay 
the nominal amount of the Bonds as a lump sum at the Bonds’ maturity date. The maturity date applicable 
to the Bonds issued under a relevant tranche is provided in the Bonds Issuer’s tranche terms. The Bonds’ 
Issuer shall repay the nominal amount in accordance with Nasdaq CSD intermediary and applicable 
Nasdaq CSD regulations. If the scheduled maturity date is not a business day, the maturity date will be 
deemed to occur on the first business day after the scheduled maturity date. 
 
The Bonds’ interest for the Bonds issued in one tranche is a certain percentage of the nominal per annum 
and is fixed until the redemption of the Bonds. The Bonds’ interest rate is determined by the Bonds’ Issuer 
at its discretion in respect of each tranche separately before each respective tranche. The Bonds’ interest 
rate is provided in the Bonds' tranche terms. 
 
Bonds’ interest payments are made quarterly every 25 October, 25 January, 25 April, 25 July (as well as 
on the redemption day of the relevant Bond if that day does not fall on an interest payment date and to 
the extent the interest has accrued by said redemption day from the immediately preceding interest 
payment date). Bonds’ interest rate shall accrue from previous Bonds’ interest payment date (included) 
until the next Bonds’ interest payment date (excluded). 
 
The Bonds’ Issuer can carry out full early redemption (call option), on every coupon payment date starting 
from 25 October 2025 by paying 101% (one hundred and one per cent) of the nominal amount plus 
accrued interest on the redemption date. If the Bonds’ Issuer carries out full early redemption (call option)

--- Page 35 ---
34 
 
in period after 25 October 2026, the Bonds’ Issuer pays only the nominal amount plus accrued interest 
on the redemption date. 
 
o 
Collateral 
To secure the fulfilment of the obligation to redeem the Bonds (as well as to pay the interest and make 
other payments), the Bonds’ Issuer will pledge the following assets by maximum first-ranking mortgage 
and by maximum first-ranking pledge for the common benefit of all of the bondholders of respective issue 
of the Bonds and the holders of any other previous and subsequent bond issues: 
(a) 
maximum first-ranking pledge: funds in all existing and future bank accounts held by the Bonds’ 
Issuer; 
(b) 
maximum first-ranking mortgage: the Bonds' Issuer as immovable property (company mortgage), 
including without limitation the whole existing and future long-term and short-term assets, movable and 
immovable assets, property rights, funds and other assets. 
The Bonds' Issuer may grant any additional collateral or ensure that any additional collateral is otherwise 
granted to the holders of the Bonds, provided that said additional collateral is established in favour of the 
collateral agent on terms reasonably satisfactory to the latter and for the benefit of all holders of the Bonds 
(and not some of them only). 
Detailed terms and conditions relating to the collateral are set forth in the collateral agreements and in 
case of any conflicts in relation thereto between the Bonds' Issuer Prospectus and the collateral 
agreements, the terms and conditions of the collateral agreements shall prevail. 
If the Bonds' Issuer fails to make the coupon (interest) and / or nominal payment in a timely manner, the 
collateral agent, acting on behalf of the Bonds' investors, will enforce the collateral in accordance with the 
Bonds' Issuer Prospectus, the collateral agent agreement and the collateral agreements.  
The Bonds' investors shall not have any independent right to enforce the collateral or to exercise any 
rights arising from the collateral agreements. The Bonds' investors can exercise their rights in relation to 
the collateral only through the collateral agent pursuant to the Bonds' Issuer Prospectus and the annexes 
thereof, the collateral agreements and collateral agent agreement. 
These characteristics of the Bonds as described above demonstrate capacity to produce funds to service 
any payments due and payable on the Notes.

--- Page 36 ---
35 
 
9. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the terms and conditions of the Notes (the Terms and Conditions) which, together with 
the relevant Final Terms, will be applicable to the specified Series of Notes. The relevant Final Terms will 
complete the Terms and Conditions in relation to each Series of Notes.    
 
Save where the context requires otherwise, references in the Terms and Conditions to Notes are to the 
Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes of other Series that may be issued under these Terms and 
Conditions. 
In these Terms and Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, words denoting the singular include 
the plural and vice versa. 
In these Terms and Conditions, references to a specified Condition will be construed as a reference to 
that specific Condition of these Terms and Conditions as in force for the time being and as amended or 
supplemented from time to time. 
The headings are inserted for convenience of reference only and will not affect the interpretation of these 
Terms and Conditions. 
In these Terms and Conditions, reference to any other document will be construed as references to that 
document as in force the time being and as amended, supplemented or substituted. 
The use of the word including means including without limitation. 
Words and expressions used in these Terms and Conditions in capitals and not defined will have the 
meanings given to them in the Final Terms unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise 
stated. 
DEFINITIONS 
In these Terms and Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following definitions will apply: 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: the aggregate nominal amount of the Notes as specified in the Final 
Terms. 
API: application programming interface to exchange and transmit information and data in a structured 
form between the Issuer and Mintos. 
Available Distribution Amount: the amounts received by the Issuer from the Series Specific Notes. 
Base Prospectus: the base prospectus in relation to the Notes. 
Bonds: Bonds’ Issuer issued bonds held by the Issuer as an asset backed security for the Notes. 
Bonds’ Issuer: UAB EASY DEBT SERVICE, a private limited liability company incorporated on 
05.10.2016 and existing under the laws of the Republic of Lithuania, registered under number 304406834 
and having its registered address at Antano Tumėno str. 4-1101, Vilnius, Lithuania, registrar VĮ Registrų 
Centras (Centre of Registers). 
Bonds’ Issuer Prospectus: Bonds’ Issuers Terms of Notes issue programme in amount up to EUR 8 
000 000 (eight million euro). The Bonds issue is a private placement arranged in compliance with article 
1(4)(d) of the Prospectus Regulation. The Bonds’ Issuer has not and shall not undertake any obligation 
to register the initial placement of the Bonds for public offer with any competent authority in any 
jurisdiction. The Bonds shall be exclusively offered for subscription in accordance with article 1(4)(d) of 
the Prospectus Regulation. Bonds’ Issuers Terms of the Notes issue programme available here. 
Bonds’ Receivables: The Bond’s interest rate is expected to be announced by the Bonds' Issuer on the

--- Page 37 ---
36 
 
date when a new Bonds' tranche is issued and that particular rate will be set in a particular Bonds' tranche 
terms issued under the Bonds' Issuer Prospectus. The Bonds’ interest is payable quarterly every 25 
October, 25 January, 25 April, 25 July (as well as on the redemption day of the relevant Bond tranche if 
that day does not fall on an interest payment date and to the extent the interest has accrued by said 
redemption day from the immediately preceding interest payment date). 
Bonds’ Receivables Payments: interest payments made by the Bonds’ Issuer under the Bonds’ Issuer 
Prospectus.   
Business Day: any day on which banks in the Republic of Latvia are open for business, except for 
Saturdays, Sundays and national holidays of the Republic of Latvia. 
Cooperation Agreement: the cooperation agreement between the Issuer and Mintos in relation to the 
Notes. 
Final Terms: the final terms of the Notes. 
Interest: the interest under the Notes or the Series Specific Notes. 
Interest Accrual Periods: the periods during which Interest accrues on the Notes as specified in the 
Final Terms. 
Interest Payment Date: each date on which Interest is payable under the Notes as specified in the Final 
Terms. 
Interest Rate: the rate at which Interest accrues on the Notes as specified in the Final Terms. 
Investment Accounts: the financial instruments account and the cash account of the Investor opened 
with Mintos. 
Issue Date: the issue date of the Notes being the date on which the Notes are first made available for 
subscription as specified in the Final Terms. 
Issuer: SIA Mintos Finance No. 45, registered on 17.06.2022 in the Commercial Register of the Register 
of Enterprises of the Republic of Latvia, with registration number: 40203407882, registered address: 
Skanstes street 52, Riga, LV-1013, a special purpose entity whose principal purpose is the issue of Notes. 
Issuer’s Account: the cash funds account of the Issuer opened with Mintos which is used solely for 
settling payments with the Investors. 
Maturity Date: the scheduled maturity date of the Notes as specified in the Final Terms. 
Mintos: AS Mintos Marketplace, a joint stock company registered in the Commercial Register of the 
Register of Enterprises of the Republic of Latvia under unified registration number 40103903643 on 1 
June 2015, having registered address: 50 Skanstes Street, Riga, LV-1013, Latvia. 
Noteholder: each person who appears as a holder of any Note from time to time in the electronic register 
maintained by Mintos. 
Notes: notes issued or to be issued by the Issuer. 
Payment Event: the date on which any full or partial payment under the Bonds occurs.    
Principal Amount Outstanding: the Aggregate Nominal Amount multiplied by the Sink Factor.  
Priority of Payments: the priority of payments set out in Condition 7.  
Redemption Date: each date on which the Notes are redeemed as specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 38 ---
37 
 
Series: Notes with the same Issue Date and the same Terms and Conditions and identified in the relevant 
Final Terms as forming a series. 
Sink Factor: a fractional number between 0 to 1 (inclusive) up to 16 decimal figures as determined by 
the Issuer from time to time which reflects the then Principal Amount Outstanding taking into account any 
partial redemptions of the Notes. 
Specified Currency: the currency of the Notes as specified in the Final Terms. 
Specified Denominations: the specified denominations of the Notes as specified in the Final Terms. 
Transaction Documents: the Cooperation Agreement, the Placement Agreement and any other 
document designated by the Issuer as a Transfer Document. 
Transfer Document: the documents evidencing the transfer of Notes from the Issuer to Investor; and 
transfer of Bonds and / or Bonds’ Receivables from the Bonds’ Issuer to the Issuer in accordance with 
the terms of the Bonds’ Issuer Prospectus. 
1.  
UNDERTAKINGS OF THE ISSUER  
The undertakings in this Condition 1 remain in force for so long as any of the Notes are 
outstanding. 
1.1 
Authorisations and compliance with laws 
The Issuer will promptly obtain, comply with and do all that is necessary to maintain in full force 
and effect any authorisation required under any law or regulation of Latvia to enable it to perform 
its obligations under the Notes or own title in the Bonds, and carry on its business as it is being 
conducted. The Issuer will comply in all respects with all laws to which it is subject. 
1.2 
Negative covenants 
Other than in connection with the Notes or as provided in the Base Prospectus, the Issuer will 
not: 
(a) 
sell, transfer, create any security over or otherwise dispose of any of the Bonds; 
(b) 
incur or permit to be outstanding any financial indebtedness;  
(c) 
be the creditor to any person; 
(d) 
give or allow to be outstanding any guarantee or indemnity to or for the benefit of any 
person in respect of any obligation of any other person; 
(e)  
carry on any business other than as a special-purpose pass-through undertaking 
established for the purpose of issuing and offering Notes, which are backed by the Bonds, 
to Investors on the Platform; or 
(f) 
use the Issuer’s Account for any purpose other than as provided in these Terms and 
Conditions and the Transaction Documents.  
These provisions are without prejudice to the Issuer’s right to have transactions with other bonds 
issuers, if any, with the aim of approving base prospectuses and issuing bonds’ backed and 
contingent notes.

--- Page 39 ---
38 
 
2.  
GENERAL 
2.1 
The Issuer under these Terms and Conditions together with the corresponding Final Terms has 
authorised the creation, issue and sale of the Notes. The issue of Notes on the Issue Date 
specified in the Final Terms will correspond to the Issuer obtaining title to the Bonds with a total 
amount equal to the Aggregate Nominal Amount. 
2.2 
Subject to Condition 25, the Issuer will obtain the title to the Bonds on the condition that Mintos 
has determined that it has all the data it requires in relation to the Bonds’ Receivables in 
accordance with the Bonds’ Issuer Prospectus. The condition in no case implies either the Issuer 
or Mintos has any obligation to examine, verify or assess Bonds’ Issuer Prospectus data, 
including, through the use of any documentary evidence. 
2.3 
In each case where amounts of principal, Interest, other return and additional amounts (if any) 
are payable in respect of the Notes, the obligations of the Issuer to make any such payment will 
constitute an obligation only to account to the Noteholders on each date on which such amounts 
are due, for an amount equal to amounts of principal, Interest, other return and additional amounts 
(if any) actually received by the Issuer in relation to the Bonds. 
2.4 
Neither the Issuer nor Mintos are liable to make any payments in respect of the Notes other than 
as expressly provided in these Terms and Conditions. 
2.5 
Save for any fees payable to the Mintos, so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the 
issue of the Notes has any material interest to the offer of the Notes. 
3.  
STATUS 
3.1 
The Notes constitute direct, general, unsubordinated and limited recourse debt obligations of the 
Issuer, which rank pari passu among themselves; and at all times these obligations rank at least 
pari passu with all other present and future direct, general, unsubordinated and limited recourse 
obligations of the Issuer arising from the present and further Series, except for those obligations 
as may be preferred by applicable law. 
3.2 
No proprietary or other direct interest in the Issuer’s rights under or in respect of any of the 
Transaction Documents, the Transfer Document, the Bonds’ Receivables, exists for the benefit 
of the Noteholders. Subject to these Terms and Conditions, no Noteholder will and will have any 
right to enforce any of the Transaction Documents and the Bonds’ Receivables, or any direct 
recourse to the Bonds’ Issuer. 
4.  
FORM 
The Notes are issued by the Issuer in registered form which are deposited and held as book-
entry with Mintos.  
5.  
ISSUE OF NOTES 
The Notes are issued on the Issue Date in the Aggregate Nominal Amount, the Specified 
Denominations and the Specified Currency as specified in the Final Terms.   
6.  
REGISTER, TITLE AND TRANSFERS 
6.1 
Mintos maintains an electronic register of Noteholders in accordance with the Cooperation 
Agreement. No certificates will be issued to any Noteholder in respect of its holding.

--- Page 40 ---
39 
 
6.2 
Each Noteholder will (except as otherwise required by law) be treated as the absolute owner of 
any relevant Note for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of 
ownership, trust, nomineeship or any other interest in the Note), and no person will be liable for 
so treating the Noteholder. 
6.3 
The Notes are held and freely transferred only between the financial instrument accounts at 
Mintos of Noteholders. No application has been or will be made to trade the Notes on any 
regulated market or any other trading venue, other than the Platform.  
6.4 
A transfer of any Note between the Noteholders may be affected by Mintos which may require as 
conditions to the transfer of (a) provision of documents and information, (b) payment of any 
transfer fee and (c) payment of any tax or other governmental charges, in each case, by the 
relevant Noteholder in accordance with terms and conditions of the Platform. 
7.  
PRIORITY OF PAYMENTS 
All funds received by the Issuer in relation to the Bonds, to the extent legally permitted, will be 
applied by the Issuer in the following order of priority: 
(a) 
first, in or towards payment of any amounts owed by the Issuer to any tax authority and 
required to be paid by the Issuer under or pursuant to the Notes; 
 
(b) 
second, in payment or satisfaction of all fees and penalty fees then due and unpaid to 
Mintos if any; 
(c) 
third, in or towards payment or satisfaction of all amounts then due and unpaid as 
commissions, fees, costs, charges, expenses and liabilities incurred or payable for 
servicing of the Bonds; 
(d) 
fourth, in or towards payment or satisfaction of any costs, including legal fees, for any 
action to recover funds, collect or restructure payment obligations, or taking any other 
actions to receive the Bonds’ Receivables. 
(e) 
fifth, to the Noteholders in or towards the payment or discharge of all amounts of Interest 
and Principal Amount Outstanding then due and payable under or in respect of Series. 
Such payment or discharge being done by placing Notes of all Series outstanding in the 
chronological order from the Notes having oldest Payment Event to the Notes having 
newest Payment Event, and then applying pro rata approach on each particular Series 
level. 
Neither the Issuer nor Mintos will be liable for applying the Priority of Payments, including for any 
minor errors, pursuant to Condition 25. 
8.  
INTEREST 
8.1 
Payment of Interest 
Each Note bears Interest from (and including) the date on which the Note is subscribed by the 
Noteholder. Interest will be calculated in accordance with Conditions 8.2 and payable in the 
Specified Currency in arrears on each Interest Payment Date.  
8.2  
Accrual of Interest 
The Interest payable on any Interest Payment Date in respect of each Note is as follows:

--- Page 41 ---
40 
 
a) For the first interest period: 
Principal Amount Outstanding x Interest rate / 360 x Days30* 
*days from the purchase till Interest Payment Date and according to the European 30/360 method 
(not including Interest Payment Date) 
b) For the full interest period: 
Interest Rate x Principal Amount Outstanding / 4* 
*formula applies if Notes are held for the whole interest period 
c) For the last interest period: 
Principal Amount Outstanding * Interest rate / 360 * Days30* 
*days from previous Interest Payment Date till the Interest Payment Date at the Maturity Date 
and according to the European 30/360 method (not including the Maturity Date) 
Any payment of Interest will be made only in accordance with Conditions 7, 11 and 25, and 
will be subject to the relevant Payment Event having occurred and the Issuer having 
actually received the corresponding payment under the Bonds. 
9.  
PRINCIPAL REDEMPTION 
9.1  
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified in these Terms and 
Conditions, each Note will be redeemed at the then Principal Amount Outstanding on the Maturity 
Date. 
9.2  
Early Redemption 
A proportion of the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Notes will be redeemed pro rata on each 
Redemption Date and at any other time any principal payment from the Bonds is received by the 
Issuer, without any prior notice to Noteholders. The Principal Amount Outstanding of the Notes 
redeemed will be in the same proportion as the proportion that the principal payment received by 
the Issuer has to the total principal amount outstanding of the Bonds immediately before the 
principal payment. Any accrued but unpaid Interest associated to that proportion of the Principal 
Amount Outstanding of the Notes being redeemed will be paid at the same time. For the 
avoidance of doubt if the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Notes is redeemed, the nominal 
amount of each Note (as specified in Final Terms) is constant and remains unchanged. 
Any repayment of the Principal Amount Outstanding will be made only in accordance with 
Conditions 7, 11 and 25, and will be subject to the relevant Payment Event having occurred 
and the Issuer having actually received the corresponding payment under the Bonds. 
10.  
INTEREST AND PRINCIPAL DETERMINATION  
10.1 
Mintos determines (a) the amount of Interest payable in accordance with Condition 8 for each 
Interest Payment Date and (b) the amount of principal payable in accordance with Condition 9 on 
each Redemption Date and the Maturity Date, on its review of the following information: 
(i) 
the Payment Events which have arisen;

--- Page 42 ---
41 
 
(ii) 
aggregate payment amounts paid by the Bonds’ Issuer which have been received from 
the Bonds’ Issuer;  
(iii) 
the amounts then due and owed by the Issuer according to the Priority of Payments on 
the Interest Payment Date, the Redemption Date or the Maturity Date. 
10.2 
On each Interest Payment Date, each Redemption Date and the Maturity Date, Mintos on the 
Issuer's behalf will direct the payment of Interest and principal amounts to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 11.  
10.3 
If after application of the Priority of Payments the Issuer has insufficient funds on any Interest 
Payment Date, any Redemption Date or the Maturity Date to make a payment of Interest or 
principal in full as required by Conditions 8 and 9, on behalf of the Issuer, Mintos at its sole 
discretion may decide that the Issuer pays part of the amount due or defers the payment until the 
full amount due is available, and such partial payment or deferral will not constitute an Event of 
Default under these Terms and Conditions. 
10.4 
All determinations, calculations and adjustments made by Mintos will be made in conjunction with 
the Issuer and will, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive in all respects and binding 
upon the Issuer and all Noteholders. 
11.  
PAYMENTS 
11.1 
Payments of Interest and principal  
Subject to Conditions 7 and 12, the Issuer will, from any Available Distribution Amount: 
(a) 
pay the Interest on the Notes in accordance with Condition 8 on each Interest Payment 
Date; and 
(b) 
redeem the Notes in accordance with Condition 9 on each Redemption Date and the 
Maturity Date. 
11.2 
Notes contingent payments 
All payments of Interest and principal by the Issuer under the Notes are dependent on the Issuer 
having received information on the Payment Event and the Available Distribution Amount being 
sufficient to make the relevant payments in accordance with the Priority of Payments. The Notes 
will not give rise to the Issuer having any payment obligation in excess of the foregoing. 
11.3 
Pending Payments Penalty Fee 
Not applicable.  
11.4 
Insufficient funds on the Maturity Date 
If any amounts on the Notes are outstanding on the Maturity Date, the Maturity Date will be 
automatically postponed to the date on which all amounts due and payable under the Notes are 
paid. 
11.5 
Payments to the Noteholders 
Any payments of Interest and redemption amounts in respect of the Notes will be made to the 
relevant Investment Account.

--- Page 43 ---
42 
 
11.6 
Taxes 
All payments and/or deliveries in respect of the Notes made by or on behalf of the Issuer will be 
made subject to any withholding or deduction for any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges of whatever nature which may be required to be withheld or deducted.  
The Issuer or Mintos will: 
(a) 
not be liable as a result for, or otherwise obliged to pay, any additional amount to any of 
the Noteholders in respect of, or compensation for, any such withholding or deduction or 
any other amounts withheld or deducted; 
(b) 
not be liable for or otherwise obliged to pay, and the relevant Noteholder will be liable for 
and/or pay, any tax, duty, charge, withholding or other payment whatsoever which may 
arise as a result of, or in connection with, the ownership, any transfer (or agreement to 
transfer), any payment and/or any delivery (or any agreement for delivery) in respect of 
the Notes held by such Noteholder; and 
(c) 
have the right but will not be obliged (unless required by law), to withhold or deduct from 
any amount payable or, as the case may be, any delivery due to the relevant Noteholder, 
such amount or portion as will be necessary to account for or to pay any such tax, duty, 
charge, withholding or other payment. 
The Noteholders will agree to provide the Issuer and/or Mintos with all information and 
documentation required by the Issuer and/or Mintos, as the case may be, to satisfy any Latvian 
or other country tax or regulatory obligations at any time. 
11.7 
Payments on Business Days 
If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Notes is not a Business Day, the 
Noteholder will not be entitled to payment of the amount due until the next succeeding Business 
Day in such place and will not be entitled to any further interest or other payment in respect of 
any such delay. 
12.  
LIMITED RECOURSE AND NON-PETITION 
12.1 
Notwithstanding anything in the Base Prospectus, the obligations of the Issuer in respect of the 
Notes are limited recourse obligations which are payable solely from the sums of principal, 
Interest, other return and additional amounts (if any) actually received (and identified as such) in 
relation to the Bonds. 
12.2 
All payments to be made by the Issuer in respect of the Notes will be made only from and to the 
extent of the sums received or recovered from time to time by or on behalf of the Issuer under 
the Bonds, subject always to the Priority of Payments. 
12.3 
In relation to any sums received or recovered, the Issuer (or Mintos on its behalf) will follow these 
Terms and Conditions in determining to which Series of Notes such sums relate and such 
determination will be binding on Noteholders of all Series in the absence of manifest error. 
12.4 
To the extent that the sums referred to in Condition 12.1 are less than the amount which the 
Noteholders may have expected and been entitled to receive (such difference being referred to 
as the shortfall), the shortfall will be borne by the Noteholders. 
12.5 
Each Noteholder, on subscribing or buying any Note directly, of the Platform or any other way,

--- Page 44 ---
43 
 
irrevocably accept and acknowledge that it is fully aware that: 
(a) 
only the sums referred to in this Condition 12, and Conditions 7 and 11 will be available 
for any payments to be made by the Issuer in respect of the Notes; 
(b) 
the sums which are attributable to another Series of Notes are only available in 
satisfaction of the obligations of the Issuer to such Noteholders; 
(c) 
the obligations of the Issuer to make payments in respect of the Notes will be limited to 
the sums and the Noteholders will have no recourse to the Issuer, Mintos or their 
respective shareholders, directors, officers, employees, affiliates, successors or assigns 
in respect of the Notes for the shortfall; 
(d) 
no Noteholder is entitled to proceed against the Issuer or Mintos for the shortfall; 
(e) 
following the realisation and distribution of the net proceeds from the Bonds’ Receivables 
in accordance with the Priority of Payments, the Noteholders or anyone acting on behalf 
of any of them will not be entitled to take any further steps against the Issuer or Mintos 
to recover any further sum and the right to receive any such further sum will be deemed 
as fulfilled; and 
(f) 
no Noteholder will be entitled to petition or take any other step or join with any other 
person in bringing, instituting or joining, insolvency, winding-up, liquidation or bankruptcy 
proceedings (whether court-based or otherwise), or for the appointment of an examiner, 
liquidator or analogous person in relation to the Issuer, nor will it have any claim to, or in 
respect of any sum arising in respect of any assets of the Issuer. 
12.6 
Non-payment of the shortfall referred to in this Condition 12 will not constitute an Event of Default. 
12.7 
None of the shareholders of the Issuer, Mintos, the Bonds’ Issuer has any obligation to any 
Noteholder for payment of any amount by the Issuer in respect of the Notes. 
12.8 
The provisions of this Condition 12 will survive redemption of the Notes. 
13.  
PURCHASE 
13.1 
The Issuer may at any time purchase Notes at any price on the Platform.  
13.2  
Any Note purchased by the Issuer on the sole discretion of the Issuer may be either cancelled or 
sold to any investor on behalf of the Issuer by Mintos.  
14.  
CANCELLATION 
All Notes which are redeemed or cancelled may not be re-issued or resold. 
15.  
PRESCRIPTION 
Any and all claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes will be prescribed and 
become void unless made within 10 years from the date on which payment in respect of the Notes 
first becomes due. 
16.  
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders create and issue further

--- Page 45 ---
44 
 
Series and further tranches of existing Series of Notes. A further tranche of an existing Series 
will: 
(a) 
be fungible with the Notes of that existing Series; 
(b) 
have the same terms and conditions as the Notes of that Series except for the Aggregate 
Nominal Amount, the Issue Date, the Issue Price, the Interest Accrual Periods, the first 
Interest Payment Date and the first Redemption Date; and 
(c) 
be consolidated and form a single Series with that existing Series of Notes, and 
references in these Terms and Conditions to Notes will be construed accordingly. 
The right of the Issuer from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders to create and 
issue further Series, includes also the Issuer’s right to issue bonds’ backed and contingent notes 
according to the base prospectuses and transaction documents for other bonds’ issuers.  
17.  
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
17.1 
Any of the following events will constitute an event of default under the Notes (each, an Event of 
Default): 
(a) 
if any order is made by any competent court or any resolution passed for the winding- up 
or dissolution (including any bankruptcy, insolvency, voluntary, forced or judicial 
liquidation, composition with creditors, a reprieve from payment, controlled management, 
fraudulent conveyance, general settlement with creditors or reorganisation proceedings 
or similar proceedings affecting the rights of creditors generally) of the Issuer (save for 
the purposes of amalgamation, merger, consolidation, reorganisation or other similar 
arrangements); or  
(b) 
formal notice is given of an appointment an administrator (including any receiver, 
liquidator, auditor, verifier), provisional administrator; or  
(c) 
any application is made, or petition is lodged, or documents are filed with the court or 
administrator in relation to the Issuer for the actions, proceeding or procedures specified 
in paragraphs (a) or (b) above, unless such proceedings or petitions are disputed in good 
faith and are discharged, stayed or dismissed within 90 calendar days of commencement. 
17.2 
The Issuer is obliged to inform Mintos immediately if any Event of Default should occur. Should 
Mintos not receive such information, Mintos is entitled to assume that no Event of Default exists 
or can be expected to occur, provided that Mintos does not have knowledge of any Event of 
Default. Mintos is under no obligation to make any investigations relating to any Event of Default. 
The Issuer will, at the request of Mintos, provide Mintos with details of any Event of Default and 
provide Mintos with all documents that may be of significance for the application of this Condition 
17. 
17.3  
If Mintos has been notified by the Issuer or has otherwise determined that there is an Event of 
Default, Mintos will, within 20 Business Days of the day of notification or determination, notify the 
Noteholders according to Condition 20.  
17.4 
Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, Notes are repaid according to the terms and 
conditions stipulated by this Base Prospectus and relevant Series Final Terms, unless otherwise 
required by a rule of the law.

--- Page 46 ---
45 
 
17.5 
Mintos, subject to the Noteholders indemnifying and holding Mintos harmless from any 
reasonable expenses, loss or liability, will take every reasonable measure necessary to recover 
the amounts outstanding under the Notes according to their terms and conditions and Transaction 
Documents. Mintos will in each case inform the Noteholders about the costs which should be 
compensated prior to requesting any indemnification. In any case Mintos will charge this 
compensation of costs only up to the recovered amount. Mintos will not ask for compensation of 
costs for its in-house staff and resources.  
17.6 
For the avoidance of doubt, if any payment is not made by the Issuer because the Issuer has not 
received the relevant amounts under the Series Specific Notes so that the Available Distribution 
Amount after application of the Priority of Payments is not enough to make payments due under 
the Notes in full, the occurrence of such event will, as such, not constitute an Event of Default. 
18.  
MEETING OF NOTEHOLDERS  
18.1 
General provisions  
The Issuer from time to time may convene a meeting of the Noteholders (the Noteholders 
Meeting) to adopt resolutions on certain matters. The Issuer at its own discretion decides which 
matters will be reserved for passing at the Noteholders Meeting.  
These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did 
not attend and vote at the Noteholders Meeting or in respect of the relevant resolution and 
Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. As a result, Noteholders may be 
bound by a change to these Terms and Conditions or by some other decision that affects 
Noteholders' investment in the Notes even though they have not agreed to such change.  
The Noteholders Meeting may adopt its resolutions in one of the two forms as chosen by the 
Issuer:  
(a)  
at a meeting held by attendance of the Noteholders to discuss the items on the agenda 
and pass resolutions on the matters put to the vote using ballots provided; or 
(b)  
by absentee voting (without attendance of the Noteholders to discuss the items on the 
agenda and pass resolutions on the matters put to the vote). 
The Noteholders Meeting will be chaired, and minutes taken by a representative of Mintos.  
18.2  
Resolutions of the Noteholders Meeting 
Matters put to the vote at a Noteholders Meeting and its agenda will be decided by the Issuer. 
The Noteholders may neither pass resolutions on the matters not included in its agenda nor 
amend the agenda. 
Resolutions passed by the Noteholders Meeting and voting results will be provided to the persons 
eligible to participate in the Noteholders Meeting in a report, which will be disclosed to the 
Noteholders as per the procedure prescribed with regard to sending notices of the Noteholders 
Meeting, within 5 Business Days after the closing date of the meeting or the final date for 
submitting the voting ballots in case of absentee voting. However, the failure to do so will not 
invalidate the resolution. 
The resolution will be binding on all the Noteholders, whether or not present at the Noteholders 
Meeting and each of them will be bound to give effect to it accordingly.

--- Page 47 ---
46 
 
18.3  
Information on holding a Noteholders Meeting 
The Issuer will notify the Noteholders about the Noteholders Meeting in accordance with the 
procedure below.  
A notice of the Noteholders Meeting (the Notice) will be given according to Condition 20 no later 
than 10 days in advance.  
The Notice will be given to the Noteholders registered on the date of the Notice in the electronic 
register of Noteholders maintained by Mintos. 
The Issuer may decide not to publish the Notice on the Platform. In such a case within the time 
specified in this Condition 18.3 the Issuer will send the Notice to the Noteholders by email. 
The Issuer may at its own discretion make available information to the Noteholders entitled to 
participate in the Noteholders Meeting as part of preparations for the Noteholders Meeting.  
18.4  
Quorum at a Noteholders Meeting  
A Noteholders Meeting will be deemed quorate if attended by Noteholders aggregately holding 
more than 50% of: 
(a) 
the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of all Series of Notes on the date of the 
Notice if the decision is related towards all Series of Notes outstanding; or 
(b) 
the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the relevant Series of Notes on the date 
of the Notice if the decision is related towards the relevant Series of Notes outstanding. 
The number of votes for each Noteholder equals the Principal Amount Outstanding in the 
respective Series on the date of the Notice. 
When a Noteholders Meeting is held by attendance of the Noteholders to discuss the items on 
the agenda and pass resolutions on the matters put to the vote, the Noteholders registered to 
participate in the Noteholders Meeting and the Noteholders whose ballots have been received no 
later than 2 days before the meeting will be deemed to have participated in the meeting.  
When a Noteholders Meeting is held in the form of absentee voting, the Noteholders whose 
ballots have been received before the final date for submitting the ballots will be deemed to have 
participated in the meeting.  
Where there is no quorum for a Noteholders Meeting, a second Noteholders Meeting will be held 
with the same agenda. Such second Noteholders Meeting will be deemed quorate if attended by 
Noteholders aggregately holding more than 30% of: 
(a) 
the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of all Series of Notes on the date of the 
Notice if the decision is related towards all Series of Notes outstanding; or 
(b) 
the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the relevant Series of Notes on the date 
of the Notice if the decision is related towards the relevant Series of Notes outstanding. 
Subject to the quorum being present, the decisions on the Noteholders Meeting agenda will be 
adopted per each item of the agenda by the majority from the total number  of votes provided.

--- Page 48 ---
47 
 
18.5 
Voting ballots 
Ballots for voting at a Noteholders Meeting will be sent together with the Notice according to 
Condition 18.3.  
Ballots for voting will be in the English language.  
Voting could be convened as an e-voting through filling-out an electronic voting ballot through the 
interface of the Platform. 
Noteholders included in the list of those entitled to participate in the Noteholders Meeting other 
than the Noteholders Meeting held in the form of absentee voting, or their representatives, may 
register to participate or forward their completed ballots to the Issuer. Voting ballots will be 
counted towards the calculation of the quorum and voting results if received by the company no 
later than 2 days before the Noteholders Meeting. 
The voting ballot will contain the information about the Noteholders Meeting including but not 
limited to:  
- 
information about the Issuer, including address and contact person; 
- 
details identifying the Series of Notes; 
- 
form of the Noteholders Meeting (attendance or by absentee voting); 
- 
date, place and time of the Noteholders Meeting if it is held in the form of attendance of 
the Noteholders; 
- 
Principal Amount Outstanding; and 
- 
voting options for each item on the agenda, expressed as “for”, “against”, or “abstained”, 
and the indication that the voting ballot must be signed by a person entitled to participate 
in the Noteholders Meeting or its representative unless convened by e-voting. 
When voting by ballots, only those voting ballots are counted where for each item only one voting 
option is selected. The voting ballots completed in breach of the aforementioned requirement will 
be deemed invalid. However, if there are several items put to the vote on the voting ballot, breach 
of the aforementioned requirement with respect to one or several items will not affect the validity 
of the remaining ballot. If a voting ballot is rendered invalid with respect to voting on one, several 
or all items included in such ballot, the votes so cast in such ballot will not be excluded from the 
calculation of the quorum. If a voting ballot is rendered invalid, the votes on the items contained 
in the voting ballot will not be counted. 
18.6 
Counting  
The counting functions will be performed by Mintos, which will check the powers of, and register 
the participants in a Noteholders Meeting, determine the quorum at a Noteholders Meeting, count 
the votes and determine the voting results, draw up the voting minutes and hand over the voting 
ballots to the archive. 
19.  
SUBSTITUTION 
19.1 
The Issuer or any previous substitute company may be substituted by any other company as 
principal obligor under all of the Notes then outstanding provided that such substitution would not

--- Page 49 ---
48 
 
be materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders and subject to the other Terms and 
Conditions being complied with, including with provisions of the Transaction Documents, and 
further provided that NCA has given its prior consent to such substitution if any needed according 
to the applicable law. 
19.2 
By subscribing to, or otherwise acquiring, the Notes, the Noteholders expressly consent to the 
substitution of the Issuer and to the release of the Issuer from any and all obligations in respect 
of the Notes and any relevant agreements and are expressly deemed to have accepted such 
substitution and the consequences of such substitution. 
19.3 
Any such substitution will be notified to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 20. 
20.  
NOTICES AND PROVISION OF INFORMATION 
20.1  
Notices to the Noteholders will be given upon sole discretion of the Issuer in the English language 
and/or any other language the Issuer deems fit for such purposes and will be given by using one 
or several communication channels: 
(a) 
emailed to respective email addresses in the register of Noteholders and deemed to have 
been given within 24 hours after the dispatch; and 
(b) 
delivered to Mintos for further communication to the Noteholder according to the services 
provision agreement between Mintos and the Noteholder (including times when deemed 
to have been duly given). 
20.2 
Any notices, demands, claims or other communication to the Issuer by any Noteholder will be in 
the English language and will be given by using one of the following communication channels:  
(a)  
delivered by hand or courier and deemed to have been given on the same day of delivery; 
and 
(b) 
delivered by registered mail and deemed to have been given on the 10th calendar day 
following the date indicated on the stamp by the postal service provider on the 
acceptance of a registered letter. 
20.3.  
For the purposes of Condition 20.2 notices or other communications addressed to the Issuer will 
be given to Mintos, serving as an agent for this purpose: 
AS Mintos Marketplace 
50 Skanstes Street, Riga, LV-1013, Latvia 
For the attention of SIA Mintos Finance No. 45 
21.  
AGENTS 
21.1  
Mintos acts solely as an agent of the Issuer and does not assume any obligation or duty to, or 
any relationship of agency or trust for or with, any Noteholder. 
21.2  
The Issuer subject to the provisions of the Transaction Documents reserves the right at any time 
to vary or terminate the appointment of Mintos and any other party to any of the Transaction 
Documents. 
21.3 
Without prejudice to section 18 of these Terms and Conditions neither Mintos nor Issuer is 
representing the Noteholders in regards to the Notes and on the basis of this Base Prospectus 
there are no organisations representing the Investors and there are no provisions applying to

--- Page 50 ---
49 
 
such representation.  
22.  
FORCE MAJEURE 
Neither the Issuer nor Mintos will be responsible for any failure to perform any of its respective 
obligations under these Terms and Conditions which is due to any reason that is independent of 
that person’s will and has resulted from a force majeure event. A force majeure event will apply 
only and solely if that person has taken all steps that depend on it in order to perform the 
obligation. Once the force majeure event has finished, that person must immediately resume the 
performance of the obligation. The following circumstances will be considered as force majeure 
events: 
(a) 
extraordinary and unavoidable circumstances including natural disasters, fire, flood, 
earthquake, warfare, terror acts, riots and strikes; 
(b) 
technical failures, delays or malfunctions; failure of computers, communications systems, 
hardware and/or software; power supply malfunctions; or other critical infrastructure 
malfunctions, which neither the Issuer nor Mintos could have prevented or predicted; 
(c) 
decisions and/or activities of local and/or foreign public authorities, and/or international 
organisations; 
(d) 
entry into force, amendments and/or suspension of a statutory act binding on either the 
issuer or Mintos affecting the performance of obligations under these Terms and 
Conditions; and 
(e) 
any circumstance defined as a force majeure circumstance in any of the Transaction 
Documents. 
23.  
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
23.1 
The Notes (and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes) are 
governed by and will be construed in accordance with the law of the Republic of Latvia. 
23.2 
The courts of the Republic of Latvia are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise 
out of or in connection with the Notes (including any disputes relating to any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes) and accordingly any legal action or 
proceedings arising out of or in conjunction with the Notes may be brought in such courts. The 
Issuer and each of the Noteholders irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of such courts. 
24.  
AMENDMENTS AND MODIFICATIONS 
To comply with any applicable law, the Issuer may validly amend or supplement these Terms and 
Conditions by publishing the changed Terms and Conditions on the Platform without the consent 
of the Noteholders. 
25.  
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY, AND REPRESENTATION AND WARRANTIES OF THE 
NOTEHOLDER  
25.1 
Notwithstanding anything in the Base Prospectus, other than with respect to gross negligence or 
wilful misconduct by the Issuer and/or Mintos, neither the Issuer nor Mintos will be held liable by 
any Noteholder for: 
(a)  
any material error, misrepresentation, omission or fraud by the Bonds’ Issuer;

--- Page 51 ---
50 
 
(b)  
failure of the Bonds’ Issuer for whatever reason to inform the Issuer and/or Mintos of the 
Payment Event having occurred or for the information being inaccurate or wrong; 
(c) 
the Bonds’ Receivables; or 
(d) 
determinations and decisions when distributing amounts under the Notes, including, 
when applying the Priority of Payments, deciding whether to defer payment or make a 
partial payment, relying upon or deciding if and when there is no realistic prospect of 
collecting further funds under issued Notes, including in the event of default of the Bonds’ 
Issuer. 
25.2  
In any and all cases liability of the Issuer and/or Mintos to any Noteholder under these Terms and 
Conditions will be limited to the amount invested in the impacted Notes by the Noteholder. 
25.3 
Each Noteholder, on subscribing or buying any Note directly, through a portfolio management 
service of the Platform or any other way, irrevocably accept and acknowledge that it is fully aware 
that: 
(a) 
the Issuer and Mintos do not make any representation or warranty in respect of, or will 
not at any time have any responsibility for, or, save as otherwise expressly provided in 
these Terms and Conditions, liability or obligation in respect of the performance and 
observance by the Bonds’ Issuer of its obligations under the Bonds’ Issuer Prospectus; 
(b) 
the Issuer and Mintos will not at any time have any responsibility for, or obligation or 
liability in respect of, the condition, financial or otherwise, covenant, creditworthiness, 
affairs, status or nature of the Bonds’ Issuer or any other person; 
(c) 
the Issuer and Mintos will not at any time be liable for any representation or warranty, or 
any act, default or omission of the Bonds’ Issuer or other person; 
(d) 
the Issuer will not at any time have any responsibility for, or liability or obligation in respect 
of, the performance and observance by Mintos of its obligations under the Transaction 
Documents or any other agreement entered or to be entered into by and between the 
Noteholders and Mintos;  
(e) 
financial servicing and performance of the terms of the Notes depend upon the 
performance of the Bonds’ Issuer of its obligations under the Bonds’ Issuer Prospectus, 
its duties to make payments under the terms of the Bonds’ Issuer Prospectus and its 
credit and financial standing, and the performance of its guarantors (if any) and/or the 
pledgors (if any) of their respective contractual obligations towards the Issuer and Mintos 
as well as their respective credit and financial standing; 
(f) 
the Notes, which the Noteholder has or will acquire, reflect the performance of the Bonds. 
The Noteholder has no direct recourse to any of the Bonds. Once the Bonds’ Receivables 
have been realised according to these Terms and Conditions, the Noteholder is not 
entitled to take any further steps against the Issuer or Mintos to recover any further sums 
due and the right to receive any such sum will be extinguished. The Noteholder accepts 
not to attach or otherwise seize any of the assets of the Issuer. In particular, the 
Noteholder will not be entitled to petition or take any step for the winding-up, the 
liquidation or the bankruptcy of the Issuer or any similar insolvency-related proceedings 
and such petition or action will be treated as null and void as from its initiation time; and 
(g) 
the Investment Accounts will be opened and be held by the Noteholder fully operational

--- Page 52 ---
51 
 
with Mintos while the Noteholder holds any Notes.

--- Page 53 ---
52 
 
10. TAXATION 
The information provided in this section will not be treated as legal or tax advice; and prospective investors 
are advised to consult their own tax advisors as to the tax consequences of the subscription, ownership 
and disposal of the Notes applicable to their particular circumstances. The following is a general summary 
of certain tax considerations in the Republic of Latvia in relation to the Notes. It is not exhaustive and 
does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax consequences relating to the Notes, as well as does 
not take into account or discuss the tax implications of any country other than the Republic of Latvia. 
 
Tax laws of the Noteholder’s country of residence for taxation purposes and of the Issuer’s 
country of residence may have an impact on the income received from the Notes. 
This summary is based on the laws of Latvia as in force on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject 
to any change in the law that may take effect after such date, provided that such changes could apply 
also retroactively. 
Latvia has entered into a number of tax conventions on elimination of the double taxation (hereinafter - 
DTT), which may provide a more favourable taxation regime. Therefore, if there is a valid DTT between 
Latvia and the country of tax residence of a prospective Noteholder, it should be also examined. The 
procedures for application of tax conventions are provided in the Republic of Latvia Cabinet of Ministers’ 
Regulations No. 178 “Procedures for Application of Tax Relief Determined in International Agreements 
for Prevention of Double Taxation and Tax Evasion”, adopted on 30 April 2001.  
Taxation of the Issuer 
The Issuer is a corporate income tax payer in Latvia. According to the Latvian tax law, the annual profit 
earned by entities in Latvia is not taxed. Instead, corporate income tax is paid on dividends, fringe benefits, 
gifts, donations, representation costs, non–business related disbursements and transfer pricing 
adjustments. The tax rate applicable is 20%, however, the taxable base is divided by the coefficient 0.8, 
thus the effective Corporate income tax rate is 25%.   
Taxation of individual Noteholders 
Resident individuals 
An individual will be considered a resident of Latvia for taxation purposes if at least one of the following 
requirements is met: 
● 
the declared place of residence of this person is in Latvia; 
● 
the person stays in Latvia for at least 183 days for a period of 12 consecutive calendar months; 
● 
the person is a Latvian citizen who is employed by the government of Latvia in a foreign country.   
Following the Latvian tax laws the interest income received by the individual tax resident in Latvia is 
subject to tax at the rate of 20%. The interest income from the Notes for resident individuals will be subject 
to 20 % personal income tax that will be withheld by the Issuer before the Interest payment is made by 
the Issuer to the Noteholder. The tax withheld by the Issuer is a final tax liability on the interest income 
received.  
The income from the sale of the Notes is treated as an income similar to the interest income for Latvian 
personal income tax purposes and will be subject to 20% personal income tax and the tax is payable by 
the individual him/herself. 
Non-resident individuals 
An individual would be considered a non-resident of Latvia for taxation purposes in all cases unless he/she 
is a tax resident of Latvia. Interest income from the Notes received by the non-resident individual is subject 
to a 5% withholding tax rate for investors who invest as private persons and are tax residents of the 
EU/EEA. For other individual investors and those who have not confirmed tax residence and not investing

--- Page 54 ---
53 
 
as a private person 20% withholding tax rate is applied. According to the general practice the tax withheld 
in Latvia might be deducted from the tax payable by the investor in his/her residence country (as tax paid 
abroad). However, we recommend consulting with the respective country's tax administration or tax 
adviser to clarify the procedure and documents required to perform such a deduction (if any).  
 
The tax rate might be reduced based on the Double Tax Treaty between Latvia and the respective country. 
The list of the Double Tax Treaties concluded by Latvia is available here.  
The income from the sale of the Notes will be subject to 20% tax and the tax would be payable by the 
individual him/herself, if the buyer of the Notes is an individual or legal entity non-resident of Latvia.  
Taxation of legal entity Noteholders 
Resident legal entities 
A legal entity would be considered a resident of Latvia for tax purposes, if established pursuant to Latvian 
law. Interest payments on the Notes and proceeds from the disposal of the Notes received by Latvian 
resident legal entities will not be subject to withholding tax in Latvia. Under the Latvian tax law retained 
earnings are exempt from corporate income tax and only profit distributions are taxed. Distributed gross 
profits are subject to the 20% profit tax. Corporate income tax on the net amount of profit distribution is 
determined by dividing the net amount with a coefficient of 0.8 (i.e., the effective tax rate on net distributed 
profit is 25%).   
Non-resident legal entities 
A legal entity would be considered a non-resident of Latvia for taxation purposes in all cases unless it is 
a tax resident of Latvia. The interest income and capital gains from the sale of the Notes for non-resident 
legal entities will not be taxable in Latvia (i.e. gross income will be paid), except if the income recipient is 
located, registered, or incorporated in a no-tax or low-tax country (so-called “tax havens”; if this is the 
case - 20% tax will be withheld by the Issuer in Latvia). The list of “tax havens” according to the Latvian 
law includes UK Anguilla, Antigua and Barbuda, US Guam, US Samoa, US Virgin Islands, Belize, Russian 
Federation, Commonwealth of the Bahamas, Republic of Fiji, Republic of Palau, Republic of Panama, 
Independent State of Samoa, Republic of Seychelles, UK Turks and Caicos Islands, Republic of Trinidad 
and Tobago, Republic of Vanuatu. The list of mentioned countries and territories may be amended from 
time to time.

--- Page 55 ---
54 
 
11. APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
 
The form of Final Terms that will be issued in respect of each Series, subject only to the deletion of non-
applicable provisions, is set out below. The completed Final Terms for each Series, which are described 
in this Base Prospectus as the "Final Terms" will be published on the website: www.mintos.com. 
 
Final Terms dated [...][...] [...] 
SIA Mintos Finance No. 45 (the “Issuer”) 
(incorporated as a limited liability company and registered in the Republic of Latvia with registration 
number: 40203407882)  
LEI: 98450059H090976DBC22 
Series [...] EUR [...] Notes 
relating to the Bonds with the ISIN number: 
[...] 
issued by UAB EASY DEBT SERVICE (Lithuania) (the Bonds’ Issuer) 
Terms used herein will be deemed to be as defined in the Base Prospectus dated [ ] [ ] [ ] for the purposes 
of Prospectus Regulation, in respect of Notes issued by the Issuer. This document constitutes the Final 
Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 (4) of the Prospectus Regulation and 
must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of 
Notes is only available on the basis of a combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [as 
so supplemented]. The Base Prospectus [and the supplements, if any] is available for viewing on the 
website [www.mintos.com/***]. The summary of the individual issue of the Notes is annexed to these Final 
Terms as Appendix 1.  
The Base Prospectus under which the Notes specified in these Final Terms are issued, loses its validity 
on […] or by the publication of a new base prospectus for the Notes in the Programme currency related 
to the Bonds immediately succeeding this Base Prospectus (the "New Base Prospectus") depending on 
which event occurs earlier (the "Expiry Date of the Base Prospectus"). Notwithstanding the above, the 
Notes specified in these Final Terms* shall continue to be subject to the terms and conditions of the Base 
Prospectus. From the Expiry Date of the Base Prospectus, these Final Terms must be read in conjunction 
with the New Base Prospectus. The New Base Prospectus will be available (no later than the Expiry Date 
of the Base Prospectus) on the website [https://www.mintos.com/en/]. 
 
*Notes, which Maturity Date specified in the Final Terms exceeds Expiry Date of the Base Prospectus. 
Part 1 - Contractual terms 
1.1. Information concerning the Notes to be offered to the public:  
Number 
Disclosure requirement 
Details 
1.1.1. 
Series: 
[...] 
1.1.2. 
ISIN Code: 
LV[...] 
1.1.3. 
Specified Currency: 
[...] 
1.1.4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[...]

--- Page 56 ---
55 
 
1.1.5. 
Specified Denominations: 
The Series Aggregate Nominal Amount is divided 
into [...] Notes. 
 
Nominal amount of the Note is [...]. 
1.1.6. 
Issue Price: 
[...] of the Notes nominal amount 
1.1.7. 
Offer Price of one Note: 
[...] or Principal Amount Outstanding of one Note 
1.1.8. 
Issue Date: 
[...] 
1.1.9. 
Maturity Date: 
[...] 
1.1.10. 
Interest Rate: 
[...]% per annum 
1.1.11. 
Interest Accrual Periods:         
   From the Notes purchase date up to, but not 
including the Interest Payment Date for the first 
Interest payment. 
From the previous Interest Payment Date up to, 
but not including the next Interest Payment Date 
or the last Interest Payment Date 
1.1.12. 
Interest Payment Date (s): 
Up to 10 Business Days after the corresponding 
Bonds’ Receivables Payment Date and subject to 
the actual receipt by the Issuer of the relevant 
payment in relation to the Bonds 
1.1.13. 
Redemption Date (s): 
Up to 10 Business Days after the corresponding 
Bonds maturity date and subject to the actual 
receipt by the Issuer of the relevant payment in 
relation to the Bonds 
1.1.14. 
Indication of Yield: 
[...]% per annum

--- Page 57 ---
56 
 
Part 2 - Responsibility and authorisation  
The Management Board of the Issuer: 
 
Title Name, surname 
Chairman of the Management Board Martins Sulte 
Member of the Management Board Martins Valters 
 
accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms which, when read together with 
the Base Prospectus referred to above, contains all information that is material to the issue of the Notes. 
 
The limitation of the Issuer's and Mintos liability provided in the Subsection 9.25. “Limitation of a Liability” 
in the Base Prospectus applies. 
This Notes Series issue is authorised by [...] of the Issuer, Minutes No. [...] as of [...] [...] 202[...].