--- Page 2 ---
1 
 
 
Dated 04.12.2024 
SIA Mintos Finance No. 54  
(incorporated as a limited liability company and registered in the Republic of Latvia with registration 
number 40203572864 and LEI: 98450041Z59BC5D73971) 
 
EUR 40 000 000 (forty million euro) Note Programme  
Under this Programme, the Issuer may from time to time issue Notes denominated in any currency as 
determined by the Issuer. The Notes will be distributed by way of a public offer. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of the Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of the Notes, 
the issue price of the Notes and any other terms and conditions applicable to the Notes and not 
contained in this Base Prospectus will be set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
Notes will be issued in registered form. The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time 
to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed EUR 40 000 000 (forty million euro) (or its 
equivalent in other currencies). 
Any payment under the Notes is dependent on, and limited to, a pool of certain Loans. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the NCA, as competent authority 
under the Prospectus Regulation. The NCA has only approved this Base Prospectus as meeting the 
standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. 
This approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the Notes that 
are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the 
appropriateness and suitability of investing in the Notes.  
The public offer of the Notes is made in Latvia, France, Germany, Italy, Poland, Netherlands, Czech 
Republic, Belgium, Austria, Portugal and Spain under this Base Prospectus.  
During the validity period of this Base Prospectus the Issuer plans to request that the NCA provides 
competent authorities under the Prospectus Regulation in Bulgaria, Croatia, Republic of Cyprus, 
Denmark, Estonia, Finland, Greece, Hungary, Iceland, Ireland, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, 
Malta, Norway, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia and Sweden with a certificate of approval attesting that 
this Base Prospectus has been drawn up following the Prospectus Regulation. When such a certificate 
shall be obtained it will be permitted to make the public offer under this Base Prospectus in other 
Member States, and the Issuer shall ensure that Mintos provides information about it on the Platform. 
Such certificate, if and when received, should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or 
the quality of the Notes. 
This Base Prospectus will be valid for a period of up to 12 months after its approval by the NCA. In the 
event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to information included in 
this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, the Issuer will prepare 
a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any 
subsequent issue of Notes. The obligation to prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish 
a new Base Prospectus in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy will 
cease to apply upon the expiry of the validity period of this Base Prospectus. 
The principal risk factors that may affect the abilities of the Issuer to fulfil its obligations under 
the Notes are discussed in the section entitled ‘2. RISK FACTORS’ of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 3 ---
2 
 
 
Capitalised terms used in this Base Prospectus have the meaning given to them in the section entitled 
‘GLOSSARY’ of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 4 ---
3 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 
GLOSSARY 
4 
1. 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
7 
2. 
RISK FACTORS 
9 
3. 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
23 
4. 
TRANSACTION OVERVIEW 
26 
5. 
THE ISSUER 
38 
6. 
MINTOS 
40 
7. 
THE LENDING COMPANY 
42 
8. 
THE LOANS 
46 
9. 
THE GUARANTOR 
49 
10. 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
55 
11. 
TAXATION 
75 
12. 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
77

--- Page 5 ---
4 
 
 
GLOSSARY 
API 
application programming interface to exchange and transmit information and 
data in a structured form between the Issuer, the Lending Company and Mintos. 
Backup Servicer 
the legal entity (if any) engaged by the Issuer to service and administer the 
Loans. 
Base Prospectus 
this base prospectus. 
Borrower  
the debtor or debtors of a Loan. 
Buyback 
Obligation 
has the meaning set out in the section entitled ‘4. TRANSACTION OVERVIEW 
– THE DESCRIPTION OF THE TRANSACTIONS IN RELATION TO THE 
NOTES – The Buyback Obligation’ of this Base Prospectus. 
Cooperation 
agreement 
the cooperation agreement between the Issuer, the Lending Company and 
Mintos in relation to the Notes, and in relation to the notes issued under other 
programmes. 
 
Final Terms 
any duly completed final terms in the form set out in section 12 of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Guarantee 
Agreement 
the guarantee agreement by the Guarantor to guarantee the obligations of the 
Lending Company to the Issuer. 
Guarantor 
Iute Group AS, a public limited company incorporated on 7 November 2008 and 
existing under the laws of the Republic of Estonia, registered with Estonian 
Commercial Register (RIK) companies register under registration number 
11551447 and having its registered address at Maakri tn 19/1, Harju maakond, 
Tallinn, 10145, Estonia.  
Investment 
Accounts  
the separate accounts at Mintos of the Investor. 
Investor 
a person registered and accepted on the Platform as an investor. 
Issuer 
SIA Mintos Finance No. 54, a limited liability company incorporated on 4 July 
2024 and existing under the laws of Republic of Latvia, registered in the 
Commercial Register of the Register of Enterprises of the Republic of Latvia 
under registration number: 40203572864 and having its registered address at 
Skanstes street 52, Riga, a special purpose entity whose principal purpose is 
the issue of Notes. 
Issuer’s Account 
the cash funds account of the Issuer opened with Mintos which is used solely 
for settling payments with the Lending Company, the Backup Servicer (if any), 
the Guarantor (if any) and the Investors.

--- Page 6 ---
5 
 
 
Lending 
Company 
"IuteCredit Bulgaria" EOOD, a limited liability company existing under the laws 
of the Bulgaria, registration number 205559807, registered on March 11, 2019, 
having its registered address at Bulgaria, Sofia, Oborishte district, Cherkovna 
St., 38, floor 1, office 4. 
Loan  
the principal amount outstanding under the Loan Agreement. 
Loan Agreement 
each non-bank credit agreement including the credit framework agreement 
between the Lending Company and the Borrower as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Loan 
Receivables 
the receivables under the Loan Agreement relating to 90% of the Loan that are 
assigned and to the extent that are assigned to the Issuer under the Purchase 
Agreement. 
Mintos 
AS Mintos Marketplace, a joint stock company registered in the Commercial 
Register of the Register of Enterprises of the Republic of Latvia under unified 
registration number 40103903643 on 1 June 2015, having registered address 
50 Skanstes Street, Riga, LV-1013, Latvia, an investment firm authorised by the 
NCA, which provides investment and related services to Investors through the 
Platform. 
Mintos Group 
AS Mintos Holdings, a joint stock company registered in the Commercial 
Register of the Register of Enterprises of the Republic of Latvia under unified 
registration number 40103902690 on 27 May 2015, and any of its subsidiaries. 
NCA 
the Bank of Latvia (in Latvian: Latvijas Banka), national competent authority and 
the competent authority supervising investment services in the Republic of 
Latvia (https://www.bank.lv), and as competent authority under the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
Notes 
the notes issued or to be issued under this Programme. 
Noteholder 
the holder for the time being of any Note. 
Platform 
sites created and serviced by Mintos, merged under the domain name 
www.mintos.com and software application to access it from a smartphone. 
Pledge 
Agreement 
the securing charge agreement over the loan receivables entered into by and 
between the Lending Company as the chargor and the Issuer as the chargee. 
Purchase 
Agreement 
part of the Cooperation Agreement relating to the purchase by the Issuer and 
sale by the Lending Company of the Loans.  
Prospectus 
Regulation 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to 
the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing Directive 
2003/71/EC and includes any commission delegated regulation under the

--- Page 7 ---
6 
 
 
Prospectus Regulation. 
Programme 
this EUR 40 000 000 (forty million euro) Note Programme. 
Repurchase 
has the meanings set out in the section entitled ‘4. TRANSACTION OVERVIEW 
– THE DESCRIPTION OF THE TRANSACTIONS IN RELATION TO THE 
NOTES – Exercising of Repurchase’ of this Base Prospectus. 
Securities Act 
the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
Series 
a series of Notes. 
Transaction 
Documents 
the Cooperation Agreement, the Transfer Document, the Guarantee Agreement 
and the Pledge Agreement. 
Transfer 
Document 
the document generated by Mintos evidencing the transfer of Loan Receivables 
from the Lending Company to the Issuer in accordance with the Purchase 
Agreement.

--- Page 8 ---
7 
 
 
1. 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION 
o 
What is Mintos? 
Mintos provides solutions for investors looking to build wealth through long-term investing. With loans, 
bonds, ETFs, real estate, and Smart Cash, Mintos offers a unique mix of alternative and traditional 
investments for long-term investors. This one-of-a-kind offering enables retail investors to consolidate 
their portfolios and easily manage all their long-term investments from a single platform. 
Mintos has over 500 thousand registered users, and manages more than EUR 600 million in assets 
under administration (as of 30 June 2024). 
Mintos is an authorized investment firm in the European Union under MiFID (Markets in Financial 
Instruments Directive). For more information, see section ‘6. MINTOS’ of this Base Prospectus. 
 
o 
What are Notes?  
Notes are financial instruments issued by the Issuer via Mintos to Investors, which allows Investors to 
invest in Loans issued by the Lending Company to the Borrowers.  
The Issuer is a special purpose legal entity established for the purposes of: 
● 
purchasing Loan Receivables from the Lending Company; 
● 
pooling those Loan Receivables for a particular Series of Notes; and 
● 
issuing those Notes to Investors via Mintos. 
See the sections entitled ‘5. THE ISSUER’ and ‘7. THE LENDING COMPANY’ of this Base Prospectus 
for more information. 
o 
The flow of funds for repayment 
Each time the Borrower makes repayments to the Lending Company, the Lending Company transfers 
the funds to the Issuer, which in turn makes repayments under the relevant Series of Notes to the 
relevant Investor via Mintos. The repayments are received into the relevant Investment Account.  
 
This means that if the Borrower makes:  
● 
the repayments to the Lending Company later than scheduled, the repayments to the Investor 
will also be correspondingly delayed; and 
● 
no repayments at all and the Lending Company is not able to recover anything from the 
Borrower, no repayments will be received by the Investor.

--- Page 9 ---
8 
 
 
The Lending Company has to provide a Buyback Obligation for Loan Receivables, which means that if 
any repayment by the Borrower is delayed by more than 60 days, the Lending Company is obliged to 
repay the Loan Receivables together with any interest. In this situation, the Investor will be exposed to 
the credit risk of the Lending Company. See section entitled ‘2. RISK FACTORS – RISKS SPECIFIC 
TO LOAN SERVICING – Insolvency of the Lending Company’.  
o 
The flow of funds for investment 
The Lending Company issues Loans to Borrowers, and then sells the relevant Loan Receivables to the 
Issuer. The Issuer issues a Series of Notes corresponding to these Loan Receivables to Investors via 
Mintos. When an Investor purchases any Note of the Series, the Investment Accounts are credited with 
the Note and debited with the purchase price of the Note. The purchase price is transferred to the 
Lending Company.

--- Page 10 ---
9 
 
 
2. 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the factors listed in this section of the Base Prospectus may affect its ability to 
fulfil its obligations under the Notes. All of these risk factors and events are contingencies which may 
or may not occur and the Issuer is not in a position to express a view on the likelihood of any such 
contingency occurring. In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market 
risks associated with the Notes are also described below.  
Although the most material risk factors have been presented first within each category, the order in 
which the remaining risks are presented is not necessarily an indication of the likelihood of the risks 
actually materialising, the potential significance of the risks or the scope of any potential negative impact 
to the Issuer's or the Lending Company's business, financial condition, results of operations and 
prospects. The Issuer and/or the Lending Company may face a number of these risks described below 
simultaneously. While the risk factors below have been divided into categories, some risk factors could 
belong in more than one category and prospective investors should carefully consider all of the risk 
factors set out in this section.  
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the material risks inherent to investing 
in the Notes, but the inability of the Issuer or the Lending Company to pay interest, principal or other 
amounts on or in connection with any Notes may occur for other reasons and the statements below 
regarding the risks of investing in any Notes are not exhaustive. Other risks, events, facts or 
circumstances not included in this Base Prospectus, not presently known to the Issuer, or that the Issuer 
at the date of this Base Prospectus deems to be immaterial could, individually or cumulatively, prove to 
be important and may have a significant negative impact on the Issuer's or the Lending Company’s 
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Prospective investors should carefully 
review the entire Base Prospectus and should form their own views before making an investment 
decision with respect to the Notes.  
Before making an investment decision with respect to any Notes, prospective investors should consult 
their own lawyer, accountant or other financial, legal and tax advisers and carefully review the risks 
entailed by an investment in the Notes and consider such an investment decision in the light of the 
prospective investor's personal circumstances.  
o 
RISKS SPECIFIC TO THE UNDERLYING LOANS 
1. 
The Borrowers may not make payments according to the agreed schedule or may default 
on their obligations altogether 
The Notes are linked to the pool of underlying Loan Receivables, which means that if any of 
the Borrowers do not make a payment on time, then the Noteholder will also not receive a 
payment on time. For example, if a Borrower makes a repayment a week later than the agreed 
schedule, the Noteholder will also receive the repayment a week later. Furthermore, if a 
Borrower makes no repayment at all and the Lending Company is not able to recover anything 
from the Borrower, the Noteholder will also not receive any further repayments unless, if 
applicable, the Loan is sold with the Buyback Obligation. 
The Lending Company may decide to offer additional compensation to the Noteholder in the 
form of interest income on delayed payments or penalty income. A Loan Agreement with the 
Borrower may contain a grace period, which is a period immediately after a scheduled payment 
date during which a late fee is waived provided that the obligation is satisfied during the grace 
period. Interest income on delayed payments and penalty income would not be paid to the 
Noteholder for the grace period.

--- Page 11 ---
10 
 
 
The Lending Company offers the Loan Receivable with the feature of Buyback Obligation which 
means that the Lending Company is obligated to repurchase the Loan Receivables if the 
Borrower has failed to pay more than 60 days after the scheduled repayment date. While this 
feature could reduce the potential loss for the Noteholder due to the Borrower failing to make 
repayments, the Buyback Obligation is only as strong as the company providing this obligation. 
If the Lending Company fails to honour its obligation, the Noteholder is still exposed to the risk 
of the underlying Borrower not making repayments. 
While the probability of any Borrower missing repayments or defaulting depends on many 
factors, such as payment amount, the income of the Borrower, and repayment term, it is 
important to point out that these probabilities are never zero. Due to this, the Notes are only 
suitable investments for Investors who have the appropriate knowledge and experience and 
are in a financial situation that allows them to lose part or even all of the money invested in 
Notes. 
Overall, a Borrower not making repayments in full or defaulting could be caused by a variety of 
factors, including, but not limited to: 
● 
The Borrower overestimates its ability to repay - each Borrower should evaluate its 
current and future financial position itself and assess its ability to repay. For various 
reasons, the Borrower could overestimate its future cash flows and borrow more than 
it will be able to repay. 
● 
Limitations of initial risk scoring - the Lending Company has developed its own 
method for scoring customer credit risk that relies on various information, which can be 
collected also from other parties than the Lending Company (e.g., credit rating 
agencies). There is a risk that the information could be wrong or outdated, or that the 
scoring method is not sufficient. 
● 
Unexpected events - reasons why the Borrower could miss a repayment, include loss 
of employment, a delay in receiving expected income, unexpected costs, or even 
disability or death. 
● 
Macroeconomic factors - the credit risk scoring of the Lending Company makes 
assumptions about the client’s ability to repay during normal economic conditions. A 
sudden change in macroeconomic factors could significantly impact the Borrower's 
ability to make repayments. 
● 
Other liabilities - the underlying Loans that are linked to the Note usually do not restrict 
the Borrower from incurring additional unsecured or secured debt. Additional debt may 
adversely affect the Borrower’s creditworthiness and could result in financial distress, 
insolvency or bankruptcy of the Borrower. 
● 
Loan issued in a different currency than the Borrower's income - in some cases, 
the Loan that has been issued to the Borrower is in a different currency than the 
currency in which the Borrower earns income. Significant changes in the exchange 
rates or a local currency devaluation could impact the Borrower's ability to make 
repayments. 
2. 
It may not be possible to recover the full principal and interest owed by the Borrowers, 
thus the Noteholder may not receive back its invested amount 
While any recoveries from a Borrower are limited to the value of Borrower’s assets (if any),

--- Page 12 ---
11 
 
 
some jurisdictions may, set a lower limit that creditors may claim from the Borrower or define a 
list of the estate which is not allowed to be alienated for recovery purposes, thus reducing the 
maximum amount that could be covered from the Borrower. 
The underlying Loans that are linked to the Note do not restrict the Borrowers from incurring 
additional unsecured or secured debt. This means that if the Loan is not secured by an asset 
and any funds from the Borrower are available for recovery, these funds could be allocated to 
various creditors, i.e., not only the Lending Company, but also other persons that the Borrower 
owns money to, such as local tax agency, state authorities, other lending companies and utility 
companies. 
If the Loan is secured by an asset, the proceeds from the sale of the asset would be allocated 
proportionally to the Noteholders of the same Series and all other creditors whose receivables 
are secured by that asset (unless another allocation order applies under applicable law). In 
addition, the pledged asset (e.g., car, property) might lose its value and could be sold for an 
amount that is less than the amount due to the Noteholder, or the asset could be stolen, hidden, 
alienated, missing or damaged. There is also a risk that any pledge securing the Borrower's 
obligations under the Loan Agreement may become invalid or unenforceable due to a number 
of reasons, including, but not limited to, cases when legal relations arising from the loan 
documents are recategorised by the court of law, mistakes and omissions are made and/or due 
procedures are not followed when the pledge is formed. In that case, the obligations of the 
Borrower would become unsecured and the credit risk significantly increases.  
There could also be the case, especially where the amount of the Loan is low, that the expected 
collection and recovery costs might be higher than the debt itself, which means the collection 
and recovery is not economically reasonable, thus it would not be pursued. 
In addition, the Loan Agreement may, for a variety of reasons, be challenged and thus the 
ability of the Lending Company to exercise its rights under the Loan Agreement may be delayed 
or otherwise hindered for an undefined term. The reasons for challenging the Loan Agreement 
could include errors in agreements, electronic form of agreement (while the legal form 
requirement might be met in principle by such electronic signature, its value as evidence in 
court proceedings in some jurisdictions could be less compared to an actual signature made 
by hand on a physical document), compliance with regulations, such as consumer protection 
laws, as well as borrower identify fraud cases. 
Due to the reasons described above the Noteholder may experience delayed repayments or 
partial or full loss of the amount invested in Notes. 
3. 
The Borrower may repay the Loan early  
A Borrower may repay all or a portion of the remaining principal amount at any time without 
penalty. This may happen, for example, in cases where the Borrower can acquire lower cost 
financing from other sources and wishes to refinance the Loan. The Loan Agreement might be 
also terminated or cancelled in advance by the Lending Company, triggering the early 
repayment of the amounts due by the Borrower without penalty. While the Noteholder may 
invest the repaid money elsewhere, the return on the investments could be lower than the 
initially planned return. 
4. 
The Borrower may face difficulties to repay the Loan in advance 
A Borrower may breach the Loan Agreement, for example, the Borrower takes out additional 
loans without permission from the Lending Company or alienates the collateral, and the Lending

--- Page 13 ---
12 
 
 
Company can therefore require early Loan repayment in full. A Borrower may lack necessary 
financial resources to make such advance payment, so this could lead to Borrower's debt 
restructuring or debt collection and result in the Noteholder experiencing delayed repayments 
or partial or full loss of invested amount under Notes. 
o 
RISKS SPECIFIC TO LOAN SERVICING 
1. 
The Lending Company is not able to continue Loan servicing 
Various factors can negatively impact the Lending Company's ability to provide Loan servicing, 
which in turn could lead to delayed repayments to the Noteholder or even partial or full loss of 
the invested amount. Some of the factors are: 
● 
Loss-making operations - The Lending Company may experience losses due to 
various business events and factors, such as intense competition, higher than expected 
cost of client acquisition, high recovery costs, unexpected costs, reduction in the 
portfolio sizes, changes in local regulation with regards to new Loans and management 
errors. 
● 
Macro-environmental factors - Various macro-environmental factors, such as 
recession, military conflict, natural disasters or pandemic, could significantly increase 
the non-performing Loans ratio. 
● 
Loss of the Lending Company’s licence/ authorization, if such is required by the 
local regulation - Provision of lending services require a company to receive special 
approval/ authorization. Licence/ authorization may be revoked or otherwise lost for a 
number of reasons. Loss of a licence/ authorization may negatively affect the Lending 
Company’s ability to continue its operations and service the existing Loans. 
● 
Freezing, seizing or closing of the Lending Company’s operational bank account 
- The account that the Lending Company uses for operations might be seized, blocked, 
or closed for a number of reasons, including anti-money laundering and know your 
client breaches, sanctions violations, state authorities' arbitrary actions, or insolvency 
of a bank or payments services provider. Inability to use the bank account could restrict 
the Lending Company’s ability to collect Borrowers’ repayments and transfer funds to 
the Issuer for an indefinite time, or even lead to insolvency or bankruptcy of the Lending 
Company. 
● 
Currency control restrictions or lack of corresponding banks chain - The local 
government could introduce certain currency control restrictions, leading to a situation 
where the Lending Company is not able to make payments in foreign currency and/or 
to the beneficiary that is a foreign entity and/or to an account in a foreign financial 
institution. Alternatively, corresponding bank relations of a bank or payments services 
provider which maintains the Lending Company’s operational accounts could be 
dramatically amended or terminated, eliminating the Lending Company’s ability to 
make payments towards the Issuer. This may negatively affect payments to the Issuer 
and thus further distributions to the Noteholder. 
● 
Changes in local regulation with regards to Loans already issued - A legislative 
body of the country where the Lending Company operates could introduce a Borrowers’ 
moratorium (a legally authorised period of delay in the performance of a legal obligation 
or the repayment of a debt) or even full or partial debt (including interest and penalties) 
release.

--- Page 14 ---
13 
 
 
● 
Foreign exchange positions mismatch - Quite often Loans are issued and are being 
repaid in one currency, but Notes promise repayments to Noteholders in another 
currency, for example, a Loan has been issued to a Borrower in Bulgarian lev, but the 
Investor invests in a Note denominated in euros. If such Loans make up a large amount 
of the total portfolio, and local currency devalues and the Lending Company has not 
properly hedged this risk, the Lending Company is subject to foreign exchange 
positions mismatch risk, leading to significant losses for the Lending Company and its 
inability to pay amounts due to the Issuer. 
● 
Other or sole funding sources - Besides Mintos, the Lending Company may use 
other sources of funding, such as a bank credit line, corporate bonds issues, private 
equity or public shares offerings. In some situations, such as an economic downturn, it 
could be difficult for the Lending Company to attract funding from other sources to 
refinance the existing liabilities, thus leading to a liquidity crisis that could lead to the 
Lending Company having difficulties continuing operations. Furthermore, if the Lending 
Company uses the Platform as a major funding source and a significant number of 
investors decide to suddenly avoid investing in Notes corresponding to the Loans, the 
consequences can be the same.  
2. 
No Backup Servicer may be available for servicing the underlying Loans if the Lending 
Company is not able to continue Loan servicing 
One of the key roles of the Lending Company with respect to the Notes is to provide Loan 
servicing. There might be no backup servicer that could be appointed to take over the servicing 
from the Lending Company if needed. If there is an event of default or other circumstance that 
disrupts the due servicing of the Loans and administration of the Borrowers’ debts by the 
Lending Company and if at the time no backup solution for Loan servicing exists, the timeline 
and volumes of repayments could be significantly impacted, leading to a partial or full loss of 
amounts invested in Notes. 
3. 
The Lending Company may intentionally or unintentionally breach its contractual 
obligations 
There is a risk that the Lending Company performs actions that are in violation of the 
Transaction Documents, including the risk of fraud against the Issuer and Mintos, resulting in 
the partial or full loss of amounts invested in Notes. Contractual breaches that may happen 
include, but are not limited to: 
● 
Loan Receivables sold to the Issuer are or will be pledged to other creditors - 
According to the Transaction Documents, to which the Lending Company is a party, 
the Loan Receivables underlying Notes must not be pledged to any creditors. If the 
Lending Company intentionally or unintentionally pledges the specific Loan 
Receivables sold to the Issuer to other creditors, the Noteholder could lose some or all 
the invested funds if the Lending Company defaults or becomes insolvent. 
● 
False or incomplete information about the Lending Company - All information in 
this Base Prospectus about and/or related to the Lending Company has been provided 
and certified by the Lending Company as actual, true, and complete. Material errors or 
omission of such information could initially affect the decision of the Noteholder to 
invest in a particular Note and eventually result in a negative outcome of the 
investment. 
● 
False Borrower data - The Lending Company provides Mintos with information about

--- Page 15 ---
14 
 
 
the Loan status, the Borrowers, repayment schedules, repayments, extensions of the 
underlying Loans or changes to the Loan Agreements. While Mintos regularly asks the 
Lending Company to provide scanned copies of the documents as evidence for 
randomly selected Loans, Mintos does not check and verify all Loans backing the 
Notes. There is a risk that the Lending Company intentionally or unintentionally has 
provided wrong information to Mintos or fails to provide information to Mintos at all, and 
as a result, the payments under the Notes could be impacted. 
● 
The Lending Company stops cooperation with Mintos - The Lending Company 
could for some reason suddenly stop cooperating with Mintos. This could mean not 
honouring its obligations under the existing agreements, including the Transaction 
Documents and breach of their provisions. The Lending Company could stop making 
payments to the Issuer, which means the Issuer would not be able to make payments 
to the Noteholder. The Lending Company might also stop providing Mintos with the 
necessary information or providing the information with significant delays.  
4. 
Insolvency of the Lending Company 
Insolvency, bankruptcy or other similar adverse events may significantly influence or even 
dismiss the ability of the Lending Company to service issued Loans and to execute the 
undertaken Buyback Obligation and Repurchase towards the Issuer. This means that if the 
Lending Company experiences significant problems, the Lending Company may not be able to 
transfer the underlying Loan repayments from the Borrower or make payments of buyback price 
or repurchase price to the Issuer which would mean that the Issuer would not be able to make 
payments to the Noteholder. 
The Lending Company may be required to continue to treat the Loan Receivables as assets of 
the Lending Company from an accounting perspective. Reflection or recognition of the Loan 
Receivables sold to the Issuer as the Lending Company's balance sheet assets if insolvency 
proceeding is initiated, may lead to the receiver or the administrator not recognising the Issuer's 
title over the Loan Receivable sold to it. In this case, the Issuer would need to take legal actions 
to protect its interests in the Loan Receivables. The Issuer may have to prove to the 
administrator, receiver and/or other parties that the Loan Receivables and the Borrower 
payments towards them are not to be included in the assets of the Lending Company that are 
available for the general pool of creditors. Should the Loan Receivables be treated as assets 
of the Lending Company that are available for the general pool of creditors and not of the Issuer, 
the Issuer might be treated as an unsecured creditor of the Lending Company and it may then 
be entitled to receive only a portion of all distributions available to the unsecured creditors of 
the same class, and this portion of distributions may be not enough to cover the indebtedness 
towards the Issuer partially or in full.  
In case of insolvency, an administrator usually is bound to consider which past transactions of 
the insolvent company have to be contested and which sold assets or transferred funds have 
to be clawed back. There is a risk that the administrator of the Lending Company takes action 
to claw back to the Lending Company estate, the Loan Receivables sold to the Issuer or 
amounts paid to the Issuer. The Issuer would then have to take legal actions to protect its 
interests in the Loan Receivables and the Borrower payments and argue against the position 
of the administrator in judicial proceedings, which could be long and costly, and no assurance 
could be made of its successful outcome. 
The Transaction Documents allow Mintos to appoint a backup servicer, who would take over 
the servicing of the Loan Receivables in case of insolvency or bankruptcy of the Lending

--- Page 16 ---
15 
 
 
Company. The enforcement of rights under contracts might not result in recoveries for the 
Noteholder in a swift manner, and the recovery might be affected by lengthy and costly legal 
proceedings. 
Eventually, the Noteholder may experience delayed repayments or partial or full loss of invested 
amount under Notes. 
5. 
The Lending Company’s IT systems may fail or may be breached 
IT systems are a crucial part of all financial services companies and if they are impacted, that 
could affect the Lending Company’s ability to provide financial services to its customers and 
exchange information with Mintos. This could also result in loss or distortion of significant 
information and databases that are crucial for sound cooperation between the Lending 
Company, the Issuer and Mintos, including for Notes issue servicing and administration. 
Since IT systems play such a crucial role in the Lending Company’s operation, the Lending 
Company typically devotes a substantial amount of resources to ensure stable and 
uninterrupted performance of the IT systems. Neither the Issuer nor Mintos audits the Lending 
Company’s IT systems thus cannot ensure their soundness. 
o 
RISKS SPECIFIC TO GUARANTEES AND PLEDGES WHEN THOSE ARE 
PROVIDED TO THE ISSUER 
1. 
The Guarantor or pledgor may not honour its obligations 
There might be a Guarantee Agreement, or a pledge provided to secure the obligations of the 
Lending Company towards the Issuer.  
If there is a Guarantee Agreement the Guarantor would be expected to pay the due amount if 
the Lending Company fails to pay when due. As there is a risk of any party not honouring its 
obligations under a contract, there is a risk that the Guarantor does not honour its obligations 
under the Guarantee Agreement. If this happens, the Issuer may take legal action against the 
Guarantor. There is a risk that the enforcement of rights under the Guarantee Agreement does 
not result in recoveries for the Issuer, and by extension for the Noteholder, in the anticipated 
amount, or that the recovery might be affected by lengthy and costly legal proceedings. 
If there is a pledge, the pledgor would be expected to allow the Issuer to enforce its pledge by 
taking over the object of the pledge or putting it up for sale. The procedure for enforcing the 
rights of the pledge are defined by law in the country of the pledge. There is a risk that the 
pledged assets might lose their value and could be sold for an amount that is less than the 
amount due to the Issuer or the asset could be stolen, hidden, alienated, missing or damaged. 
There is a risk, as with any pledge/security, that it is or becomes unenforceable or invalid (see 
‘The guarantee or pledge may become invalid or unenforceable’ below). 
2. 
The Guarantor or pledgor may default 
The risk of default, for example, insolvency, is a risk that is present for any counterparty, the 
Guarantor or the pledgor included.  
If the Guarantor defaults, the Issuer cannot rely on receiving funds from the Guarantor even if 
the Issuer decides to take legal action to recover due amounts from the Guarantor in or outside 
of the insolvency or bankruptcy proceedings. If the Guarantor defaults, the Issuer might 
terminate cooperation with the Lending Company and request that the Lending Company

--- Page 17 ---
16 
 
 
repurchase all the Loan Receivables before the term.  
If the pledgor defaults, as a general rule the pledge should not be affected and the pledgee 
should be able to exercise its rights of pledge (to take over the pledge or to put it up for sale 
and receive all proceeds from the sale to cover the payments due from the Lending Company). 
However, the Issuer may decide to terminate cooperation with the Lending Company and 
request that the Lending Company repurchase all Loan Receivables before their term.  
3. 
The guarantee or pledge may become invalid or unenforceable 
There is a risk that guarantees or pledges securing the Lending Company obligations towards 
the Issuer may become invalid or unenforceable for several reasons, including, but not limited 
to cases when legal relations arising from the Transaction Documents are recategorised by the 
court of law, mistakes and omissions are made and/or due procedures not being followed when 
guarantees or pledges are formed. In that case, the obligations of the Lending Company 
towards the Issuer defined by the Transaction Documents become unsecured and the credit 
risk significantly increases, and that may trigger the Issuer terminating cooperation with the 
Lending Company and requesting repurchase by the Lending Company of all the Loan 
Receivables before their term. If there is no guarantee to enforce and no pledge to enforce 
against then the Issuer is left with the Lending Company as the only debtor party from which to 
expect the payment of monies due from the Lending Company.  
o 
RISKS SPECIFIC TO MINTOS 
1. 
Various events and failures could cause situations where Mintos is not able to continue 
operations 
As a relatively new service, Mintos operates in a complex and dynamic regulatory and 
competitive environment and various events and failures could lead to Mintos terminating the 
provisioning of services, including the operations of the Platform. These events include but are 
not limited to revocation of licence, weak financial performance, negative reputation, non-
compliance events, dramatic changes in the applicable regulations impacting Mintos operating 
model or an economic downturn. If Mintos ceases operations, this could significantly impact the 
Noteholder’s ability to receive repayment on time. 
Should Mintos enter liquidation or insolvency, as a regulated and supervised entity, the process 
will be supervised by the NCA. The appointed liquidator or administrator will take over the 
functions of the management board. Mintos will continue servicing its clients and the Investment 
Accounts, and relevant financial instruments portfolios in line with what Mintos is permitted to 
do according to the applicable insolvency and liquidation rules. The process from the moment 
of the appointment would be led by the appointed administrator or liquidator. In some cases, 
the Investors’ Protection Law may apply. Such processes may significantly influence the 
investment's return times and make the return more complex to the Noteholder. 
Furthermore, Mintos could for some reason suddenly stop honouring its obligations under the 
existing agreements, leading to delayed payments or partial or full loss of the amount invested 
in the Notes. 
2. 
Non-compliance with regulations could lead to revocation of Mintos’ licence 
To provide services to clients, Mintos, as the operator of the Platform, has received an 
investment firm licence from the NCA. The licence could be suspended or revoked due to non-
compliance with regulations by Mintos. Loss of licence by Mintos could lead to delayed

--- Page 18 ---
17 
 
 
payments or partial or full loss of invested amount under the Notes. 
3. 
Failure of IT systems or a security breach could lead to significant liabilities and harm 
relationships with customers 
The technology that Mintos has developed over the years is a cornerstone of Mintos’ future 
success. The satisfactory performance, reliability and availability of the Platform is critical to its 
operations, customer service and reputation. 
While Mintos has taken steps to protect confidential information, the techniques used to obtain 
unauthorised, improper or illegal access to systems, data, or customer data, or to disable or 
degrade services are constantly evolving and may not be detected quickly. 
As a result, Mintos’ and Mintos’ third-party vendor security measures might be breached, and 
these security breaches could result in confidential client information being stolen. Breaches of 
security measures because of third-party action, employee error, third-party vendor error, 
design flaws in the software, or interruptions in Mintos’ systems and services could adversely 
impact our relationships with Mintos’ clients, harm Mintos’ reputation and expose Mintos to 
significant liability. 
Furthermore, in the event of damage or interruption, existing insurance policies may not 
adequately compensate Mintos and Mintos’ clients for any losses that may have been incurred. 
Nevertheless, as IT systems are crucial to Mintos’ operations, a substantial amount of 
resources are devoted to ensuring the stable and uninterrupted performance of the IT systems. 
4. 
Mintos’ bank accounts could be frozen or closed and banks, where the Noteholder funds 
are held, can become insolvent 
Mintos clients' funds, including the fund being deposited in the Issuer’s Account for settlement 
under the Notes, are kept segregated from Mintos’ own funds in several bank accounts marked 
as client funds accounts.  
One or several of those bank accounts that Mintos uses might be blocked, seized or closed for 
a number of reasons, including insolvency of the banks, resulting in interruptions of fund 
transfers to the Lending Company and the Noteholder.  
5. 
Significant problem or termination of the agreement with a Mintos partner may affect the 
provision of services to the clients 
While providing its services, Mintos relies on several carefully selected partners (e.g., cloud 
computing providers), and any problems with the service providers could impact Mintos’ ability 
to provide services to the Noteholder. Mintos has taken several steps to reduce the likelihood 
and impact of such occurrences, such as having backup service providers where feasible, there 
is still a risk that the Noteholder may not be able to access the Platform or receive services. 
6. 
Certain situations or actions may raise conflicts of interests 
While the rights and the responsibilities of Mintos, the Issuer, the Lending Company are detailed 
in the Transaction Documents and this Base Prospectus, and Mintos has established policies 
and procedures to mitigate the risk, it is not possible to fully avoid the possibility of a conflict of 
interests between the parties that could impact the interests of the Noteholder. 
While Mintos provides placement services to the Issuer with respect to the Notes, Mintos also

--- Page 19 ---
18 
 
 
provides the infrastructure services for the Lending Company and the Issuer to perform sales 
of the Loan Receivables to the Issuer, as well as to exercise the Buyback Obligations and 
Repurchases. Mintos receives fees from the Lending Company for placement services. Mintos 
has carefully set up the fees in a compliant manner and so that it would not violate the conflict 
of interest management rules. Such placement fees might qualify as inducements and Mintos 
would disclose information on these inducements to the Noteholder. In addition to inducement 
disclosures, Mintos has set up internal procedures to identify and manage conflicts of interest. 
Some conflicts of interest require disclosure and those are disclosed. 
o 
RISKS SPECIFIC TO THE ISSUER 
1. 
The Issuer could default on its obligations or become insolvent 
The Issuer is a wholly-owned Mintos Group company, and not engaged in any business 
activities other than those provided in this Base Prospectus. There is a risk that the Issuer could 
suddenly stop effectively honouring its obligations under the existing agreements and 
breaching its provisions, resulting in missing repayments to the Noteholder. This could lead to 
delays in repayments and partial or full loss of invested amounts. 
While the Issuer is created, established and performs its operations as a special purpose 
undertaking, due to possible legal shortcomings of the applicable law and/or judicial practice, 
the Issuer might be found insolvent due to the following reasons, including, but not limited to, a 
Noteholder or other creditor initiating the insolvency procedure against the Issuer in bad faith 
and the court not finding limited recourse and non-petition provisions defined by this Base 
Prospectus as a sufficient ground to reject such proceeding. In such situations, the Noteholder 
could experience delays in receiving its invested funds and its priority as a creditor of the Issuer 
might be changed by the rule of law, leading to receiving fewer amounts than due under the 
Notes. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes (in section 10 of this Base Prospectus) are set up and 
drafted as having legal force and addressing concerns as legally binding contractual 
obligations. There can be external circumstances that might influence such legal construction, 
including, but not limited to court ruling, and/or new or modified legal enactments. 
2. 
Mintos may not be able to cover the maintenance and administrative costs of the Issuer 
Considering the pass-through nature of the Issuer, the maintenance costs and administrative 
expenses of the Issuer are, in essence, covered by the Lending Company, either via direct 
compensation mechanism or indirectly via Mintos. If for any reason mentioned above in ‘RISKS 
SPECIFIC TO MINTOS’, Mintos is not able to cover such costs, it could significantly influence 
the operations of the Issuer and its ability to service Notes and make payments to the 
Noteholder. 
3. 
Information asymmetry  
With a reference to risks described above in ‘The Lending Company may intentionally or 
unintentionally breach its contractual obligations - False or incomplete information about the 
Lending Company’ and ‘-False Borrower data’, part of the information in this Base Prospectus 
as well as significant information being received during the term of the Notes is being sourced 
and received from the Lending Company. There is a risk that the Lending company can provide 
material information with delay or fails to provide information to the Issuer at all. As a 
consequence:

--- Page 20 ---
19 
 
 
● 
the Issuer through Mintos acting as its authorised representative will not be able to 
timely enforce its rights provided in the Transaction Documents and to act in the 
interests of Noteholders; and 
● 
the Issuer will not be able to prepare and publish supplements to this Base Prospectus 
in a timely manner, which could impact the Noteholders’ judgement on purchasing the 
Notes being unaware of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy 
related to the information being sourced from the Lending Company. 
4. 
Cross-risks applicable to the Issuer 
Considering the pass-through nature of the Issuer, the Issuer and its abilities to pay amounts 
due to the Noteholders under the Note are exposed to all the risks listed above in ‘RISKS 
SPECIFIC TO THE UNDERLYING LOAN’, ‘RISKS SPECIFIC TO LOAN SERVICING’, ‘RISKS 
SPECIFIC TO GUARANTEES AND PLEDGES WHEN THOSE ARE PROVIDED TO THE 
ISSUER’ and ‘RISKS SPECIFIC TO MINTOS’. 
o 
RISKS SPECIFIC TO NOTES 
1. 
The Noteholder has no rights of recourse against the Borrowers, the Lending Company, 
the Guarantor or the pledgor  
The Noteholder has no direct right to the Loan Receivables. Instead, the Noteholder is acquiring 
Notes, which are backed by the corresponding Loan Receivables. The legal title in the Loan 
Receivables and relevant rights arising from them are vested in the Issuer. This means that the 
Noteholder will have no direct recourse against the Borrowers and no ability to independently 
and in its discretion to pursue any Borrower to collect payments under the relevant Loan. For 
the same reason the Noteholder will have no direct recourse against the Lending Company, 
the Guarantor and/or the pledgor, and no ability to pursue the Lending Company, the Guarantor 
and/or the pledgor to enforce them to duly perform their duties and obligations due. All such 
actions are carried out by the Issuer as the legal owner of the Loan Receivables according to 
the provisions of this Base Prospectus and the Transaction Documents. 
2. 
Change of creditors priority  
The outcome of judicial or insolvency procedure could overrule the creditors’ priority in this 
Base Prospectus due to requirements of the law, meaning that the Noteholders of one Series 
of Notes could become equal creditors to Noteholders of other Series of Notes, thus all the 
proceeds the Issuer receives from all the Loan Receivables is distributed on pro rata basis or 
otherwise. 
3. 
Certain costs may rank higher than payments to the Noteholder 
While it is the Issuer's responsibility to transfer to the Noteholder all payments that have been 
received from the Lending Company, including the payments from the Borrowers received by 
the Lending Company, there are certain costs, such as taxes, Mintos’ fees and recovery costs 
that rank higher than payments to the Noteholder. This means that the Noteholder would only 
receive payment after the payment obligations of a higher priority have been settled.  
Also, there is a risk that the outcome of judicial or insolvency procedure could define other 
priority of payments, which differs from the priority in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 21 ---
20 
 
 
4. 
Liabilities that are not Series specific will be allocated to all Series of Notes 
proportionally 
If there are higher priority costs, i.e., taxes, fees and recovery costs, related to the specific Note, 
then these will be covered from the payments due to the Noteholders according to the Priority 
of Payments defined in this Base Prospectus. Where the liability is not Series-specific, for 
example, legal costs, the liability will be allocated to all Series of Notes proportionally unless 
otherwise defined by the Priority of Payments. 
5. 
Due diligence and monitoring performed by Mintos and Mintos risk score allocated are 
limited in scope, do not address all material risks, and do not provide any assurance or 
indemnification 
Before the Lending Company joins Mintos and during the cooperation, Mintos carries out due 
diligence and assigns a Mintos risk score. It is important to point out that these processes are 
limited in scope and do not address all material risks relating to an investment in the Notes, but 
rather reflect the view of Mintos at the time the due diligence and monitoring are performed.  
Even if Mintos continuously measures the accuracy of Mintos risk score and evaluates the need 
to adjust the methodology when new data is obtained, these processes might not guarantee 
any further performance of the investment.  
Mintos neither provides any assurance or guarantee for the Noteholder nor indemnifies or holds 
Noteholder harmless for any loss or adverse consequence directly or indirectly arising from the 
Noteholder relying upon Mintos risk score or due diligence and monitoring performed.  
Basing investment decisions solely on Mintos risk score could lead to a partial or full loss of 
invested amounts. 
6. 
No specific securitisation laws in Latvia 
There are no dedicated laws and regime in Latvia addressing specific special purpose vehicle 
issuer insolvency or limited recourse concepts at the date of this Base Prospectus. Mintos 
believes the Terms and Conditions of the Notes are set up and drafted as having legal force 
and addressing such concerns as legally binding contractual obligations. There might be 
circumstances that influence such legal construction, including, but not limited to the court 
ruling, or new or modified legal enactments. Eventually, this could lead to delayed payments or 
partial or full loss of the amount invested in the Notes. 
7. 
Repurchase could impact planned return 
The Lending Company may repurchase the Loan Receivables from the Issuer at any time at 
their then outstanding principal value without any penalty or other compensation. This may 
happen, for example, in cases where the Lending Company can acquire lower cost financing 
from other sources and wishes to refinance the Loan.  
The Lending Company not only has a right to repurchase, but also has an obligation to 
repurchase the Loan Receivables from the Issuer upon the occurrence of certain events 
specified in the Cooperation Agreement. The Lending Company may become obliged to 
repurchase one or several affected Loan Receivables, as well as there are certain events that 
may trigger the obligation to repurchase all the Loan Receivables. Occurrence of a Material 
Event of Default under the Cooperation Agreement triggers the obligation to repurchase all the 
Loan Receivables.

--- Page 22 ---
21 
 
 
If the repurchase right is exercised by the Lending Company or if the repurchase obligation 
arises, the relevant Series of Notes will be redeemed early in full or in part once the Issuer has 
received the repurchase price from the Lending Company. The Noteholders' return on the 
investments in the Notes which are redeemed due to the repurchase will be lower than the 
initially planned return. 
8. 
New regulations introduced in the future could impact the Noteholder and Mintos 
Due to several reasons, such as improvements in computer technology, the financial crisis of 
the past decade and a greater focus on preventing the legalisation of illegally gained proceeds, 
the financial industry over the last years has experienced the introduction of several new 
regulations. With further developments and adoption of technologies, jurisdictions, either where 
Noteholders or Mintos Group are domiciled are likely to introduce new regulations or 
administrative interventions that could relate to Notes or online marketplaces such as the 
Platform. Such regulation in the future, for example, could enhance investors’ protection 
measures, limit access to Notes to only qualified or sophisticated Noteholders, limit the 
proportion of the portfolio that can be invested through Notes or introduce any other restricting 
measures. 
Furthermore, the introduction of new regulations or significant changes to the existing 
regulations could impact the profitability, cost base and future operations of Mintos. Failure to 
comply with regulation could lead to, among other things, lawsuits, administrative enforcement 
actions, penalties, and revocation of licences and authorisations. Eventually, this could lead to 
delayed payments or partial or full loss of invested amounts under Notes. 
9. 
New regulation in relation to taxes could impact the expected return for the Noteholder 
In the event that new regulation is introduced, or existing regulation or its interpretation changes 
so that the Issuer and/or Mintos needs to withhold additional taxes before making payments to 
the Noteholder, and the Issuer and/or Mintos is required to withhold any transfer tax, stamp 
duty and/or financial transactions tax, this could impact the expected return on investment for 
the Noteholder. Similar developments in the Noteholders’ tax residence country can lead to the 
same consequences. 
10. 
Notes have limited liquidity and transferability 
The Notes are illiquid securities and there is no active market for them, and the Notes are not 
admitted to any trading venue. The potential buyers and transferees are limited only to other 
Mintos’ clients who are registered on the Platform. Which all means that the Noteholder might 
need to offer the Notes with a significant discount and hence would not meet the expected 
return on the investment, or might even be unable to sell them at all during a shorter or longer 
period of time. Furthermore, to protect Noteholders that use automatic investment solutions 
from making investment decisions, Mintos may restrict the execution of orders to sell the Notes 
according to the terms and conditions of the agreements between the Investors and Mintos. 
The Noteholder should therefore only invest in Notes that the Noteholder is comfortable with 
holding to maturity. 
11. 
An undiversified investment portfolio may lead to greater exposure to the Lending 
Company and country-specific risks than a well-diversified portfolio 
Investment in a single Note, Notes issued in relation to the Lending Company or Notes with 
underlying Loans related to one country means that the performance of the portfolio and risk

--- Page 23 ---
22 
 
 
exposure depends on that Note, the Lending Company, country and currency risk.  
Mintos encourages its customers to build a well-diversified portfolio and provides several tools 
to automate investing in Notes, making this easier. 
12. 
Investing in Notes issued in other currencies increase the Noteholder’s exposure to 
currency risk 
If a Noteholder invests in Notes denominated in a currency that is different from the currency 
that the Noteholder earns and/or spends, the return on the investment could be significantly 
impacted by the fluctuations in the exchange rate between those currencies. This means that 
if the underlying currency depreciates significantly, the Noteholder could lose part of the 
investment, and if the currency appreciates significantly, the Noteholder could earn a higher 
return on investment. 
13. 
Notes are not bank deposits 
Investment in Notes does not have the status of a bank deposit in Latvia or elsewhere and is 
not within the scope of the deposit protection or guarantee scheme operated by the Republic 
of Latvia or any other jurisdiction.

--- Page 24 ---
23 
 
 
3. 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Important notices 
THIS BASE PROSPECTUS MAY NOT BE FORWARDED OR DISTRIBUTED OTHER THAN AS 
PROVIDED BELOW AND MAY NOT BE REPRODUCED IN ANY MANNER WHATSOEVER. THIS 
BASE PROSPECTUS MAY ONLY BE DISTRIBUTED OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES TO PERSONS 
THAT ARE NOT U.S. PERSONS AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. 
ANY FORWARDING, DISTRIBUTION OR REPRODUCTION OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS IN 
WHOLE OR IN PART IS UNAUTHORISED. FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH THIS DIRECTIVE MAY 
RESULT IN A VIOLATION OF THE SECURITIES ACT OR THE APPLICABLE LAWS OF OTHER 
JURISDICTIONS.  
NOTHING IN THIS BASE PROSPECTUS CONSTITUTES AN OFFER TO SELL OR THE 
SOLICITATION OF AN OFFER TO BUY ANY SECURITIES IN ANY JURISDICTION. THE 
SECURITIES DESCRIBED IN THIS BASE PROSPECTUS HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE 
REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR WITH ANY SECURITIES REGULATORY 
AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES AND MAY NOT 
BE OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR 
BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS.  
Any materials relating to any potential offering do not constitute, and may not be used in connection 
with, an offer or solicitation in any place where offers or solicitations are not permitted by law.  
Under no circumstances will this Base Prospectus constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer 
to buy any securities in any jurisdiction other than provided on page 1 of this Base Prospectus.  
Responsibility for this Base Prospectus  
The Management Board of the Issuer: 
Title 
Name 
Chairman of the Management Board 
Martins Sulte 
Member of the Management Board 
Martins Valters 
 
accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus (other than the information 
in the sections entitled ‘7. THE LENDING COMPANY’, ‘8. THE LOANS’ and ‘9. THE GUARANTOR’). 
To the best of its knowledge, the information (other than the information in the sections entitled ‘7. THE 
LENDING COMPANY’, ‘8. THE LOANS’ and ‘9. THE GUARANTOR’) contained in this Base Prospectus 
is in accordance with the facts and makes no omission likely to affect its import. Any information from 
third parties identified in this Base Prospectus as such has been accurately reproduced and that as far 
as the Issuer is aware and are able to ascertain from the information provided by a third party, no facts 
have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.  
The Lending Company accepts responsibility for the information contained in the sections entitled ‘7. 
THE LENDING COMPANY’, ‘8. THE LOANS’ AND ‘9. THE GUARANTOR’ of this Base Prospectus. To 
the best of its knowledge, the information contained in sections entitled ‘7. THE LENDING COMPANY’, 
‘8. THE LOANS’ and ‘9. THE GUARANTOR’ of this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts 
and makes no omission likely to affect its import.

--- Page 25 ---
24 
 
 
Final Terms  
Each Series of Notes will be issued on the terms and conditions set out under the section entitled ‘10. 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES’ of this Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable 
Final Terms. The Final Terms will be published on the website www.mintos.com. A form of applicable 
Final Terms is set out under the section entitled ‘12. APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS’ of this Base 
Prospectus.  
Other relevant information  
This Base Prospectus must be read and construed together with any supplements to this Base 
Prospectus and with any information incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus and, concerning 
any Series of Notes, must be read and construed together with the relevant applicable Final Terms.  
Unauthorised information  
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in 
or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into concerning the 
Programme, any information supplied by the Issuer, or such other information as is in the public domain 
and, if given or made, such information or representation should not be relied upon as having been 
authorised by the Issuer. 
Mintos has not authorised the whole or any part of this Base Prospectus and does not make any 
representation or warranty, or accept any responsibility as to the accuracy or completeness of the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus or any responsibility for the acts or omissions of the 
Issuer or any other person in connection with the issue and offering of the Notes, nor does Mintos or 
any of its shareholders, directors, affiliates, advisers or agents take any responsibility for the acts or 
omissions of the Issuer or any other person in connection with the issue, offering and sale of the Notes. 
Restrictions on distribution  
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms, and the offer, sale and delivery of the 
Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and Mintos to inform themselves about 
and to observe any such restrictions. In particular, Notes have not been and will not be registered under 
the Securities Act. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or to U.S. persons. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitute an offer 
or an invitation to subscribe for or purchase any Notes and should not be considered as a 
recommendation by the Issuer, Mintos or any of them that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any 
Final Terms should subscribe for or purchase any Notes. Each recipient of this Base Prospectus or any 
Final Terms will be taken to have made its own investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or 
otherwise) of the Issuer. Mintos has not provided any financial or taxation advice in connection with the 
Programme or the Notes. 
Programme limit  
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the 
Programme will not exceed EUR 40 000 000 (forty million euro) (or its equivalent in other currencies). 
Language  
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms 
have been cited in their original language so that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to

--- Page 26 ---
25 
 
 
them under applicable law. 
Ratings  
No Series of Notes issued under the Programme will be rated by any credit rating agency. 
Currencies  
Unless otherwise indicated, the financial information contained in this Base Prospectus has been 
expressed in euro. The Issuer’s functional currency is euro, and the Issuer prepares its financial 
statements in euro.  
Third-party and market share data  
This Base Prospectus contains information regarding business of the Issuer, Mintos, the Lending 
Company and others, and the industry in which they operate and compete. Where third party 
information has been used in this Base Prospectus, the source of such information has been identified. 
Statistical information included in this Base Prospectus has been derived from official public sources, 
including the statistical releases. All such statistical information may differ from that stated in other 
sources for a variety of reasons, including the use of different definitions and cut-off times. This data 
may subsequently be revised as new data becomes available and any such revised data will not be 
circulated by the Issuer to Investors who have purchased the Notes. In some cases, independently 
determined industry data is not available. In these cases, any market share data included in this Base 
Prospectus is referred to as having been estimated. All such estimates have been made by either the 
Issuer or the Lending Company using its information and other publicly available market information. 
Each of the Issuer and the Lending Company believes that these estimates of market share are helpful 
as they give prospective Investors a better understanding of the industry in which the Issuer or the 
Lending Company operates as well as its position within that industry. Although all such estimations 
have been made in good faith based on the information available and the Issuer’s or the Lending 
Company’s knowledge of the market within which it operates, neither the Issuer nor the Lending 
Company can guarantee that a third-party expert using different methods would reach the same 
conclusions. Where information has not been independently sourced, it is the Issuer’s or the Lending 
Company’s own information. 
No incorporation of website information 
The Issuer is affiliated with Mintos and their website is www.mintos.com. Unless specifically 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, information on the website or any other website 
mentioned in this Base Prospectus or any website directly or indirectly linked to these websites has not 
been verified, is not incorporated by reference into, and does not form part of, this Base Prospectus, 
and Investors should not rely on it.

--- Page 27 ---
26 
 
 
4. 
TRANSACTION OVERVIEW 
o 
THE DESCRIPTION OF THE TRANSACTIONS IN RELATION TO THE NOTES 
▪ 
The Issuer, Mintos and the Lending Company 
The Issuer, Mintos and the Lending Company have entered into the Transaction Documents for the 
issue and sale of the Notes as described in this Base Prospectus. 
 
▪ 
Transfer of the Loan Receivables by the Lending Company to the Issuer 
 
The Lending Company makes, from time to time, an irrevocable offer to sell the Loan Receivables by 
using the API connection set up with Mintos.  
The offer for sale of the Loan Receivable is accepted, on behalf of the Issuer, by Mintos generating the 
Transfer Document. Mintos verifies the information provided through the API. The Loan Receivables 
are required to meet certain eligibility criteria to form a ‘pool’ of Loan Receivables to serve as the 
underlying assets for a particular Series of Notes and to satisfy other conditions precedent. 
Payment for the acquired Loan Receivable is subject to placement of the Series of Notes.  
That means the Loan Receivables transferred to the Issuer and backing the Series have characteristics 
that demonstrate capacity to produce funds to service any payments due and payable on the Notes. 
The Lending Company retains in relation to each Loan (a) the ‘skin in the game’ in keeping 10% of the

--- Page 28 ---
27 
 
 
principal amount outstanding and (b) any collateral consisting of pledge rights and title to the relevant 
vehicle, if any. 
The Borrowers are not notified of the transfer of the Loan Receivables. The Lending Company continues 
to service the Loan Receivables.  
▪ 
Issue of Notes 
Once the Issuer has a pool of the Loan Receivables, Mintos publishes the Final Terms for the relevant 
Series of Notes on the Platform on behalf of the Issuer. This process is automated and takes place in 
real-time.  
As of the Issue Date, the Notes are publicly offered by the Issuer through the Platform. Investors can 
purchase Notes from the Issue Date until the Maturity Date of the Notes provided in the Final Terms or  
until the time when the Notes are fully sold to Investors by the Issuer, whichever occurs earlier. 
Information about the offer results of the Notes is published on the website www.mintos.com in real 
time starting from the Issue Date of the Notes. Subscriptions will not be reduced, which means refund 
of amounts paid in excess does not apply. The Issuer does not expect any conditions to which offer of 
the Notes would be subject. 
  
To purchase Notes from the Issuer, the Investor registered on the Platform submits an investment order 
using the “Primary market” section of the Platform, indicating the amount of money that the Investor 
wishes to invest in particular Notes. The Investor can also use automated portfolio management 
services provided by Mintos to purchase the Notes. The process for purchasing Notes is automated 
and takes place in real-time. When the investment order is accepted by the Platform, Mintos debits 
cash funds from the Investor’s cash account with Mintos in exchange for delivery of the Notes to the 
Investor’s financial instruments account with Mintos. Paying for the Notes and delivery of the Notes take 
place simultaneously. The Notes allotted are available as soon as the investment order is executed by 
Mintos, by means of the Investor’s profile on the Platform. Further alienation of Notes could be done as 
soon as available on the Investor’s Investment Accounts. 
 
Minimum subscription amount is one Note. Maximum subscription amount is up to the Aggregate 
Nominal Amount for the relevant Series of Notes, but subject to the nominal amount of the Notes being 
available for purchase from the Issuer as at execution time of the investment order at Mintos. 
No expenses are expected to be charged to the Investor by the Issuer when purchasing Notes. 
Currently there is no financial transaction tax to be applied by the Issuer and/or Mintos to the Investor 
in subscribing or purchasing any Note. 
 
The Issuer expects that net proceeds of any Series of Notes will equal the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
of the relevant Series.

--- Page 29 ---
28 
 
 
▪ 
Payments under the Notes 
 
Interest specified in the Final Terms will begin to be calculated and accrue from (and including) the first 
day when the Investor has acquired the Notes from the Issuer and the Notes are booked by Mintos in 
the Investor’s financial instruments account. 
 
The Interest and principal payments under the Notes are linked and contingent on corresponding 
payment being made under the pool of the underlying Loan Receivables. Notes may have different 
payments which reflect the different Loans issued by the Lending Company, such as: 
● 
fully amortising Notes – the principal amount outstanding of the Notes and interest are regularly 
paid during the term of the Notes so that the principal amount outstanding of the Notes is zero 
at maturity of the Notes; 
 
● 
partially amortising Notes (or ‘balloon’ Notes) – the principal amount outstanding of the Notes 
and interest are regularly paid during the term of the Notes but, a ‘balloon’ of principal amount 
outstanding of the Notes remains which is paid at maturity of the Notes;  
 
● 
interest only Notes – only the interest is regularly paid during the term of the Notes, whilst the 
principal amount outstanding of the Notes is paid at maturity of the Notes; and 
 
● 
bullet Notes - both the principal value outstanding of the Notes and interest are paid at the 
maturity of the Notes. 
▪ 
The Buyback Obligation  
The Buyback Obligation is the obligation, if any payment under any of the relevant Loans is delayed 
by more than 60 days, for the Lending Company to repurchase the relevant Loan Receivables from the 
Issuer, provided that the Buyback Obligation is stated as being applicable in the Final Terms. 
If the Buyback Obligation is triggered, the relevant Series of Notes will be redeemed early in part once 
the Issuer has received the buyback price from the Lending Company. The buyback price is the nominal 
value of the Loan Receivable as it is at the time when the Buyback Obligation arose, which means the 
nominal value of the principal outstanding and the interest and other ancillary claims assigned to the 
Issuer that form part of the Loan Receivable up to the date when the Buyback Obligation was triggered. 
▪ 
Repurchase  
Repurchase is the right or obligation for the Lending Company to repurchase the Loan Receivable(s) 
from the Issuer on the occurrence of certain events specified in the Cooperation Agreement. 
The Repurchase rights the Lending Company may exercise at any time with respect to any Loan 
Receivable(s). The repurchase price is the nominal value of the Loan Receivable, which means the

--- Page 30 ---
29 
 
 
nominal value of the principal outstanding and the interest and other ancillary claims assigned to the 
Issuer that form part of the Loan Receivable up to the date when the Repurchase right was exercised, 
as it is at the time when the Repurchase right was exercised. 
If during the validity of the Cooperation Agreement the Lending Company exercises its rights to 
repurchase individual Loan Receivables of performing loans (loans that are not delayed by the 
Borrower), the Lending Company shall be obliged to repurchase the same amount of the Loan 
Receivables on non-performing loans with a delay of 1 to 59 days (if any) and on non-performing loans 
with a delay of 60 and more days (if any). Namely, if the Lending Company repurchases 10% (ten per 
cent) of the Loan Receivables on performing loans, the Lending Company shall be obliged to 
repurchase 10% (ten per cent) of the Loan Receivables on non-performing loans with a delay of 1 to 
59 days and 10% (ten per cent) of the Loan Receivables on non-performing loans with a delay of 60 
and more days. The Loan Receivables of non-performing loans subject to the repurchase are randomly 
selected by the Lending Company at its own discretion. If the Lending Company fails to repurchase the 
Loan Receivables of non-performing loans as per this clause, Mintos shall randomly select the Loan 
Receivables on non-performing loans subject to the repurchase by the Lending Company.  
The Repurchase obligation arises either with respect to one or several Loan Receivables or it may as 
well arise with respect to all Loan Receivables.  
Individual affected Loan Receivable(s) must be repurchased by the Lending Company according to the 
Cooperation Agreement if the following occurs: 
(a) 
termination by the Lending Company of a Loan Agreement from which the Loan Receivable 
arises; 
(b) 
in case any of the following events occur: 
● 
if the Loan Agreement from which the respective individual Loan Receivable arises 
is or shall for any reason and by any means become invalid or unenforceable whether 
in whole or in part or it becomes impossible or unlawful for any party to any such 
document to perform its obligations under such documents; or 
● 
if, in the reasonable opinion of Mintos and/or the Issuer and/or the Lending Company, 
the Borrower’s fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation has been established; 
(c) 
with respect to the affected Loan Receivable that is determined in the sole discretion of 
Mintos, in case if any of the following events occur: 
● 
if certain representations or warranties of the Lending Company provided in the 
Cooperation Agreement with respect to the Loan Receivable is or proves to have been 
untrue when made or deemed to be made; 
● 
if a breach of an obligation of the Lending Company to comply with certain restrictions 
on amendments to the Loan Agreements are not complied with or if the Lending 
Company breaches its duties as a servicer of the Loan Receivables; or 
● 
if it is or becomes unlawful for the Lending Company to assign or offer the assignment 
of any new Loan Receivables according to the laws applicable to the Lending Company 
and/or Loan Receivables and/or to perform any of its obligations under the Cooperation 
Agreement in relation to the assignment or servicing of the Loan Receivable, for 
example in case of loss of licence by the Lending Company which affects the already 
executed assignments or servicing of the Loan Receivables (i.e. having a retroactive 
effect).  
 
The above might not be a precise wording of the Cooperation Agreement provisions, however even if 
the wording is different the description of the essence remains correct.

--- Page 31 ---
30 
 
 
In case a Material Event of Default under the Cooperation Agreement has occurred (see paragraph: 
THE TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS - The Cooperation Agreement - Material Events of Default), Mintos 
is entitled to request the Lending Company to repurchase all the Loan Receivables transferred to the 
Issuer. Mintos has the discretion to request or not to request the repurchase of all the Loan Receivables. 
If the full repurchase is requested, repurchase obligation must be met by way of paying the repurchase 
price within the time period, which in most cases is 5 (five) Business Days, but may be set as a longer 
period of time up to no more than 6 months, after the notice has been given to the Lending Company 
regarding the repurchase and the final calculation of the amounts payable is sent to the Lending 
Company. 
The repurchase price for the Loan Receivable which the Lending Company is obliged to pay to the 
Issuer for the Repurchase of the Loan Receivable is equal to the total amount of the remaining principal 
amount of the Loan Receivable and accumulated and outstanding interest, and other ancillary claims 
assigned to the Issuer that form part of the Loan Receivable up to the date when the Repurchase was 
triggered. 
If Repurchase rights or obligation is triggered, the relevant Series of Notes will be redeemed early in 
full or in part once the Issuer has received the repurchase price from the Lending Company. 
▪ 
No credit enhancement 
The Notes have no credit enhancements and no liquidity support in relation to payment of interest or 
principal. 
The Issuer, as a special purpose entity, has no obligation to make any payment on the Notes unless 
sufficient funds have been received from the Lending Company. The Lending Company, in turn is 
dependent on payments on the relevant Loans from the Borrowers. 
o 
THE TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS 
The information in this section is a summary of certain features of the Transaction Documents provided 
for information purposes and will not be treated as the full binding text of the relevant agreement.  
▪ 
The Cooperation Agreement 
General 
The Cooperation Agreement contains the agreement between the Issuer, the Lending Company and 
Mintos on the matters outlined in the above section entitled ‘THE DESCRIPTION OF THE 
TRANSACTIONS IN RELATION TO THE NOTES’. 
Sample of the Loan Agreement is provided in the schedule to the Cooperation Agreement. There are 
also other schedules to the Cooperation Agreement. 
This Base Prospectus as submitted to the NCA for approval is not a schedule to the Cooperation 
Agreement but is agreed on in writing by the same parties as those of the Cooperation Agreement no 
later than on or about the date of submission of this Base Prospectus to the NCA for approval. 
Mintos 
Mintos act as an assignment agent, placement agent, calculation agent, transfer agent and paying 
agent of the Issuer in relation to the Notes.

--- Page 32 ---
31 
 
 
Loan servicing 
The Issuer has appointed the Lending Company as the servicer with service rights which includes any 
and all rights to: 
(a)         
service the Loan Receivables; 
  
(b)         
all agreements or documents creating, defining or evidencing the servicing rights to the 
extent they relate to the servicing; 
(c)     
collect all payments under the Loan Agreements; and 
(d)         
maintain and use any and all servicing files and other data and information about the 
Loan Receivables, and about the past, present or prospective servicing of the Loan 
Receivables. 
Within the scope of servicing obligations, the Lending Company has undertaken certain obligations, 
including: 
(a)     
to collect and process payments from the Borrowers; 
(b)     
to transfer payments from the Borrowers to the Issuer; 
(c)     
not to assign, transfer or create any encumbrance over any Loan Receivables; and 
(d)     
to take all reasonable actions to ensure that the Loan Receivables are not treated as 
the Lending Company’s property and any pledge rights, prohibitions or other 
encumbrances in favour of the Lending Company, its creditors or administrators would 
not be attributed to the Loan Receivables. 
The appointment of the Lending Company as the servicer can be terminated by written mutual 
agreement between the Issuer, the Lending Company and Mintos only when the Issuer has settled all 
obligations under the Notes towards the Noteholders. 
Subject to certain terms and conditions, the Issuer may, by notice to the Lending Company and Mintos, 
terminate the appointment of the Lending Company as the servicer and appoint another person as the 
servicer of the Loan Receivables. 
Extensions 
The Lending Company may modify any of the Loan Agreements without approval of the Issuer, provided 
that payments from the relevant Borrower remain unchanged. 
If provided in the Final Terms, the Lending Company may extend the repayment schedule of one or 
more of the Loan Agreements without the consent of the Issuer or the Noteholders provided that (a) 
there is no event of default under any of the Loans Agreement, (b) any change is restricted by ‘Limit on 
the number of Extensions’ and ‘Total maximum time limit of Extensions’ as specified in the Final Terms 
and (c) any change is notified on the Platform to the Noteholders. 
The Lending Company may also extend the repayment schedule of one or more of the Loan 
Agreements without the consent of the Issuer or the Noteholders to comply with any new law or 
regulation, amendment of any existing law or regulation, or any decision of any government or municipal 
provided that any change is notified on the Platform to the Noteholders.

--- Page 33 ---
32 
 
 
Representations and warranties 
The Lending Company has made certain representations and warranties relating to the Loan 
Receivables including: 
(a)     
all necessary and required procedures, checks and assessments have been performed 
to ensure the validity and enforceability of each of the Loan Agreements; 
(b)     
information and documents provided regarding each of the Loans, the Loan 
Agreements and the Loan Receivables sold to the Issuer are true, correct and 
complete, 
(c)     
the Lending Company is the sole owner of the Loan Receivables being sold to the 
Issuer and has full rights and authority to sell and assign the Loan Receivables, which 
are free and clear of all liens, pledges or encumbrances.      
The Lending Company has represented and warranted that it has all necessary licences, permits and 
authorisations to conduct its business activities. 
Each of the Issuer, the Lending Company and Mintos has ensured the truth, correctness and 
completeness of all the documents and information being provided by it, as well as its compliance with 
applicable regulatory requirements. 
Covenants 
The Lending Company has covenanted to comply with certain financial and other covenants. 
Indemnities and penalties 
The Lending Company has agreed to pay the contractual penalties to Mintos for breach of any of the 
obligations indicated in the Cooperation Agreement. 
Each of the Issuer, the Lending Company and Mintos has indemnified the others against any and all 
losses suffered by or incurred by the others arising out of or resulting from its breach under the 
Cooperation Agreement. 
Material Events of Default 
The Cooperation Agreement contains an exhaustive list of events that constitute Material Events of 
Default. Material Events of Default under the Cooperation Agreement include events like: 
(a)   non-payment by the Lending Company under the Cooperation Agreement; 
(b)   the Lending Company non-compliance with the capitalisation ratio set in the Cooperation 
Agreement; 
(c)   events with respect to various other obligations: failure to fulfil some other obligations of the 
Cooperation Agreement; occurrence of a material event of default under other obligations 
referred to in the Cooperation Agreement; 
(d)   an event of default, as such term is defined in this Base Prospectus, occurs, which such 
event of default is caused by fault, action or failure to act of the Lending Company, 
Guarantor and/or Pledgor; 
(e)   any security documents (if any) having become invalid, unenforceable or likewise events 
occurring with respect to them as agreed in the Cooperation Agreement;

--- Page 34 ---
33 
 
 
(f) insolvency or insolvency proceedings of the Lending Company or any Guarantor or Pledgor 
occurs; 
(g)   a creditor’s process as agreed in the Cooperation Agreement is taking place; 
(h) misrepresentation by the Lending Company with respect to the information in this Base 
Prospectus that is sourced from the Lending Company and the later is responsible for; 
(i)  cross-default and cross-acceleration or certain financial liabilities; 
(j)  occurrence of circumstances in the area of AML (Anti Money Laundering) or sanctions non-
compliance that require termination of cooperation with the Lending Company; 
(k)   cessation of business by the Lending Company, the Guarantor or Pledgor. 
The above is not a precise wording of the Cooperation Agreement provisions on the Material Event of 
Default, it is just a description of their essence. 
If any Material Event of Default occurs, Mintos may stop: 
(a)     
the execution of sales of the Loan Receivables to the Issuer; 
(b)     
the placement of the Notes on the Platform; and 
(c)     
the processing of submitted but not yet executed orders for subscription of the Notes. 
Upon occurrence of a Material Event of Default Mintos may require the Lending Company to 
Repurchase all the Loan Receivables transferred to the Issuer. 
Also, if a Material Event of Default occurs Mintos may change the servicer of the Loan Receivables. 
Whether to exercise any or all of the above rights that Mintos has if any Material Event of Default occurs, 
is a decision that Mintos makes, acting as an authorized representative of the Issuer in its best interests. 
It may be that even if a Material Event of Default has occurred, it may be cured or does not negatively 
affect the ability of the Lending Company to comply with its obligations under the Cooperation 
Agreement, or there are other legitimate reasons why Mintos should not exercise the said rights, and 
thus none of the said rights are exercised. 
Term and termination 
The Cooperation Agreement continues until all liabilities of the Issuer, the Lending Company and Mintos 
according to its provisions are fully satisfied. 
Governing law 
The Cooperation Agreement and any non-contractual obligations arising out of, or in connection with, 
it is governed by and will be construed in accordance with the laws of the Republic of Latvia. 
The Guarantee Agreement 
General 
Parties to the Guarantee Agreement (amended, restated and/or supplemented from time to time) are 
the Issuer, the Guarantor and Mintos (the Investment Firm) (hereinafter - the Parties). 
According to the provisions of the Guarantee Agreement the Guarantor guarantees to the Issuer the 
performance of Lending Company’s obligations that may be incurred and arising from the Cooperation 
Agreement and all agreements on sale and purchase of the Loan Receivables entered by and between

--- Page 35 ---
34 
 
 
the Issuer and the Lending Company according to the Cooperation Agreement (hereinafter - Principal 
Agreements), where from the Issuer’s monetary claims against the Lending Company arises and agrees 
to be held liable for the performance of the said obligations of the Lending Company as the principal 
debtor itself. 
The Guarantee Agreement defines a list of financial and other covenants, including negative covenants, 
that the Guarantor shall comply with during the term of the Guarantee Agreement. The failure to meet 
the covenants or breach of them leads to an event of default of the Guarantee Agreement and hence 
Material Event of Default or Event of Default under the Cooperation Agreement. 
Rights and obligations 
According to the provisions of the Guarantee Agreement the Guarantor undertakes before the Issuer 
the liability for the Lending Company’s outstanding obligations under the Principal Agreements with all 
of its present and future assets. 
In the event that the Lending Company has not fulfilled its obligations on the payment date under the 
Principal Agreements, the Guarantor as a principal debtor (Lending Company) after the receipt of 
written notification from the Investment Firm shall pay within 5 (five) Business Days of receipt of such 
notice to the Investment Firm the whole amount of Lending Company’s outstanding obligations 
indicated in the respective written notice. 
The Guarantor ensures that the payment obligations assumed by the Guarantor under the Guarantee 
Agreement rank at least equally (pari passu) to other liabilities of the Guarantor and that position of the 
Issuer is not worsened against other creditors of the Guarantor neither in terms of payment priority, nor 
security. 
Representations and warranties 
The Guarantee Agreement contains several representations and warranties made by the Guarantor. 
The Guarantor has represented and warranted, including, but not limited to the Issuer and the 
Investment Firm, that: 
(i) the representative of the Guarantor has all rights, internal corporate approvals and powers for 
entering into the Guarantee Agreement; 
(ii) neither the signing and performance nor the compliance by the Guarantor with the provisions of the 
Guarantee Agreement shall conflict with or result in a breach or violation of any of the provisions of its 
articles of association, any agreement, license, commitment or permit to which the Guarantor is a party 
or any judgement, order, injunction, decree or ruling of any court or governmental or local authority, to 
which the Guarantor is subject to. 
(iii) the Guarantor has ensured truth, correctness and completeness of the documents and provided 
information, as well as their compliance with applicable regulatory requirements. 
Indemnities and penalties 
Each Party has indemnified the other Parties against any and all losses suffered by or incurred by the 
other Parties arising out of or resulting from a breach under the Guarantee Agreement or any 
representation given in the Guarantee Agreement not being true or correct in any material aspect. 
The Guarantee Agreement also defines in which cases the Guarantor shall pay the contractual penalties 
to the Issuer for the breach of obligations indicated in the Guarantee Agreement.

--- Page 36 ---
35 
 
 
Term and termination 
The Guarantee Agreement continues to be valid and in legal force until all liabilities under the 
Cooperation Agreement are fully settled in accordance with its provisions. 
Governing law 
The Guarantee Agreement and any non-contractual obligations arising out of, or in connection with, it 
is governed by and shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the Republic of Latvia. 
The Pledge Agreement 
General 
Parties to the Pledge Agreement (the official legal title - Pool of Receivables Registered Pledge 
Agreement) amended, restated and/or supplemented from time to time (“the Pledge Agreement”) are 
the Lending Company as a Pledgor and the Issuer as a Pledgee, (“the Parties”). 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus the Pledge Agreement might not yet be signed. However, 
it is a condition precedent for the issuance of the Notes to start. 
The pledged assets (the “Pledged Assets”) are at any given moment, all claims, regardless of the nature 
thereof (including interest, default interest, commissions, expenses, costs, indemnities and any other 
amounts due thereunder), whether actual, future or contingent, whether owed jointly or severally, and 
whether subordinated or not, owed by the borrowers to the Pledgor under loan agreements executed 
by the Pledgor in the capacity of Lending Company within its ordinary course of business, together with, 
to the largest extent permitted by the Bulgarian Law, any accessory rights, claims or actions, attaching 
to such claims or granted to the Pledgor as security for such claims and which, according to the 
Cooperation Agreement are the agreements on which Loan Receivables, as defined in the Cooperation 
Agreement, are sold by the Lending Company to the Issuer. The Loan Receivables as they are defined 
in the Cooperation Agreement do not constitute the Pledged Assets. For the avoidance of doubt, it is 
agreed that the Loan Receivables cease to be the Loan Receivables under the Cooperation Agreement 
and within the meaning of this Agreement once they are fully settled for towards the Issuer under the 
Cooperation Agreement, including by way of repurchase or buyback. 
According to the provisions of the Pledge Agreement in order to secure all present and future obligations 
and liabilities (whether actual or contingent and whether owed jointly or severally or in any other capacity 
whatsoever) of the Lending Company towards the Issuer and/or Mintos under or in connection with the 
Cooperation Agreement, including, inter alia, possible expenses that are related to the maintenance, 
insurance, storage of the Pledged Assets, enforcement of the pledge arising out of this Agreement, 
including sale of the Pledged Assets under the Cooperation Agreement, the Pledgor has agreed to 
create a security in favour of the Pledgee over the Pledged Assets (the “Pledge”). 
The Pledge has been created upon registration of the Pledge Agreement in the Public Registry in 
accordance with the Bulgarian Law, which such registration has occurred prior to the date of the 
issuance of the Notes has commenced under this Base Prospectus. 
Representations and warranties 
The Pledge Agreement contains several representations and warranties made by the Pledgor. The 
Pledgor has represented and warranted, including, but not limited to the Issuer that: 
(a) the Receivables included in the Pool of Receivables duly exist; 
(b) the Pledgor is the owner of, and has exclusive title to the Pool of Receivables;

--- Page 37 ---
36 
 
 
(c) no lien exists over any of the Receivables which are a part of the Pool of Receivables; 
(d) the Pledgor is fully entitled to enter into the Pledge Agreement and submit all declarations and 
assurances contained therein; 
(e) all Pledged Assets are transferable, and the Pledgor is entitled to dispose of them (including 
disposal and encumbrance), no legal actions, decisions of state courts or arbitration courts or 
administrative acts introduce any restrictions whatsoever to dispose of receivables constituting 
Pledged Assets; 
(f) no court, enforcement, administrative proceedings or any other similar proceedings in any 
jurisdiction are pending with respect to the existence of any of the receivables included in the 
Pledged Assets, and none of the above-mentioned proceedings are pending against the 
Pledgor, which could have a negative impact on performance of the Pledgor's obligations or 
rights under the Pledge Agreement, as well as the validity, effectiveness or priority of security 
established under the Pledge Agreement and there are no other circumstances that could result 
in challenging the establishment and perfection of the Pledge; 
(g) the Pledged Assets are free from any liens, encumbrances and/or rights of third parties, in 
particular they are not subject to any kind of agreement regarding assignment, sale, exchange, 
donation, pledge, financial collateral, and are not subject to any distraint, injunction or similar 
measure, except as agreed under the Cooperation Agreement;  
(h) no application has been made to the Central Register of the Special Pledges with the Minister 
of Justice of the Republic of Bulgaria for the entry of a pledge over the Pledged Assets and no 
such application will be made, except as agreed under the Cooperation Agreement; 
(i) the conclusion and performance of the Pledge Agreement is not inconsistent with any law, 
contractual provision, court decision, arbitration award, administrative act binding the Pledgor, 
which the Pledgor is a party to; 
(j) all corporate consents required by law to establish the pledge over Pledged Assets were duly 
obtained; 
(k) there are no facts, events or circumstances related to the Pledgor or the Pledged Assets, or 
any breach of Bulgarian law or other applicable law that could have a material adverse effect 
on the legality, validity or effectiveness of the Pledge or the possibility of satisfying secured 
obligations under the Pledge Agreement; 
(l) there are no facts or circumstances related to the Pledgor or the Pledged Assets, as a result of 
which the grounds for establishing the pledge under the Pledge Agreement could be revoked 
or otherwise annulled. 
Obligations of the Pledgor 
The Pledge Agreement contains several obligations of the Pledgor. Inter alia the Pledgor has committed 
to the following main obligations: 
(a) to prepare and submit to the Central Register of the Special Pledges with the Minister of Justice 
of the Republic of Bulgaria all documents necessary for the registration of the pledge over the 
Pledged Assets; 
(b) at the request of the Pledgee to do all such acts and things necessary with a view to the 
establishment and perfection, preservation and continuation of the security interests granted or 
expressed to be created under the Pledge Agreement and/or otherwise as the Pledgee (Issuer) 
may reasonably specify; 
(c) to inform the Pledgee on any claims of the third parties concerning the Pledged Assets or any 
of the receivables constituting the Pledged Assets or on any injunction, distraint, seizure of the 
Pledged Assets or any of the receivables constituting the Pledged Assets in the recovery or 
precautionary measures;      
(d) to inform the Pledgee on each factual or legal event including any significant loss in the value, 
decrease of the quantity and expiry of the limitation period of the elements of the Pledged 
Assets that may have material adverse effect on the compliance with law, validity, execution or

--- Page 38 ---
37 
 
 
enforceability of the Pledge or that may have material effect on the possibility of the recovery 
of receivables constituting the Pledge. 
Enforcement of the Pledge 
 
Upon and at any time after the occurrence of the Material Event of Default under the Cooperation 
Agreement, the Pledgee may enforce its rights in relation to the Pledged Assets by sending notice to 
the Pledgor and thereafter by notifying the debtors (borrowers of the Pledgor) under the receivables 
which are part of the Pledged Assets and collect such receivables or any part thereof, or sell the Pledged 
Assets or any part thereof to a third party. 
 
Term and termination 
 
The Pledge Agreement continues to be valid and in legal force until full recovery of the secured 
obligations. 
Governing law 
The Pledge Agreement and any non-contractual obligations arising out of, or in connection with, it is 
governed by and shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the Republic of Bulgaria.

--- Page 39 ---
38 
 
 
5. THE ISSUER 
o 
General 
The Issuer is a special purpose undertaking established for the sole purpose of issuing and offering 
Notes to Investors on the Platform, which are backed by the Loan Receivables acquired from the 
Lending Company. The Issuer does not take part in any other business activities.  
The Issuer is incorporated as a limited liability company and registered in the Commercial Register of 
the Enterprise Register of the Republic of Latvia on 4 July 2024 under the name SIA Mintos Finance 
No.54 with registration number 40203572864. It operates under the laws of the Republic of Latvia and 
has its registered office at Skanstes street 52, Riga, LV-1013, Latvia. The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) 
of the Issuer is: 98450041Z59BC5D73971. 
The registered and paid up share capital of the Issuer is EUR 2800 consisting of 2800 shares each 
having a nominal value of EUR 1. Each share is entitled to one vote. The sole shareholder of the Issuer 
is SIA Mintos Capital Management, registration No 40203178505.  
 
The Issuer has no subsidiaries and does not own any shares or equity. 
The Issuer is managed by the Management Board, the members being appointed by the sole 
shareholder of the Issuer: 
Title 
Name 
Other roles 
Chairman of the 
Management 
Board 
Martins Sulte 
Chairman of the Management Board of AS Mintos Holdings, 
SIA Mintos Capital Management and Mintos 
Member of the 
Management 
Board 
Martins Valters 
Member of the Management Board of AS Mintos Holdings, 
SIA Mintos Capital Management and Mintos 
For so long as the Notes of any Series remain outstanding or Notes may be issued under the

--- Page 40 ---
39 
 
 
Programme, articles of association (Statutes) of the Issuer can be accessed on www.mintos.com. 
o 
Activities 
The activities of the Issuer are as follows: 
● 
issue and publicly offer Notes to the Investors, including preparation, submission to the NCA 
and publication on the Platform of this Base Prospectus; 
 
● 
purchases of Loan Receivable from the Lending Company arising from the Loans issued to the 
Borrowers; 
 
● 
payments under the Notes through Mintos, subject to receiving relevant funds from the Lending 
Company; and 
 
● 
publication of financial and other information to Investors in accordance with applicable law. 
o 
Financial information 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has not commenced any operations, and accordingly, 
no financial statements have been prepared. The financial statements will be prepared in accordance 
with the Latvian Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP). 
For accounting purposes, Loan Receivables are classified as a pass-through of a financial asset under 
International Financial Reporting Standard (IFRS) 9 3.2.5. 
The appointed auditors of the Issuer for the financial year 2024 are "KPMG Baltics SIA", registered in 
the Republic of Latvia on 16 December 1994 with registration number 40003235171. 
o 
Authorisation 
The establishment of this Programme and the issue of Notes have been duly authorised by decisions 
of the sole shareholder of the Issuer on 04.12.2024.  
o 
Significant or material change 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, there has been no significant or material change in the financial 
position of the Issuer since the date of its incorporation.  
o 
Litigation 
The Issuer (whether as a defendant or otherwise) is not and has not been involved in any governmental, 
legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of 
which the Issuer is aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus which may 
have, or have in such period had, a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer.

--- Page 41 ---
40 
 
 
6. MINTOS 
Mintos, under the name AS Mintos Marketplace, was registered as a joint-stock company on 1 June 
2015 in the Commercial Register, Enterprises Register of the Republic of Latvia with the unified 
registration number 40103903643.  
All the shares in Mintos are held by AS Mintos Holdings. 
Mintos has been authorised as an investment firm by the NCA on 17 August 2021 to provide following 
investment services and ancillary services: 
● 
execution of orders on behalf of clients; 
● 
dealing on own account; 
● 
portfolio management; 
● 
investment advice; 
● 
placing of financial instruments without a firm commitment basis; 
● 
holding of financial instruments; 
● 
currency exchange services, if they are related to the provision of investment services; 
● 
providing investment research, financial analysis or other general advice regarding transactions 
in financial instruments; and 
● 
provision of services related to the initial placement of financial instruments. 
Mintos provides services in Latvia, France, Germany, Italy, Poland, Netherlands, Czech Republic, 
Belgium, Austria, Portugal and Spain. Mintos has not commenced provision of services in other 
countries as of the date of this Base Prospectus but may do so during the validity period of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Cash funds of the Investors are held by Mintos in regulated credit institutions, including but not limited 
to AS LHV Pank (Estonia), Signet Bank AS (Latvia), and money market funds. 
Mintos owns and operates the Platform which is the technical infrastructure through which (a) companies 
sell loans and other receivables or other assets to issuers, (b) the issuers offer and sell asset backed 
securities to investors backed by the acquired receivables or other assets and (c) information exchange 
and money flows occur between Investors, issuers and originators and services of the assets and 
receivables. Notes which are backed up by bonds are one of the types of assets backed securities 
offered and available on the Platform. Also, Mintos offers and may offer other investment products or 
services to the Investors. 
o 
Key activities performed by Mintos with respect to Notes are as follows: 
● 
Opens and services Investment Accounts for investors and (a) carries out anti-money 
laundering, combating the financing of terrorism and know your client policies and procedures, (b) 
carries out appropriateness and suitability tests, (c) responsible for compliance with product governance 
requirements and (d) informs Investors regarding the risks inherent in the products and services 
depending on the status of the Investor.

--- Page 42 ---
41 
 
 
● 
Prepares this Base Prospectus and engages lawyers and other advisors and submits it to the 
NCA for approval. 
● 
Operates the Platform for (a) Investors to acquire Notes, exchange currencies related to 
investment services and transactions with Notes and receive automated portfolio management services 
and, including but not limited (b) the Issuer and the lending company or other originator to transfer title 
in the receivables and exchange information in relation to the receivables. 
● 
Acts as an assignment, placement, calculation, transfer and paying agent for the Notes 
including (a) transfer of funds to the Issuer following placement of Notes, (b) settlement of payments 
due between the Issuer and other parties, (c) payments to the Investment Accounts, (d) provides 
information regarding Investors to the Issuer to calculate any withholding taxes on payments and (e) 
provides information on Payment Events through API from the involved parties. 
● 
Maintains the register of Noteholders. 
● 
Complies with the Transaction Documents including monitoring of compliance with the 
covenants and other provisions of the transaction documents. See the section entitled ‘4. 
TRANSACTION OVERVIEW – TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS’ of this Base Prospectus for more 
information. 
● 
Prepares and submits reports for legal and regulatory purposes to the NCA, the Latvian State 
Revenue Service and others.

--- Page 43 ---
42 
 
 
7. THE LENDING COMPANY 
o 
Business overview 
The Lending Company is a non-banking financial institution providing personal loans based in Sofia, 
Bulgaria, incorporated on 11.03.2019, and operates under the laws of the Republic of Bulgaria as a 
limited liability company. The Lending Company is registered with the Bulgarian commercial register 
and register of non-profit legal entities under registration No. 205559807, and it is registered by the 
Bulgarian National Bank (BNB) in its Financial Institutions Register on 30.04.2019 with registration No. 
BGR00415. The Lending Company has its registered legal seat located at the address: 38 Cherkovna 
Str., fl. 1, office 4, Sofia 1407, Bulgaria.  
The Lending Company specialises in consumer credits using equity and loan capital. The Lending 
Company’s potential lies in a broad targeted customer base with demand for low to mid-value consumer 
goods. The business model of the Lending Company is built around high demand for personal finance 
in Bulgaria, which is an under-banked market with high GDP growth and low public/private debt. The 
Lending Company offers lending products, which are only partially served by the traditional banking 
system. The Lending Company issues loans only to natural persons with Bulgarian citizenship. 
o 
Loans 
The Lending Company’s products are unsecured consumer loans with a maturity range between 3 
months and 48 months. Average maturity of the portfolio: 27 months. The median loan amount is above 
1200 EUR, whereas loan amounts range between 50 EUR and 5100 EUR. The Lending Company aims 
to serve only clients with a permanent workplace and stable income. Loans are handled via online 
channels (website and app), established partner networks (such as physical shops, online stores, 
money transfer and insurance broker points of sale, web portals), as well as the Lending Company 
branches (retail offices). 
o 
Financial information 
The unaudited financial statement for the year 2022, the audited financial statement for the year 2023 
and unaudited financial statement for 2024 9M have been prepared in accordance with the International 
Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS); financial statements are prepared in Bulgarian lev (BGN) 
currency.   
The latest available historical financial information of the Lending Company is available on Mintos 
website:  
Unaudited financials 2022 (translated from Bulgarian) 
The Lending Company qualified for the audit exemption in Bulgaria according to Accountancy Act for 
the financial year 2022. 
Audited financials 2023 (translated from Bulgarian)* 
*Auditors draw attention to Note 4: Going Concern of the Financial Statements, which indicates that 
the Company reported a net loss of BGN 4,380k in the year ending 31 December 2023, with current 
liabilities exceeding current assets by BGN 428k at that date. Accumulated losses as at 31 December 
2023 amount to BGN 7 571k. Cash flows from operating activities are negative in the amount of BGN 
8 341k. As at 31 December 2023, the subscribed capital of ЮтеКредит България ЕООД. amounts 
to BGN 15,200k and exceeds the net assets of the Company as at that date by BGN 11,951k. The 
Company is in a state of over-indebtedness within the meaning of Article 742 of the Commercial Law.

--- Page 44 ---
43 
 
 
  
As set out in Annex 4. "Going concern" these events indicate that there is a material uncertainty that 
could cast significant doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. Management 
is received a formal guarantee from the owners of the capital to provide the necessary support for the 
company to be able to meet its obligations. Our opinion is unmodified with respect to this issue. 
 
There is difference in total assets for 2022 is due to reclassification of some items in Other assets 
as requested by auditors during the financial audit for 2023. 
 
Unaudited financials 2024 9M 
o 
Auditors  
The statutory auditors of the annual financial statements as of and for the financial year ended 31 
December 2023, was HLB Bulgaria, incorporated under the laws of Bulgaria, having its registered office 
at Bul. „Konstantin Velichkov” No.149-151, Sofia, 1309, Bulgaria and registered with the Bulgarian 
commercial register under number 121871342. 
 
o 
Litigation 
The Lending Company (whether as a defendant or otherwise) is not and has not been involved in any 
governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or 
threatened of which the Lending Company is aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of this Base 
Prospectus which may have, or have in such period had, a significant effect on the financial position or 
profitability of the Lending Company. 
o 
Loans issuance process 
The steps in the consumer loan underwriting process include, in order: (i) borrower application for a 
financing product online or offline, (ii) borrower registration and identification, (iii) risk assessment and 
scoring with respect to the borrower and (iv) provision of the loan amount to the borrower. 
o 
Loans underwriting 
The majority of the Lending Company customer applications come from online web profile-based 
applications, yet it can also come through partner offices. The Lending Company’s customer 
identification methods depend on local regulations and the available sources of information about the 
customer, and it includes collection of a copy of the ID of the applicant. The verification can involve both 
manual and automated operations, depending on both the customer and the loan application. If needed, 
the potential borrower is asked for further information, preliminary fraud and blacklist checks are 
performed. The internally developed scoring tool, while taking into account parameters designed for 
each local market and being in compliance with local regulatory requirements, gives a clear score that 
enables an informed granting decision. After the data has been checked, the loan is approved, and thus 
issued, or it is rejected.  
o 
Loans issuance and disbursement 
The Loan documentation can be signed physically in branches of the Lending Company or in some of 
the partners branches, or by signing digitally, using mobile platforms. The Loan disbursement process 
depends on the Borrower preferences: (i) to the Borrower’s bank account; (ii) the disbursement of cash 
over the counter of the Lending Company’s partner such as a registered payment institution; (iii) as a 
payment to the merchant bank account (if the purpose of the loan is purchase of goods/services); (iv)

--- Page 45 ---
44 
 
 
payment to the insurance broker bank account if the purpose of the loan is purchase of an insurance 
policy. The Lending Company does not handle cash operations itself.  
o 
Debt recovery management 
The Lending Company has established an efficient and effective debt collection process, meaning that 
it has a dedicated team and follows debt collection practices that are fully compliant with local 
regulations.  
The Lending Company uses the following debt collection methods:  
(i) In-house debt collection. The Lending Company’s philosophy is to strive for successful debt collection 
by having a dialogue with the Borrowers to help them to find the best way to repay their loans and to 
become the Lending Company’s long-term customer. Since payment is 1 day overdue, the Lending 
Company launches its reminder system (auto-calls, texts, e-mails, letters). The Borrower is informed 
about the overdue amounts, the further actions if payment will not be made, and the Lending Company’s 
contacts to discuss the potential options. Different tools can be offered to the Borrowers for convenient 
repayments: suspension (i.e. a right to suspend the repayment of primary repayments for a certain 
amount of time) and extension (i.e. the Loan Agreement according to which the original instalment plan 
is amended in order to permit the Borrower to repay the remainder of the Loan by means of smaller 
monthly instalments paid for a longer period than originally agreed upon). When the Borrower has failed 
to perform his contractual duties, the Lending Company can unilaterally terminate the single Loan 
Agreement. The overdue loan is terminated when the overdue reaches 60 days if the applied debt 
collection strategy is not efficient. After the Loan Agreement termination, the Borrower is still offered to 
restructure the Loan repayment into smaller regular repayments instead of a total sum repayment. 
(ii) Outsourced debt collection. As soon as the in-house debt collection process has been completed 
and the Lending Company evaluates that there still is potential for collection, it proceeds with the next 
debt collection steps. Several debt collection companies are used for better efficiency.  
o 
Administrative, management and supervisory bodies 
The following table shows the main administrative, managerial and supervisory positions of the Lending 
Company: 
Name 
Position / function (year 
since) 
Education and business experience 
summary 
Liga Lemberga 
Chief Executive Officer 
(2024) 
Holds a B.A. in International Business 
Administration from Concordia International 
University Estonia and Executive MBA from 
HEC 
Paris, 
Major: 
Global 
Business 
Perspectives – Brazil and China. More thаn 
15 years experience in the financial industry. 
Rosen Antov  
Chief Commercial Officer 
(2021) 
Holds a Bachelor degree in Macroeconomics 
and Master degree in Finance. More thаn 15 
years experience in financial and insurance 
industries as CEO and CCO. 
Ivelina Antova  
Chief Risk Officer (2021) 
Holds a Bachelor degree in Business 
Planning and Prognoses, Master degree in

--- Page 46 ---
45 
 
 
Statistics: Marketing Experience: 15 years 
Managing 
exposures 
of 
non-performing 
loans, over 3 years as CRO. 
Lilia Stefanova  
Chief Financial Officer 
(2022) 
Holds a Master degree in Finance and 
Banking, ACCA member since 2008 and over 
20 years of business experience in the 
financial sector. 
Petya Zlateva 
Chief Experience Officer 
(2021) 
Holds 
a 
Master 
degree 
in 
Chemical 
Engineering. Over 25 years of experience in 
Telecom and Financial industries in senior 
marketing, 
product 
development 
and 
customer experience roles. 
o 
Shareholders 
The share capital of the Lending Company is 17 200 000 Bulgarian lev (BGN) distributed in 17 200 
equal shares each one with value of 1 000 BGN. The capital is fully paid up and every share grants the 
same rights to the participation holders of the Lending Company. 
100% of the Lending Company’s issued participation rights are held by the Guarantor - Iute Group AS. 
Name 
Share % 
Registration No. 
Form of control 
Domicile 
Iute Group AS 
100 
11551447 
Direct Ownership 
Estonia

--- Page 47 ---
46 
 
 
8. THE LOANS 
o 
Legal nature, jurisdiction and the applicable law of the Loans  
The Loans are consumer loans issued under the Loan Agreement. The principal amount, interest, fees 
and any other expense foreseen under the Loan Agreement are payable in monthly instalments 
according to the pre-agreed payment schedule that is an integral part of the Loan Agreement. 
In the event of untimely fulfilment of the payments under the Loan Agreement, the Lending Company 
has the right to calculate the interest for the delay on the overdue principal amount from the due date 
until the repayment of the due amount. In addition, if the Borrower has overdue payments or outstanding 
obligations under the Loan Agreement, the Lending Company has the right to send a written notification 
to the Borrower, stating that the Borrower is granted a period of 7 (seven) days to fulfill the overdue 
obligations with a warning that if they are not fulfilled within this period, the Lending Company will 
consider the Loan Agreement terminated and will declare the Loan to be due early . 
If the monthly payments are not made in full, the late payment interest and the Lending Company’s 
expenses related to non-fulfilment and untimely fulfilment of the Borrower’s obligations are settled first, 
followed by interest and finally the principal.   
The Loan Agreement is subject to the amendment and/or variation from time to time as provided in the 
section entitled ‘4. TRANSACTION OVERVIEW – THE TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS – Extensions’ 
of this Base Prospectus. 
The Loan Agreement is in Bulgarian language. The Lending Company has provided an English 
translation of the Loan Agreement for informational purposes at www.mintos.com. Any discrepancy or 
difference due to the translation is not binding and has no legal effect. Neither the Issuer nor Mintos 
bears any responsibility for the accuracy of the English translation from the Loan Agreement in 
Bulgarian language. 
The Loan Agreement is governed by the laws and regulations of Bulgaria. 
o 
Repayment and maturity 
Under the Loan Agreement the Borrower makes monthly payments which include principal, fees, 
interest and any other expense foreseen upon a pre-agreed payment schedule that is incorporated into 
the Loan Agreement. The annual percentage rate (APR) for Loan ranges from 24.5% to 51.5%. The 
Loan term ranges from 3 months to 48 months with the average term being 27 months. 
The Borrowers are allowed to repay part of or full due balance before the Loans’ final repayment date. 
In case of a full early repayment of the Loan, the Borrower is obliged to pay the unpaid principal of the 
Loan, the accrued interests and fees until the day of early repayment, without prejudice to the right of 
the Lending Company to apply the prepayment commission in accordance with the provisions of the 
Loan Agreement. 
The Lending Company may collect certain compensation from the Borrower in case of early repayment 
as follows: 
a) 1% of the amount of the Loan repaid in advance, if the period between the early repayment and the 
agreed termination of the Loan Agreement is more than one year; 
b) 0.5% of the amount of the Loan repaid in advance, if the period between the early repayment and 
the date agreed for the termination of the Loan Agreement is not more than one year.

--- Page 48 ---
47 
 
 
 
The Lending Company has the right to prematurely terminate the Loan Agreement and seek full 
repayment of the outstanding obligations and a penalty fee if the Borrower is in breach of its payment 
obligations for more than 50 (fifty) calendar days. 
 
o 
Economic environment in Bulgaria 
Bulgaria's economy grew by 1.9% in 2023, with its nominal GDP reaching approximately $102,48 billion 
(USD), calculated based on the official BNB exchange rate dated 23.10.2024 (www.bnb.bg). GDP per 
capita stood at around $15,896, calculated based on the official Bulgarian National Bank (BNB) 
exchange rate dated 23.10.2024 (www.bnb.bg), reflecting a steady rise in living standards. The service 
sector contributed about 71.3% of GDP, followed by industry at 25.8% and agriculture at 1.3%. 
Unemployment remained low, around 5.6%, while inflation moderated to around 4.7% after peaking in 
previous years due to global economic challenges. 
Public debt is stable, representing about 21% of GDP, allowing the government fiscal space for 
investment. Bulgaria continues to attract foreign direct investment, which reached over $3.6 billion in 
2023, particularly in sectors like IT, manufacturing, energy, and real estate. Exports include machinery, 
fuels, and agricultural products, with EU, Turkey, China, North Macedonia being key trade partners. 
Tourism remains a vital sector, with increasing numbers of visitors to coastal areas and mountain 
resorts. The government continues to focus on reforms to improve infrastructure and enhance business 
conditions to maintain this positive trajectory. 
o 
General description of the Borrowers 
The Borrowers of the Lending Company are mainly individual consumers and representatives of small 
and medium enterprises that are not financed by traditional bank loans. At the end of September 2024, 
the Lending Company had over 30 thousand customers in its database. The proportion of women and 
men is equal. Core Borrower pool is formed by obligors being 29-45 years old and ages can range from 
early 20s to mid 50s. All Borrowers are residents of the Republic of Bulgaria. 
At the end of September 2024, approximately 70% of the credit portfolio of the Lending Company was 
represented by credit products with a maturity of more than 12 months and 16% of the performing credit 
portfolio was represented by credit products with a remaining maturity of up to 12 months.  
Although the loan issuance is country-wide, the majority of issued Loans are concentrated in and around 
the largest cities in Bulgaria – Sofia, Plovdiv, Varna, Burgas and Stara Zagora. 
o 
Loan portfolio data 
As of 30 September 2024, the Lending Company’s total portfolio of gross receivables was EUR 17.7 
million. The tables below show the Lending Company’s loan portfolio in terms of Days Past Due (DPD).  
Loans portfolio breakdown by DPD: 
Days Past Due 
2023Q2  
2023Q3  
2023Q4 
2024Q1 
2024Q2  
2024Q3  
Current % 
60% 
58% 
56% 
61% 
62% 
63%

--- Page 49 ---
48 
 
 
1-30 days % 
14% 
15% 
15% 
14% 
15% 
15% 
31-60 days % 
4% 
4% 
4% 
3% 
4% 
3% 
61-90 days % 
3% 
3% 
3% 
2% 
3% 
3% 
90-120 days % 
2% 
3% 
3% 
2% 
2% 
3% 
121-150 days % 
3% 
3% 
3% 
2% 
2% 
3% 
151-180 days % 
2% 
3% 
3% 
2% 
2% 
2% 
>180 days % 
11% 
11% 
15% 
13% 
10% 
8%

--- Page 50 ---
49 
 
 
9.  THE GUARANTOR 
The Guarantor in accordance with the Guarantee Agreement guarantees the Lending 
Company’s obligations towards the Issuer. The Guarantor is not guaranteeing the Issuer's 
obligations towards the Investors.  
See the section entitled ‘4. TRANSACTION OVERVIEW – THE TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS – 
The Guarantee Agreement’ of this Base Prospectus for more information on the Guarantee 
Agreement. 
o 
Business overview 
The Guarantor - Iute Group AS is a public limited company incorporated on 7 November 2008, and 
existing under the laws of the Republic of Estonia, registered with Estonian Commercial Register (RIK) 
under number 11551447 and having its registered office at Maakri 19/1, Tallinn, 10145, Estonia. 
According to the information filled by the Guarantor in the Estonian Business Register, the business 
activity of the Guarantor is to perform activities of holding companies. The articles of association of the 
Guarantor do not provide for a different activity. However, the purpose of the Guarantor is granting of 
non-bank loans, factoring transactions, provision of payment services and issuing electronic money 
through its subsidiaries. 
Therefore, the Guarantor is a company specialised in consumer loans via its 100% subsidiaries using 
equity and loan capital. The Guarantor has seven operational subsidiaries: IuteCredit Finance S.à r.l. 
in Luxembourg, O.C.N. “IUTE CREDIT” S.R.L. in Moldova, IuteCredit Albania SH.A. and IutePay Sh.p.k. 
in Albania, IuteCredit Macedonia DOOEL–Skopje in North Macedonia, IutePay Bulgaria EOOD and 
IuteCredit Bulgaria EOOD in Bulgaria. The Guarantor holds 95,92% shares of B.C. “Energbank” S.A., 
a credit institution (bank) operating in Moldova. 
The financial product offering of the Guarantor through its subsidiaries consists of shop loans (point of 
sales) and cash loans (instalment loans). The potential lies in a broad targeted customer base with 
demand for low - to mid-value consumer goods including cars. The business model is built around high 
demand for personal finance solutions in under-banked markets with high GDP growth and low 
public/private debt. 
The Guarantor under this Base Prospectus and Notes issues will overtake the guarantee obligations 
arising from the Lending Company's obligations under the Transaction Documents, including, but not 
limited to Repurchase and Buyback Obligations. For more information, please see ‘4. TRANSACTION 
OVERVIEW – THE TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS’ of this Base Prospectus.  
o 
Business strategy description 
The Guarantor aspires to become the leading customer centric lending company that focuses on 
providing loans and credit to people in need of obtaining funds in a fast and comfortable way by using 
different channels, partners and providers for application processing and pay out of funds. The main 
concentration of customers currently lies in Eastern and South-Eastern European countries such as 
Moldova, Albania, North Macedonia and Bulgaria with day-to-day support from the headquarters in 
Estonia. 
In the Guarantor’s view the future of personal finance will be based on instalments. According to the 
Guarantor the subscription and pay-as-you-go based economy will expand along with development of 
technology and regulatory frameworks. In history, humankind has moved from long-term and big 
subscription based deals, such as mortgage, into smaller units, such as car leasing, and the Guarantor 
sees further movement towards even smaller transactions: to the effect where it is common to split the

--- Page 51 ---
50 
 
 
regular monthly income fully between various subscriptions. Some of those subscriptions can be credit 
repayments. The goal of the Guarantor is to make subscriptions a very easy, seamless part of everyday 
life and everyday consumption. 
The Guarantor is actively seeking new markets where to offer its services and the Guarantor is 
constantly looking for ways to be closer to their customers. The Guarantor’s mission is to offer the best 
experience to its customers in the field of personal finance. The customer’s daily needs are met in an 
easy and seamless way. Further, the provided services are also fast and comfortable. The Guarantor 
also believes in human interaction. Artificial intelligence and financial technology are helpful, however, 
they are not the exclusive answer to the finance questions and issues that may be encountered by the 
customers. Besides the assistance of technologies, there is a necessity for human interaction to 
properly address the customer’s needs: the Guarantor believes that nothing replaces the sincere human 
smile and attention. 
o 
Key financial information regarding the Guarantor 
The tables below present key selected audited consolidated financial information for the Guarantor for 
the financial years ended 31 December 2021, 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2023. 
Selected statement of comprehensive income data of the Guarantor (in million EUR): 
  
2023 
2022 
2021 
Total comprehensive income for the period 
17.1 
17.3 
7.25 
 Selected statement of financial position data of the Guarantor (in million EUR): 
  
2023 
2022 
2021 
Net financial debt 
221.3 
187.8 
89.4 
Current ratio * 
2.6 
1.8 
10.82 
Debt to equity ratio 
4.6 
4.7 
5.5 
Interest cover ratio 
1.7 
1.7 
1.6 
*Current ratio = (Total net loan portfolio + cash + other short-term assets)/Total short-term liabilities 
Selected statement of cash flows data of the Guarantor (in million EUR): 
  
2023 
2022 
2021

--- Page 52 ---
51 
 
 
Net cash flows to/from operating activities 
12.6 
-29.1 
-3.2 
Net cash flows to/from financing activities 
-9.9 
2.3 
25.8 
Net cash flows from investing activities 
2.9 
33.6 
4.0 
Historical financial audited consolidated reports for the years 2022 and 2023 (prepared according to 
IFRS and in EUR currency) are available online:  
Guarantor financials 2022 (audited) 
Auditors report contains the following matters in the Basis of the qualified opinion: 
“The Group’s investment in luteCredit Kosovo JSC, a former foreign subsidiary, accounted for under 
the fair value method, is carried at EUR 1,829 thousand on the consolidated statement of financial 
position as at 31 December 2022 (EUR 2,529 thousand as at 31 December 2021). As described in Note 
29 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements, on 6 December 2019 luteCredit Kosovo JSC 
received a notice from the Central Bank of Kosovo that its microfinance licence had been revoked with 
immediate effect and a liquidator was appointed to close the business in Kosovo. The event resulted in 
the Group losing control over the subsidiary and accordingly, the Group derecognised the assets and 
liabilities of the subsidiary from consolidation and recognised the retained investment as a financial 
asset at fair value through profit or loss. 
Due to the fact that we were unable to obtain sufficient reliable audit evidence to support management’s 
assumptions used in the estimation of the fair value of and future cash flows from the investment as 
well as the significant uncertainty associated with the liquidation process of luteCredit Kosovo JSC, we 
are unable to express our opinion on the fair value of the investment in luteCredit Kosovo JSC in the 
consolidated statement of financial position, and related adjustments in the consolidated statement of 
comprehensive income. We were also not able to satisfy ourselves as to the amount by which the 
recoverable amount of the investment is lower than its carrying amount and the amount in which an 
impairment loss should have been recognised by alternative means. Accordingly, we are unable to 
conclude whether and to what extent the Group’s consolidated comprehensive income for the reporting 
period and the comparative period may be overstated and the Group’s consolidated assets and equity 
as at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021 may be overstated for the above reason.” 
Guarantor financials 2023 (audited) 
Auditors report contains the following matters in the Basis of the opinion: 
“We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (Estonia). Our 
responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the 
Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group 
in accordance with the Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (Estonia) (including Independence 
Standards) and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these 
requirements. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to 
provide a basis for our opinion.” 
Guarantor financials 2024 9M (unaudited)

--- Page 53 ---
52 
 
 
o 
Auditors 
The statutory auditor of the Guarantor for the financial years ending 31 December 2022 and 31 
December 2023 was KPMG Baltics OÜ (reg. No.10096082), an Estonian private limited liability 
company and a member firm of the KPMG network of independent member firms affiliated with KPMG 
International Cooperative (“KPMG International”), a Swiss entity. Reg no 10096082. 
o 
External credit ratings 
On 26 July 2024, Fitch Ratings (Fitch) has assigned: 
● 
a Long-Term Issuer Default Rating (IDR) of ‘B-’, with Stable Outlook to the Guarantor; 
 
● 
a Senior Secured Debt Rating of ‘B-’ for the bonds issued by the Guarantor. 
 
o 
Litigation 
The Guarantor (whether as a defendant or otherwise) is not and has not been involved in any 
governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or 
threatened of which the Guarantor is aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of this Base 
Prospectus, which may have, or have in such period had, a significant effect on the financial position or 
profitability of the Guarantor. 
o 
Administrative, management and supervisory bodies 
The following table shows the main administrative, managerial and supervisory positions of the 
Guarantor: 
Name 
Position / function (year 
since) 
Education & business experience summary 
Tarmo Sild 
Chief 
Executive 
Officer 
(2012) 
Tarmo Sild is the co-founder of Iute Group AS. He 
holds a master’s degree with distinction in Law from 
Vrije Universiteit Brussels and a bachelor’s degree in 
law from the University of Tartu. He pursued additional 
studies on EU Law at the University of Helsinki. Prior 
to his recent entrepreneurial engagements, he was an 
attorney at law and partner at the law firm LEXTAL for 
nearly 10 years, responsible for the implementation of 
EU Law, banking, project financing and securities. He 
started his professional career as the only Estonian 
advocate in Brussels at HETA Law Offices. 
Kadi Raudsepp 
Chief Legal Officer / Head 
of Legal and Compliance 
(2022) 
Kadi Raudsepp holds a master’s degree in law from 
the University of Tartu. Her wide experience in the 
legal field and financial services include both the public 
and 
private 
sectors, 
including 
leading 
Legal 
department in an investment firm Admiral Markets and 
Legal and Compliance department in an international 
finance company Creditstar.

--- Page 54 ---
53 
 
 
Kristel Kurvits 
  
Chief Financial Officer 
(2017) 
Kristel Kurvits has been working with Iute Group AS 
since 2017. She holds a master’s degree in financial 
management from Estonian Business School. Since 
2000 and onwards she served as Chief Financial 
Officer for MTÜ Estonian Banking Association. Prior to 
her recent engagements, she was responsible 
amongst others for the accounting of Ektornet Land 
Estonia OÜ (part of Swedbank Group) and financial 
reporting of the group companies. Kristel Kurvits 
started her professional career at Hansa Leasing 
Inkasso OÜ (part of Hansapanga Group). 
Tarvo Rahumägi Chief 
Risk 
Officer 
(2021) 
Tarvo Rahumägi was appointed chief risk officer of 
Iute Group AS in February 2021. Tarvo Rahumägi has 
a master’s level in law and has also completed an MBA 
program at the Estonian Business School. Tarvo 
Rahumägi 
has 
20 
years 
of 
experience 
in 
management, 
leadership, 
strategic 
business 
development, 
and 
consultation 
with 
various 
international companies, mostly in the field of legal and 
financial services. 
Goksu Tugay 
Chief 
Customer 
Experience Officer (2019) 
Goksu Tugay is the Chief Customer Experience 
Officer of Iute Group AS since August 2019. Before 
joining IuteCredit, Göksu Tugay Bilal last worked as 
the Director of Customer Experience for the largest e-
commerce platform called Hepsiburada in Istanbul, 
Turkey. She holds a dual master’s degree (MBA and 
MS MIS) from University of Illinois at Chicago. 
Allar Niinepuu 
Chairman 
of 
the 
supervisory 
board 
(2008) 
Allar Niinepuu graduated from the Estonian Maritime 
Education Center in 1992 with a degree in ship 
mastery. Allar is a member of the Supervisory Board 
of Arco Vara AS and member of the Management 
Board of Alarmo Kapital, GEST Invest Grupp, 
Intelligent Robots and Kavass. 
Jaanus Otsa 
Member of the supervisory 
board (2018) 
Jaanus Otsa graduated cum laude in 1980 from Tallinn 
University of Technology in construction and civil 
engineering. He also studied at the International 
Institute for Management Development (IMD) in 
Lausanne, Switzerland, within the Foundations for 
Business Leadership Program. Jaanus Otsa has 
worked for a long time in the construction industry and 
has been the executive manager in many successful 
construction companies, such as Skanska EMV AS 
and OÜ Astlanda Ehitus. He is also a member of the 
board of the Estonian Business Association.

--- Page 55 ---
54 
 
 
Kristi Sild 
Member of the supervisory 
board (2012) 
Kristi Sild is a member of the supervisory board of Iute 
Group AS. She is a lawyer and a member of the 
Estonian Bar Association. She is a partner in the law 
firm Widen (formerly named LEXTAL) and is 
specialised in corporate and labour law, but she is also 
dealing with matters of financial law. 
 
o 
Shareholders 
The share capital of the Guarantor is EUR 10 346 100 (ten million three hundred forty-six thousand and 
one hundred euro) divided into 10 346 100 (ten million three hundred forty-six thousand and one 
hundred) shares in registered form, all of which are fully paid. Each share is entitled to one vote and 
having a par value of EUR 1 (one euro). Below you can find the Guarantor's shareholders, which have 
ownership exceeding 10%: 
 
Shareholders 
Name 
Share % 
Registration no. Form of control 
Domicile 
OÜ ALARMO KAPITAL 
87.2484% 
11716173 
Direct Shareholder 
Estonia

--- Page 56 ---
55 
 
 
10. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the terms and conditions of the Notes (the Terms and Conditions) which, together 
with the relevant Final Terms, will be applicable to the specified Series of Notes. The relevant Final 
Terms will complete the Terms and Conditions in relation to each Series of Notes. 
   
 
Save where the context requires otherwise, references in the Terms and Conditions to Notes are to the 
Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes of other Series that may be issued under these Terms and 
Conditions. 
In these Terms and Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, words denoting the singular 
include the plural and vice versa. 
In these Terms and Conditions, references to a specified Condition will be construed as a reference to 
that specific Condition of these Terms and Conditions as in force for the time being and as amended or 
supplemented from time to time. 
The headings are inserted for convenience of reference only and will not affect the interpretation of 
these Terms and Conditions. 
In these Terms and Conditions, reference to any other document will be construed as references to that 
document as in force the time being and as amended, supplemented or substituted. 
The use of the word including means including without limitation. 
Words and expressions used in these Terms and Conditions in capitals and not defined will have the 
meanings given to them in the Final Terms unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise 
stated. 
DEFINITIONS 
In these Terms and Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following definitions will 
apply: 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: the aggregate nominal amount of the Notes as specified in the Final 
Terms. 
API: application programming interface to exchange and transmit information and data in a structured 
form between the Issuer, the Lending Company and Mintos. 
Available Distribution Amount: the amounts received by the Issuer from the Series Specific Loans. 
Backup Servicer: the legal entity (if any) engaged by the Issuer to service and administer the Loans. 
Base Prospectus: the base prospectus in relation to the Notes. 
Borrower: the debtor of a Loan. 
Borrower’s Payments: any payments made by the Borrowers under the Series Specific Loans.   
Business Day: any day on which banks in the Republic of Latvia are open for business, except for 
Saturdays, Sundays and national holidays of the Republic of Latvia. 
Buyback Obligation: the obligation, if any payment under any of the relevant Loans is delayed by more 
than 60 days, for the Lending Company to repurchase the relevant Loan Receivables from the Issuer, 
provided that the Buyback Obligation is stated as being applicable in the Final Terms.   
Collateral: the pledge rights of the Lending Company over the real estate, movable property, or

--- Page 57 ---
56 
 
 
aggregation of property, third party guarantee or title to a vehicle, or any other legally permissible means 
of securing the fulfilment of the Borrower’s obligations under the Series Specific Loan as specified in 
the Final Terms (if any). The Loan Receivables can be without Collateral. The contractual penalty, Late 
Payment Interest and other ancillary claims arising from the Loan Agreement, shall not be considered 
as Collateral. The Collateral is left with the Lending Company and is not being transferred to the Issuer. 
Cooperation Agreement: the cooperation agreement between the Issuer, the Lending Company and 
Mintos in relation to the Notes, and in relation to the notes issued under other programmes. 
Final Terms: the final terms of the Notes. 
Grace Period: the number of days specified in the Final Terms relating to any grace period in the Series 
Specific Loans for bank-to-bank payments, national holidays and specific debt collection policies of the 
Lending Company.  
Guarantee Agreement: the guarantee agreement by the Guarantor to guarantee the obligations of the 
Lending Company to the Issuer. 
Guarantor: Iute Group AS, a public limited company incorporated on 7 November 2008 and existing 
under the laws of the Republic of Estonia, registered with Estonian Commercial Register (RIK) 
companies register under number 11551447 and having its registered office at Maakri tn 19/1, Harju 
maakond, Tallinn, 10145, Estonia.  
Interest: the interest under the Notes or the Series Specific Loans. 
Interest Accrual Periods: the periods during which Interest accrues on the Notes as specified in the 
Final Terms. 
Interest Payment Date: each date on which Interest is payable under the Notes as specified in the 
Final Terms. 
Interest Rate: the rate at which Interest accrues on the Notes as specified in the Final Terms. 
Investment Accounts: the financial instruments account and the cash account of the Investor opened 
with Mintos. 
Issue Date: the issue date of the Notes being the date on which the Notes are first made available for 
subscription as specified in the Final Terms. 
Issuer: SIA Mintos Finance No. 54, registration number: 40203572864 on 4 July 2024, registered 
address: Skanstes street 52, Riga, a special purpose entity whose principal purpose is the issue of 
Notes. 
Issuer’s Account: the cash funds account of the Issuer opened by Mintos which is used solely for 
settling payments with the Lending Company, the Backup Servicer (if any), the Guarantor (if any) and 
the Noteholders. 
Late Payment Interest: the Interest on any principal amount due but not paid under any Series Specific 
Loan which is calculated at the rate (the Late Payment Interest Rate) specified in the Final Terms on 
the principal amount due (if any). 
Lending Company: "IuteCredit Bulgaria" EOOD, a limited liability company existing under the laws of 
the Bulgaria, registration number 205559807, registered on March 11, 2019, having its registered 
address at Bulgaria, Sofia, Oborishte district, Cherkovna St., 38, floor 1, office 4. 
Loan Final Repayment Date: the scheduled final repayment date of the Series Specific Loans as 
specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 58 ---
57 
 
 
Loan Interest Payment Date: each date on which Interest is payable under the Series Specific Loans 
as specified in the Final Terms. 
Loan Interest Rate: the rate at which Interest accrues on principal amount outstanding of the Series 
Specific Loans as specified in the Final Terms. 
Loan Receivables: the receivables of the Lending Company under the Series Specific Loans which 
have been assigned to the Issuer, being 90% of the principal amount outstanding of the relevant Series 
Specific Loan. 
Loan Repayment Date: each date on which the Series Specific Loans are redeemed as specified in 
the Final Terms.  
Maturity Date: the scheduled maturity date of the Notes as specified in the Final Terms. 
Mintos: AS Mintos Marketplace, a joint stock company registered in the Commercial Register of the 
Register of Enterprises of the Republic of Latvia under unified registration number 40103903643 on 1 
June 2015, having registered address: 50 Skanstes Street, Riga, LV-1013, Latvia. 
Noteholder: each person who appears as a holder of any Note from time to time in the electronic 
register maintained by Mintos. 
Notes: notes issued or to be issued by the Issuer. 
Payment Event: the date on which (a) information on the Borrower’s Payments received by the Lending 
Company is communicated to the Issuer and Mintos through API in accordance with the Transaction 
Documents, (b) the right or obligation arises under the Buyback Obligation or Repurchase, (c) any full 
or partial repayment of any of the Series Specific Loans occurs, (d) any breach of the repayment 
schedule of any of the Series Specific Loans occurs, (e) any extension of the repayment schedule of 
any of the Series Specific Loans pursuant to Condition 11.4 occurs and (f) any change to any of the 
Loan Interest Payment Date, the Loan Repayment Date and/or the Loan Final Repayment Date of one 
or more Series Specific Loan occurs.    
Pending Payments Penalty Fee: the fee on any amounts due to the Issuer from the Lending Company 
under any of the Transaction Documents at the interest rate specified in the Final Terms (if any).  
Pledge Agreement: the securing charge agreement over loan receivables concluded between the 
Lending Company as a chargor and the Issuer as a chargee 
Principal Amount Outstanding: the Aggregate Nominal Amount multiplied by the Sink Factor.  
Priority of Payments: the priority of payments set out in Condition 7.  
Purchase Agreement: part of the Cooperation Agreement relating to the purchase by the Issuer and 
sale by the Lending Company of the Series Specific Loan.  
Redemption Date: each date on which the Notes are redeemed as specified in the Final Terms. 
Repurchase: the right or obligation for the Lending Company to repurchase the relevant Loan 
Receivables from the Issuer on the occurrence of certain events specified in the Cooperation 
Agreement (as outlined in the section entitled ‘4. TRANSACTION OVERVIEW – THE DESCRIPTION 
OF THE TRANSACTIONS IN RELATION TO THE NOTES – Exercising of Repurchase’ of the Base 
Prospectus). 
Series: Notes with the same Issue Date and the same Terms and Conditions (including as to the Series 
Specific Loans) and identified in the relevant Final Terms as forming a series. 
Series Specific Loan: each non-bank credit agreement including the credit framework agreement 
agreement  between the Lending Company and the Borrower as specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 59 ---
58 
 
 
Sink Factor: a fractional number between 0 to 1 (inclusive) up to 16 decimal figures as determined by 
the Issuer from time to time which reflects the then Principal Amount Outstanding taking into account 
any partial redemptions of the Notes. 
 
 
Specified Currency: the currency of the Notes as specified in the Final Terms. 
Specified Denominations: the specified denominations of the Notes as specified in the Final Terms. 
Transaction Documents: the Cooperation Agreement, the Transfer Document, the Guarantee 
Agreement and the Pledge Agreement. 
Transfer Document: the document generated by Mintos evidencing the transfer of Loan Receivables 
from the Lending Company to the Issuer in accordance with the Purchase Agreement. 
1.  
UNDERTAKINGS OF THE ISSUER  
The undertakings in this Condition 1 remain in force for so long as any of the Notes are 
outstanding. 
1.1 
Authorisations and compliance with laws 
The Issuer will promptly obtain, comply with and do all that is necessary to maintain in full force 
and effect any authorisation required under any law or regulation of Latvia to enable it to perform 
its obligations under the Notes or own title in the Loan Receivables, and carry on its business 
as it is being conducted. The Issuer will comply in all respects with all laws to which it is subject. 
1.2 
Negative covenants 
Other than in connection with the Notes or as provided in the Base Prospectus, the Issuer will 
not: 
(a) 
sell, transfer, create any security over or otherwise dispose of any of the Loan 
Receivables; 
(b) 
incur or permit to be outstanding any financial indebtedness;  
(c) 
be the creditor in respect of any loan or any form of a credit to any person, other than 
the Lending Company or as permitted under the Transaction Documents; 
(d) 
give or allow to be outstanding any guarantee or indemnity to or for the benefit of any 
person in respect of any obligation of any other person; 
(e)  
carry on any business other than as a special-purpose pass-through undertaking 
established for the purpose of issuing and offering Notes, which are backed by the 
Loan Receivables, to Investors on the Platform; or 
(f) 
use the Issuer’s Account for any purpose other than as provided in these Terms and 
Conditions and the Transaction Documents.  
2.  
GENERAL 
2.1 
The Issuer under these Terms and Conditions together with the corresponding Final Terms has 
authorised the creation, issue and sale of the Notes to provide funds to the Issuer to purchase 
Loan Receivables in accordance with the Purchase Agreement. The issue of Notes on the

--- Page 60 ---
59 
 
 
Issue Date specified in the Final Terms will correspond to the Issuer obtaining title to the Loan 
Receivables with a total amount equal to the Aggregate Nominal Amount. 
2.2 
Subject to Condition 25, the Issuer will obtain the title to the Loan Receivables on the condition 
that Mintos has determined that it has all the data it requires in relation to the Loan Receivables 
in accordance with the Purchase Agreement and the Transfer Document. The condition in no 
case implies either the Issuer or Mintos has any obligation to examine, verify or assess such 
data, including, through the use of any documentary evidence.   
2.3 
In each case where amounts of principal, Interest, other return and additional amounts (if any) 
are payable in respect of the Notes, the obligations of the Issuer to make any such payment 
will constitute an obligation only to account to the Noteholders on each date on which such 
amounts are due, for an amount equal to amounts of principal, Interest, other return and 
additional amounts (if any) actually received by the Issuer in relation to the Series Specific 
Loans. 
2.4 
Neither the Issuer nor Mintos are liable to make any payments in respect of the Notes other 
than as expressly provided in these Terms and Conditions. 
2.5 
Save for any fees payable to the Lending Company, Mintos and the Backup Servicer (if any), 
so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest 
material to the offer of the Notes. 
3.  
STATUS 
3.1 
The Notes constitute direct, general, unsubordinated and limited recourse debt obligations of 
the Issuer, which rank pari passu among themselves; and at all times these obligations rank at 
least pari passu with all other present and future direct, general, unsubordinated and limited 
recourse obligations of the Issuer arising from the present and further Series, except for those 
obligations as may be preferred by applicable law. 
3.2 
No proprietary or other direct interest in the Issuer’s rights under or in respect of any of the 
Transaction Documents, the Purchase Agreement, the Transfer Document, the Guarantee 
Agreement, the Pledge Agreement and the Loan Receivables, exists for the benefit of the 
Noteholders. Subject to these Terms and Conditions, no Noteholder will and will have any right 
to enforce any of the Transaction Documents and the Loan Receivables, or any direct recourse 
to any of the Lending Company, the Borrowers, the Guarantor and the pledgor under the Pledge 
Agreement. 
4.  
FORM 
The Notes are issued by the Issuer in registered form which are deposited and held as book-
entry with Mintos.  
5.  
ISSUE OF NOTES 
The Notes are issued on the Issue Date in the Aggregate Nominal Amount, the Specified 
Denominations and the Specified Currency as specified in the Final Terms.   
6.  
REGISTER, TITLE AND TRANSFERS 
6.1 
Mintos maintains an electronic register of Noteholders in accordance with the Cooperation 
Agreement. No certificates will be issued to any Noteholder in respect of its holding.

--- Page 61 ---
60 
 
 
6.2 
Each Noteholder will (except as otherwise required by law) be treated as the absolute owner of 
any relevant Note for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of 
ownership, trust, nomineeship or any other interest in the Note), and no person will be liable for 
so treating the Noteholder. 
6.3 
The Notes are held and freely transferred only between the financial instrument accounts at 
Mintos of Noteholders. No application has been or will be made to trade the Notes on any 
regulated market or any other trading venue, other than the Platform.  
6.4 
A transfer of any Note between the Noteholders may be affected by Mintos which may require 
as conditions to the transfer of (a) provision of documents and information, (b) payment of any 
transfer fee and (c) payment of any tax or other governmental charges, in each case, by the 
relevant Noteholder in accordance with terms and conditions of the Platform. 
7.  
PRIORITY OF PAYMENTS 
All funds received by the Issuer in relation to the Series Specific Loans, irrespective whether 
indicated as corresponding to the relevant Series Specific Loan or not, to the extent legally 
permitted, will be applied by the Issuer in the following order of priority: 
(a) 
first, in or towards payment of any amounts owed by the Issuer to any tax authority and 
required to be paid by the Issuer under or pursuant to the Notes; 
 
(b) 
second, in payment or satisfaction of all fees and penalty fees then due and unpaid to 
Mintos by the Lending Company under the Cooperation Agreement; 
(c) 
third, in or towards payment or satisfaction of all amounts then due and unpaid as 
commissions, fees, costs, charges, expenses and liabilities incurred or payable for 
servicing of the Loan Receivables if (i) the Issuer or any person designated by the 
Issuer has taken over the servicing of the Loan Receivables or (ii) any event of default 
of the Lending Company has occurred under any of the Transaction Documents and 
the Issuer acts for the purposes of recovery of funds includes filing a claim in the 
liquidation, insolvency or other administrative proceedings of the Lending Company, or 
enforcing any legal rights; 
(d) 
fourth, in or towards payment or satisfaction of any costs, including legal fees, for any 
action to recover funds, collect or restructure payment obligations, or taking any other 
actions to receive the Loan Receivables;  
(e) 
fifth, in or towards payment or discharge of all amounts which are due to the Backup 
Servicer, if any; 
(f) 
sixth, to the Noteholders in or towards the payment or discharge of all amounts of 
Interest and principal (Late Payment Interest or penalty fee or other assigned claim, if 
any, in the order that is set forth with respect to the particular Loan Receivable) then 
due and payable under or in respect of Series, Repurchase prices and/or Buyback 
Obligation prices, unless the Buyback Obligation price is discharged next according to 
7 (g) below. Such payment/discharge being done by placing Series Specific Loans of 
all Series outstanding in the chronological order from the Series Specific Loan having 
oldest Payment Event to the Series Specific Loan having newest Payment Event, and 
then applying pro rata approach on each particular Series level; and 
(g) 
seventh, to the Noteholders in or towards the payment of the Buyback Obligation price,

--- Page 62 ---
61 
 
 
if the Lending Company is late in making payments due to the Issuer for 14 (fourteen) 
days or another period that the Issuer finds material. Such payment/discharge being 
done by placing Series Specific Loans of all Series outstanding in the chronological 
order from the Series Specific Loan having oldest buyback related Payment Event to 
the Series Specific Loan having newest buyback related Payment Event, and then 
applying pro rata approach on each particular Series level; and  
 (h) 
eight, to the Noteholders in or towards the payment of Notes' pro-rata portion of the 
Pending Payments Penalty Fee (if any). Such pro-rata portion shall be applied towards 
all impacted Series.  
Neither the Issuer nor Mintos will be liable for applying the Priority of Payments, including for 
any minor errors, pursuant to Condition 25. 
8.  
INTEREST 
8.1 
Payment of Interest 
Each Note bears Interest from (and including) the date on which the Note is subscribed by the 
Noteholder. Interest will be calculated in accordance with Conditions 8.2 and 8.3, and payable 
in the Specified Currency in arrears on each Interest Payment Date.  
8.2  
Accrual of Interest 
The Interest payable on any Interest Payment Date in respect of each Note is as follows: 
 
 
 
 
Loan Interest Rate X Series Specific Loan Principal Amount Outstanding X Day Count  
Where: 
Series Specific Loan Principal Amount Outstanding, is the principal amount of the Series 
Specific Loans which is scheduled to be outstanding (even if the principal amount is redeemed 
later) on the day immediately before the Loan Interest Payment Date which is immediately 
before the Interest Payment Date. 
Day Count, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
immediately preceding Interest Accrual Period, divided by 360. 
8.3  
Accrual of Late Payment Interest 
The Late Payment Interest (if specified as being applicable in the Final Terms) payable on any 
day on which the Issuer receives the Principal Amount Due in respect of each Note is as follows: 
Late Payment Interest Rate X Principal Amount Due X Day Count  
 
Where: 
Principal Amount Due, is the principal amount of a Series Specific Loan which was due on 
the Loan Repayment Date but not paid under the relevant Series Specific Loan provided that 
there will be no Principal Amount Due if paid within the Grace Period; and 
Day Count, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
from (but excluding) the day on which the Principal Amount Due becomes due to (but excluding)

--- Page 63 ---
62 
 
 
the day on which the Issuer receives the Principal Amount Due or, if the Buyback Obligation or 
Repurchase applies, the relevant Payment Event, divided by 360. 
Any payment of Interest or Late Payment Interest will be made only in accordance with 
Conditions 7, 11 and 25, and will be subject to the relevant Payment Event having 
occurred and the Issuer having actually received the corresponding payment under the 
Series Specific Loans. 
9.  
PRINCIPAL REDEMPTION 
9.1  
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified in these Terms and 
Conditions, each Note will be redeemed at the then Principal Amount Outstanding on the 
Maturity Date. 
9.2  
Early Redemption 
A proportion of the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Notes will be redeemed pro rata on 
each Redemption Date and at any other time any principal payment from any of the Series 
Specific Loans is received by the Issuer, without any prior notice to Noteholders. The Principal 
Amount Outstanding of the Notes redeemed will be in the same proportion as the proportion 
that the principal payment received by the Issuer has to the total principal amount outstanding 
of all the Series Specific Loans immediately before the principal payment. Any accrued but 
unpaid Interest associated to that proportion of the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Notes 
being redeemed will be paid at the same time. For the avoidance of doubt if the Principal 
Amount Outstanding of the Notes is redeemed, the nominal amount of each Note (as specified 
in Final Terms) is constant and remains unchanged. 
Any repayment of the Principal Amount Outstanding will be made only in accordance 
with Conditions 7, 11 and 25, and will be subject to the relevant Payment Event having 
occurred and the Issuer having actually received the corresponding payment under the 
Series Specific Loans. 
10.  
INTEREST AND PRINCIPAL DETERMINATION  
10.1 
Mintos determines (a) the amount of Interest and the Late Payment Interest (if any) payable in 
accordance with Condition 8 for each Interest Payment Date and (b) the amount of principal 
payable in accordance with Condition 9 on each Redemption Date and the Maturity Date, on 
its review of the following information: 
(i) 
the Payment Events which have arisen;  
(ii) 
aggregate payment amounts paid by the Borrowers, which have been received from 
the Lending Company;  
(iii)  
the Buyback Obligation and Repurchase which have arisen; and  
(iv) 
the amounts then due and owed by the Issuer according to the Priority of Payments on 
the Interest Payment Date, the Redemption Date or the Maturity Date. 
10.2 
On each Interest Payment Date, each Redemption Date and the Maturity Date, Mintos on the 
Issuer's behalf will direct the payment of Interest and principal amounts to the Noteholders in

--- Page 64 ---
63 
 
 
accordance with Condition 11.  
10.3 
If after application of the Priority of Payments the Issuer has insufficient funds on any Interest 
Payment Date, any Redemption Date or the Maturity Date to make a payment of Interest or 
principal in full as required by Conditions 8 and 9, on behalf of the Issuer, Mintos at its sole 
discretion may decide that the Issuer pays part of the amount due or defers the payment until 
the full amount due is available, and such partial payment or deferral will not constitute an Event 
of Default under these Terms and Conditions. 
10.4 
All determinations, calculations and adjustments made by Mintos will be made in conjunction 
with the Issuer and will, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive in all respects and 
binding upon the Issuer and all Noteholders. 
11.  
PAYMENTS 
11.1 
Payments of Interest and principal  
Subject to Conditions 7 and 12, the Issuer will, from any Available Distribution Amount: 
(a) 
pay the Interest on the Notes in accordance with Condition 8 on each Interest Payment 
Date; and 
(b) 
redeem the Notes in accordance with Condition 9 on each Redemption Date and the 
Maturity Date. 
11.2 
Notes contingent payments 
All payments of Interest and principal by the Issuer under the Notes are dependent on the 
Issuer having received information on the Payment Event and the Available Distribution Amount 
being sufficient to make the relevant payments in accordance with the Priority of Payments. 
The Notes will not give rise to the Issuer having any payment obligation in excess of the 
foregoing. 
Any overdue payment of Interest or principal under any of the Series Specific Loans that have 
been collected by the Lending Company (including by its external debt collection agency) will 
be paid to the Issuer as an Available Distribution Amount which will be paid in accordance with 
the Priority of Payments on the date determined by the Issuer at its sole discretion.  
11.3 
Pending Payments Penalty Fee 
If, following any Payment Event, the Lending Company delays any payments due to the Issuer 
under any of the Transaction Documents by more than 10 days, the Lending Company will pay 
to the Issuer the Pending Payments Penalty Fee.  
11.4 
Loan extension  
The Lending Company may modify any of the Series Specific Loans without approval of the 
Issuer and the Noteholders, provided that payments from the relevant Borrower remain 
unchanged. 
If ‘Extension possibility’ is provided in the Final Terms, the Lending Company may extend the 
repayment schedule of one or more Series Specific Loans by changing the Loan Interest 
Payment Date, the Loan Repayment Date and/or the Loan Final Repayment Date without the

--- Page 65 ---
64 
 
 
consent of the Issuer or the Noteholders provided that (a) there is no event of default under any 
of the Series Specific Loans, (b) any change is restricted by ‘Limit on the number of Extensions’ 
and ‘Total maximum time limit of Extensions’ as specified in the Final Terms and (c) any change 
is notified on the Platform to the Noteholders.  
The Lending Company may also extend the repayment schedule of one or more Series Specific 
Loans by changing the Loan Interest Payment Date, the Loan Repayment Date and/or the Loan 
Final Repayment Date without the consent of the Issuer or the Noteholders to comply with any 
new law or regulation, amendment of any existing law or regulation, or any decision of any 
government or municipal provided that any change is notified on the Platform to the Noteholders 
11.5 
Loan Receivables subject to Buyback Obligation or Repurchase 
Any Loan Receivable subject to the Buyback Obligation or Repurchase will be repurchased by 
the Lending Company at a price equal to the outstanding principal amount of the Loan 
Receivable together with any accrued but unpaid Interest and any Late Payment Interest up to 
(but excluding) the repurchase date. 
11.6 
Insufficient funds on the Maturity Date 
If any amounts on the Notes are outstanding on the Maturity Date, the Maturity Date will be 
automatically postponed to the date that is the earlier of (a) the date on which all amounts due 
and payable under the Notes are paid and (b) the date referred to in Condition 11.7, and Interest 
will not accrue on the Notes (other than Pending Payments Penalty Fee, if applicable) and any 
Available Distribution Amount will be paid to the Noteholders on a date as reasonably 
determined by the Issuer in accordance with the Priority of Payments. 
11.7 
After the Maturity Date 
If on any date following the Maturity Date: 
(a) 
Mintos concludes following notification in writing from the Lending Company to the 
Issuer and Mintos and by API that the Lending Company has determined in good faith 
that there is no realistic prospect of collecting any further funds in accordance with its 
loan management and collection policies from the Series Specific Loans which are not 
subject to the Buyback Obligation nor Repurchase; or  
(b) 
the Issuer and Mintos determines in good faith that there is no realistic prospect of 
collecting any further funds from the Lending Company if the Series Specific Loans are 
subject to the Buyback Obligation and/or Repurchase but the Issuer has not received 
the full amount due from the Buyback Obligation or Repurchase or, if earlier, on the 
10th anniversary of the Maturity Date, 
as of that date (i) all the Notes outstanding will be cancelled in full, (ii) the Issuer will be deemed 
to have fulfilled all its payment and other obligations to each of the Noteholders and (iii) no 
Noteholder will have any right in respect of any of the Notes. 
11.8 
Payments to the Noteholders 
Any payments of Interest and redemption amounts in respect of the Notes will be made to the 
relevant Investment Account.

--- Page 66 ---
65 
 
 
11.9 
Taxes 
All payments and/or deliveries in respect of the Notes made by or on behalf of the Issuer will 
be made subject to any withholding or deduction for any taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature which may be required to be withheld or deducted.  
The Issuer or Mintos will: 
(a) 
not be liable as a result for, or otherwise obliged to pay, any additional amount to any 
of the Noteholders in respect of, or compensation for, any such withholding or 
deduction or any other amounts withheld or deducted; 
(b) 
not be liable for or otherwise obliged to pay, and the relevant Noteholder will be liable 
for and/or pay, any tax, duty, charge, withholding or other payment whatsoever which 
may arise as a result of, or in connection with, the ownership, any transfer (or 
agreement to transfer), any payment and/or any delivery (or any agreement for 
delivery) in respect of the Notes held by such Noteholder; and 
(c) 
have the right but will not be obliged (unless required by law), to withhold or deduct 
from any amount payable or, as the case may be, any delivery due to the relevant 
Noteholder, such amount or portion as will be necessary to account for or to pay any 
such tax, duty, charge, withholding or other payment. 
The Noteholders will agree to provide the Issuer and/or Mintos with all information and 
documentation required by the Issuer and/or Mintos, as the case may be, to satisfy any Latvian 
or other country tax or regulatory obligations at any time. 
11.10 
Payments on Business Days 
If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Notes is not a Business Day, the 
Noteholder will not be entitled to payment of the amount due until the next succeeding Business 
Day in such place and will not be entitled to any further interest or other payment in respect of 
any such delay. 
12.  
LIMITED RECOURSE AND NON-PETITION 
12.1 
Notwithstanding anything in the Base Prospectus, the obligations of the Issuer in respect of the 
Notes are limited recourse obligations which are payable solely from the sums of principal, 
Interest, other return and additional amounts (if any) actually received (and identified as such) 
in relation to the Series Specific Loans. 
12.2 
All payments to be made by the Issuer in respect of the Notes will be made only from and to 
the extent of the sums received or recovered from time to time by or on behalf of the Issuer 
under the Series Specific Loans, subject always to the Priority of Payments. 
12.3 
In relation to any sums received or recovered, the Issuer (or Mintos on its behalf) will follow 
these Terms and Conditions in determining to which Series of Notes such sums relate and such 
determination will be binding on Noteholders of all Series in the absence of manifest error. 
12.4 
To the extent that the sums referred to in Condition 12.1 are less than the amount which the 
Noteholders may have expected and been entitled to receive (such difference being referred to 
as the shortfall), the shortfall will be borne by the Noteholders.

--- Page 67 ---
66 
 
 
12.5 
Each Noteholder, on subscribing or buying any Note directly, through a portfolio management 
service of the Platform or any other way, irrevocably accept and acknowledge that it is fully 
aware that: 
(a) 
only the sums referred to in this Condition 12, and Conditions 7 and 11 will be available 
for any payments to be made by the Issuer in respect of the Notes; 
(b) 
the sums which are attributable to another Series of Notes are only available in 
satisfaction of the obligations of the Issuer to such Noteholders; 
(c) 
the obligations of the Issuer to make payments in respect of the Notes will be limited to 
the sums and the Noteholders will have no recourse to the Issuer, Mintos or their 
respective shareholders, directors, officers, employees, affiliates, successors or 
assigns in respect of the Notes for the shortfall; 
(d) 
no Noteholder is entitled to proceed against the Issuer or Mintos for the shortfall; 
(e) 
following the realisation and distribution of the net proceeds from the Loan Receivable 
corresponding to the Series Specific Loan in accordance with the Priority of Payments, 
the Noteholders or anyone acting on behalf of any of them will not be entitled to take 
any further steps against the Issuer or Mintos to recover any further sum and the right 
to receive any such further sum will be deemed as fulfilled; and 
(f) 
no Noteholder will be entitled to petition or take any other step or join with any other 
person in bringing, instituting or joining, insolvency, winding-up, liquidation or 
bankruptcy proceedings (whether court-based or otherwise), or for the appointment of 
an examiner, liquidator or analogous person in relation to the Issuer, nor will it have 
any claim to, or in respect of any sum arising in respect of any assets of the Issuer. 
12.6 
Non-payment of the shortfall referred to in this Condition 12 will not constitute an Event of 
Default. 
12.7 
None of the shareholders of the Issuer, Mintos, the Lending Company, the Guarantor or the 
Backup Servicer (if any) has any obligation to any Noteholder for payment of any amount by 
the Issuer in respect of the Notes. 
12.8 
The provisions of this Condition 12 will survive redemption of the Notes. 
13.  
PURCHASE 
13.1 
The Issuer may at any time purchase Notes at any price in the open market or otherwise.  
13.2  
Any Note purchased by the Issuer on the sole discretion of the Issuer may be either cancelled 
or sold to any investor on behalf of the Issuer by Mintos.  
14.  
CANCELLATION 
All Notes which are redeemed or cancelled may not be re-issued or resold. 
15.  
PRESCRIPTION 
Any and all claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes will be prescribed and 
become void unless made within 10 years from the date on which payment in respect of the

--- Page 68 ---
67 
 
 
Notes first becomes due. 
16.  
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders create and issue 
further Series and further tranches of existing Series of Notes. A further tranche of an existing 
Series will: 
(a) 
be fungible with the Notes of that existing Series; 
(b) 
have the same terms and conditions as the Notes of that Series except for the 
Aggregate Nominal Amount, the Issue Date, the Issue Price, the Interest Accrual 
Periods, the first Interest Payment Date and the first Redemption Date; and 
(c) 
be consolidated and form a single Series with that existing Series of Notes, and 
references in these Terms and Conditions to Notes will be construed accordingly. 
17.  
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
17.1 
Any of the following events will constitute an event of default under the Notes (each, an Event 
of Default): 
(a) 
if any order is made by any competent court or any resolution passed for the winding- 
up or dissolution (including any bankruptcy, insolvency, voluntary, forced or judicial 
liquidation, composition with creditors, a reprieve from payment, controlled 
management, fraudulent conveyance, general settlement with creditors or 
reorganisation proceedings or similar proceedings affecting the rights of creditors 
generally) of the Issuer (save for the purposes of amalgamation, merger, consolidation, 
reorganisation or other similar arrangements); or  
(b) 
formal notice is given of an appointment an administrator (including any receiver, 
liquidator, auditor, verifier), provisional administrator; or  
(c) 
any application is made, or petition is lodged, or documents are filed with the court or 
administrator in relation to the Issuer for the actions, proceeding or procedures 
specified in paragraphs (a) or (b) above, unless such proceedings or petitions are 
disputed in good faith and are discharged, stayed or dismissed within 90 calendar days 
of commencement. 
17.2 
The Issuer is obliged to inform Mintos immediately if any Event of Default should occur. Should 
Mintos not receive such information, Mintos is entitled to assume that no Event of Default exists 
or can be expected to occur, provided that Mintos does not have knowledge of any Event of 
Default. Mintos is under no obligation to make any investigations relating to any Event of 
Default. The Issuer will, at the request of Mintos, provide Mintos with details of any Event of 
Default and provide Mintos with all documents that may be of significance for the application of 
this Condition 17. 
17.3  
If Mintos has been notified by the Issuer or has otherwise determined that there is an Event of 
Default, Mintos will, within 20 Business Days of the day of notification or determination, notify 
the Noteholders according to Condition 20.  
17.4 
Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, Notes are repaid according to the terms and 
conditions stipulated by this Base Prospectus and relevant Series Final Terms, unless

--- Page 69 ---
68 
 
 
otherwise required by a rule of the law. 
17.5 
Mintos, subject to the Noteholders indemnifying and holding Mintos harmless from any 
reasonable expenses, loss or liability, will take every reasonable measure necessary to recover 
the amounts outstanding under the Notes according to their terms and conditions and 
Transaction Documents. Mintos will in each case inform the Noteholders about the costs which 
should be compensated prior to requesting any indemnification. In any case Mintos will charge 
this compensation of costs only up to the recovered amount. Mintos will not ask for 
compensation of costs for its in-house staff and resources.  
17.6 
For the avoidance of doubt, if any payment is not made by the Issuer because the Issuer has 
not received the relevant amounts under the Series Specific Loans so that the Available 
Distribution Amount after application of the Priority of Payments is not enough to make 
payments due under the Notes in full, the occurrence of such event will, as such, not constitute 
an Event of Default. 
18.  
MEETING OF NOTEHOLDERS  
18.1 
General provisions  
The Issuer from time to time may convene a meeting of the Noteholders (the Noteholders 
Meeting) to adopt resolutions on certain matters. The Issuer at its own discretion decides which 
matters will be reserved for passing at the Noteholders Meeting.  
These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who 
did not attend and vote at the Noteholders Meeting or in respect of the relevant resolution and 
Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. As a result, Noteholders may be 
bound by a change to these Terms and Conditions or by some other decision that affects 
Noteholders' investment in the Notes even though they have not agreed to such change.  
The Noteholders Meeting may adopt its resolutions in one of the two forms as chosen by the 
Issuer:  
(a)  
at a meeting held by attendance of the Noteholders to discuss the items on the agenda 
and pass resolutions on the matters put to the vote using ballots provided; or 
(b)  
by absentee voting (without attendance of the Noteholders to discuss the items on the 
agenda and pass resolutions on the matters put to the vote). 
The Noteholders Meeting will be chaired, and minutes taken by a representative of Mintos.  
18.2  
Resolutions of the Noteholders Meeting 
Matters put to the vote at a Noteholders Meeting and its agenda will be decided by the Issuer. 
The Noteholders may neither pass resolutions on the matters not included in its agenda nor 
amend the agenda. 
Resolutions passed by the Noteholders Meeting and voting results will be provided to the 
persons eligible to participate in the Noteholders Meeting in a report, which will be disclosed to 
the Noteholders as per the procedure prescribed with regard to sending notices of the 
Noteholders Meeting, within 5 Business Days after the closing date of the meeting or the final 
date for submitting the voting ballots in case of absentee voting. However, the failure to do so

--- Page 70 ---
69 
 
 
will not invalidate the resolution. 
The resolution will be binding on all the Noteholders, whether or not present at the Noteholders 
Meeting and each of them will be bound to give effect to it accordingly.  
18.3  
Information on holding a Noteholders Meeting 
The Issuer will notify the Noteholders about the Noteholders Meeting in accordance with the 
procedure below.  
A notice of the Noteholders Meeting (the Notice) will be given according to Condition 20 no 
later than 10 days in advance.  
The Notice will be given to the Noteholders registered on the date of the Notice in the electronic 
register of Noteholders maintained by Mintos. 
The Issuer may decide not to publish the Notice on the Platform. In such a case within the time 
specified in this Condition 18.3 the Issuer will send the Notice to the Noteholders by email. 
The Issuer may at its own discretion make available information to the Noteholders entitled to 
participate in the Noteholders Meeting as part of preparations for the Noteholders Meeting.  
18.4  
Quorum at a Noteholders Meeting  
A Noteholders Meeting will be deemed quorate if attended by Noteholders aggregately holding 
more than 50% of: 
(a) 
the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of all Series of Notes towards the Lending 
Company on the date of the Notice if the decision is related towards all Series of Notes 
outstanding; or 
(b) 
the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the relevant Series of Notes on the date 
of the Notice if the decision is related towards the relevant Series of Notes outstanding. 
The number of votes for each Noteholder equals the Principal Amount Outstanding in the 
respective Series on the date of the Notice. 
When a Noteholders Meeting is held by attendance of the Noteholders to discuss the items on 
the agenda and pass resolutions on the matters put to the vote, the Noteholders registered to 
participate in the Noteholders Meeting and the Noteholders whose ballots have been received 
no later than 2 days before the meeting will be deemed to have participated in the meeting.  
When a Noteholders Meeting is held in the form of absentee voting, the Noteholders whose 
ballots have been received before the final date for submitting the ballots will be deemed to 
have participated in the meeting.  
Where there is no quorum for a Noteholders Meeting, a second Noteholders Meeting will be 
held with the same agenda. Such second Noteholders Meeting will be deemed quorate if 
attended by Noteholders aggregately holding more than 30% of: 
(a) 
the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of all Series of Notes towards the Lending 
Company on the date of the Notice if the decision is related towards all Series of Notes 
outstanding; or

--- Page 71 ---
70 
 
 
(b) 
the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the relevant Series of Notes on the date 
of the Notice if the decision is related towards the relevant Series of Notes outstanding. 
Subject to the quorum being present, the decisions on the Noteholders Meeting agenda will be 
adopted per each item of the agenda by the majority from the total amount of votes provided. 
18.5 
Voting ballots 
Ballots for voting at a Noteholders Meeting will be sent together with the Notice according to 
Condition 18.3.  
Ballots for voting will be in the English language.  
Voting could be convened as an e-voting through filling-out an electronic voting ballot through 
the interface of the Platform. 
Noteholders included in the list of those entitled to participate in the Noteholders Meeting other 
than the Noteholders Meeting held in the form of absentee voting, or their representatives, may 
register to participate or forward their completed ballots to the Issuer. Voting ballots will be 
counted towards the calculation of the quorum and voting results if received by the company 
no later than 2 days before the Noteholders Meeting. 
The voting ballot will contain the information about the Noteholders Meeting including but not 
limited to:  
- 
information about the Issuer, including address and contact person; 
- 
details identifying the Series of Notes; 
- 
form of the Noteholders Meeting (attendance or by absentee voting); 
- 
date, place and time of the Noteholders Meeting if it is held in the form of attendance 
of the Noteholders; 
- 
Principal Amount Outstanding; and 
- 
voting options for each item on the agenda, expressed as “for”, “against”, or 
“abstained”, and the indication that the voting ballot must be signed by a person entitled 
to participate in the Noteholders Meeting or its representative unless convened by e-
voting. 
When voting by ballots, only those voting ballots are counted where for each item only one 
voting option is selected. The voting ballots completed in breach of the aforementioned 
requirement will be deemed invalid. However, if there are several items put to the vote on the 
voting ballot, breach of the aforementioned requirement with respect to one or several items 
will not affect the validity of the remaining ballot. If a voting ballot is rendered invalid with respect 
to voting on one, several or all items included in such ballot, the votes so cast in such ballot will 
not be excluded from the calculation of the quorum. If a voting ballot is rendered invalid, the 
votes on the items contained in the voting ballot will not be counted. 
18.6 
Counting  
The counting functions will be performed by Mintos, which will check the powers of, and register

--- Page 72 ---
71 
 
 
the participants in a Noteholders Meeting, determine the quorum at a Noteholders Meeting, 
count the votes and determine the voting results, draw up the voting minutes and hand over 
the voting ballots to the archive. 
19.  
SUBSTITUTION 
19.1 
The Issuer or any previous substitute company may be substituted by any other company as 
principal obligor under all of the Notes then outstanding provided that such substitution would 
not be materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders and subject to the other Terms 
and Conditions being complied with, including with provisions of the Transaction Documents, 
and further provided that Latvijas Banka has given its prior consent to such substitution if any 
needed according to the applicable law. 
19.2 
By subscribing to, or otherwise acquiring, the Notes, the Noteholders expressly consent to the 
substitution of the Issuer and to the release of the Issuer from any and all obligations in respect 
of the Notes and any relevant agreements and are expressly deemed to have accepted such 
substitution and the consequences of such substitution. 
19.3 
Any such substitution will be notified to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 20. 
20.  
NOTICES AND PROVISION OF INFORMATION 
20.1  
Notices to the Noteholders will be given upon sole discretion of the Issuer in the English 
language and/or any other language the Issuer deems fit for such purposes and will be given 
by using one or several communication channels: 
(a) 
emailed to respective email addresses in the register of Noteholders and deemed to 
have been given within 24 hours after the dispatch; and 
(b) 
delivered to Mintos for further communication to the Noteholder according to the 
services provision agreement between Mintos and the Noteholder (including times 
when deemed to have been duly given). 
20.2 
Any notices, demands, claims or other communication to the Issuer by any Noteholder will be 
in the English language and will be given by using one of the following communication channels:  
(a)  
delivered by hand or courier and deemed to have been given on the same day of 
delivery; and 
(b) 
delivered by registered mail and deemed to have been given on the 10th calendar day 
following the date indicated on the stamp by the postal service provider on the 
acceptance of a registered letter. 
20.3.  
For the purposes of Condition 20.2 notices or other communications addressed to the Issuer 
will be given to Mintos, serving as an agent for this purpose: 
AS Mintos Marketplace 
50 Skanstes Street, Riga, LV-1013, Latvia 
For the attention of SIA Mintos Finance No.54.  
21.  
AGENTS 
21.1  
Mintos acts solely as an agent of the Issuer and does not assume any obligation or duty to, or

--- Page 73 ---
72 
 
 
any relationship of agency or trust for or with, any Noteholder. 
21.2  
The Issuer subject to the provisions of the Transaction Documents reserves the right at any 
time to vary or terminate the appointment of Mintos, the Lending Company and any other party 
to any of the Transaction Documents. 
22.  
FORCE MAJEURE 
Neither the Issuer nor Mintos will be responsible for any failure to perform any of its respective 
obligations under these Terms and Conditions which is due to any reason that is independent 
of that person’s will and has resulted from a force majeure event. A force majeure event will 
apply only and solely if that person has taken all steps that depend on it in order to perform the 
obligation. Once the force majeure event has finished, that person must immediately resume 
the performance of the obligation. The following circumstances will be considered as force 
majeure events: 
(a) 
extraordinary and unavoidable circumstances including natural disasters, fire, flood, 
earthquake, warfare, terror acts, riots and strikes; 
(b) 
technical failures, delays or malfunctions; failure of computers, communications 
systems, hardware and/or software; power supply malfunctions; or other critical 
infrastructure malfunctions, which neither the Issuer nor Mintos could have prevented 
or predicted; 
(c) 
decisions and/or activities of local and/or foreign public authorities, and/or international 
organisations; 
(d) 
entry into force, amendments and/or suspension of a statutory act binding on either the 
issuer or Mintos affecting the performance of obligations under these Terms and 
Conditions; and 
(e) 
any circumstance defined as a force majeure circumstance in any of the Transaction 
Documents. 
23.  
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
23.1 
The Notes (and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes) 
are governed by and will be construed in accordance with the law of the Republic of Latvia. 
23.2 
The courts of the Republic of Latvia are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may 
arise out of or in connection with the Notes (including any disputes relating to any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes) and accordingly any legal 
action or proceedings arising out of or in conjunction with the Notes may be brought in such 
courts. The Issuer and each of the Noteholders irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of such 
courts. 
24.  
AMENDMENTS AND MODIFICATIONS 
To comply with any applicable law, the Issuer may validly amend or supplement these Terms 
and Conditions by publishing the changed Terms and Conditions on the Platform without the 
consent of the Noteholders.

--- Page 74 ---
73 
 
 
25.  
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY, AND REPRESENTATION AND WARRANTIES OF THE 
NOTEHOLDER  
25.1 
Notwithstanding anything in the Base Prospectus, other than with respect to gross negligence 
or wilful misconduct by the Issuer and/or Mintos, neither the Issuer nor Mintos will be held liable 
by any Noteholder for: 
(a)  
any material error, misrepresentation, omission or fraud by the Lending Company; 
(b)  
failure of the Lending Company for whatever reason to inform the Issuer and/or Mintos 
of the Payment Event having occurred or for the information being inaccurate or wrong; 
(c) 
the Loan Receivables; or 
(d) 
determinations and decisions when distributing amounts under the Notes, including, 
when applying the Priority of Payments, deciding whether to defer payment or make a 
partial payment, relying upon or deciding if and when there is no realistic prospect of 
collecting further funds under a Series Specific Loan, including in the event of default 
of the Lending Company. 
25.2  
In any and all cases liability of the Issuer and/or Mintos to any Noteholder under these Terms 
and Conditions will be limited to the amount invested in the impacted Notes by the Noteholder. 
25.3 
Each Noteholder, on subscribing or buying any Note directly, through a portfolio management 
service of the Platform or any other way, irrevocably accept and acknowledge that it is fully 
aware that: 
(a) 
the Issuer and Mintos do not make any representation or warranty in respect of, or will 
not at any time have any responsibility for, or, save as otherwise expressly provided in 
these Terms and Conditions, liability or obligation in respect of the performance and 
observance by any Borrower of its obligations under the relevant Series Specific Loan, 
the Lending Company of its obligations under the Cooperation Agreement, the 
Guarantor of its obligations under the Guarantee Agreement and/or by the pledgor of 
its obligations under the pledge agreement, or the recoverability of any sum of the 
principal, Interest, other return or any additional amounts  due or to become due from 
any Borrower, the Lending Company, the Guarantor and/or the pledgor; 
(b) 
the Issuer and Mintos will not at any time have any responsibility for, or obligation or 
liability in respect of, the condition, financial or otherwise, covenant, creditworthiness, 
affairs, status or nature of any Borrower, the Lending Company, the Guarantor, the 
pledgor or any other person; 
(c) 
the Issuer and Mintos will not at any time be liable for any representation or warranty, 
or any act, default or omission of any Borrower, the Lending Company, the Guarantor, 
the pledgor or other person; 
(d) 
the Issuer will not at any time have any responsibility for, or liability or obligation in 
respect of, the performance and observance by Mintos of its obligations under the 
Transaction Documents or any other agreement entered or to be entered into by and 
between the Noteholders and Mintos;  
(e) 
financial servicing and performance of the terms of the Notes depend upon both the 
performance by each Borrower of its obligations under the Series Specific Loan, its

--- Page 75 ---
74 
 
 
duties to make payments under the Series Specific Loan and its credit and financial 
standing, and the performance by the Lending Company, the Guarantor and/or the 
pledgor of their respective contractual obligations towards the Issuer and Mintos as 
well as their respective credit and financial standing; 
(f) 
the Notes, which the Noteholder has or will acquire, reflect the performance of the 
relevant Series Specific Loans. The Noteholder has no direct recourse to any of the 
Series Specific Loans or the corresponding Loan Receivables. Once the Loan 
Receivables have been realised according to these Terms and Conditions, the 
Noteholder is not entitled to take any further steps against the Issuer or Mintos to 
recover any further sums due and the right to receive any such sum will be 
extinguished. The Noteholder accepts not to attach or otherwise seize any of the assets 
of the Issuer. In particular, the Noteholder will not be entitled to petition or take any step 
for the winding-up, the liquidation or the bankruptcy of the Issuer or any similar 
insolvency-related proceedings and such petition or action will be treated as null and 
void as from its initiation time; and 
(g) 
the Investment Accounts will be opened and be held by the Noteholder fully operational 
with Mintos while the Noteholder holds any Notes.

--- Page 76 ---
75 
 
 
11. TAXATION 
The information provided in this section will not be treated as legal or tax advice; and prospective 
investors are advised to consult their own tax advisors as to the tax consequences of the subscription, 
ownership and disposal of the Notes applicable to their particular circumstances. The following is a 
general summary of certain tax considerations in the Republic of Latvia in relation to the Notes. It is not 
exhaustive and does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax consequences relating to the Notes, 
as well as does not take into account or discuss the tax implications of any country other than the 
Republic of Latvia. 
 
Tax laws of the Noteholder’s country of residence for taxation purposes and of the Issuer’s 
country of residence may have an impact on the income received from the Notes. 
This summary is based on the laws of Latvia as in force on the date of this Base Prospectus and is 
subject to any change in the law that may take effect after such date, provided that such changes could 
apply also retroactively. 
Latvia has entered into a number of tax conventions on elimination of the double taxation (hereinafter - 
DTT), which may provide a more favourable taxation regime. Therefore, if there is a valid DTT between 
Latvia and the country of tax residence of a prospective Noteholder, it should be also examined. The 
procedures for application of tax conventions are provided in the Republic of Latvia Cabinet of Ministers’ 
Regulations No. 178 “Procedures for Application of Tax Relief Determined in International Agreements 
for Prevention of Double Taxation and Tax Evasion”, adopted on 30 April 2001.  
Taxation of the Issuer 
The Issuer is a corporate income tax payer in Latvia. According to the Latvian tax law, the annual profit 
earned by entities in Latvia is not taxed. Instead, corporate income tax is paid on dividends, fringe 
benefits, gifts, donations, representation costs, non–business related disbursements and transfer 
pricing adjustments. The tax rate applicable is 20%, however, the taxable base is divided by the 
coefficient 0.8, thus the effective Corporate income tax rate is 25%.   
Taxation of individual Noteholders 
Resident individuals 
An individual will be considered a resident of Latvia for taxation purposes if at least one of the following 
requirements is met: 
● 
the declared place of residence of this person is in Latvia; 
● 
the person stays in Latvia for at least 183 days for a period of 12 consecutive calendar months; 
● 
the person is a Latvian citizen who is employed by the government of Latvia in a foreign country.   
Following the Latvian tax laws the interest income received by the individual tax resident in Latvia is 
subject to tax at the rate of 20%. The interest income from the Notes for resident individuals will be 
subject to 20 % personal income tax that will be withheld by the Issuer before the Interest payment is 
made by the Issuer to the Noteholder. The tax withheld by the Issuer is a final tax liability on the interest 
income received.  
The income from the sale of the Notes is treated as an income similar to the interest income for Latvian 
personal income tax purposes and will be subject to 20% personal income tax and the tax is payable 
by the individual him/herself. 
Non-resident individuals 
An individual would be considered a non-resident of Latvia for taxation purposes in all cases unless 
he/she is a tax resident of Latvia. Interest income from the Notes received by the non-resident individual

--- Page 77 ---
76 
 
 
is subject to a 5% withholding tax rate for investors who invest as private persons and are tax residents 
of the EU/EEA. For other individual investors and those who have not confirmed tax residence and not 
investing as a private person 20% withholding tax rate is applied. According to the general practice the 
tax withheld in Latvia might be deducted from the tax payable by the investor in his/her residence 
country (as tax paid abroad). However, we recommend consulting with the respective country's tax 
administration or tax adviser to clarify the procedure and documents required to perform such a 
deduction (if any).  
 
The tax rate might be reduced based on the Double Tax Treaty between Latvia and the respective 
country. The list of the Double Tax Treaties concluded by Latvia is available here.  
The income from the sale of the Notes will be subject to 20% tax and the tax would be payable by the 
individual him/herself, if the buyer of the Notes is an individual or legal entity non-resident of Latvia.  
Taxation of legal entity Noteholders 
Resident legal entities 
A legal entity would be considered a resident of Latvia for tax purposes, if established pursuant to 
Latvian law. Interest payments on the Notes and proceeds from the disposal of the Notes received by 
Latvian resident legal entities will not be subject to withholding tax in Latvia. Under the Latvian tax law 
retained earnings are exempt from corporate income tax and only profit distributions are taxed. 
Distributed gross profits are subject to the 20% profit tax. Corporate income tax on the net amount of 
profit distribution is determined by dividing the net amount with a coefficient of 0.8 (i.e., the effective tax 
rate on net distributed profit is 25%).   
Non-resident legal entities 
A legal entity would be considered a non-resident of Latvia for taxation purposes in all cases unless it 
is a tax resident of Latvia. The interest income and capital gains from the sale of the Notes for non-
resident legal entities will not be taxable in Latvia (i.e. gross income will be paid), except if the income 
recipient is located, registered, or incorporated in a no-tax or low-tax country (so-called “tax havens”; if 
this is the case - 20% tax will be withheld by the Issuer in Latvia). The list of “tax havens” according to 
the Latvian law includes UK Anguilla, Antigua and Barbuda, US Guam, US Samoa, US Virgin Islands, 
Belize, Russian Federation, Commonwealth of the Bahamas, Republic of Fiji, Republic of Palau, 
Republic of Panama, Independent State of Samoa, Republic of Seychelles, UK Turks and Caicos 
Islands, Republic of Trinidad and Tobago, Republic of Vanuatu. The list of mentioned countries and 
territories may be amended from time to time.

--- Page 78 ---
77 
 
 
12. APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
 
The form of Final Terms that will be issued in respect of each Series, subject only to the deletion of non-
applicable provisions, is set out below. The completed Final Terms for each Series, which are described 
in this Base Prospectus as the "Final Terms" will be published on the website: www.mintos.com. 
 
Final Terms dated [...][...] [...] 
SIA Mintos Finance No. 54 (the “Issuer”) 
(incorporated as a limited liability company and registered in the Republic of Latvia with registration 
number: 40203572864)  
LEI: 98450041Z59BC5D73971 
Series [...] EUR [...] Notes 
relating to the Loans with the reference numbers: 
[...] 
issued by "IuteCredit Bulgaria" EOOD (Bulgaria) (the Lending Company) 
Terms used herein will be deemed to be as defined in the Base Prospectus dated [ ] [ ] 202[ ] for the 
purposes of Prospectus Regulation, in respect of Notes issued by the Issuer. This document constitutes 
the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 (4) of the Prospectus 
Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus. Full information on the Issuer 
and the offer of Notes is only available on the basis of a combination of these Final Terms and the Base 
Prospectus [as so supplemented]. The Base Prospectus [and the supplements, if any] is available for 
viewing on the website [www.mintos.com/***]. The summary of the individual issue of the Notes is 
annexed to these Final Terms as Appendix 1.  
The Base Prospectus under which the Notes specified in these Final Terms are issued, loses its validity 
on […] or by the publication of a new base prospectus for the Notes in the Programme currency related 
to the Lending Company immediately succeeding this Base Prospectus (the "New Base Prospectus") 
depending on which event occurs earlier (the "Expiry Date of the Base Prospectus"). Notwithstanding 
the above, the Notes specified in these Final Terms* shall continue to be subject to the terms and 
conditions of the Base Prospectus. From the Expiry Date of the Base Prospectus, these Final Terms 
must be read in conjunction with the New Base Prospectus. The New Base Prospectus will be available 
(no later than the Expiry Date of the Base Prospectus) on the website [https://www.mintos.com/en/]. 
 
*Notes, which Maturity Date specified in the Final Terms exceeds Expiry Date of the Base Prospectus. 
Part 1 - Contractual terms 
1.1. Information concerning the Notes to be offered to the public:  
Number 
Disclosure requirement 
Details 
1.1.1. 
Series: 
[...] 
1.1.2. 
ISIN Code: 
LV[...] 
1.1.3. 
Specified Currency: 
[...] 
1.1.4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[...]

--- Page 79 ---
78 
 
 
1.1.5. 
Specified Denominations: 
The Series Aggregate Nominal Amount is divided 
into [...] Notes. 
  
Nominal amount of the Note is [...]. 
1.1.6. 
Issue Price: 
100% of the Notes nominal amount 
1.1.7. 
Offer Price of one Note: 
[...] or Principal Amount Outstanding of one Note 
1.1.8. 
Issue Date: 
[...] 
1.1.9. 
Maturity Date: 
[...] 
1.1.10. 
Interest Rate: 
[...]% per annum 
1.1.11. 
Interest Accrual Periods:         
   From the Notes purchase date up to, but not 
including the Loan Interest Payment Date for the 
first Interest payment. 
From the previous Loan Interest Payment Date up 
to, but not including the next Loan Interest 
Payment Date or Loan Repayment Date for the 
last Interest payment 
1.1.12. 
Interest Payment Date (s): 
Up to 10 Business Days after the corresponding 
Loan Interest Payment Date (1.2.20.) and subject 
to the actual receipt by the Issuer of the relevant 
payment in relation to the Loan from the Lending 
Company 
1.1.13. 
Redemption Date (s): 
Up to 10 Business Days after the corresponding 
Loan Repayment Date (1.2.20.) and subject to the 
actual receipt by the Issuer of the relevant 
payment in relation to the Loan from the Lending 
Company  
1.1.14. 
Indication of Yield: 
[...]% per annum 
1.1.15. 
Buyback Obligation: 
YES 
1.1.16. 
Pending Payments Penalty Fee: 
[...]%

--- Page 80 ---
79 
 
 
1.2. Information relating to the Series Specific Loans 
Information relevant to the pool of Series Specific Loans   
Number 
Disclosure requirement 
Details 
1.2.1. 
Loan type: 
[...] 
1.2.2. 
Loan disbursement currency: 
[...] 
1.2.3. 
Total outstanding principal amount 
of Series Specific Loans transferred 
to the Issuer:  
  
[...] 
1.2.4. 
Series Specific Loans Interest rate 
(%): 
[...] 
1.2.5. 
Late Payment Interest (%): 
[...] 
1.2.6. 
Grace Period: 
[...] days 
1.2.7. 
Amortization method: 
[...] 
1.2.8. 
Extension possibility: 
[...] 
1.2.9. 
Limit on the number of Extensions: 
[...] 
1.2.10. 
Total 
maximum 
time 
limit 
of 
Extensions: 
[...] calendar days as of the Loan Final Repayment 
Date 
1.2.11. 
Skin in the game retained by the 
Lending Company (%): 
Lending Company retains the skin in the game in 
the amount of [...]% from the Loan outstanding 
principal amount.

--- Page 81 ---
80 
 
 
Information on the Series Specific Loans  
1.2.12. Loan ID 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
1.2.13. Outstanding principal amount 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
1.2.14. Final Repayment Date* 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
1.2.15. Initial Loan-to-Value (LTV) (%) 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
1.2.16. Current Loan-to-Value (LTV) (%) 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
1.2.17. Borrower's details 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
1.2.18. Collateral provided by the Borrower to 
the Lending Company 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
1.2.19. Collateral description 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
*Unless the early Loan repayment and/or the Loan term extension takes place. For more information, please see Section 10 “Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes” in the Base Prospectus. 
1.2.20. Loan Interest Payment Dates and Loan Repayment Dates and amounts 
Loan ID 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
Loan Repayment Date and 
Loan Interest Payment Date 
Principal 
/ 
Interest 
Principal / 
Interest 
Principal / 
interest 
Principal 
/ 
Interest 
Principal / 
Interest 
Principal / 
Interest 
Principal / 
Interest 
Principal / 
Interest 
Principal 
/ 
Interest 
Principal / 
Interest 
[...] 
[...] / [...] 
[...] / [...] 
[...] / [...] 
[...] / [...] 
[...] / [...] 
[...] / [...] 
[...] / [...] 
[...] / [...] 
[...] / [...] 
[...] / [...]

--- Page 82 ---
81 
 
 
Part 2 - Responsibility and authorisation  
The Management Board of the Issuer: 
Title Name, surname 
Chairman of the Management Board Martins Sulte 
Member of the Management Board Martins Valters 
accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms which, when read together 
with the Base Prospectus referred to above, contains all information that is material to the issue of the 
Notes. 
 
The information provided in the elements 1.2. above has been sourced from "IuteCredit Bulgaria" EOOD 
(the “Lending Company”). Hereby the Issuer confirms that this information has been accurately 
reproduced according to the process of information exchange via API, provided in the Transaction 
Documents and that as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information provided by 
the Lending Company, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading. For the aforesaid limitation of the Issuer's and Mintos liability provided in the 
Subsection 10.25. “Limitation of a Liability” in the Base Prospectus applies. 
This Notes Series issue is authorised by [...] of the Issuer, Minutes No. [...] as of [...] [...] 202[...]