--- Page 2 ---
1 
 
Dated 01.11.2024 
SIA Mintos Finance No. 55  
(incorporated as a limited liability company and registered in the Republic of Latvia with registration 
number 40203593334 and LEI: 984500N11BE8R8F5A370) 
 
EUR 50 000 000 Real Estate Securities Programme  
Under this Programme, the Issuer may from time to time issue Real Estate Securities denominated in any 
currency as determined by the Issuer. The Real Estate Securities will be distributed by way of a public 
offer. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of the Real Estate Securities, interest (if any) payable in respect 
of the Real Estate Securities, the issue price of the Real Estate Securities and any other terms and 
conditions applicable to the Real Estate Securities and not contained in this Base Prospectus will be set 
out in the applicable Final Terms. 
Real Estate Securities will be issued in registered form. The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all 
Real Estate Securities from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed EUR 50 000 
000 (fifty million euro) (or its equivalent in other currencies). 
Any payment under the Real Estate Securities is dependent on, and limited to, the underlying assets. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the NCA, as competent authority 
under the Prospectus Regulation. The NCA has only approved this Base Prospectus as meeting the 
standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. 
This approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the Notes that 
are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the 
appropriateness and suitability of investing in the Real Estate Securities.  
The public offer of the Real Estate Securities is made in Latvia, France, Germany, Italy, Poland, 
Netherlands, Czech Republic, Belgium, Austria, Portugal and Spain under this Base Prospectus.  
During the validity period of this Base Prospectus the Issuer plans to request that the NCA provides 
competent authorities under the Prospectus Regulation in Bulgaria, Croatia, Republic of Cyprus, 
Denmark, Estonia, Finland, Greece, Hungary, Iceland, Ireland, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, 
Malta, Norway, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia and Sweden with a certificate of approval attesting that this 
Base Prospectus has been drawn up following the Prospectus Regulation. When such a certificate shall 
be obtained it will be permitted to make the public offer under this Base Prospectus in other Member 
States, and the Issuer shall ensure that Mintos provides information about it on the Platform. Such 
certificate, if and when received, should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality 
of the Notes. 
This Base Prospectus will be valid for a period of up to 12 months after its approval by the NCA. In the 
event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to information included in this 
Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Real Estate Securities, the Issuer 
will prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection 
with any subsequent issue of Notes. The obligation to prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or 
publish a new Base Prospectus in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy 
will cease to apply upon the expiry of the validity period of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 3 ---
2 
 
The principal risk factors that may affect the abilities of the Issuer to fulfil its obligations under 
the Real Estate Securities are discussed in the section entitled ‘2. RISK FACTORS’ of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Capitalised terms used in this Base Prospectus have the meaning given to them in the section entitled 
‘GLOSSARY’ of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 4 ---
3 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 
GLOSSARY 
4 
1. 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
7 
2. 
RISK FACTORS 
9 
3. 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
19 
4. 
TRANSACTION OVERVIEW 
22 
5. 
THE ISSUER 
31 
6. 
MINTOS 
33 
7. 
THE PROPERTY ENTITY  
35 
8. 
THE BONDS  
37 
9. 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
38 
10. 
TAXATION 
54 
11. 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
56

--- Page 5 ---
4 
 
GLOSSARY 
API 
application programming interface to exchange and transmit information and 
data in a structured form between the Issuer and Mintos. 
Base Prospectus 
this base prospectus. 
Bonds 
bonds issued by the Property Entity and held by the Issuer as an asset backed 
security for the Notes. 
Bonds’ 
Documents 
the Subscription Agreement and Terms and Conditions of the Bonds. 
Bonds’ 
Receivables 
the interest payable on the Bonds. The Bonds will bear interest at a rate 
indicated in the Final Terms, subject to conditions of the Subscription 
Agreement. The interest on the Bonds will be calculated and payable according 
to the Bonds’ Documents. 
Cooperation 
Agreement 
the cooperation agreement between the Issuer, the Property Entity and Mintos, 
in relation to the Notes. 
Final Terms 
any duly completed final terms in the form set out in section 11 of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Investment 
Accounts  
the separate accounts at Mintos of the Investor. 
Investor 
a person registered and accepted on the Platform as an investor. 
Issuer 
SIA Mintos Finance No. 55, registered on 04.10.2024, with the registration 
number: 40203593334, registered address: Skanstes street 52, Riga, LV-1013, 
a special purpose entity whose principal purpose is the issue of Notes. 
Issuer’s Account 
the cash funds account of the Issuer opened with Mintos which is used solely 
for settling payments with the Investors. 
Mintos 
AS Mintos Marketplace, a joint stock company registered in the Commercial 
Register of the Register of Enterprises of the Republic of Latvia under unified 
registration number 40103903643 on 1 June 2015, having registered address 
50 Skanstes Street, Riga, LV-1013, Latvia, an investment firm authorised by the 
NCA, which provides investment and related services to Investors through the 
Platform. 
Mintos Group 
AS Mintos Holdings, a joint stock company registered in the Commercial 
Register of the Register of Enterprises of the Republic of Latvia under unified 
registration number 40103902690 on 27 May 2015, and any of its subsidiaries.

--- Page 6 ---
5 
 
NCA 
the Bank of Latvia (in Latvian: Latvijas Banka), national competent authority and 
the competent authority supervising investment services in the Republic of 
Latvia (https://www.bank.lv), and as competent authority under the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
Net Property 
Payments 
as per the Terms and Conditions of the Bonds, means the Property Payments 
actually received by the Property Entity minus VAT and other payments; and 
minus: all fees and costs reasonably incurred by the Property Entity in relation 
to the property management and maintenance activities relating to the Property, 
including fees and costs paid to the servicer (if any); all costs actually incurred 
by the Property Entity in relation to arranging, promoting or entering into the 
lease of the Property; all costs related to regulatory changes (e.g. imposed 
energy efficiency investments); legal costs; taxes and other public charges or 
duties; all costs related to the insurance and valuation of the Property; the 
property entity’s fee, in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Bonds; 
all costs actually incurred by the Property Entity in relation to Property financing 
and structuring, including, but not limited to all costs in connection with the 
registration, deregistration, maintenance and enforcement of the mortgage; all 
costs actually incurred by the Property Entity in relation to fulfilment of the 
Property Entity’s obligations under the Terms and Conditions of the Bonds and 
other documents related to the transactions, including, but not limited to all costs 
in connection with the inventory of the Property and bank fees for the payments; 
and all other costs and expenses in relation to the Property not specified above. 
Net Property Payments may be a positive or negative number. 
Noteholder 
the holder for the time being of any Real Estate Security/Note. 
Platform 
sites created and serviced by Mintos, merged under the domain name 
www.mintos.com and software application to access it from a smartphone. 
Prospectus 
Regulation 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to 
the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing Directive 
2003/71/EC and includes any commission delegated regulation under the 
Prospectus Regulation. 
Property 
Payments 
means consideration actually paid by the Tenant, also via online 
accommodation services platforms, if any, to the Property Entity for renting the 
Property.  
Programme 
this EUR 50 000 000 (fifty million euro) Real Estate Securities Programme. 
Property or Real 
Estate 
means property (real estate - house or an apartment) described in the Bonds’ 
Documents. 
Property Entity 
SIA Entrum Latvia, a limited liability company registered in the Commercial 
Register of the Register of Enterprises of the Republic of Latvia on 05.07.2024 
under unified registration number: 40203573111, with legal address at Šķūņu 
str.6-22, Riga, Latvia.

--- Page 7 ---
6 
 
Real Estate 
Securities or 
Notes 
the securities issued or to be issued under this Programme. 
Subscription 
Agreement 
the agreement between the Property Entity as the issuer of the Bonds and the 
Issuer as the subscriber to the Bonds, regulating how the Issuer may acquire 
the Bonds, which is entered into by those parties with respect to each Real 
Estate according to the template provided here.  
Securities Act 
the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
Series 
a series of Real Estate Securities. 
Tenant 
any person who leases the Property from the Property Entity as the owner of 
the Property, whether for short or long term. 
Transaction 
Documents 
the Cooperation Agreement, Subscription Agreement and any other document 
designated by the Issuer as a Transaction Document. 
Terms and 
Conditions of 
the Bonds 
the terms and conditions of the Bonds as provided in the exhibit to the 
Subscription Agreement.

--- Page 8 ---
7 
 
1. 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION 
o 
What is Mintos? 
Mintos provides solutions for investors looking to build wealth through long-term investing. With loans, 
bonds, ETFs, real estate, and Smart Cash, Mintos offers a unique mix of alternative and traditional 
investments for long-term investors. This one-of-a-kind offering enables retail investors to consolidate 
their portfolios and easily manage all their long-term investments from a single platform. 
Mintos has over 500 thousand registered users, and manages more than EUR 600 million in assets under 
administration (as of 30 June 2024). 
Mintos is an authorised investment firm in the European Union under MiFID (Markets in Financial 
Instruments Directive). For more information, see section ‘6. MINTOS’ of this Base Prospectus. 
o 
What are Real Estate Securities?  
Real Estate Securities are financial instruments, namely asset-backed securities, issued by the Issuer via 
Mintos to Investors and backed up by the Bonds, which the Property Entity issues to finance the 
acquisition of residential real estate properties. The Bonds generate interest income and other proceeds 
based on the performance of underlying Real Estate. The Issuer by means of Platform provides access 
to investments in the Real Estate through the offer and issue of the Real Estate Securities.  
The Real Estate Securities are backed up by Bonds meaning that the Bonds are held by the Issuer. The 
Bonds are held on a financial instruments account with an investment firm and they are not traded on any 
regulated market. 
The Real Estate Securities will bear the same interest as Bonds which is the interest that will be paid to 
the bondholder as provided in the Bonds’ Documents, see also section 9 of this Base Prospectus. 
The reason to offer Real Estate Securities is to give Investors opportunity to invest with relatively small 
amounts and to provide diversity in their investment portfolios with exposure to real estate that usually 
require substantial investment amounts due to a relatively high minimum investment threshold, lengthy 
and complex purchasing process, and operational burden managing such investments (i.e. real estate 
properties).  
The Issuer is a special purpose legal entity established for the purposes of: 
● 
purchasing Bonds for the purpose of issuance of Notes and dealing with the Bonds according to 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, see the section 9 of this Base Prospectus; 
● 
issuing Notes to Investors via Mintos. 
See the sections entitled ‘5. THE ISSUER’ and ‘7. THE PROPERTY ENTITY’ of this Base Prospectus for 
more information. 
o 
The flow of funds for payments of Real Estate Securities  
Under the respective Property rental/lease agreement, the Tenant agrees to make the Property Payments 
to the Property Entity on a regular basis (monthly/ weekly/ daily). Successively, the Property Entity uses 
the Net Property Payments received by it to pay Bonds’ Receivables to the Issuer under the Bonds, which 
in turn makes payments under the relevant Series to the relevant Investor via Mintos. The payments are 
received into the relevant Investment Account.

--- Page 9 ---
8 
 
 
This means that if the Property Entity:  
● 
is late on its Bonds’ Receivables scheduled payment, payments to the Investors will also be 
delayed; and 
● 
does not pay Bonds’ Receivables to the bondholder, there will be no interest payments to the 
Investors under the Real Estate Securities.  
The principal amount of the Bonds is linked and contingent on the sale of the corresponding Property, or 
may be repaid in full by other means available to the Property Entity at the time of the Bonds' maturity 
date or prior to that date in accordance with terms of the Bonds' Documents. 
 
o 
The flow of funds for investment in Real Estate Securities 
To invest in Real Estate Securities, the Investor provides instructions on the Platform to reserve a certain 
amount of Investor’s available funds to purchase Real Estate Securities. Reserved funds are held by 
Mintos up to the day when (i) Investors' funds, on behalf of the Issuer, are transferred by Mintos to the 
Property Entity's bank account as the purchase price for the Bonds acquired for the Issuer, or (ii) the 
transactions of the Bonds and the Real Estate securities issue are cancelled, to the day when the reserved 
funds are released to the Investor due to the said cancellation. The Real Estate Securities are delivered 
to the Investors’ Investment Account on the day when the Issuer makes the purchase price payment for 
the Bonds. The Issuer issues a Series of Real Estate Securities corresponding to the purchased Bonds 
to Investors via Mintos. When the Investor purchases any Real Estate Security of the Series, the 
Investment Accounts are credited with the Real Estate Security and debited with the purchase price of 
the Real Estate Security.

--- Page 10 ---
9 
 
2. 
RISK FACTORS  
The Issuer believes that the factors listed in this section of the Base Prospectus may affect its ability to 
fulfil its obligations under the Real Estate Securities. All of these risk factors and events are contingencies 
which may or may not occur and the Issuer is not in a position to express a view on the likelihood of any 
such contingency occurring. In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the 
market risks associated with the Real Estate Securities are also described below.  
Although the most material risk factors have been presented first within each category, the order in which 
the remaining risks are presented is not necessarily an indication of the likelihood of the risks actually 
materialising, the potential significance of the risks or the scope of any potential negative impact to the 
Issuer's or the Property Entity’s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. The 
Issuer and/or the Property Entity may face a number of these risks described below simultaneously. While 
the risk factors below have been divided into categories, some risk factors could belong in more than one 
category and prospective investors should carefully consider all of the risk factors set out in this section.  
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the material risks inherent to investing in 
the Real Estate Securities, but the inability of the Issuer or the Property Entity to pay interest, principal or 
other amounts on or in connection with any Real Estate Securities may occur for other reasons and the 
statements below regarding the risks of investing in any Real Estate Securities are not exhaustive. Other 
risks, events, facts or circumstances not included in this Base Prospectus, not presently known to the 
Issuer, or that the Issuer at the date of this Base Prospectus deems to be immaterial could, individually 
or cumulatively, prove to be important and may have a significant negative impact on the Issuer's or the 
Property Entity business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Prospective investors 
should carefully review the entire Base Prospectus and should form their own views before making an 
investment decision with respect to the Real Estate Securities.  
Before making an investment decision with respect to any Real Estate Securities, prospective investors 
should consult their own lawyers, accountants or other financial, legal and tax advisers and carefully 
review the risks entailed by an investment in the Real Estate Securities and consider such an investment 
decision in the light of the prospective investor's personal circumstances.  
o 
RISKS SPECIFIC TO THE PROPERTY ENTITY 
The Property Entity is established exclusively for the purposes of purchasing, owning, servicing, and 
selling Properties. The acquisition of the Properties or refinancing of Property Entity’s own investments 
into Properties shall be financed via the Bonds. The Bonds in turn shall act as the underlying assets for 
this and other similar Notes issuances. To mitigate business risks, the Property Entity will refrain from 
participating in any business activities beyond its stated scope. However, it is important to acknowledge 
that the Property Entity is subject to a variety of risks. These risks could adversely affect the entity's ability 
to fulfil its obligations regarding the repayment of the Bonds. 
 
The main risks related to Property Entity are listed below: 
1. 
Outsourcing risk 
The Property Entity relies significantly on various third-party servicers to manage its operational 
processes. These processes include, but are not limited to, conducting due diligence prior to the purchase 
of the Property, collecting payments from the Tenant, ensuring the Tenant's compliance with property 
maintenance standards, cleaning the property etc. In the event that any of the servicers fails to perform 
these duties to a satisfactory standard, there could be adverse effects on the Property Entity business, 
the cash flows generated from the properties and on the value of the properties.

--- Page 11 ---
10 
 
Additionally, if the servicers were to default or otherwise become unable to fulfil their obligations, the 
Property Entity would be forced to find an alternative service provider. This transition to a new servicers 
could result in changes to the fees for services rendered, potentially increasing operational costs. Such 
an increase might adversely impact the Property Entity business and decrease the cash flow from the 
properties attributable to the bondholder. 
2. 
Regulatory risk 
The Property Entity operates in Latvia, and is therefore directly exposed to  the regulatory environment of 
Latvia. Any significant changes in the regulatory environment or the introduction of new laws and 
regulations in Latvia or the EU could impact the costs related to conducting the business operations, along 
with associated terms, disclosures, compliance, and reporting obligations. Also, Property Entity is a new 
business with an innovative business model which therefore makes it exposed to the risk of having to 
adapt to requirements if those shall be applied to such business. Those may have a negative impact on 
the Property Entity business and financial stability. 
3. 
Operational risk 
Operational risk refers to the potential for the Property Entity to experience direct or indirect losses due 
to failure in various factors, including internal processes, staff, technology, infrastructure, and external 
influences such as legal requirements and industry standards. 
 
The Property Entity may be exposed to operational risk and subsequent losses due to factors like fraud, 
employee mistakes, inadequate workplace practices and safety measures, system or control failures, 
improper transaction documentation, non-compliance with complex regulations, technological failures, 
cyber-crime, data breaches, physical asset damage, natural disasters, or external system failures. 
 
Any losses resulting from these failures could lead to direct or indirect financial losses, significantly 
impacting the Property Entity business, financial health, prospects, and operational results. 
4. 
Litigation risk 
The Property Entity may face legal claims, disputes, and complaints from parties like counterparties or 
regulatory authorities. These could significantly impact the Property Entity business, reputation, finances, 
operations, prospects, and cash flow. Defending against lawsuits, even if successful, may demand 
substantial time and attention from the Property Entity management and result in significant legal 
expenses.  
 
5. 
Industry risk 
 
A significant change in market conditions, such as a downturn or upturn in the real estate market, could 
greatly impact the financial stability of the Property Entity. In the case of a market downturn, rental income 
could decrease substantially due to lower demand for rental properties, resulting in prolonged vacancies 
or the need to reduce rental rates to attract tenants. This reduction in income may be insufficient to cover 
operating expenses such as maintenance, property management fees, taxes, and mortgage payments, 
potentially leading to financial distress or even default. 
 
During a market upturn, while the potential for increased rental income exists, the Property Entity might 
face higher operating costs. Rising property values could lead to increased property taxes and higher 
costs for maintenance and upgrades necessary to remain competitive in a booming market. Additionally, 
if market conditions fluctuate unpredictably, the Property Entity could struggle to adapt to rapid changes, 
thereby affecting its overall financial performance and stability.

--- Page 12 ---
11 
 
6. 
Environmental and Climate Risk 
 
Property Entity properties could be exposed to environmental risks such as flooding, extreme weather 
events, or other natural disasters, which can cause significant damage to buildings and infrastructure. 
This may lead to costly repairs, property devaluation, and potential disruption of rental income due to 
uninhabitable conditions or prolonged vacancy during restoration periods. 
 
Additionally, evolving environmental regulations aimed at reducing carbon emissions, promoting energy 
efficiency, and managing waste could impose stricter compliance requirements on property owners. 
These regulations might necessitate upgrades to existing properties, such as improving insulation, 
installing energy-efficient systems, or implementing renewable energy solutions. The costs associated 
with these upgrades, coupled with potential fines for non-compliance, could significantly impact the 
Property Entity’s financial performance. 
Environmental risks and regulatory compliance not only pose physical threats to the properties but also 
present financial challenges that could affect the profitability and sustainability of the Property Entity's 
operations. 
 
7. 
Reputational Risk 
 
Any negative publicity or reputational damage, whether due to poor property management, legal disputes, 
or tenant dissatisfaction, could adversely affect the Property Entity’s brand and its ability to attract tenants. 
 
o 
RISKS SPECIFIC TO THE UNDERLYING ASSET - BONDS 
Before considering an investment in Real Estate Securities backed by Bonds, it is essential to recognize 
the array of potential challenges and uncertainties that come from investing in this underlying financial 
instrument.  
 
The main risks related to the underlying Bonds are listed below:  
1. 
Redemption value 
Since performance of the Bonds is linked to and contingent on the recurring Net Property Payments and 
eventually also on a redemption upon the sale of the relevant Property or refinancing the relevant 
Property, the Investors should be fully aware that the real estate market situation at the redemption date 
is uncertain, and it could lead to delays in repayments and to a partial or full loss of the invested funds in 
the Notes. Upon the occurrence of a redemption event, the Property will be evaluated by an independent, 
licenced third-party appraiser whose determined value may be below the original principal value of the 
original investment. Consequently, the redemption value of the Bonds might be lower than their principal 
value. The factors contributing to such potential adverse effects on the market value of the Property 
include, but are not limited to, the following: 
○ 
Global financial market trends, inflation rates, and economic recessions can significantly 
impact real estate values. A downturn in the global economy could lead to a decrease in 
Property value. 
○ 
Changes in the country's economic health, such as adjustments in interest rates, taxation 
policies, and employment rates, can affect real estate market conditions and property 
valuations. 
○ 
Real estate values are also influenced by regional and local market trends, including supply 
and demand dynamics, the economic health of the region, and local development plans. 
Changes in these conditions can adversely affect Property value. 
○ 
Developments within the immediate vicinity of the property, such as the construction of 
commercial facilities, industrial plants, or other structures, could negatively impact the

--- Page 13 ---
12 
 
property’s appeal and, consequently, its value. Environmental changes or disasters can also 
lead to a devaluation of the Property. 
○ 
New laws, regulations, or zoning changes can affect the usability, restrictions, and value of 
the Property. 
○ 
The Property is subject to potential damages arising from actions by the Tenant, third parties, 
or natural disasters. While the Property maintains insurance coverage to mitigate financial 
losses due to such incidents, there exists a material risk that the insurance provider may refuse 
to disburse payment under the policy. Such refusal may occur if it is determined that the terms 
and conditions of the insurance agreement have been breached or if insurance premiums 
have not been remitted in accordance with the policy's payment schedule. 
2. 
Property valuation risk 
To ensure that the Property is purchased and sold at its fair market value, a valuation is conducted by an 
independent, licensed third-party appraiser prior to the purchase and sale of the Property. Furthermore, 
the Property undergoes an inspection by a representative of the Property Entity before purchase. 
However, these measures do not guarantee that the correct market value will be accurately established. 
Consequently, there is a risk that the Property may be purchased at a price above its fair market value or 
sold below it, which could negatively impact the value of the Bonds and their redemption value. 
3. 
Price risk 
The development of market prices of the Bonds depends on various factors, such as changes of interest 
rates, central bank policies, overall economic development or demand for the Bonds. The market price of 
the Bonds is also linked to the market value of the underlying Property. The factors contributing to potential 
adverse effects on the market value of the Property are listed under redemption value risk. 
4. 
Ranking of the Bonds 
The Bonds are secured with a pledge on shares of the Property Entity and a commercial pledge on 
receivables of the Property Entity, and a mortgage over the relevant Property. In the event of the Property 
Entity facing insolvency, the Bonds’ investors will hold priority against other unsecured creditors of the 
Property Entity with respect to recoveries from the pledged assets, in accordance with the applicable 
laws. The Bonds’ investors will hold equal ranking with other unsecured creditors with respect to 
recoveries from other assets of the Property Entity which are not pledged as security for the Bonds and 
will have the right to recover their investment alongside other creditors in the same category, in 
accordance with the applicable laws. 
5. 
Early redemption risk 
The Property Entity may repurchase or redeem the Bonds in situations described in the Bonds’ 
Documents, potentially hindering investors from reinvesting the redemption proceeds at an equally 
favourable security with equally favourable interest rate and also leading to partial or full loss of the 
invested funds in the Notes if the market value of the relevant Property at redemption date is lower than 
the principal value of the Bonds. 
6. 
Liquidity risk 
Neither the Property Entity nor any other person guarantees the minimum liquidity of the Bonds. Thus, 
the Bonds’ investors should consider the fact that they may not be able to sell or may face difficulties in 
selling their Bonds on the secondary market at a fair market value or at all. 
 
In summary, these risks encompass financial stability challenges for the issuer, uncertainty regarding 
bond repayment, legal complexities, limited market liquidity, and regulatory restrictions. Investors should

--- Page 14 ---
13 
 
consider these factors when evaluating the underlying Bonds. These risks would also be directly reflected 
in the return for the Noteholders.  
 
o 
RISKS SPECIFIC TO MINTOS 
1. 
Various events and failures could cause situations where Mintos is not able to continue 
operations 
As a relatively new service, Mintos operates in a complex and dynamic regulatory and competitive 
environment and various events and failures could lead to Mintos terminating the provisioning of 
services, including the operations of the Platform. These events include but are not limited to 
revocation of licence, weak financial performance, negative reputation, non-compliance events, 
dramatic changes in the applicable regulations impacting Mintos operating model or an economic 
downturn. If Mintos ceases operations, this could significantly impact the Noteholder’s ability to 
receive repayment on time. 
Should Mintos enter liquidation or insolvency, as a regulated and supervised entity, the process 
will be supervised by the NCA. The appointed liquidator or administrator will take over the 
functions of the management board. Mintos will continue servicing its clients and the Investment 
Accounts, and relevant financial instruments portfolios in line with what Mintos is permitted to do 
according to the applicable insolvency and liquidation rules. The process from the moment of the 
appointment would be led by the appointed administrator or liquidator. In some cases, the 
Investors’ Protection Law may apply. Such processes may significantly influence the investment's 
return times and make the return more complex to the Noteholder. 
Furthermore, Mintos could for some unexpected reason suddenly stop honouring its obligations 
under the existing agreements, leading to delayed payments or partial or full loss of the amount 
invested in the Notes. 
2. 
Non-compliance with regulations could lead to revocation of Mintos’ licence 
To provide services to clients, Mintos, as the operator of the Platform, has received an investment 
firm licence from the NCA. The licence could be suspended or revoked due to non-compliance 
with regulations by Mintos. Loss of licence by Mintos could lead to delayed payments or partial 
or full loss of invested amount under the Notes. 
3. 
Failure of IT systems or a security breach could lead to significant liabilities and harm 
relationships with customers 
The technology that Mintos has developed over the years is a cornerstone of Mintos’ future 
success. The satisfactory performance, reliability and availability of the Platform is critical to its 
operations, customer service and reputation. 
While Mintos has taken steps to protect confidential information, the techniques used to obtain 
unauthorised, improper or illegal access to systems, data, or customer data, or to disable or 
degrade services are constantly evolving and may not be detected quickly. 
As a result, Mintos’ and Mintos’ third-party vendor security measures might be breached, and 
these security breaches could result in confidential client information being stolen. Breaches of 
security measures because of third-party action, employee error, third-party vendor error, design 
flaws in the software, or interruptions in Mintos’ systems and services could adversely impact our 
relationships with Mintos’ clients, harm Mintos’ reputation and expose Mintos to significant 
liability.

--- Page 15 ---
14 
 
Furthermore, in the event of damage or interruption, existing insurance policies may not 
adequately compensate Mintos and Mintos’ clients for any losses that may have been incurred. 
Nevertheless, as IT systems are crucial to Mintos’ operations, a substantial amount of resources 
is devoted to ensuring the stable and uninterrupted performance of the IT systems. 
4. 
Mintos’ bank accounts could be frozen or closed and banks, where the Noteholder funds 
are held, can become insolvent 
Mintos clients' funds, including the funds being deposited in the Issuer’s Account for settlement 
under the Notes, are kept segregated from Mintos’ own funds in several bank accounts marked 
as client funds accounts.  
One or several of those bank accounts that Mintos uses might be blocked, seized or closed for a 
number of reasons, including insolvency of the banks, resulting in interruptions of fund transfers 
to the Issuer and the Noteholder.  
5. 
Significant problem or termination of the agreement with a Mintos partner may affect the 
provision of services to the Investors 
While providing its services, Mintos relies on several carefully selected partners (e.g., cloud 
computing providers), and any problems with the service providers could impact Mintos’ ability to 
provide services to the Noteholder. Mintos has taken several steps to reduce the likelihood and 
impact of such occurrences, such as having backup service providers where feasible, there is still 
a risk that the Noteholder may not be able to access the Platform or receive services. 
6. 
Certain situations or actions may raise conflicts of interests 
While the rights and the responsibilities of Mintos and the Issuer are detailed in the Transaction 
Documents and this Base Prospectus, and Mintos has established policies and procedures to 
mitigate the risk, it is not possible to fully avoid the possibility of a conflict of interests between 
the parties that could impact the interests of the Noteholder. 
Mintos provides placement services to the Issuer with respect to the Notes, Mintos receives fees 
from the Property Entity for placement services. Mintos has carefully set up the fees in a compliant 
manner and so that it would not violate the conflict of interest management rules. Such placement 
fees might qualify as inducements and Mintos would disclose information on these inducements 
to the Noteholder. In addition to inducement disclosures, Mintos has set up internal procedures 
to identify and manage conflicts of interest. Some conflicts of interest require disclosure and those 
are disclosed. 
o 
RISKS SPECIFIC TO THE ISSUER 
1. 
The Issuer could default on its obligations or become insolvent 
The Issuer is a wholly-owned Mintos Group company, and not engaged in any business activities 
other than those provided in this Base Prospectus. There is a risk that the Issuer could suddenly 
stop effectively honouring its obligations under the existing agreements and breaching its 
provisions, resulting in missing repayments to the Noteholder. This could lead to delays in 
repayments and partial or full loss of invested amounts. 
While the Issuer is created, established and performs its operations as a special purpose 
undertaking, due to possible legal shortcomings of the applicable law and/or judicial practice, the 
Issuer might be found insolvent due to the following reasons, including, but not limited to, a 
Noteholder or other creditor initiating the insolvency procedure against the Issuer in bad faith and

--- Page 16 ---
15 
 
the court not finding limited recourse and non-petition provisions defined by this Base Prospectus 
as a sufficient ground to reject such proceeding. In such situations, the Noteholder could 
experience delays in receiving its invested funds and its priority as a creditor of the Issuer might 
be changed by the rule of law, leading to receiving fewer amounts than due under the Notes. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes (in section 9 of this Base Prospectus) are set up and 
drafted as having legal force and addressing concerns as legally binding contractual obligations. 
There can be external circumstances that might influence such legal construction, including, but 
not limited to court ruling, and/or new or modified legal enactments. 
2. 
Mintos may not be able to cover the maintenance and administrative costs of the Issuer 
Considering the pass-through nature of the Issuer, the maintenance costs and administrative 
expenses of the Issuer are, in essence, covered by Mintos, via a compensation mechanism. If for 
any reason mentioned above in ‘RISKS SPECIFIC TO MINTOS’, Mintos is not able to cover such 
costs, it could significantly influence the operations of the Issuer and its ability to service Notes 
and make payments to the Noteholder. 
3. 
Information asymmetry  
There is a risk that the Property Entity can provide material information with delay or fails to 
provide information to the Issuer at all. As a consequence: 
● 
the Issuer through Mintos acting as its authorised representative will not be able to timely 
enforce its rights provided in the Transaction Documents and to act in the interests of 
Noteholders; and 
● 
the Issuer will not be able to prepare and publish supplements to this Base Prospectus 
in a timely manner, which could impact the Noteholders’ judgement on purchasing the 
Notes being unaware of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy related 
to the information being sourced from the Property Entity. 
4. 
Cross-risks applicable to the Issuer 
Considering the pass-through nature of the Issuer, the Issuer and its abilities to pay amounts due 
to the Noteholders under the Note are exposed to all the risks listed above in ‘RISKS SPECIFIC 
TO THE UNDERLYING ASSET - BONDS’, and ‘RISKS SPECIFIC TO MINTOS’. 
o 
RISKS SPECIFIC TO THE REAL ESTATE SECURITIES 
Please note, that in this section and elsewhere the term “Notes” has the same meaning as the term “Real 
Estate Securities” used in this Base Prospectus.  
 
1. 
The Noteholder has no rights of recourse against the Property Entity, or the security agent, 
if any  
The Noteholder has no direct right to the Bonds. Instead, the Noteholder is acquiring Notes, which 
are backed by the corresponding Bonds. The legal title in the Bonds and relevant rights arising 
from them are vested in the Issuer. This means that the Noteholder will have no direct recourse 
against the Property Entity and no ability to independently and in its discretion to pursue the 
Property Entity to collect payments under the Bonds. All such actions are carried out by the Issuer 
as the legal owner of the Bonds according to the provisions of this Base Prospectus and the 
Transaction Documents.

--- Page 17 ---
16 
 
2. 
Change of creditors priority  
The outcome of judicial or insolvency procedure could overrule the creditors’ priority in this Base 
Prospectus due to requirements of the law, meaning that the Noteholders of one Series of Notes 
could become equal creditors to Noteholders of other Series of Notes, thus all the proceeds the 
Issuer receives from all the Notes is distributed on pro rata basis or otherwise. 
3. 
Certain costs may rank higher than payments to the Noteholder 
While it is the Issuer's responsibility to transfer to the Noteholder all payments that have been 
received from the Property Entity, there are certain costs, such as taxes, Mintos’ fees and 
recovery costs that rank higher than payments to the Noteholder. This means that the Noteholder 
would only receive payment after the payment obligations of a higher priority have been settled.  
Also, there is a risk that the outcome of judicial or insolvency procedure could define other priority 
of payments, which differs from the priority in this Base Prospectus.  
4. 
Liabilities that are not Series specific will be allocated to all Series of Notes proportionally 
If there are higher priority costs, i.e., taxes, fees and recovery costs, related to the specific Note, 
then these will be covered from the payments due to the Noteholders according to the Priority of 
Payments defined in this Base Prospectus. Where the liability is not Series-specific, for example, 
legal costs, the liability will be allocated to all Series of Notes proportionally unless otherwise 
defined by the Priority of Payments. 
5. 
No specific securitisation laws in Latvia 
There are no dedicated laws and regime in Latvia addressing specific special purpose vehicle 
issuer insolvency or limited recourse concepts at the date of this Base Prospectus. Mintos 
believes the Terms and Conditions of the Notes are set up and drafted as having legal force and 
addressing such concerns as legally binding contractual obligations. There might be 
circumstances that influence such legal construction, including, but not limited to the court ruling, 
or new or modified legal enactments. Eventually, this could lead to delayed payments or partial 
or full loss of the amount invested in the Notes. 
6. 
Bonds redemption could impact planned return 
The Property Entity may repurchase the Bonds from its investors in the events specified in this 
Base Prospectus and the Subscription Agreement.  
The Property Entity not only has a right to repurchase, but also has an obligation to repurchase 
the Bonds from the investors upon the occurrence of certain events specified in this Base 
Prospectus and the Bonds’ Documents. 
If the early redemption right is exercised by the Property Entity, the relevant Series of Real Estate 
Securities will be redeemed early in full once the Issuer has received the repurchase price from 
the Property Entity. The redemption value will be linked to the Bonds’ redemption value which 
may differ from the original principal value due to reasons listed in the “Risks specific to the 
underlying asset - Bonds” sub-section of this Base Prospectus. The Noteholders' return on the 
investments in the Real Estate Securities which are redeemed due to the repurchase may be 
lower than the initially planned return.

--- Page 18 ---
17 
 
7. 
New regulations introduced in the future could impact the Noteholder and Mintos 
Due to several reasons, such as improvements in computer technology, the financial crisis of the 
past decade and a greater focus on preventing the legalisation of illegally gained proceeds, the 
financial industry over the last years has experienced the introduction of several new regulations. 
With further developments and adoption of technologies, jurisdictions, either where Noteholders 
or Mintos Group are domiciled are likely to introduce new regulations or administrative 
interventions that could relate to Real Estate Securities or online marketplaces such as the 
Platform. Such regulation in the future, for example, could enhance investors’ protection 
measures, limit access to Real Estate Securities to only qualified or sophisticated Noteholders, 
limit the proportion of the portfolio that can be invested through Real Estate Securities or introduce 
any other restricting measures. 
Furthermore, the introduction of new regulations or significant changes to the existing regulations 
could impact the profitability, cost base and future operations of Mintos. Failure to comply with 
regulation could lead to, among other things, lawsuits, administrative enforcement actions, 
penalties, and revocation of licences and authorisations. Eventually, this could lead to delayed 
payments or partial or full loss of invested amounts under Notes. 
8. 
New regulation in relation to taxes could impact the expected return for the Noteholder 
In the event that new regulation is introduced, or existing regulation or its interpretation changes 
so that the Issuer and/or Mintos needs to withhold additional taxes before making payments to 
the Noteholder, and the Issuer and/or Mintos is required to withhold any transfer tax, stamp duty 
and/or financial transactions tax, this could impact the expected return on investment for the 
Noteholder. Similar developments in the Noteholders’ tax residence country can lead to the same 
consequences. 
9. 
Notes have limited liquidity and transferability 
The Notes are illiquid securities and there is no active market for them, and the Notes are not 
admitted to any trading venue. The potential buyers and transferees are limited only to other 
Mintos’ clients who are registered on the Platform. Which all means that the Noteholder might 
need to offer the Notes with a significant discount and hence would not meet the expected return 
on the investment, or might even be unable to sell them at all during a shorter or longer period of 
time. Furthermore, to protect Noteholders that use automatic investment solutions from making 
investment decisions, Mintos may restrict the execution of orders to sell the Notes according to 
the terms and conditions of the agreements between the Investors and Mintos. 
The Noteholder should therefore only invest in Notes that the Noteholder is comfortable with 
holding to maturity. 
10. 
An undiversified investment portfolio may lead to greater exposure to the Property Entity 
and country-specific risks than a well-diversified portfolio 
Investment in a single Note, Notes issued in relation to the Property Entity or Notes with 
underlying Bonds related to one country, means that the performance of the portfolio and risk 
exposure depends on that Note, the Property Entity, country and currency risk.  
Mintos encourages its customers to build a well-diversified portfolio and provides several tools to 
automate investing in Notes, making this easier.

--- Page 19 ---
18 
 
11. 
Investing in Notes issued in other currencies increase the Noteholder’s exposure to 
currency risk 
If a Noteholder invests in Notes denominated in a currency that is different from the currency that 
the Noteholder earns and/or spends, the return on the investment could be significantly impacted 
by the fluctuations in the exchange rate between those currencies. This means that if the 
underlying currency depreciates significantly, the Noteholder could lose part of the investment, 
and if the currency appreciates significantly, the Noteholder could earn a higher return on 
investment. 
12. 
Notes are not bank deposits 
Investment in Notes does not have the status of a bank deposit in Latvia or elsewhere and is not 
within the scope of the deposit protection or guarantee scheme operated by the Republic of Latvia 
or any other jurisdiction.

--- Page 20 ---
19 
 
3. 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Important notices 
THIS BASE PROSPECTUS MAY NOT BE FORWARDED OR DISTRIBUTED OTHER THAN AS 
PROVIDED BELOW AND MAY NOT BE REPRODUCED IN ANY MANNER WHATSOEVER. THIS BASE 
PROSPECTUS MAY ONLY BE DISTRIBUTED OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES TO PERSONS THAT 
ARE NOT U.S. PERSONS AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. ANY 
FORWARDING, DISTRIBUTION OR REPRODUCTION OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS IN WHOLE OR 
IN PART IS UNAUTHORISED. FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH THIS DIRECTIVE MAY RESULT IN A 
VIOLATION OF THE SECURITIES ACT OR THE APPLICABLE LAWS OF OTHER JURISDICTIONS.  
NOTHING IN THIS BASE PROSPECTUS CONSTITUTES AN OFFER TO SELL OR THE 
SOLICITATION OF AN OFFER TO BUY ANY SECURITIES IN ANY JURISDICTION. THE SECURITIES 
DESCRIBED IN THIS BASE PROSPECTUS HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED 
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR WITH ANY SECURITIES REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY 
STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD 
WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS.  
Any materials relating to any potential offering do not constitute, and may not be used in connection with, 
an offer or solicitation in any place where offers or solicitations are not permitted by law.  
Under no circumstances will this Base Prospectus constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer 
to buy any securities in any jurisdiction other than provided on page 1 of this Base Prospectus.  
Responsibility for this Base Prospectus  
The Management Board of the Issuer: 
Title 
Name 
Chairman of the Management Board 
Martins Sulte 
Member of the Management Board 
Martins Valters 
 
accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus (other than the information in 
the sections entitled ‘7. THE PROPERTY ENTITY’ and ‘8. THE BONDS’). To the best of its knowledge, 
the information (other than the information in the sections entitled ‘7. THE PROPERTY ENTITY’ and ‘8. 
THE BONDS’) contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and makes no omission 
likely to affect its import. Any information from third parties identified in this Base Prospectus as such has 
been accurately reproduced and that as far as the Issuer is aware and are able to ascertain from the 
information provided by a third party, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.  
The Property Entity accepts responsibility for the information contained in the sections entitled ‘7. THE 
PROPERTY ENTITY’ and ‘8. THE BONDS’ of this Base Prospectus. To the best of its knowledge, the 
information contained in sections entitled ‘7. THE PROPERTY ENTITY’ and ‘8. THE BONDS’ of this Base 
Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and makes no omission likely to affect its import. 
Final Terms  
Each Series of Real Estate Securities will be issued on the terms and conditions set out under the section 
entitled ‘9. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE REAL ESTATE SECURITIES’ of this Base Prospectus

--- Page 21 ---
20 
 
as completed by the applicable Final Terms. The Final Terms will be published on the website 
www.mintos.com. A form of applicable Final Terms is set out under the section entitled ‘11. APPLICABLE 
FINAL TERMS’ of this Base Prospectus.  
Other relevant information  
This Base Prospectus must be read and construed together with any supplements to this Base 
Prospectus and with any information incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus and, concerning 
any Series of Notes, must be read and construed together with the relevant applicable Final Terms.  
Unauthorised information  
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or 
not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into concerning the Programme, 
any information supplied by the Issuer, or such other information as is in the public domain and, if given 
or made, such information or representation should not be relied upon as having been authorised by the 
Issuer. 
Mintos has not authorised the whole or any part of this Base Prospectus and does not make any 
representation or warranty, or accept any responsibility as to the accuracy or completeness of the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus or any responsibility for the acts or omissions of the Issuer 
or any other person in connection with the issue and offering of the Notes, nor does Mintos or any of its 
shareholders, directors, affiliates, advisers or agents take any responsibility for the acts or omissions of 
the Issuer or any other person in connection with the issue, offering and sale of the Notes. 
Restrictions on distribution  
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms, and the offer, sale and delivery of the Notes 
in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or 
any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and Mintos to inform themselves about and to observe 
any such restrictions. In particular, Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities 
Act. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or 
to U.S. persons. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitute an offer or an invitation to 
subscribe for or purchase any Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, 
Mintos or any of them that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for 
or purchase any Notes. Each recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms will be taken to have 
made its own investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer. Mintos has 
not provided any financial or taxation advice in connection with the Programme or the Notes. 
Programme limit  
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Real Estate Securities from time to time outstanding 
under the Programme will not exceed EUR 50 000 000 (fifty million euro) (or its equivalent in other 
currencies). 
Language  
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have 
been cited in their original language so that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under 
applicable law. 
Ratings  
No Series of Real Estate Securities issued under the Programme will be rated by any credit rating agency.

--- Page 22 ---
21 
 
Currencies  
Unless otherwise indicated, the financial information contained in this Base Prospectus has been 
expressed in euro. The Issuer’s functional currency is euro, and the Issuer prepares its financial 
statements in euro.  
Third-party and market share data  
This Base Prospectus contains information regarding business of the Issuer, Mintos, the Property Entity 
and others, and the industry in which they operate and compete. Where third party information has been 
used in this Base Prospectus, the source of such information has been identified. Statistical information 
included in this Base Prospectus has been derived from official public sources, including the statistical 
releases. All such statistical information may differ from that stated in other sources for a variety of 
reasons, including the use of different definitions and cut-off times. This data may subsequently be revised 
as new data becomes available and any such revised data will not be circulated by the Issuer to Investors 
who have purchased the Real Estate Securities. In some cases, independently determined industry data 
is not available. In these cases, any market share data included in this Base Prospectus is referred to as 
having been estimated. All such estimates have been made by either the Issuer or the Property Entity 
using its information and other publicly available market information. Each of the Issuer and the Property 
Entity believes that these estimates of market share are helpful as they give prospective Investors a better 
understanding of the industry in which the Issuer or the Property Entity operates as well as its position 
within that industry. Although all such estimations have been made in good faith based on the information 
available and the Issuer’s or the Property Entity’s knowledge of the market within which it operates, neither 
the Issuer nor the Property Entity may guarantee that a third-party expert using different methods would 
reach the same conclusions. Where information has not been independently sourced, it is the Issuer’s or 
the Property Entity’s own information. 
No incorporation of website information 
The Issuer is affiliated with Mintos and their website is www.mintos.com. Unless specifically incorporated 
by reference into this Base Prospectus, information on the website or any other website mentioned in this 
Base Prospectus or any website directly or indirectly linked to these websites has not been verified, is not 
incorporated by reference into, and does not form part of, this Base Prospectus, and Investors should not 
rely on it.

--- Page 23 ---
22 
 
4. 
TRANSACTION OVERVIEW 
The Property Entity issues the Bonds to secure financing for acquiring and managing residential real 
estate properties. In turn, the Issuer offers the Real Estate Securities to the Investors on the Platform, 
allowing them to receive returns based on the performance of the Bonds, which are tied to the underlying 
Real Estate. To achieve that, there are various transactions intended between different parties. 
 
This section of the Base Prospectus intends to provide an overview of key information on how involved 
parties transact with one another in relation to the Real Estate Securities.  
 
 
The cooperation with Property Entity anticipates there being Real Estate Securities issued with respect 
to several Real Estates. One series of Real Estate Securities will relate to one Real Estate.  
 
The main steps of the operational process for each Real Estate transaction may be described as follows: 
1) The Property Entity intends to purchase the Real Estate using its available funds, in order to 
subsequently lease the Real Estate to Tenants. The purchase price of the Real Estate can be 
lower or higher than shown in the appraisal report done by the independent valuation company; 
2) The Property Entity offers the Bonds and delivers information on the Bonds (including about the 
Real Estate) to the Issuer;  
3) The Property Entity delivers information and documents to Mintos about the particular Property, 
including the appraisal report; 
4) Mintos checks the details of the Property and, if approved, the Issuer and the Property Entity will 
sign the Subscription Agreement with an aim for the Property Entity to refinance its own 
investments into the Real Estate or acquisition of new Real Estate. Upon execution of the 
Subscription Agreement, the Final Terms for the issuance of a series of Real Estate Securities 
related to the specified Bonds will be published, and Investors will be invited to commence their 
investment in the Real Estate Securities. Mintos Investors will be provided with information about 
the particular Real Estate; 
5) During the term of a particular series of Real Estate Securities, mortgages over specific Real 
Estate will be duly perfected in favour of the Issuer;  
6) The offer to invest in each series of Real Estate Securities will remain open for up to several 
weeks. During this period, Mintos will collect investment orders, and until the offer period expires, 
the funds will remain in the Investment Accounts but will be reserved/blocked to ensure the 
execution of those orders; 
7) If there are not enough Investors committing, the process may be cancelled, and the reserved 
amounts will be released, meaning the investments will not take place. However, if sufficient 
Investors participate, Mintos will proceed: the funds will be debited from the Investors' accounts 
on the Platform, Investors will receive the Real Estate Securities in their financial instruments' 
accounts, and Mintos will transfer the funds to the Issuer as payment to the Property Entity for 
the Bonds;  
8) The Real Estate will be rented to Tenants, who will be responsible for making their rent payments. 
These payments will serve as the source from which the Property Entity is expected to make 
payments to the Issuer, and in turn, the Issuer will make monthly interest payments to the 
Investors;

--- Page 24 ---
23 
 
9) The principal investment amount in the Bonds is expected to be repaid to the bondholder upon 
the Bonds' maturity, though it may also be repaid prior to the maturity date, in accordance with 
the terms set out in the Bond Documents. The repaid Bonds' principal amount may be higher or 
lower than the initial investment, depending on whether the market value of the relevant Property 
at the redemption date exceeds or falls below the principal value of the Bonds.  
 
o 
THE DESCRIPTION OF THE TRANSACTIONS IN RELATION TO THE NOTES 
The Issuer has entered into the Transaction Documents with Mintos and the Property Entity for the issue 
and sale of the Notes as described in this Base Prospectus. 
 
▪ 
Acquisition of the Real Estate and Proposal to Mintos to Proceed  
The acquisition of the Real Estate by the Property Entity will be done independently without engaging 
Mintos or the Issuer. After the Property Entity shall have purchased a Real Estate which they wish to 
proceed with further within the framework of the transactions contemplated by this Base Prospectus, the 
Property Entity will provide Mintos with certain information about the Bond and then Mintos and the Issuer 
will decide if they wish to proceed with acquisition of the Bond and to offer investments in Real Estate 
Securities on Mintos platform in relation to that particular Bond. If the parties agree to proceed, they will 
first enter into the Subscription Agreement and mortgage agreement and then Mintos shall proceed with 
publishing Final Terms and collecting reservations of the Investors with respect to the Real Estate 
Securities. 
▪ 
Acquisition of Bonds by the Issuer 
The key purpose of the Subscription Agreement is for the Property Entity to make an offer of the Bonds 
to the Issuer. The Bonds, if purchased, will be purchased by the Issuer on the terms and conditions 
provided in the Subscription Agreement. Funds collected from the Investors, who will have indicated their 
interest in investing into Real Estate Securities, will be used to settle payment of the purchase price for 
the Bonds by the Property Entity to the Issuer in accordance with the Subscription Agreement. In 
exchange for the purchase price the Issuer shall acquire the title over the Bonds. 
 
 
The Bonds transaction may either close or not close, depending on the circumstances and the terms 
outlined in the Subscription Agreement.

--- Page 25 ---
24 
 
The conditions precedent that will have to be met for the Issuer to accept offer of the Bonds and make 
payment for the Bonds shall be several and they will be laid out in the Subscription Agreement. 
▪ 
Issue of Real Estate Securities 
 
 
To purchase Real Estate Securities from the Issuer, the Investor registered on the Platform submits an 
investment order using a dedicated section on the Platform, indicating the amount of money that the 
Investor wishes to invest in Real Estate Securities. 
 
Once Investors have indicated on Mintos platform that they wish to purchase Notes, Mintos reserves 
those funds to be readily available for the Issuer to submit its acceptance to offer to buy the Bonds in 
accordance with the provisions of the Subscription Agreement and then, after the Bonds are purchased, 
if purchased, delivers Real Estate Securities to Investors on their Investment Accounts with Mintos. The 
reservation means that those funds remain on the Investment Account of the Investor but are not available 
for other transactions until the Real Estate Securities are delivered or until the Real Estate Securities 
purchase is cancelled.  
In view of it being a possibility that the Bonds' purchase transaction between the Issuer and the Property 
Entity does not close, i.e. the Issuer refuses the transaction and does not accept the offer of the Bonds 
and does not pay the purchase price, the Issuer for that purpose has the right to cancel the Real Estate 
Securities' reservations at its own discretion at any time with no obligation to inform Investors about 
cancelling the reservations as well as the right to redeem the Real Estate Securities. In case of 
cancellation of the reservations the Real Estate Securities are never issued and the funds that were 
reserved get released. Section entitled ‘9. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE REAL ESTATE 
SECURITIES’ contain provisions that apply in case of redemption of the Real Estate Securities.  
The Real Estate Securities are publicly offered by the Issuer on the Platform. Investors can purchase 
Real Estate Securities from the Issue Date until the Maturity Date of the Real Estate Securities provided 
in the Final Terms or until the time when the Real Estate Securities are fully sold to Investors by the 
Issuer, whichever occurs earlier. Information about the offer results of the Real Estate Securities is 
published on the website www.mintos.com in real time.  
  
The process for purchasing Real Estate Securities is automated and takes place in real-time. When the 
transaction order is accepted by the Platform, Mintos debits cash funds from the Investor’s cash account 
with Mintos in exchange for delivery of the Notes to the Investor’s financial instruments account with 
Mintos. The Notes allotted are available as soon as the transaction order is executed by Mintos, by means 
of the Investor’s profile on the Platform. Further alienation of Notes may be done as soon as available on

--- Page 26 ---
25 
 
the Investor’s Investment Accounts. 
 
Minimum subscription amount is one Real Estate Security. Maximum subscription amount is up to the 
Aggregate Nominal Amount as set out under the section entitled ‘11. APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS’ of 
this Base Prospectus for the relevant Series of Notes, but subject to the nominal amount of the Real 
Estate Securities being available for purchase from the Issuer as at execution time of the transaction 
order at Mintos. 
No expenses are expected to be charged to the Investor by the Issuer when purchasing the Real Estate 
Securities, but there is a Mintos (arranger) fee, which Mintos charges for Bonds distribution. The fee is 
included in overall expenses for acquiring the Property. There is no financial transaction tax to be applied 
at the date of this Base Prospectus by the Issuer and/or Mintos to the Investor in subscribing or purchasing 
any Real Estate Security. 
 
The Bonds that will be acquired as the underlying assets for each Series of Real Estate Securities will be 
of the nominal amount matching one on one euro amounts invested by the Investors on Mintos platform 
into the respective Series of Real Estate Securities.  
▪ 
Payments under the Real Estate Securities 
Bonds’ Receivables (interest) payout process to the Investor: 
 
 
Final Bonds’ Receivables and Bonds’ principal amount is paid to the Investors on the Bonds’ maturity 
date. The same applies in cases of the Bonds’ early redemption. In the event of Bonds’ early redemption, 
the Investors receive the Bonds’ principal amount together with the accrued Bonds’ Receivables up to the 
date of early redemption in accordance with the Subscription Agreement.

--- Page 27 ---
26 
 
 
The Interest specified in the Final Terms will begin to be calculated and accrue from the first day when 
the Investor has acquired the Real Estate Securities from the Issuer and respective Real Estate Securities 
are booked by Mintos in the Investor’s Investment Accounts. There is no interest for the Investor’s funds 
reservation period before Real Estate Securities are booked in the Investor’s Investment Account.  
The Interest and principal payments under the Real Estate Securities are linked and contingent on 
corresponding payments being made under the Bonds, and stem from the underlying Property Payments 
made by the Tenant and the sale of the Property at the Bond’s maturity. The sale of the Property may 
occur earlier than at maturity of the Bonds, and such earlier sale would trigger redemption of the Bonds 
prior to their maturity and that would trigger payments under the Real Estate Securities. The interest and 
principal payment of the Bonds are such that the Bonds shall bear interest at the interest rate per annum 
on their nominal amount from the date indicated in the Final Terms and Bonds’ interest shall be payable 
monthly subject to payments being made by the Property Entity to the Issuer in arrears on each interest 
payment date, commencing to accrue on the interest commencement date in accordance with the terms 
of the Subscription Agreement. 
 
Interest shall be due and payable in accordance with the terms of the Bonds' Documents on each interest 
payment date in cash in arrears, provided that Net Property Payments for the respective interest period 
for the Bonds is a positive number. If, for any interest period for the Bonds, Net Property Payments should 
be negative, such negative Net Property Payments shall be carried forward and set-off with any positive 
Net Property Payments in the following interest period(s) for the Bonds. 
 
As the Notes may be redeemed only with the funds received by the Property Entity and transferred to the 
Issuer from the sale of the corresponding property, the Investors should be fully aware that the Real 
Estate market situation during the lifetime of the Real Estate Securities and at their maturity is uncertain, 
and it could lead to delays in payments for the Real Estate Securities and to a partial or full loss of the 
invested funds in the Real Estate Securities. 
▪ 
Redemption of the Real Estate Securities due to redemption of the Bonds 
The Issuer may exercise its right but not the obligation to redeem the Real Estate Securities from the 
Investors on the occurrence of certain events specified in the Bonds’ Documents and applicable laws, 
including, but not limited to the Property Entity exercises any of its rights of early redemption and/or 
repurchase of the Bonds in accordance with the terms of the Bonds’ Documents.  
 
In this event of early redemption of the Real Estate Securities, due to the Property Entity redeeming the 
Bonds, if at that point the Bonds will have been already purchased by the Issuer, the Bonds held by the 
Issuer will be redeemed from the Issuer in accordance with the terms of the Bonds’ Documents and all

--- Page 28 ---
27 
 
funds received by the Issuer in case of early redemption of the Bonds will be used proportionally to redeem 
the Real Estate Securities. 
 
During a redemption of the Bonds, the property will be evaluated by an independent official third-party 
appraiser whose determined value may be below the original principal value of the original investment. 
Since the principal amount of the Bonds is linked and contingent on the sale of the corresponding 
Property, the Investors should be fully aware that the real estate market situation at the Bonds' redemption 
date is uncertain, and it could lead to delays in repayments and to a partial or full loss of the invested 
funds in the Notes. 
 
As the Real Estate Securities may be redeemed by the Issuer only with the funds acquired from the 
Property Entity under the Bonds, the Investors should be fully aware that, it could lead to delays in 
repayments and to a partial or full loss of the invested funds in the Notes. For information on these risks 
please see the section entitled ‘RISK FACTORS'.  
 
▪ 
No Credit Enhancement 
The Real Estate Securities have no credit enhancements and no liquidity support in relation to payment 
of interest or principal. The Issuer, as a special purpose entity, has no obligation to make any payment 
on the Real Estate Securities unless sufficient funds have been received from the Property Entity. 
 
o 
THE TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS 
The information in this section is a summary of certain features of the Transaction Documents provided 
for information purposes and will not be treated as the full binding text of the relevant agreement.  
This section does not entail a summary of those transaction documents which will be executed by the 
Issuer with respect to the acquisition of the Bonds from third parties, as those transaction documents will 
be market standard transaction documents as customary for such transactions. They will include 
agreements and other documents necessary for transactions to be performed with respect to the Bonds 
according to the provisions of this Base Prospectus. 
Further are provided summaries of contracts that are necessary for the matters outlined in the above 
section entitled ‘THE DESCRIPTION OF THE TRANSACTIONS IN RELATION TO THE NOTES’ which 
are other than those customarily necessary to purchase and hold the Bonds. 
▪ 
The Cooperation Agreement 
General 
The Cooperation Agreement contains the agreement between the Issuer, the Property Entity and Mintos 
on the matters outlined in the above section entitled ‘THE DESCRIPTION OF THE TRANSACTIONS IN 
RELATION TO THE NOTES'. The Cooperation Agreement is concluded with respect to the cooperation 
in general and shall not require to be executed again for each Property transaction. 
Cooperation Agreement sets out among other things the following requirements for each Property 
transaction: 
● 
the Property has to be a short or long term rental apartment in the capitals or other major cities; 
● 
the maximum amount to be paid by the Issuer for one Bond issue with respect to one Property is 
(i) up to 115% of the Property’s market value as indicated in the valuation of the Property and (ii) 
plus all costs associated with the purchase of the Property (including financing, transaction and 
legal costs, notary fees, appraisal costs, state administrative costs and other compulsory charges,

--- Page 29 ---
28 
 
brokerage fee, which is determined on a property-by-property basis);  
● 
upon the purchase of the Bonds by the Issuer there are no monetary liens or other encumbrances 
on the Property, other than those established according to the Mortgage Agreement concluded 
between the Property Entity and the Issuer with respect to the Bonds' Documents. 
Mintos 
Mintos acts as a placement agent, calculation agent, transfer agent and paying agent of the Issuer in 
relation to the Notes. 
Issuer 
 
Issuer has undertaken to transact with the Bonds only in line with this Base Prospectus. The Issuer is 
obliged to provide Mintos with information and documentation with respect to the Bonds. The Issuer has 
undertaken to procure that there are no encumbrances, liens or other security interests in favour of any 
third parties over the Bonds.  
 
Property Entity 
  
The Property Entity agrees to cooperate with Mintos and the Issuer where the Issuer issues the Real 
Estate Securities under this Base Prospectus and the Property Entity undertakes certain rights and 
obligations under the Cooperation Agreement, the Bonds’ Documents and other Transaction Documents. 
 
Events of Default 
The Cooperation Agreement contains an exhaustive list of events that constitute Events of Default. Events 
of Default under the Cooperation Agreement include events like: 
(a)   events with respect to various obligations under the Cooperation Agreement: is in breach of 
any of obligations under sections of the Cooperation Agreement such as Representations 
and Warranties, Financial statements, Bonds` Documentation; 
(b)   an event of default, as such term is defined in this Prospectus, occurs, which such event of 
default is caused by fault, action or failure to act of the Lending Company and/or Pledgor (if 
any); 
(c) insolvency or insolvency proceedings of the Lending Company or Pledgor occurs; 
(d)   a creditor’s process as agreed in the Cooperation Agreement is taking place; 
(e) misrepresentation by the Lending Company with respect to the information in this Prospectus 
that is sourced from the Lending Company and the later is responsible for; 
(f)   cessation of business by the Lending Company, the Guarantor or Pledgor. 
The above is not a precise wording of the Cooperation Agreement provisions on the Event of Default, it 
is just a description of their essence. 
If any Event of Default occurs, Mintos may stop: 
(a)     
purchasing Bonds from the Property Entity; 
(b)     
the placement of the Notes on the Platform;  
(c)     
the processing of submitted but not yet executed orders for subscription of the Notes 
(d)  
declare that any or all of the Bonds held by it are terminated; and

--- Page 30 ---
29 
 
(e)  
exercise any or all of its rights, remedies, powers or discretions under the Transaction 
Documents. 
Term and termination 
The Cooperation Agreement continues until all liabilities of the Issuer and Mintos according to its 
provisions are fully satisfied.  
Governing law 
The Cooperation Agreement and any non-contractual obligations arising out of, or in connection with it, 
are governed by and will be construed in accordance with the laws of the Republic of Latvia. 
▪ 
The Subscription Agreement and other Bonds’ Documents 
General 
The Subscription Agreement and other Bonds’ Documents contain the agreement between the Issuer 
and the Property Entity on the matters outlined in the above section entitled ‘THE DESCRIPTION OF 
THE TRANSACTIONS IN RELATION TO THE NOTES' for each particular Property transaction. The 
Cooperation Agreement, described above, sets out the requirements for the Subscription Agreement and 
Bonds’ Documents and provides for their templates and standard terms and conditions, however each 
Property requires its own set of Bonds’ Documents. 
Issuer 
 
The Issuer is the party which acquires the Bonds under the Bonds’ Documents and which acquires rights 
under the Bonds’ Documents as a bondholder. The Subscription Agreement when and if concluded does 
not oblige the Issuer to purchase the Bonds, but entitles the Issuer to accept the offer of the Bonds and 
to purchase them, if any, on the terms and conditions of the Subscription Agreement.  
 
Property Entity 
 
The Property Entity under the Bonds’ Documents offers the Bonds to the Issuer for purchase, has to 
comply with various undertakings on how to handle the Property and exercise its rights with respect to it, 
has to comply with the payment obligations under the Bonds’ Documents. It is the Property Entity who is 
obliged to pay the Bonds’ Receivables and the principal under the Bonds upon their maturity, as well as 
to pay to the Issuer in case of the redemption of the Bonds. 
 
Security for obligations of the Property Entity 
 
The obligations of the Property Entity under the Bonds’ Documents towards the Issuer are secured by: 
● 
Receivables Pledge Agreement between the Property Entity as the pledgor and the Issuer as the 
pledgee concluded for each respective Property; 
● 
Mortgage Agreement between the Property Entity as the pledgor and the Issuer as the pledgee 
concluded for each respective Property; 
● 
Share Pledge Agreement between the AS Entrum (registration number: 40203587696, company 
incorporated under the laws of the Republic of Latvia) as the sole shareholder of the Property 
Entity and as the pledgor and the Issuer as the pledgee by establishing the pledge over the 
Property Entity shares in favour of the Issuer. 
 
Term and termination 
The Subscription Agreement and other Bonds’ Documents contain provisions on how they may be

--- Page 31 ---
30 
 
terminated prior to the maturity of the Bonds and they continue to apply until all liabilities of the Property 
Entity according to their provisions are fully satisfied.  
Governing law 
The Bonds’ Documents and any non-contractual obligations arising out of, or in connection with it, are 
governed by and will be construed in accordance with the laws of the Republic of Latvia.

--- Page 32 ---
31 
 
5. THE ISSUER 
o 
General 
The Issuer is a special purpose undertaking established for the sole purpose of issuing and offering Notes 
to Investors on the Platform, which are backed up by the Bonds acquired by the Issuer. The Issuer does 
not take part in any other business activities. 
The Issuer is incorporated as a limited liability company and registered in the Commercial Register, 
Enterprises Register of the Republic of Latvia on 04.10.2024 under the name SIA Mintos Finance No. 55 
with registration number: 40203593334. It operates under the laws of the Republic of Latvia and has its 
registered office at 52 Skanstes Street, Riga, LV1013, Latvia. The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the Issuer 
is: 984500N11BE8R8F5A370. 
The registered and paid up share capital of the Issuer is EUR 2800 consisting of 2800 shares each having 
a nominal value of EUR 1. Each share is entitled to one vote. The sole shareholder of the Issuer is SIA 
Mintos Capital Management, registration No 40203178505. 
 
The Issuer has no subsidiaries and does not own any shares or equity. 
The Issuer is managed by the Management Board, the members being appointed by the sole shareholder 
of the Issuer: 
Title 
Name 
Other roles 
Chairman 
Martins Sulte 
Chairman of the Management Board of AS Mintos Holdings, SIA 
Mintos Capital Management and Mintos; 
Member of the Management Board and beneficial owner of SIA 
MS Cap, registration number: 40103841447 (Latvia), i.e. one of 
the shareholders of AS Entrum, which is the parent company of 
the Property Entity; 
Chairperson of Council of AS Entrum, registration number: 
40203587696 (Latvia). 
Member  
Martins Valters 
Member of the Management Board of AS Mintos Holdings, SIA

--- Page 33 ---
32 
 
Mintos Capital Management and Mintos 
For so long as the Notes of any Series remain outstanding or Notes may be issued under the Programme, 
articles of association (Statutes) of the Issuer can be accessed on www.mintos.com. 
o 
Activities 
The activities of the Issuer are as follows: 
● 
issue and publicly offer Notes to the Investors, including preparation, submission to the NCA and 
publication on the Platform of this Base Prospectus; 
 
● 
purchase and safekeeping of the Bonds; 
 
● 
payments under the Notes through Mintos, subject to receiving Bonds’ Receivables and principal 
amount of the Bonds from the Bonds Issuer; and 
 
● 
publication of financial and other information to Investors in accordance with applicable law. 
o 
Financial information 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has not commenced any operations, and accordingly, no 
financial statements have been prepared.   
The financial statements will be prepared in accordance with the Latvian Generally Accepted Accounting 
Principles (GAAP).  
For accounting purposes, Bonds’ Receivables and principal amount of the Bonds will be classified as a 
pass-through of a financial asset under International Financial Reporting Standard (IFRS) 9 3.2.5. 
The appointed auditor of the Issuer for the financial year 2024 is "KPMG Baltics SIA", registered in the 
Republic of Latvia on 16 December 1994 with registration number 40003235171. 
The audited financial statement of the Issuer for the year 2024 will be prepared in term according to the 
Law on the Annual Statements and Consolidated Annual Statements, and will be published on Mintos 
website. 
o 
Authorisation 
The establishment of this Programme and the issue of Notes have been duly authorised by decisions of 
the sole shareholder of the Issuer on 01.11.2024.  
o 
Significant or material change 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, there has been no significant or material change in the financial 
position of the Issuer since the date of its incorporation.  
o 
Litigation 
The Issuer (whether as a defendant or otherwise) is not and has not been involved in any governmental, 
legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which 
the Issuer is aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus which may have, or 
have in such period had, a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer.

--- Page 34 ---
33 
 
6. MINTOS 
Mintos, under the name AS Mintos Marketplace, was registered as a joint-stock company on 1 June 2015 
in the Commercial Register, Enterprises Register of the Republic of Latvia with the unified registration 
number 40103903643.  
All the shares in Mintos are held by AS Mintos Holdings. 
Mintos has been authorised as an investment firm by the NCA on 17 August 2021 to provide following 
investment services and ancillary services: 
● 
execution of orders on behalf of clients; 
● 
dealing on own account; 
● 
portfolio management; 
● 
investment advice; 
● 
placing of financial instruments without a firm commitment basis; 
● 
holding of financial instruments; 
● 
currency exchange services, if they are related to the provision of investment services; 
● 
providing investment research, financial analysis or other general advice regarding transactions 
in financial instruments; and 
● 
provision of services related to the initial placement of financial instruments. 
Mintos provides services in Austria, Belgium, Czech Republic, France, Germany, Italy, Latvia, 
Netherlands, Poland, Portugal and Spain.  
Mintos has not commenced provision of services in other countries as of the date of this Base Prospectus 
but may do so during the validity period of this Base Prospectus. 
Cash funds of Investors are held by Mintos in regulated credit institutions, including but not limited to AS 
LHV Pank (Estonia), Signet Bank AS (Latvia), and money market funds. 
Mintos owns and operates the Platform which is the technical infrastructure through which (a) companies 
sell loans and other receivables or other assets to issuers, (b) the issuers offer and sell asset backed 
securities to investors backed by the acquired receivables or other assets and (c) information exchange 
and money flows occur between Investors, issuers and originators and services of the assets and 
receivables. Notes which are backed up by bonds are one of the types of assets backed securities offered 
and available on the Platform. Also, Mintos offers and may offer other investment products or services to 
the Investors. 
o 
Key activities performed by Mintos with respect to Notes are as follows: 
● 
Opens and services Investment Accounts for investors and (a) carries out anti-money laundering, 
combating the financing of terrorism and know your client policies and procedures, (b) carries out 
appropriateness and suitability tests, (c) responsible for compliance with product governance 
requirements and (d) informs Investors regarding the risks inherent in the products and services 
depending on the status of the Investor.

--- Page 35 ---
34 
 
● 
Prepares this Base Prospectus and engages lawyers and other advisors and submits it to the 
NCA for approval. 
● 
Operates the Platform for (a) Investors to acquire Notes, exchange currencies related to 
investment services and transactions with Notes and receive automated portfolio management 
services and, including but not limited (b) the Issuer and the lending company or other originator 
to transfer title in the receivables and exchange information in relation to the receivables. 
● 
Acts as an assignment, placement, calculation, transfer and paying agent for the Notes including 
(a) transfer of funds to the Issuer following placement of Notes, (b) settlement of payments due 
between the Issuer and other parties, (c) payments to the Investment Accounts, (d) provides 
information regarding Investors to the Issuer to calculate any withholding taxes on payments and 
(e) provides information on Payment Events through API from the involved parties. 
● 
Maintains the register of Noteholders. 
● 
Complies with the Transaction Documents including monitoring of compliance with the covenants 
and other provisions of the transaction documents. See the section entitled ‘4. TRANSACTION 
OVERVIEW – TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS’ of this Base Prospectus for more information. 
● 
Prepares and submits reports for legal and regulatory purposes to the NCA, the Latvian State 
Revenue Service and others.

--- Page 36 ---
35 
 
7. THE PROPERTY ENTITY 
o 
Business overview 
The Property Entity is a limited liability company registered in the Commercial Register of the Register of 
Enterprises of the Republic of Latvia on 05.07.2024 under unified registration number: 40203573111, with 
legal address at Šķūņu str.6-22, Riga, Latvia. 
Founded in 2024, the Property Entity focuses on acquiring, managing, and leasing residential real estate. 
Its business model revolves around generating revenue through short-term rentals and long-term leases, 
primarily for EU residents. All properties currently held by the Property Entity are located in Riga, Latvia, 
and benefit from a well-established rental stream via platforms like Airbnb and Booking.com. The Property 
Entity plans to expand its portfolio to other cities and countries across Europe, with the proceeds from the 
Bonds offered to the Issuer being used to finance the acquisition of additional properties for leasing to 
tenants.  
o 
Financial information 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Property Entity has been in operation since July 2024, and 
accordingly, no financial statements have been prepared. The Property Entity is incorporated as a 
separate company to manage the Properties partially or fully funded under this Base Prospectus. This 
keeps those Properties separate from any other properties the Property Entity owns. This makes it easier 
to track the costs of running these specific Properties.  
The financial statements will be prepared in accordance with the Latvian Generally Accepted Accounting 
Principles (GAAP). 
The audited financial statement of the Property Entity for the year 2024 will be prepared in term according 
to the Law on the Annual Statements and Consolidated Annual Statements, and will be published on 
Mintos website. 
o 
Litigation 
The Property Entity (whether as a defendant or otherwise) is not and has not been involved in any 
governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or 
threatened of which the Property Entity is aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of this Base 
Prospectus which may have, or have in such period had, a significant effect on the financial position or 
profitability of the Property Entity. 
o 
Administrative, management and supervisory bodies 
The following table shows the main administrative, managerial and supervisory positions of the Property 
Entity: 
Name 
Position / 
function  
(year since) 
Education and business experience summary 
Ieva Driksna 
Member 
of 
the 
Board (2024) 
Ieva Driksna has a Bachelor's degree in Business/Commerce 
from RISEBA University of Applied Sciences, studied Law at 
Latvijas Universitate, and is a certified PRINCE2® Practitioner. 
Throughout her career, she has held key administrative roles, 
including Head of the Administrative Department at BTA Baltic 
Insurance and Head of Office Management at SEB Bank,

--- Page 37 ---
36 
 
focusing on operational efficiency, policy development, and 
cross-border business support. In 2022, Ieva co-founded an 
NGO, raising €5 million and received the Order of the Three 
Stars for her contributions. Most recently, she served as the 
Chief Administrative Officer at DelfinGroup - NASDAQ listed 
company, where she led the rebuilding of administrative 
functions to support business growth and international 
expansion 
o 
Shareholders 
The share capital of the Property Entity is EUR 3000 divided into 3000 shares with a nominal value of 
EUR 1 per each, which is fully paid in. Each share is entitled to one vote.  
Name 
Share % Registration no. 
Form of control 
Domicile 
AS Entrum  
100 
40203587696  
Direct shareholder 
Latvia  
 
The shareholders of AS Entrum are SIA MS Cap, reg. No. 40103841447 (Latvia), and AS ALPPES 
Capital, reg. No. 52103097551 (Latvia), with each holding 50% of the shares. These shareholders each 
are also a shareholder of Mintos with a qualified holding with respect to it.

--- Page 38 ---
37 
 
8. THE BONDS 
o 
Legal nature, jurisdiction and the applicable law of the Bonds  
The Property Entity intends to issue the Bonds according to the Bonds’ Documents. The Bonds are 
dematerialised and are held on Mintos securities accounts. The Bondholder, whose Bonds are held in 
securities account with Mintos, is entitled to receive Bonds’ Receivables and the nominal payments 
thereunder. It is planned to issue the Bonds with nominal value of EUR 1 (one euro) for one Bond, in 
several series. The Bonds currency is euro. 
 
The Bonds will be offered in private placement. 
 
Neither the Subscription Agreement, nor other Bonds’ Documents are a prospectus for the purposes of 
the Prospectus Regulation, and the Bonds’ Documents have been prepared on the basis that all offers of 
the debt securities that are issued by the Property Entity according to the Subscription Agreement will be 
made pursuant to an exemption from the obligation to publish a prospectus under point (b) of Article 1 (4) 
of  the Prospectus Regulation, i.e. an offer of the Bonds is addressed only to one investor in Latvia - the 
Issuer. 
 
The Bonds rank pari passu with other bonds issued by the Property Entity. In case of the insolvency of 
the Property Entity, the investors will be entitled to recover their investment on the same terms as other 
creditors in the respective claims’ group according to the relevant applicable laws. There are no contracts 
or other transaction documents that would subordinate the claims of the Bonds' investors to other 
unsecured liabilities of the Property Entity. 
 
o 
Repayment and maturity 
The nominal (face value) of one Bond is EUR 1 (one euro). The principal amount of the Bonds is linked 
and contingent on the sale of the corresponding Property, or may be repaid in full by other means available 
to the Property Entity at the time of the Bonds' maturity date or prior to that date in accordance with terms 
of the Bonds' Documents. According to the Subscription Agreement the maturity term when the Bonds 
shall be redeemed by the Property Entity is up to 30 (thirty) years. 
 
The Bonds can be redeemed (ordinary redemption; mandatory early redemption; voluntary early 
termination) before their maturity date due to reasons and in order as described in the Bonds’ Documents. 
 
 
These characteristics of the Bonds as described above demonstrate capacity to produce funds to service 
any payments due and payable on the Notes.

--- Page 39 ---
38 
 
9. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE REAL ESTATE SECURITIES 
The following are the terms and conditions of the Real Estate Securities (the Terms and Conditions) 
which, together with the relevant Final Terms, will be applicable to the specified Series of Real Estate 
Securities. The relevant Final Terms will complete the Terms and Conditions in relation to each Series of 
Real Estate Securities.    
 
Throughout the remainder of these Terms and Conditions, the term “Notes” is equivalent to the 
term “Real Estate Securities”, and both terms are used interchangeably. 
 
Save where the context requires otherwise, references in the Terms and Conditions to Notes are to the 
Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes of other Series that may be issued under these Terms and 
Conditions. 
In these Terms and Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, words denoting the singular include 
the plural and vice versa. 
In these Terms and Conditions, references to a specified Condition will be construed as a reference to 
that specific Condition of these Terms and Conditions as in force for the time being and as amended or 
supplemented from time to time. 
The headings are inserted for convenience of reference only and will not affect the interpretation of these 
Terms and Conditions. 
In these Terms and Conditions, reference to any other document will be construed as references to that 
document as in force the time being and as amended, supplemented or substituted. 
The use of the word including means including without limitation. 
Words and expressions used in these Terms and Conditions in capitals and not defined will have the 
meanings given to them in the Final Terms unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise 
stated. 
DEFINITIONS 
In these Terms and Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following definitions will apply: 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: the aggregate nominal amount of the Notes as specified in the Final 
Terms. 
API: application programming interface to exchange and transmit information and data in a structured 
form between the Issuer and Mintos. 
Available Distribution Amount: the amounts received by the Issuer from the Series. 
Base Prospectus: the base prospectus in relation to the Notes. 
Bonds: bonds issued by the Property Entity and held by the Issuer as an asset backed security for the 
Notes. 
Property Entity: SIA Entrum Latvia, a limited liability company registered in the Commercial Register of 
the Register of Enterprises of the Republic of Latvia on 05.07.2024 under unified registration number: 
40203573111, with legal address at Šķūņu str.6-22, Riga, Latvia. 
Bonds’ Documents: the Subscription Agreement and Terms and Conditions of the Bonds. 
Bonds’ Receivables: the interest payable on the Bonds. The Bonds will bear interest at a rate indicated 
in the Final Terms, subject to conditions of the Subscription Agreement. The interest on the Bonds will be 
calculated and payable according to the Bonds’ Documents.

--- Page 40 ---
39 
 
Bonds’ Receivables Payments: interest payments made by the Property Entity under the Bonds’ 
Documents.   
Business Day: any day on which banks in the Republic of Latvia are open for business, except for 
Saturdays, Sundays and national holidays of the Republic of Latvia. 
Cooperation Agreement: the cooperation agreement between the Issuer, the Property Entity and Mintos 
in relation to the Notes. 
Final Terms: the final terms of the Notes. 
Interest: the interest under the Notes or the Series. 
Interest Accrual Periods: the periods during which Interest accrues on the Notes as specified in the 
Final Terms. 
Interest Payment Date: each date on which Interest is payable under the Notes as specified in the Final 
Terms. 
Interest Rate: the rate at which Interest accrues on the Notes as specified in the Final Terms. 
Investment Accounts: the financial instruments account and the cash account of the Investor opened 
with Mintos. 
Issue Date: the issue date of the Notes being the date on which the Notes are first made available for 
subscription as specified in the Final Terms. 
Issuer: SIA Mintos Finance No. 55, registered on 04.10.2024, with the registration number: 40203593334, 
registered address: Skanstes street 52, Riga, LV-1013, a special purpose entity whose principal purpose 
is the issue of Notes. 
Issuer’s Account: the cash funds account of the Issuer opened with Mintos which is used solely for 
settling payments with the Investors. 
Maturity Date: the scheduled maturity date of the Notes as specified in the Final Terms. 
Mintos: AS Mintos Marketplace, a joint stock company registered in the Commercial Register of the 
Register of Enterprises of the Republic of Latvia under unified registration number 40103903643 on 1 
June 2015, having registered address: 50 Skanstes Street, Riga, LV-1013, Latvia. 
Noteholder: each person who appears as a holder of any Note from time to time in the electronic register 
maintained by Mintos. 
Notes: notes issued or to be issued by the Issuer. 
Payment Event: the date on which any full or partial payment under the Bonds occurs.    
Principal Amount Outstanding: the Aggregate Nominal Amount multiplied by the Sink Factor.  
Priority of Payments: the priority of payments set out in Condition 7.  
Redemption Date: each date on which the Notes are redeemed as specified in the Final Terms. 
Series: Notes with the same Issue Date and the same Terms and Conditions and identified in the relevant 
Final Terms as forming a series. 
Sink Factor: a fractional number between 0 to 1 (inclusive) up to 16 decimal figures as determined by 
the Issuer from time to time which reflects the then Principal Amount Outstanding taking into account any 
partial redemptions of the Notes.

--- Page 41 ---
40 
 
Specified Currency: the currency of the Notes as specified in the Final Terms. 
Specified Denominations: the specified denominations of the Notes as specified in the Final Terms. 
Transaction Documents: the Cooperation Agreement, Subscription Agreement and any other document 
designated by the Issuer as a Transaction Document. 
1.  
UNDERTAKINGS OF THE ISSUER  
The undertakings in this Condition 1 remain in force for so long as any of the Notes are 
outstanding. 
1.1 
Authorisations and compliance with laws 
The Issuer will promptly obtain, comply with and do all that is necessary to maintain in full force 
and effect any authorisation required under any law or regulation of Latvia to enable it to perform 
its obligations under the Notes or own title in the Bonds, and carry on its business as it is being 
conducted. The Issuer will comply in all respects with all laws to which it is subject. 
1.2 
Negative covenants 
Other than in connection with the Notes or as provided in the Base Prospectus, the Issuer will 
not: 
(a) 
sell, transfer, create any security over or otherwise dispose of any of the Bonds; 
(b) 
incur or permit to be outstanding any financial indebtedness;  
(c) 
be the creditor to any person; 
(d) 
give or allow to be outstanding any guarantee or indemnity to or for the benefit of any 
person in respect of any obligation of any other person; 
(e)  
carry on any business other than as a special-purpose pass-through undertaking 
established for the purpose of issuing and offering Notes, which are backed by the Bonds, 
to Investors on the Platform; or 
(f) 
use the Issuer’s Account for any purpose other than as provided in these Terms and 
Conditions and the Transaction Documents.  
2.  
GENERAL 
2.1 
The Issuer under these Terms and Conditions together with the corresponding Final Terms has 
authorised the creation, issue and sale of the Notes. The issue of Notes on the Issue Date 
specified in the Final Terms will correspond to the Issuer obtaining title to the Bonds with a total 
amount equal to the Aggregate Nominal Amount. 
2.2 
Subject to Condition 25, the Issuer will obtain the title to the Bonds on the condition that Mintos 
has determined that it has all the data it requires in relation to the Bonds’ Receivables in 
accordance with the Bonds’ Documents. The condition in no case implies either the Issuer or 
Mintos has any obligation to examine, verify or assess Bonds’ Documents data, including, through 
the use of any documentary evidence. 
2.3 
In each case where amounts of principal, Interest, other return and additional amounts (if any) 
are payable in respect of the Notes, the obligations of the Issuer to make any such payment will

--- Page 42 ---
41 
 
constitute an obligation only to account to the Noteholders on each date on which such amounts 
are due, for an amount equal to amounts of principal, Interest, other return and additional amounts 
(if any) actually received by the Issuer in relation to the Bonds. 
2.4 
Neither the Issuer nor Mintos are liable to make any payments in respect of the Notes other than 
as expressly provided in these Terms and Conditions. 
2.5 
Save for any fees payable to the Mintos, so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the 
issue of the Notes has any material interest to the offer of the Notes except Martins Sulte (with 
indirect economic interests) who holds position of member of the management board and is 
beneficial owner of SIA MS Cap, registration number: 40103841447 (Latvia), i.e. one of the 
shareholders of AS Entrum, which is the parent company of the Property Entity; and also holds 
position of chairman of the management board of AS Mintos Holdings, registration number: 
40103902690 (Latvia), SIA Mintos Capital Management, registration number: 40203178505 
(Latvia) (which is parent company of the Issuer), Issuer and Mintos; and position of chairperson 
of council of AS Entrum, registration number: 40203587696 (Latvia). 
3.  
STATUS 
3.1 
The Notes constitute direct, general, unsubordinated and limited recourse debt obligations of the 
Issuer, which rank pari passu among themselves; and at all times these obligations rank at least 
pari passu with all other present and future direct, general, unsubordinated and limited recourse 
obligations of the Issuer arising from the present and further Series, except for those obligations 
as may be preferred by applicable law. 
3.2 
No proprietary or other direct interest in the Issuer’s rights under or in respect of any of the 
Transaction Documents, the Bonds’ Receivables and the principal of the Bonds, exists for the 
benefit of the Noteholders. Subject to these Terms and Conditions, no Noteholder will and will 
have any right to enforce any of the Transaction Documents and the Bonds’ Receivables, or any 
direct recourse to the Property Entity. 
4.  
FORM 
The Notes are issued by the Issuer in registered form which are deposited and held as book-
entry with Mintos.  
5.  
ISSUE OF NOTES 
The Notes are issued on the Issue Date in the Aggregate Nominal Amount, the Specified 
Denominations and the Specified Currency as specified in the Final Terms.   
6.  
REGISTER, TITLE AND TRANSFERS 
6.1 
Mintos maintains an electronic register of Noteholders in accordance with the Cooperation 
Agreement. No certificates will be issued to any Noteholder in respect of its holding. 
6.2 
Each Noteholder will (except as otherwise required by law) be treated as the absolute owner of 
any relevant Note for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of 
ownership, trust, nomineeship or any other interest in the Note), and no person will be liable for 
so treating the Noteholder. 
6.3 
The Notes are held and freely transferred only between the financial instrument accounts at 
Mintos of Noteholders. No application has been or will be made to trade the Notes on any 
regulated market or any other trading venue, other than the Platform.

--- Page 43 ---
42 
 
6.4 
A transfer of any Note between the Noteholders may be affected by Mintos which may require as 
conditions to the transfer of (a) provision of documents and information, (b) payment of any 
transfer fee and (c) payment of any tax or other governmental charges, in each case, by the 
relevant Noteholder in accordance with terms and conditions of the Platform. 
7.  
PRIORITY OF PAYMENTS 
All funds received by the Issuer in relation to the Bonds, to the extent legally permitted, will be 
applied by the Issuer in the following order of priority: 
(a) 
first, in or towards payment of any amounts owed by the Issuer to any tax authority and 
required to be paid by the Issuer under or pursuant to the Notes; 
 
(b) 
second, in payment or satisfaction of all fees and penalty fees then due and unpaid to 
Mintos if any; 
(c) 
third, in or towards payment or satisfaction of all amounts then due and unpaid as 
commissions, fees, costs, charges, expenses and liabilities incurred or payable for 
servicing of the Bonds; 
(d) 
fourth, in or towards payment or satisfaction of any costs, including legal fees, for any 
action to recover funds, collect or restructure payment obligations, or taking any other 
actions to receive the Bonds’ Receivables. 
(e) 
fifth, to the Noteholders in or towards the payment or discharge of all amounts of Interest 
and Principal Amount Outstanding then due and payable under or in respect of Series. 
Such payment or discharge is done by placing Notes of all Series outstanding in the 
chronological order from the Notes having oldest Payment Event to the Notes having 
newest Payment Event, and then applying a pro rata approach on each particular Series 
level. 
Neither the Issuer nor Mintos will be liable for applying the Priority of Payments, including for any 
minor errors, pursuant to Condition 25. 
8.  
INTEREST 
8.1 
Payment of Interest 
Each Note bears Interest from (and including) the date on which the Note is delivered to the 
Noteholder’s Investment Account. Interest will be calculated in accordance with Conditions 8.2, 
and payable in the Specified Currency in arrears on each Interest Payment Date.  
8.2  
Accrual of Interest 
The Interest payable on any Interest Payment Date in respect of each Note is as follows: 
 
 
 
 
Net Property Payments / Principal Amount Outstanding / 365 * actual calendar days in a month*  
*from the day when the Notes are purchased or from the day of the last Interest Payment Date, as the case 
may be, but not including the next Interest Payment Date, divided by actual calendar days in the interest 
period multiplied by the number of interest periods and by reference to a year of 365 days. 
Interest rate means the same rate that in the respective period applies to the Bonds according to the 
Subscription Agreement. The rate of 7.5% (seven point five percent) that will be indicated in the Final Terms 
is the most probable rate based on Property Entity's assumptions, nevertheless there are provisions set out

--- Page 44 ---
43 
 
in the Subscription Agreement that may cause the rate to be different (higher or lower than the mentioned 
7.5% (seven point five percent)).  
Any payment of Interest will be made only in accordance with Conditions 7, 11 and 25, and 
will be subject to the relevant Payment Event having occurred and the Issuer having 
actually received the corresponding payment under the Bonds. 
9.  
PRINCIPAL REDEMPTION 
9.1  
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified in these Terms and 
Conditions, each Note will be redeemed at the Principal Amount Outstanding on the Maturity Date 
contingent on the Bonds redemption value according to the Bonds’ Documents. 
9.2  
Early Redemption 
A proportion of the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Notes will be redeemed pro rata on each 
Redemption Date and at any other time any principal payment from the Bonds is received by the 
Issuer, without any prior notice to Noteholders. The Principal Amount Outstanding of the Notes 
redeemed will be in the same proportion as the proportion that the principal payment received by 
the Issuer has to the total principal amount outstanding of the Bonds immediately before the 
principal payment. Any accrued but unpaid Interest associated to that proportion of the Principal 
Amount Outstanding of the Notes being redeemed will be paid at the same time. For the 
avoidance of doubt if the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Notes is redeemed, the nominal 
amount of each Note (as specified in Final Terms) is constant and remains unchanged. 
Any repayment of the Principal Amount Outstanding will be made only in accordance with 
Conditions 7, 11 and 25, and will be subject to the relevant Payment Event having occurred 
and the Issuer having actually received the corresponding payment under the Bonds. 
10.  
INTEREST AND PRINCIPAL DETERMINATION  
10.1 
Mintos determines (a) the amount of Interest payable in accordance with Condition 8 for each 
Interest Payment Date and (b) the amount of principal payable in accordance with Condition 9 on 
each Redemption Date and the Maturity Date, on its review of the following information: 
(i) 
the Payment Events which have arisen;  
(ii) 
aggregate payment amounts paid by the Property Entity which have been received from 
the Property Entity;  
(iii) 
the amounts then due and owed by the Issuer according to the Priority of Payments on 
the Interest Payment Date, the Redemption Date or the Maturity Date. 
10.2 
On each Interest Payment Date, each Redemption Date and the Maturity Date, Mintos on the 
Issuer's behalf will direct the payment of Interest and principal amounts to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 11.  
10.3 
If after application of the Priority of Payments the Issuer has insufficient funds on any Interest 
Payment Date, any Redemption Date or the Maturity Date to make a payment of Interest or 
principal in full as required by Conditions 8 and 9, on behalf of the Issuer, Mintos at its sole 
discretion may decide that the Issuer pays part of the amount due or defers the payment until the 
full amount due is available, and such partial payment or deferral will not constitute an Event of

--- Page 45 ---
44 
 
Default under these Terms and Conditions. 
10.4 
All determinations, calculations and adjustments made by Mintos will be made in conjunction with 
the Issuer and will, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive in all respects and binding 
upon the Issuer and all Noteholders. 
11.  
PAYMENTS 
11.1 
Payments of Interest and principal  
Subject to Conditions 7 and 12, the Issuer will, from any Available Distribution Amount: 
(a) 
pay the Interest on the Notes in accordance with Condition 8 on each Interest Payment 
Date; and 
(b) 
redeem the Notes in accordance with Condition 9 on each Redemption Date and the 
Maturity Date. 
11.2 
Notes contingent payments 
All payments of Interest and principal by the Issuer under the Notes are dependent on the Issuer 
having received information on the Payment Event and the Available Distribution Amount being 
sufficient to make the relevant payments in accordance with the Priority of Payments. The Notes 
will not give rise to the Issuer having any payment obligation in excess of the foregoing. 
11.3 
Excluded. 
11.4 
Insufficient funds on the Maturity Date 
If any amounts on the Notes are outstanding on the Maturity Date, the Maturity Date will be 
automatically postponed to the date on which all amounts due and payable under the Notes are 
paid. If however, the Bonds’ redemption value according to the Bonds’ Documents is lower than 
the amount of the Notes outstanding, then the Maturity Date will not be postponed. 
11.5 
Payments to the Noteholders 
Any payments of Interest and redemption amounts in respect of the Notes will be made to the 
relevant Investment Account.  
11.6 
Taxes 
All payments and/or deliveries in respect of the Notes made by or on behalf of the Issuer will be 
made subject to any withholding or deduction for any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges of whatever nature which may be required to be withheld or deducted.  
The Issuer or Mintos will: 
(a) 
not be liable as a result for, or otherwise obliged to pay, any additional amount to any of 
the Noteholders in respect of, or compensation for, any such withholding or deduction or 
any other amounts withheld or deducted; 
(b) 
not be liable for or otherwise obliged to pay, and the relevant Noteholder will be liable for 
and/or pay, any tax, duty, charge, withholding or other payment whatsoever which may 
arise as a result of, or in connection with, the ownership, any transfer (or agreement to

--- Page 46 ---
45 
 
transfer), any payment and/or any delivery (or any agreement for delivery) in respect of 
the Notes held by such Noteholder; and 
(c) 
have the right but will not be obliged (unless required by law), to withhold or deduct from 
any amount payable or, as the case may be, any delivery due to the relevant Noteholder, 
such amount or portion as will be necessary to account for or to pay any such tax, duty, 
charge, withholding or other payment. 
The Noteholders will agree to provide the Issuer and/or Mintos with all information and 
documentation required by the Issuer and/or Mintos, as the case may be, to satisfy any Latvian 
or other country tax or regulatory obligations at any time. 
11.7 
Payments on Business Days 
If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Notes is not a Business Day, the 
Noteholder will not be entitled to payment of the amount due until the next succeeding Business 
Day in such place and will not be entitled to any further interest or other payment in respect of 
any such delay. 
12.  
LIMITED RECOURSE AND NON-PETITION 
12.1 
Notwithstanding anything in the Base Prospectus, the obligations of the Issuer in respect of the 
Notes are limited recourse obligations which are payable solely from the sums of principal, 
Interest, other return and additional amounts (if any) actually received (and identified as such) in 
relation to the Bonds. 
12.2 
All payments to be made by the Issuer in respect of the Notes will be made only from and to the 
extent of the sums received or recovered from time to time by or on behalf of the Issuer under 
the Bonds, subject always to the Priority of Payments. 
12.3 
In relation to any sums received or recovered, the Issuer (or Mintos on its behalf) will follow these 
Terms and Conditions in determining to which Series of Notes such sums relate and such 
determination will be binding on Noteholders of all Series in the absence of manifest error. 
12.4 
To the extent that the sums referred to in Condition 12.1 are less than the amount which the 
Noteholders may have expected and been entitled to receive (such difference being referred to 
as the shortfall), the shortfall will be borne by the Noteholders. 
12.5 
Each Noteholder, on subscribing or buying any Note directly, of the Platform or any other way, 
irrevocably accept and acknowledge that it is fully aware that: 
(a) 
only the sums referred to in this Condition 12, and Conditions 7 and 11 will be available 
for any payments to be made by the Issuer in respect of the Notes; 
(b) 
the sums which are attributable to another Series of Notes are only available in 
satisfaction of the obligations of the Issuer to such Noteholders; 
(c) 
the obligations of the Issuer to make payments in respect of the Notes will be limited to 
the sums and the Noteholders will have no recourse to the Issuer, Mintos or their 
respective shareholders, directors, officers, employees, affiliates, successors or assigns 
in respect of the Notes for the shortfall; 
(d) 
no Noteholder is entitled to proceed against the Issuer or Mintos for the shortfall;

--- Page 47 ---
46 
 
(e) 
following the realisation and distribution of the net proceeds from the Bonds’ Receivables 
in accordance with the Priority of Payments, the Noteholders or anyone acting on behalf 
of any of them will not be entitled to take any further steps against the Issuer or Mintos 
to recover any further sum and the right to receive any such further sum will be deemed 
as fulfilled; and 
(f) 
no Noteholder will be entitled to petition or take any other step or join with any other 
person in bringing, instituting or joining, insolvency, winding-up, liquidation or bankruptcy 
proceedings (whether court-based or otherwise), or for the appointment of an examiner, 
liquidator or analogous person in relation to the Issuer, nor will it have any claim to, or in 
respect of any sum arising in respect of any assets of the Issuer. 
12.6 
Non-payment of the shortfall referred to in this Condition 12 will not constitute an Event of Default. 
12.7 
None of the shareholders of the Issuer, Mintos, the Property Entity has any obligation to any 
Noteholder for payment of any amount by the Issuer in respect of the Notes. 
12.8 
The provisions of this Condition 12 will survive redemption of the Notes. 
13.  
PURCHASE 
13.1 
The Issuer may at any time purchase Notes at any price on the Platform.  
13.2  
Any Note purchased by the Issuer on the sole discretion of the Issuer may be either cancelled or 
sold to any investor on behalf of the Issuer by Mintos.  
14.  
CANCELLATION 
All Notes which are redeemed or cancelled may not be re-issued or resold. 
15.  
PRESCRIPTION 
Any and all claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes will be prescribed and 
become void unless made within 10 years from the date on which payment in respect of the Notes 
first becomes due. 
16.  
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders create and issue further 
Series and further tranches of existing Series of Notes. A further tranche of an existing Series 
will: 
(a) 
be fungible with the Notes of that existing Series; 
(b) 
have the same terms and conditions as the Notes of that Series except for the Aggregate 
Nominal Amount, the Issue Date, the Issue Price, the Interest Accrual Periods, the first 
Interest Payment Date and the first Redemption Date; and 
(c) 
be consolidated and form a single Series with that existing Series of Notes, and 
references in these Terms and Conditions to Notes will be construed accordingly. 
17.  
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
17.1 
Any of the following events will constitute an event of default under the Notes (each, an Event of

--- Page 48 ---
47 
 
Default): 
(a) 
if any order is made by any competent court or any resolution passed for the winding- up 
or dissolution (including any bankruptcy, insolvency, voluntary, forced or judicial 
liquidation, composition with creditors, a reprieve from payment, controlled management, 
fraudulent conveyance, general settlement with creditors or reorganisation proceedings 
or similar proceedings affecting the rights of creditors generally) of the Issuer (save for 
the purposes of amalgamation, merger, consolidation, reorganisation or other similar 
arrangements); or  
(b) 
formal notice is given of an appointment an administrator (including any receiver, 
liquidator, auditor, verifier), provisional administrator; or  
(c) 
any application is made, or petition is lodged, or documents are filed with the court or 
administrator in relation to the Issuer for the actions, proceeding or procedures specified 
in paragraphs (a) or (b) above, unless such proceedings or petitions are disputed in good 
faith and are discharged, stayed or dismissed within 90 calendar days of commencement. 
17.2 
The Issuer is obliged to inform Mintos immediately if any Event of Default should occur. Should 
Mintos not receive such information, Mintos is entitled to assume that no Event of Default exists 
or can be expected to occur, provided that Mintos does not have knowledge of any Event of 
Default. Mintos is under no obligation to make any investigations relating to any Event of Default. 
The Issuer will, at the request of Mintos, provide Mintos with details of any Event of Default and 
provide Mintos with all documents that may be of significance for the application of this Condition 
17. 
17.3  
If Mintos has been notified by the Issuer or has otherwise determined that there is an Event of 
Default, Mintos will, within 20 Business Days of the day of notification or determination, notify the 
Noteholders according to Condition 20.  
17.4 
Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, Notes are repaid according to the terms and 
conditions stipulated by this Base Prospectus and relevant Series Final Terms, unless otherwise 
required by a rule of the law. 
17.5 
Mintos, subject to the Noteholders indemnifying and holding Mintos harmless from any 
reasonable expenses, loss or liability, will take every reasonable measure necessary to recover 
the amounts outstanding under the Notes according to their terms and conditions and Transaction 
Documents. Mintos will in each case inform the Noteholders about the costs which should be 
compensated prior to requesting any indemnification. In any case Mintos will charge this 
compensation of costs only up to the recovered amount. Mintos will not ask for compensation of 
costs for its in-house staff and resources.  
17.6 
For the avoidance of doubt, if any payment is not made by the Issuer because the Issuer has not 
received the relevant amounts under the Series so that the Available Distribution Amount after 
application of the Priority of Payments is not enough to make payments due under the Notes in 
full, the occurrence of such event will, as such, not constitute an Event of Default. 
18.  
MEETING OF NOTEHOLDERS  
18.1 
General provisions  
The Issuer from time to time may convene a meeting of the Noteholders (the Noteholders 
Meeting) to adopt resolutions on certain matters. The Issuer at its own discretion decides which 
matters will be reserved for passing at the Noteholders Meeting.

--- Page 49 ---
48 
 
These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did 
not attend and vote at the Noteholders Meeting or in respect of the relevant resolution and 
Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. As a result, Noteholders may be 
bound by a change to these Terms and Conditions or by some other decision that affects 
Noteholders' investment in the Notes even though they have not agreed to such change.  
The Noteholders Meeting may adopt its resolutions in one of the two forms as chosen by the 
Issuer:  
(a)  
at a meeting held by attendance of the Noteholders to discuss the items on the agenda 
and pass resolutions on the matters put to the vote using ballots provided; or 
(b)  
by absentee voting (without attendance of the Noteholders to discuss the items on the 
agenda and pass resolutions on the matters put to the vote). 
The Noteholders Meeting will be chaired, and minutes taken by a representative of Mintos.  
18.2  
Resolutions of the Noteholders Meeting 
Matters put to the vote at a Noteholders Meeting and its agenda will be decided by the Issuer. 
The Noteholders may neither pass resolutions on the matters not included in its agenda nor 
amend the agenda. 
Resolutions passed by the Noteholders Meeting and voting results will be provided to the persons 
eligible to participate in the Noteholders Meeting in a report, which will be disclosed to the 
Noteholders as per the procedure prescribed with regard to sending notices of the Noteholders 
Meeting, within 5 Business Days after the closing date of the meeting or the final date for 
submitting the voting ballots in case of absentee voting. However, the failure to do so will not 
invalidate the resolution. 
The resolution will be binding on all the Noteholders, whether or not present at the Noteholders 
Meeting and each of them will be bound to give effect to it accordingly.  
18.3  
Information on holding a Noteholders Meeting 
The Issuer will notify the Noteholders about the Noteholders Meeting in accordance with the 
procedure below.  
A notice of the Noteholders Meeting (the Notice) will be given according to Condition 20 no later 
than 10 days in advance.  
The Notice will be given to the Noteholders registered on the date of the Notice in the electronic 
register of Noteholders maintained by Mintos. 
The Issuer may decide not to publish the Notice on the Platform. In such a case within the time 
specified in this Condition 18.3 the Issuer will send the Notice to the Noteholders by email. 
The Issuer may at its own discretion make available information to the Noteholders entitled to 
participate in the Noteholders Meeting as part of preparations for the Noteholders Meeting.  
18.4  
Quorum at a Noteholders Meeting  
A Noteholders Meeting will be deemed quorate if attended by Noteholders aggregately holding

--- Page 50 ---
49 
 
more than 50% of: 
(a) 
the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of all Series of Notes on the date of the 
Notice if the decision is related towards all Series of Notes outstanding; or 
(b) 
the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the relevant Series of Notes on the date 
of the Notice if the decision is related towards the relevant Series of Notes outstanding. 
The number of votes for each Noteholder equals the Principal Amount Outstanding in the 
respective Series on the date of the Notice. 
When a Noteholders Meeting is held by attendance of the Noteholders to discuss the items on 
the agenda and pass resolutions on the matters put to the vote, the Noteholders registered to 
participate in the Noteholders Meeting and the Noteholders whose ballots have been received no 
later than 2 days before the meeting will be deemed to have participated in the meeting.  
When a Noteholders Meeting is held in the form of absentee voting, the Noteholders whose 
ballots have been received before the final date for submitting the ballots will be deemed to have 
participated in the meeting.  
Where there is no quorum for a Noteholders Meeting, a second Noteholders Meeting will be held 
with the same agenda. Such second Noteholders Meeting will be deemed quorate if attended by 
Noteholders aggregately holding more than 30% of: 
(a) 
the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of all Series of Notes on the date of the 
Notice if the decision is related towards all Series of Notes outstanding; or 
(b) 
the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the relevant Series of Notes on the date 
of the Notice if the decision is related towards the relevant Series of Notes outstanding. 
Subject to the quorum being present, the decisions on the Noteholders Meeting agenda will be 
adopted per each item of the agenda by the majority from the total number  of votes provided. 
18.5 
Voting ballots 
Ballots for voting at a Noteholders Meeting will be sent together with the Notice according to 
Condition 18.3.  
Ballots for voting will be in the English language.  
Voting could be convened as an e-voting through filling-out an electronic voting ballot through the 
interface of the Platform. 
Noteholders included in the list of those entitled to participate in the Noteholders Meeting other 
than the Noteholders Meeting held in the form of absentee voting, or their representatives, may 
register to participate or forward their completed ballots to the Issuer. Voting ballots will be 
counted towards the calculation of the quorum and voting results if received by the company no 
later than 2 days before the Noteholders Meeting. 
The voting ballot will contain the information about the Noteholders Meeting including but not 
limited to:  
- 
information about the Issuer, including address and contact person;

--- Page 51 ---
50 
 
- 
details identifying the Series of Notes; 
- 
form of the Noteholders Meeting (attendance or by absentee voting); 
- 
date, place and time of the Noteholders Meeting if it is held in the form of attendance of 
the Noteholders; 
- 
Principal Amount Outstanding; and 
- 
voting options for each item on the agenda, expressed as “for”, “against”, or “abstained”, 
and the indication that the voting ballot must be signed by a person entitled to participate 
in the Noteholders Meeting or its representative unless convened by e-voting. 
When voting by ballots, only those voting ballots are counted where for each item only one voting 
option is selected. The voting ballots completed in breach of the aforementioned requirement will 
be deemed invalid. However, if there are several items put to the vote on the voting ballot, breach 
of the aforementioned requirement with respect to one or several items will not affect the validity 
of the remaining ballot. If a voting ballot is rendered invalid with respect to voting on one, several 
or all items included in such ballot, the votes so cast in such ballot will not be excluded from the 
calculation of the quorum. If a voting ballot is rendered invalid, the votes on the items contained 
in the voting ballot will not be counted. 
18.6 
Counting  
The counting functions will be performed by Mintos, which will check the powers of, and register 
the participants in a Noteholders Meeting, determine the quorum at a Noteholders Meeting, count 
the votes and determine the voting results, draw up the voting minutes and hand over the voting 
ballots to the archive. 
19.  
SUBSTITUTION 
19.1 
The Issuer or any previous substitute company may be substituted by any other company as 
principal obligor under all of the Notes then outstanding provided that such substitution would not 
be materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders and subject to the other Terms and 
Conditions being complied with, including with provisions of the Transaction Documents, and 
further provided that Latvijas Banka has given its prior consent to such substitution if any needed 
according to the applicable law. 
19.2 
By subscribing to, or otherwise acquiring, the Notes, the Noteholders expressly consent to the 
substitution of the Issuer and to the release of the Issuer from any and all obligations in respect 
of the Notes and any relevant agreements and are expressly deemed to have accepted such 
substitution and the consequences of such substitution. 
19.3 
Any such substitution will be notified to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 20. 
20.  
NOTICES AND PROVISION OF INFORMATION 
20.1  
Notices to the Noteholders will be given upon sole discretion of the Issuer in the English language 
and/or any other language the Issuer deems fit for such purposes and will be given by using one 
or several communication channels: 
(a) 
emailed to respective email addresses in the register of Noteholders and deemed to have 
been given within 24 hours after the dispatch; and

--- Page 52 ---
51 
 
(b) 
delivered to Mintos for further communication to the Noteholder according to the services 
provision agreement between Mintos and the Noteholder (including times when deemed 
to have been duly given). 
20.2 
Any notices, demands, claims or other communication to the Issuer by any Noteholder will be in 
the English language and will be given by using one of the following communication channels:  
(a)  
delivered by hand or courier and deemed to have been given on the same day of delivery; 
and 
(b) 
delivered by registered mail and deemed to have been given on the 10th calendar day 
following the date indicated on the stamp by the postal service provider on the 
acceptance of a registered letter. 
20.3.  
For the purposes of Condition 20.2 notices or other communications addressed to the Issuer will 
be given to Mintos, serving as an agent for this purpose: 
AS Mintos Marketplace 
50 Skanstes Street, Riga, LV-1013, Latvia 
For the attention of SIA Mintos Finance No. 55 
21.  
AGENTS 
21.1  
Mintos acts solely as an agent of the Issuer and does not assume any obligation or duty to, or 
any relationship of agency or trust for or with, any Noteholder. 
21.2  
The Issuer subject to the provisions of the Transaction Documents reserves the right at any time 
to vary or terminate the appointment of Mintos and any other party to any of the Transaction 
Documents. 
21.3 
Without prejudice to section 18 of these Terms and Conditions neither Mintos nor Issuer is 
representing the Noteholders in regards to the Notes and on the basis of this Base Prospectus 
there are no organisations representing the Investors and there are no provisions applying to 
such representation.  
22.  
FORCE MAJEURE 
Neither the Issuer nor Mintos will be responsible for any failure to perform any of its respective 
obligations under these Terms and Conditions which is due to any reason that is independent of 
that person’s will and has resulted from a force majeure event. A force majeure event will apply 
only and solely if that person has taken all steps that depend on it in order to perform the 
obligation. Once the force majeure event has finished, that person must immediately resume the 
performance of the obligation. The following circumstances will be considered as force majeure 
events: 
(a) 
extraordinary and unavoidable circumstances including natural disasters, fire, flood, 
earthquake, warfare, terror acts, riots and strikes; 
(b) 
technical failures, delays or malfunctions; failure of computers, communications systems, 
hardware and/or software; power supply malfunctions; or other critical infrastructure 
malfunctions, which neither the Issuer nor Mintos could have prevented or predicted; 
(c) 
decisions and/or activities of local and/or foreign public authorities, and/or international 
organisations;

--- Page 53 ---
52 
 
(d) 
entry into force, amendments and/or suspension of a statutory act binding on either the 
issuer or Mintos affecting the performance of obligations under these Terms and 
Conditions; and 
(e) 
any circumstance defined as a force majeure circumstance in any of the Transaction 
Documents. 
23.  
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
23.1 
The Notes (and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes) are 
governed by and will be construed in accordance with the law of the Republic of Latvia. 
23.2 
The courts of the Republic of Latvia are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise 
out of or in connection with the Notes (including any disputes relating to any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes) and accordingly any legal action or 
proceedings arising out of or in conjunction with the Notes may be brought in such courts. The 
Issuer and each of the Noteholders irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of such courts. 
24.  
AMENDMENTS AND MODIFICATIONS 
To comply with any applicable law, the Issuer may validly amend or supplement these Terms and 
Conditions by publishing the changed Terms and Conditions on the Platform without the consent 
of the Noteholders. 
25.  
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY, AND REPRESENTATION AND WARRANTIES OF THE 
NOTEHOLDER  
25.1 
Notwithstanding anything in the Base Prospectus, other than with respect to gross negligence or 
wilful misconduct by the Issuer and/or Mintos, neither the Issuer nor Mintos will be held liable by 
any Noteholder for: 
(a)  
any material error, misrepresentation, omission or fraud by the Property Entity; 
(b)  
failure of the Property Entity for whatever reason to inform the Issuer and/or Mintos of the 
Payment Event having occurred or for the information being inaccurate or wrong; 
(c) 
the Bonds’ Receivables; or 
(d) 
determinations and decisions when distributing amounts under the Notes, including, 
when applying the Priority of Payments, deciding whether to defer payment or make a 
partial payment, relying upon or deciding if and when there is no realistic prospect of 
collecting further funds under issued Notes, including in the event of default of the 
Property Entity. 
25.2  
In any and all cases liability of the Issuer and/or Mintos to any Noteholder under these Terms and 
Conditions will be limited to the amount invested in the impacted Notes by the Noteholder. 
25.3 
Each Noteholder, on subscribing or buying any Note directly, through a portfolio management 
service of the Platform or any other way, irrevocably accept and acknowledge that it is fully aware 
that: 
(a) 
the Issuer and Mintos do not make any representation or warranty in respect of, or will 
not at any time have any responsibility for, or, save as otherwise expressly provided in 
these Terms and Conditions, liability or obligation in respect of the performance and

--- Page 54 ---
53 
 
observance by the Property Entity of its obligations under the Bonds’ Documents; 
(b) 
the Issuer and Mintos will not at any time have any responsibility for, or obligation or 
liability in respect of, the condition, financial or otherwise, covenant, creditworthiness, 
affairs, status or nature of the Property Entity or any other person; 
(c) 
the Issuer and Mintos will not at any time be liable for any representation or warranty, or 
any act, default or omission of the Property Entity or other person; 
(d) 
the Issuer will not at any time have any responsibility for, or liability or obligation in respect 
of, the performance and observance by Mintos of its obligations under the Transaction 
Documents or any other agreement entered or to be entered into by and between the 
Noteholders and Mintos;  
(e) 
financial servicing and performance of the terms of the Notes depend upon the 
performance of the Property Entity of its obligations under the Bonds’ Documents, its 
duties to make payments under the terms of the Bonds’ Documents, and its credit and 
financial standing, and the performance of its guarantors (if any) and/or the pledgors (if 
any) of their respective contractual obligations towards the Issuer and Mintos as well as 
their respective credit and financial standing; 
(f) 
the Notes, which the Noteholder has or will acquire, reflect the performance of the Bonds. 
The Noteholder has no direct recourse to any of the Bonds. Once the Bonds’ Receivables 
have been realised according to these Terms and Conditions, the Noteholder is not 
entitled to take any further steps against the Issuer or Mintos to recover any further sums 
due and the right to receive any such sum will be extinguished. The Noteholder accepts 
not to attach or otherwise seize any of the assets of the Issuer. In particular, the 
Noteholder will not be entitled to petition or take any step for the winding-up, the 
liquidation or the bankruptcy of the Issuer or any similar insolvency-related proceedings 
and such petition or action will be treated as null and void as from its initiation time; and 
(g) 
the Investment Accounts will be opened and be held by the Noteholder fully operational 
with Mintos while the Noteholder holds any Notes.

--- Page 55 ---
54 
 
10. TAXATION 
 
The information provided in this section shall not be treated as legal or tax advice; and prospective 
investors are advised to consult their own tax advisors as to the tax consequences of the subscription, 
ownership and disposal of the Notes applicable to their particular circumstances. The following is a 
general summary of certain tax considerations in the Republic of Latvia in relation to the Notes. It is not 
exhaustive and does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax consequences relating to the Notes, 
as well as does not take into account or discuss the tax implications of any country other than the Republic 
of Latvia. 
 
Tax laws of the Noteholder’s country of residence for taxation purposes and of the Issuer’s 
country of residence may have an impact on the income received from the Notes. 
This summary is based on the laws of Latvia as in force on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject 
to any change in the law that may take effect after such date, provided that such changes could apply 
also retroactively. 
Latvia has entered into a number of tax conventions on elimination of the double taxation (hereinafter - 
DTT), which may provide a more favorable taxation regime. Therefore, if there is a valid DTT between 
Latvia and the country of tax residence of a prospective Noteholder, it should be also examined. The 
procedures for application of tax conventions are provided in the Republic of Latvia Cabinet of Ministers’ 
Regulations No. 178 “Procedures for Application of Tax Relief Determined in International Agreements 
for Prevention of Double Taxation and Tax Evasion”, adopted on 30 April 2001.  
Taxation of the Issuer 
The Issuer is a corporate income tax payer in Latvia. According to the Latvian tax law, the annual profit 
earned by entities in Latvia is not taxed. Instead, corporate income tax is paid on dividends, fringe benefits, 
gifts, donations, representation costs, non–business related disbursements and transfer pricing 
adjustments. The tax rate applicable is 20%, however, the taxable base is divided by the coefficient 0.8, 
thus the effective Corporate income tax rate is 25%.   
Taxation of individual Noteholders 
Resident individuals 
An individual will be considered a resident of Latvia for taxation purposes if at least one of the following 
requirements is met: 
● 
the declared place of residence of this person is in Latvia; 
● 
the person stays in Latvia for at least 183 days for a period of 12 consecutive calendar months; 
● 
the person is a Latvian citizen who is employed by the government of Latvia in a foreign country.   
Following the Latvian tax laws the interest income received by the individual tax resident in Latvia is 
subject to tax at the rate of 20%. The interest income from the Notes for resident individuals will be subject 
to 20 % personal income tax that will be withheld by the Issuer before the Interest payment is made by 
the Issuer to the Noteholder. The tax withheld by the Issuer is a final tax liability on the interest income 
received.  
The income from the sale of the Notes is treated as an income similar to the interest income for Latvian 
personal income tax purposes and will be subject to 20% personal income tax and the tax is payable by 
the individual him/herself. 
Non-resident individuals 
An individual would be considered a non-resident of Latvia for taxation purposes in all cases unless he/she 
is a tax resident of Latvia. Interest income from the Notes received by the non-resident individual is subject

--- Page 56 ---
55 
 
to a 5% withholding tax rate for investors who invest as private persons and are tax residents of the 
EU/EEA. For other individual investors and those who have not confirmed tax residence and not investing 
as a private person 20% withholding tax rate is applied. According to the general practice the tax withheld 
in Latvia might be deducted from the tax payable by the investor in his/her residence country (as tax paid 
abroad). However, we recommend consulting with the respective country's tax administration or tax 
adviser to clarify the procedure and documents required to perform such a deduction (if any).  
 
The tax rate might be reduced based on the Double Tax Treaty between Latvia and the respective country. 
The list of the Double Tax Treaties concluded by Latvia is available here.  
The income from the sale of the Notes will be subject to 20% tax and the tax would be payable by the 
individual him/herself, if the buyer of the Notes is an individual or legal entity non-resident of Latvia.  
Taxation of legal entity Noteholders 
Resident legal entities 
A legal entity would be considered a resident of Latvia for tax purposes, if established pursuant to Latvian 
law. Interest payments on the Notes and proceeds from the disposal of the Notes received by Latvian 
resident legal entities will not be subject to withholding tax in Latvia. Under the Latvian tax law retained 
earnings are exempt from corporate income tax and only profit distributions are taxed. Distributed gross 
profits are subject to the 20% profit tax. Corporate income tax on the net amount of profit distribution is 
determined by dividing the net amount with a coefficient of 0.8 (i.e., the effective tax rate on net distributed 
profit is 25%).   
Non-resident legal entities 
A legal entity would be considered a non-resident of Latvia for taxation purposes in all cases unless it is 
a tax resident of Latvia. The interest income and capital gains from the sale of the Notes for non-resident 
legal entities will not be taxable in Latvia (i.e. gross income will be paid), except if the income recipient is 
located, registered, or incorporated in a no-tax or low-tax country (so-called “tax havens”; if this is the 
case - 20% tax will be withheld by the Issuer in Latvia). The list of “tax havens” according to the Latvian 
law includes UK Anguilla, Antigua and Barbuda, US Guam, US Samoa, US Virgin Islands, Belize, Russian 
Federation, Commonwealth of the Bahamas, Republic of Fiji, Republic of Palau, Republic of Panama, 
Independent State of Samoa, Republic of Seychelles, UK Turks and Caicos Islands, Republic of Trinidad 
and Tobago, Republic of Vanuatu. The list of mentioned countries and territories may be amended from 
time to time.

--- Page 57 ---
56 
 
11. APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
 
The form of Final Terms that will be issued in respect of each Series, subject only to the deletion of non-
applicable provisions, is set out below. The completed Final Terms for each Series, which are described 
in this Base Prospectus as the "Final Terms" will be published on the website: www.mintos.com. 
 
Final Terms dated [...][...] [...] 
SIA Mintos Finance No. 55 (the “Issuer”) 
(incorporated as a limited liability company and registered in the Republic of Latvia with registration 
number: 40203593334)  
LEI: 984500N11BE8R8F5A370 
Series [...] EUR [...] Real Estate Securities 
relating to the Bonds in the amount of 
[...] 
issued by SIA Entrum Latvia (Latvia) (the Property Entity) with respect to Property:  
[details of the Real Estate as per Subscription Agreement] 
Terms used herein will be deemed to be as defined in the Base Prospectus dated [ ] for the purposes of 
Prospectus Regulation, in respect of Notes issued by the Issuer. This document constitutes the Final 
Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 (4) of the Prospectus Regulation and 
must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of 
Notes is only available on the basis of a combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [as 
so supplemented]. The Base Prospectus [and the supplements, if any] is available for viewing on the 
website [www.mintos.com/***]. The summary of the individual issue of the Notes is annexed to these Final 
Terms as Appendix 1.  
The Base Prospectus under which the Notes specified in these Final Terms are issued, loses its validity 
on […] or by the publication of a new base prospectus for the Notes in the Programme currency related 
to the Bonds immediately succeeding this Base Prospectus (the "New Base Prospectus") depending on 
which event occurs earlier (the "Expiry Date of the Base Prospectus"). Notwithstanding the above, the 
Notes specified in these Final Terms* shall continue to be subject to the terms and conditions of the Base 
Prospectus. From the Expiry Date of the Base Prospectus, these Final Terms must be read in conjunction 
with the New Base Prospectus. The New Base Prospectus will be available (no later than the Expiry Date 
of the Base Prospectus) on the website [https://www.mintos.com/en/]. 
 
*Notes, which Maturity Date specified in the Final Terms exceeds Expiry Date of the Base Prospectus. 
Part 1 - Contractual terms 
1.1. Information concerning the Real Estate Securities to be offered to the public:  
Number 
Disclosure requirement 
Details 
1.1.1. 
Series: 
[...] 
1.1.2. 
ISIN Code: 
LV[...] 
1.1.3. 
Specified Currency: 
[...]

--- Page 58 ---
57 
 
1.1.4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[...] 
1.1.5. 
Specified Denominations: 
The Series Aggregate Nominal Amount is divided 
into [...] Notes. 
 
Nominal amount of the Note is [...]. 
1.1.6. 
Issue Price: 
100% of the Real Estate Securities nominal 
amount 
1.1.7. 
Offer Price of one Real Estate 
Security: 
[...] or Principal Amount Outstanding of one Real 
Estate Security 
1.1.8. 
Issue Date: 
[...] 
1.1.9. 
Maturity Date: 
[...] 
1.1.10. 
Interest Rate: 
[7.5%] per annum* 
1.1.11. 
Interest Accrual Periods:         
   From the Notes purchase date up to, but not 
including the Interest Payment Date for the first 
Interest payment. 
From the previous Interest Payment Date up to, 
but not including the next Interest Payment Date 
or the last Interest Payment Date 
1.1.12. 
Interest Payment Date (s): 
Up to 10 Business Days after the corresponding 
Bonds’ Receivables Payment Date and subject to 
the actual receipt by the Issuer of the relevant 
payment in relation to the Bonds 
1.1.13. 
Redemption Date (s): 
Up to 10 Business Days after the corresponding 
Bonds maturity date and subject to the actual 
receipt by the Issuer of the relevant payment in 
relation to the Bonds 
1.1.14. 
Indication of Yield: 
[...]% per annum 
1.1.15. 
Property (Real Estate) of the 
underlying Bonds: 
[hyperlink to the particular real estate card on 
www.mintos.com] 
*actual interest rate may vary depending on actually received Net Property Payments.

--- Page 59 ---
58 
 
Part 2 - Responsibility and authorisation  
The Management Board of the Issuer: 
 
Title Name, surname 
Chairman of the Management Board Martins Sulte 
Member of the Management Board Martins Valters 
 
accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms which, when read together with 
the Base Prospectus referred to above, contains all information that is material to the issue of the Notes. 
 
The limitation of the Issuer's and Mintos liability provided in the Subsection 9.25. “Limitation of a Liability” 
in the Base Prospectus applies. 
This Real Estate Securities Series issue is authorised by [...] of the Issuer, Minutes No. [...] as of [...] [...] 
202[...].