--- Page 1 ---
1 
 
 
Dated 02.10.2024.

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
 
SIA “Nectaro Charlie” 
(incorporated as a limited liability company and registered in the Republic of Latvia with 
registration number 40203568286 and LEI: 984500EBEDAZG8581465)  
  
EUR 10 000 000 Note Programme   
Under the Programme described in this Base Prospectus, the Issuer may from time-to-time issue 
Notes. The Notes will be distributed by way of a public offer. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of the Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of the 
Notes, the issue price of the Notes and any other applicable terms and conditions not contained in 
this Base Prospectus which are applicable to the Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Notes will be issued in registered form. The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes 
outstanding from time to time under the Programme will not exceed EUR 10 000 000. 
Any payment under the Notes is dependent on, and limited to, a pool of certain Loans. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by Latvijas Banka (the Central 
Bank of Latvia), as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. Latvijas Banka has only 
approved this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as 
an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the Notes which are the subject of this Base 
Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the appropriateness and suitability 
of investing in the Notes. 
This public offer of the Notes is made in Latvia, Germany, Austria, Italy, Netherlands and Spain 
under this Base Prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus will be valid for a period of up to 12 months after its approval by Latvijas 
Banka. The Issuer will prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base 
Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue of Notes in the event of any significant 
new factor, material error or inaccuracy relating to the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus which may affect the assessment of any Notes. The obligation to prepare a supplement 
to this Base Prospectus or to publish a new Base Prospectus in the event of any significant new 
factor, material error or inaccuracy shall cease upon the expiry of the term of this Base Prospectus. 
The principal risk factors which may affect the ability of the Issuer to perform its obligations 
under the Notes are described in Section 2 (RISK FACTORS). 
Capitalised terms used in this Base Prospectus have the meaning given to them in Section 
GLOSSARY.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS  
  
GLOSSARY 
4 
1. 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION 
6 
THE FLOW OF FUNDS FOR REPAYMENTS 
7 
THE FLOW OF FUNDS FOR INVESTMENTS 
8 
2. 
RISK FACTORS 
8 
2.1. 
RISKS SPECIFIC TO THE UNDERLYING LOANS 
8 
2.2. 
RISKS SPECIFIC TO LOAN SERVICING 
11 
2.3. 
RISKS SPECIFIC TO NECTARO 
14 
2.4. 
RISKS SPECIFIC TO THE ISSUER 
16 
2.5. 
RISKS SPECIFIC TO NOTES 
17 
3. 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
19 
4. 
TRANSACTION OVERVIEW 
22 
5. 
ISSUER 
28 
6. 
NECTARO 
30 
7. 
LOAN ORIGINATOR 
31 
8. 
THE LOANS 
34 
9. 
BORROWERS 
35 
10. 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
44 
11. 
TAXATION 
61 
12. 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
63

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
 
GLOSSARY 
API 
application programming interface for the exchange and transfer of 
information and data between the Issuer, the Loan Originator and 
Nectaro. 
Base Prospectus  
this base prospectus, including any documents attached herein or 
incorporated by reference herein, as it may be amended, updated and 
supplemented from time to time. 
Borrower 
the debtor or debtors of a Loan. 
Buyback Obligation 
has the meaning set out in the Section 4.1.5 (The Buyback Obligation). 
Cooperation 
Agreement  
the cooperation agreement between the Issuer, the Loan Originator and 
Nectaro regarding the Notes, and in relation to the notes issued under 
other programmes. 
Final Terms 
any duly completed final terms in the form set out in Section 12. 
Investment Account Investor’s separate account with Nectaro. 
Investor  
person registered and accepted by Nectaro as an investor on the 
Platform. 
Issuer 
SIA “Nectaro Charlie”, incorporated as a limited liability company and 
registered on 11 June 2024 in the Republic of Latvia under registration 
number 40203568286. The Issuer is a special purpose vehicle whose 
principal purpose is to issue Notes. 
Issuer’s Account 
the Issuer’s cash funds account with Nectaro, which is used solely to 
settle payments with the Loan Originator and the Investors. 
Latvijas Banka 
Latvijas Banka, as competent authority in the Republic of Latvia under 
the Prospectus Regulation. 
Loan 
the principal amount outstanding under the Loan Agreement. 
Loan Agreement 
the credit facility agreement between the Loan Originator and the 
Borrower, as set out in the Final Terms, pursuant to which the Loan 
Originator has made available to the Borrower the funds set out in such 
Loan Agreement.  
Loan Originator 
SIA “Abele Finance”, incorporated as a limited liability company (exempt 
private company limited by shares) and registered on 20 June 2024 in 
the Republic of Latvia under registration number 40203570331.  
Loan Receivables 
the receivables under the Loan Agreement in respect of to 95% of the 
Loan, which are assigned and to the extent that are assigned to the 
Issuer under the Purchase Agreement. 
Nectaro 
SIA Nectaro, incorporated as limited liability company and registered on 
30 August 2016 in the Republic of Latvia under the registration number 
40203016025, an investment firm authorised by Latvijas Banka, which 
provides investment and related services to Investors through the 
Platform. 
Nectaro Group 
DYNINNO FINTECH HOLDING LIMITED, 
incorporated 
as 
limited 
liability company and registered in the Republic of Cyprus on 05 October

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
 
2015 under registration number HE347548, and each of its subsidiaries 
and affiliates, including, Nectaro, the Issuer and the Loan Originator. 
Notes 
the notes issued or to be issued under this Programme. 
Noteholder 
the current holder of a Note. 
Platform  
the websites created and owned by Nectaro, which are grouped under 
the domain name https://nectaro.eu and which allow its users to use 
various interactive services offered by Nectaro within in the framework 
of this website. 
Purchase 
Agreement 
purchase agreement relating to the purchase by the Issuer and the sale 
by the Loan Originator of Loan Receivables to the Issuer.   
Prospectus 
Regulation 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when 
securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated 
market and repealing Directive 2003/71/EC and includes any 
commission delegated regulation under the Prospectus Regulation. 
Programme 
this EUR 10 000 000 Note Programme. 
Repurchase 
has the meanings set out in Section 4.1.6 (Repurchase). 
Securities Act 
the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended from time-to-time. 
Series 
a series of Notes. 
Signet Bank AS 
Signet Bank AS, incorporated as joint-stock company and registered on 
26 May 1992 in Republic of Latvia under registration number 
40003076407. 
Swedbank 
"Swedbank" AS, incorporated as joint-stock company and registered on 
14 May 1992 in Republic of Latvia under registration number 
40003074764. 
Transaction 
Documents 
the Cooperation Agreement, the Transfer Documents and the Purchase 
Agreement. 
Transfer Document 
the document generated by Nectaro evidencing the transfer of the Loan 
Receivables from the Loan Originator to the Issuer in accordance with 
the Purchase Agreement.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
 
1. 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION 
What is Nectaro? 
Nectaro launched a global online marketplace for investing in loans in 2016. Through the Platform, 
which is owned and operated by Nectaro, Nectaro provides investors with a convenient way to 
invest in loans originated by various Nectaro group lending companies in various jurisdictions. In 
September 2023, investments in loans were started being offered through financial instruments 
called notes on the Platform. 
At the end of August 2024, Nectaro had over 4800 registered users. 
Since Nectaro was founded, investors through the Platform have investment more than EUR 2.5 
million.  
Nectaro is authorised as an investment firm by Latvijas Banka, operating the Platform accessible 
online, where investors can invest in investment opportunities issued in the form of asset-backed 
securities (Notes). See the Section Kļūda! Nav atrasts atsauces avots. (NECTARO)Kļūda! Nav 
atrasts atsauces avots. for more information. 
What are Notes? 
Notes are financial instruments issued by the Issuer to Investors through Nectaro, allowing 
Investors to invest in Loans made by the Loan Originator to the Borrowers. 
The Issuer is a special purpose legal entity established for the purpose of: 
1. 
purchasing Loan Receivables from the Loan Originator; 
2. 
pooling those Loan Receivables into a particular Series of Notes; and 
3. 
issuing such Notes to Investors through Nectaro. 
2. 
See Sections 5 (ISSUER 
) and 7 (LOAN ORIGINATOR) for more information. 
The flow of funds for issuance of Loan 
The Loan Originator enters into the Loan Agreement with the Borrower under which the Borrower 
may request withdrawals of funds in accordance with the terms of the Loan Agreement. Funds are 
disbursed to the Borrower’s account. 
The flow of funds for repayment 
Each time a Borrower makes repayments to the Loan Originator, the Loan Originator transfers the 
funds to the Issuer, which in turn makes repayments under the relevant Series of Notes to the 
relevant Investor through Nectaro as the paying agent of the Issuer. The repayments are credited 
to the relevant Investment Account.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
 
THE FLOW OF FUNDS FOR REPAYMENTS 
 
This means that if the Borrower makes the repayments to the Loan Originator later than scheduled, 
the repayments to the Investor will also be correspondingly delayed, because the Loan Originator 
will make payments to Nectaro acting as a paying agent for the Issuer later and the Issuer will not 
be able to make payments to the Investor as promised. Similarly, if the Borrower fails to make any 
repayments at all and the Loan Originator is unable to recover anything from the Borrower, the 
Investor will not receive any repayments. 
The Loan Originator may provide a Buyback Obligation for Loan Receivables in the event of a 
default by the Borrower, which means that if the Borrower defaults on any repayment under the 
Loan Agreement for more than 60 days, the Loan Originator is obliged to repay the Loan 
Receivables together with any interest to Nectaro as the paying agent of the Issuer in full, 
irrespective of the fact that the Loan Originator has not received the funds in accordance with to 
the Loan Agreement, and Nectaro as the paying agent of the Issuer would then transfer the 
received payments to the Noteholders. In this situation, the Investor is exposed to the credit risk of 
the Loan Originator. See Sub-Section 2.2.4. (Insolvency of the Loan Originator). 
Buyback Obligation is subject to certain limitations as described in Sub-Section 5.1.5 (The Buyback 
Obligation). 
For additional information see Section 3.5 (RISKS SPECIFIC TO NOTES). 
The flow of funds for investment 
The Loan Originator makes Loans to Borrowers in accordance with the Loan Agreement.  
Loan Receivables are sold by the Loan Originator to the Issuer. The Issuer issues a Series of Notes 
corresponding to these Loan Receivables to Investors via Nectaro. When an Investor purchases a 
Note in the Series, the Investment Accounts are credited with the Note and debited with the 
purchase price of the Note. The purchase price is transferred to the Loan Originator. The Loan is 
disbursed to the Borrower either before or after the Loan Originator has received the purchase 
price for the relevant Loan Receivables.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
 
THE FLOW OF FUNDS FOR INVESTMENTS 
 
3. RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to perform its obligations under 
the Notes and, in the worst case, cause it to become insolvent. All of these risk factors and events 
are contingencies that may or may not occur and the Issuer is not in a position to express an opinion 
as to the likelihood of any such contingency occurring. Investors must bear in mind that Notes are 
unsecured. This Section may not describe all the potential risks that may affect the Issuer. 
The most significant risk factors within each category are presented first. However, the order in 
which the risks are presented does not reflect the likelihood of their occurrence or the magnitude 
of their potential effect on the Issuer’s or the Loan Originator's business, financial condition, results 
of operations or prospects. Investors should also be aware that the risks described may be 
cumulative. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to the Issuer or which the Issuer 
currently considers immaterial may also affect the business, cash flows, results of operations and 
overall financial condition of the Issuer, and the list of risks contained in this Base Prospectus 
cannot be considered to be exhaustive. 
Although the risk factors set out below have been grouped into categories, some risk factors fall 
into more than one category and Investors should carefully consider all the risk factors set out in 
this Section. Investors should carefully read the entire Base Prospectus and form their own opinion 
before making any investment decision in respect of the Notes. 
Before making any investment decision in respect of the Notes, Investors should consult their own 
lawyer, accountant or other financial, legal and tax advisers and should carefully consider the risks 
involved in an investment in the Notes and should consider such an investment decision in the light 
of the prospective Investor's personal circumstances. 
3.1. RISKS SPECIFIC TO THE UNDERLYING LOANS (BORROWERS RISKS) 
3.1.1. Payments under the Loan Agreements may not be made on the agreed terms 
The Notes are linked to the pool of underlying Loan Receivables. Therefore, if any of the Borrowers 
fails to make a payment to the Loan Originator in a timely manner in accordance with the Loan 
Agreement, then the Noteholder will also not receive a payment under the Notes in a timely 
manner. For example, if a Borrower makes a repayment a week later than the agreed schedule, 
the Noteholder will also receive the relevant part of the repayment at least a week later. In addition, 
if a Borrower makes no repayment at all and the Loan Originator is unable to recover anything from 
the Borrower, the Noteholder will also not receive any further repayments unless the Loan is sold

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
 
to the Loan Originator in accordance with the Buyback Obligation in the event of a default by the 
Borrower (i.e., irrespective of the Borrower’s failure to make its payments under the underlying 
Loan Agreement). 
The Loan Originator also has the option to offer the Loan Receivable with the feature of a Buyback 
Obligation in the event of a default by the Borrower, which means that the Loan Originator is obliged 
to repurchase the Loan Receivables if the Borrower has failed to pay within 60 days after the 
scheduled repayment date and there is therefore no cash flow for the Loan Originator to make 
further payments to the Issuer. While this feature may reduce the potential loss to the Noteholder 
if the Borrower, and subsequently the Loan Originator, defaults, the Buyback Obligation is only as 
strong as the company providing it. If the Loan Originator defaults on its obligation and does not 
have sufficient cash flow to make the payments under the Notes, the Noteholder is still exposed to 
the risk that the underlying Borrower defaults and thus the Loan Originator defaults as well.  
While the likelihood that any Borrower will fail to make repayments or default will depend on various 
factors such as the amount of the payment, the Borrower’s income, and the repayment term, it is 
important to understand that such likelihood always exists. For this reason, the Notes are only 
suitable investments for Investors who have the appropriate knowledge and experience and who 
are in a financial position to lose part or even all of the money they invest in the Notes. 
Overall, the Borrower’s failure to make repayments to the Loan Originator under the Loan 
Agreement, and thus the Loan Originator’s failure to meet its obligations to the Issuer and 
subsequently to the Noteholders, may be caused by various factors, including, but not limited to: 
1. 
Borrower misjudging ability to repay – each Borrower should evaluate its current and 
future financial position itself and assess its ability to repay. For various reasons, a Borrower 
may overestimate its future cash flows and borrow more from the Loan Originator than it can 
repay. 
2. 
Limitations of initial risk scoring - the Loan Originator has developed its own method of 
scoring the credit risk of the Borrower based on a variety of information that may be obtained 
from parties other than the Loan Originator (e.g., credit rating agencies). There is a risk that 
the information may be incorrect or outdated, or that the scoring method may be inadequate. 
3. 
Unexpected events – reasons why the Borrower might miss a repayment, include loss of 
income, a delay in receiving expected income, unexpected costs, or even the Borrower’s 
insolvency, bankruptcy or liquidation. 
4. 
Loss-making operations – the Borrower may incur losses due to various business events 
and factors, such as intense competition, higher than expected customer acquisition costs, 
high recovery costs, unexpected costs, portfolio reductions, changes in local regulations and 
management errors. 
5. 
Macroeconomic factors – the credit risk scoring of the Loan Originator makes assumptions 
about the Borrower’s ability to repay under normal economic conditions. A sudden change 
in macroeconomic factors could significantly affect the Borrower's ability to repay. 
6. 
Other liabilities – the underlying Loans, which are linked to the repayment of the Notes, 
generally do not restrict the Borrower from incurring additional unsecured or secured 
indebtedness. Additional indebtedness may adversely affect the Borrower’s creditworthiness 
and may result in financial distress, insolvency or bankruptcy of the Borrower. 
7. 
Loan issued in a different currency than the Borrower's income – in some cases, the 
Loan is in a currency other than the currency in which the Borrower earns income. Significant 
changes in the exchange rates or a local currency devaluation could affect the Borrower's 
ability to make repayments. 
8. 
Freezing, seizure or closure of the Borrower’s bank/payment service provider 
account. The account used by the Borrower for its operations may be frozen, blocked, or

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
 
closed for a number of reasons, including breaches of anti-money laundering and know your 
client requirements, sanctions violations, arbitrary actions by government authorities or 
insolvency of a bank or payment service provider. The inability to use the bank account could 
limit the Borrower’s ability to make payments under the Loan Agreement to the Loan 
Originator for an indefinite period of time, or even lead to the insolvency or bankruptcy of the 
Borrower. 
9. 
Other or sole sources of funding – in addition to the Loan Originator, the Borrower may 
use other sources of funding, such as a bank credit line, corporate bond issues, private equity 
or public share offerings. In some situations, such as an economic downturn, the Borrower 
may find it difficult to obtain funding from other sources to refinance the existing liabilities, 
resulting in a liquidity crisis that could cause the Borrower to have difficulty continuing its 
business. 
3.1.2. It may not be possible to recover the full principal amount and interest owed by the 
Borrowers and, therefore, the Noteholder may not recover the amount invested 
While any recovery from a Borrower is limited to the value of the Borrower’s assets (if any), some 
jurisdictions may impose a lower limit that creditors may claim from the Borrower or may establish 
a list of assets that may not be sold for recovery purposes, thereby reducing the maximum amount 
that could be recovered from the Borrower and consequently distributed among the Noteholders. 
The underlying Loans that are linked to the Note do not restrict the Borrowers from incurring 
additional unsecured or secured debt. This means that if the Loan is not secured by an asset and 
any funds from the Borrower are available for collection, those funds could be allocated to various 
creditors, i.e., not only the Loan Originator, but also other persons to whom the Borrower owes 
money to, such as the local tax authority, governmental authorities, other lending companies and 
creditors. 
In addition, the Loan Agreement may be challenged for a variety of reasons, thereby delaying or 
otherwise preventing the Loan Originator from exercising its rights under the Loan Agreement for 
an indeterminate period of time. The reasons for challenging the Loan Agreement could include 
errors in the agreements, the electronic form of the agreement (although the legal form requirement 
could in principle be satisfied by such an electronic signature, its value as evidence in court 
proceedings in some jurisdictions may be less than that of an actual hand-written signature on a 
physical document), compliance with regulations. 
For the reasons described above, a Noteholder may experience a delay in repayment or a partial 
or total loss of the amount invested in Notes. 
3.1.3. The Borrower may prepay the Loan 
A Borrower may repay all or part of the remaining principal amount at any time without penalty. 
This may happen, for example, if the Borrower is able to obtain lower cost financing from other 
sources and wishes to refinance the Loan. The Loan Agreement may also be terminated or 
cancelled early by the Loan Originator, resulting in the prepayment of the amounts due by the 
Borrower without penalty. While the Noteholder may invest the repaid funds elsewhere, the return 
on the investments may be less than the originally planned return. 
3.1.4. The Borrower may face difficulties repaying the Loan early 
A Borrower may be in breach of the Loan Agreement, e.g. the Borrower may incur additional 
financial indebtedness without the consent of the Loan Originator, and such breach will entitle the 
Loan Originator under the Loan Agreement to require early Loan repayment of the Loan in full. A 
Borrower may not have the necessary financial resources to make such prepayment, which could 
result in the Borrower's debt restructuring or debt collection and cause the Noteholder to 
experience delayed repayments or a partial or total loss of the amount invested under the Notes.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
 
3.1.5. 
Certain situations or actions may raise conflicts of interest 
Although the rights and obligations of Nectaro, the Issuer and the Loan Originator are detailed in 
the Transaction Documents and this Base Prospectus, it is not possible to completely avoid the 
possibility of a conflict of interest between the parties that could affect the interests of the 
Noteholders. 
The same persons in several Nectaro group companies are responsible for exercising 
management board member/strategic decision-making and risk management functions within 
Nectaro group companies. Segregation of these functions is not required if it is not warranted by 
the scale, complexity, and range of Nectaro’s investment services and business activities. 
However, this may lead to the individual failing to perform their duties in a sound, honest, and 
professional manner.  
For example, the strategic decisions in the Loan Originator and a Borrower are made by the same 
parties. Furthermore, OCN “Ecofinance Technologies” SRL (as the Borrower), “ECOFINANCE IFN 
SA” (as the Borrower) and the Loan Originator are owned by the same direct shareholder 
(DYNINNO FINTECH HOLDING LIMITED, also the Borrower) and, ultimately, by the same 
Ultimate Beneficial Owner. DYNINNO FINTECH HOLDING LIMITED (the Borrower) is a parent 
company to the Loan Originator. Both companies are ultimately controlled by the same Ultimate 
Beneficial Owner. This group structure allows the shareholder to exercise control over strategic 
decision-making in the Loan Originator and the Borrowers. 
The cumulation of strategic decision-making functions in several group entities exposes Loan 
Originator to excessive risk appetite (e.g., Loans may be extended without adequate evaluation of 
the Borrower's credit risk on terms not commonly accepted in transactions between unrelated 
parties and against adequate collateral). 
Although Nectaro, the Loan Originator, and the Borrower have implemented necessary measures 
to mitigate the aforementioned conflict of interest risks, the occurrence of such situations cannot 
be entirely ruled out. 
3.2.  RISKS SPECIFIC TO LOAN SERVICING 
3.2.1. The Loan Originator is unable to continue servicing the Loan 
Various factors may adversely affect the ability of the Loan Originator to service the Loan, which in 
turn may result in delayed repayments to the Noteholder or even a partial or total loss of the amount 
invested. Some of these factors are: 
1. 
Loss-making operations – the Loan Originator may incur losses due to various business 
events and factors, such as intense competition, higher than expected customer acquisition 
costs, high recovery costs, unexpected costs, portfolio reductions, changes in local 
regulations regarding to new Loans and management errors.  
2. 
Macro-environmental factors – various macro-environmental factors such as recession, 
military conflicts, natural disasters or pandemics could significantly increase the non-
performing Loans and respectively also non-performing Loan ratio. 
3. 
Freezing, seizure or closure of the Loan Originator’s bank/payment service provider 
account. The account used by the Loan Originator for its operations may be frozen, blocked, 
or closed for a number of reasons, including breaches of anti-money laundering and know 
your client requirements, sanctions violations, arbitrary actions by government authorities or 
insolvency of a bank or payment service provider. The inability to use the bank account could 
limit the Loan Originator’s ability to collect repayments from the Borrowers and transfer funds 
to the Issuer for an indefinite period of time, or even lead to the insolvency or bankruptcy of 
the Loan Originator. 
4. 
Changes in local regulations with respect to Loans already issued – a legislative body 
in the country where the Loan Originator operates could introduce a Borrowers’ moratorium

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
 
(a legally permitted period of delay in the performance of a legal obligation or the repayment 
of a debt) or even full or partial debt forgiveness (including interest and penalties). 
5. 
Other or sole sources of funding – in addition to Nectaro, the Loan Originator may use 
other sources of funding, such as a bank credit line, corporate bond issues, private equity or 
public share offerings. In some situations, such as an economic downturn, the Loan 
Originator may find it difficult to obtain funding from other sources to refinance the existing 
liabilities, resulting in a liquidity crisis that could cause the Loan Originator to have difficulty 
continuing its business. 
3.2.2. No backup servicer may be available to service the underlying Loans if the Loan 
Originator is unable to continue servicing of the Loans 
One of the principal functions of the Loan Originator in respect of the Notes is to provide Loan 
servicing. There may be no backup servicer that could be appointed to take over the servicing of 
the Loans from the Loan Originator if necessary. If there is an event of default or other circumstance 
that disrupts the Loan Originator’s ability to properly service the Loans and manage the debt of the 
Borrowers, and if there is no backup Loan servicing solution in place at that time, the timing and 
volume of repayments could be materially affected, resulting in a partial or total loss of the amounts 
invested in the Notes. 
3.2.3. The Loan Originator may intentionally or unintentionally breach its contractual 
obligations 
There is a risk that the Loan Originator will take actions that are in breach of the Transaction 
Documents, including the risk of fraud against the Issuer and/or Nectaro, resulting in the partial or 
total loss of amounts invested in Notes. Breaches of contract that may occur include, but are not 
limited to: 
1. 
Loan Receivables sold to the Issuer are or will be pledged to other creditors – 
according to the Transaction Documents, to which the Loan Originator is a party, the Loan 
Receivables underlying the Notes may not be pledged to any creditor. If the Loan Originator 
intentionally or unintentionally pledges the specific Loan Receivables sold to the Issuer to 
other creditors, the Noteholder could lose some or all of the funds invested if the Loan 
Originator defaults or becomes insolvent and thus has no cash flow to make payments to 
the Issuer. 
2. 
False or incomplete information about the Loan Originator – all information in this Base 
Prospectus about and/or relating to the Loan Originator has been provided and certified by 
the Loan Originator as being current, true, and complete. Material errors or omissions in such 
information may initially affect the decision of the Noteholder to invest in a particular Note 
and may ultimately result in a negative outcome of the investment. 
3. 
False Borrower data – the Loan Originator provides Nectaro with information about the 
status of the Loans, the Borrowers, repayment schedules, repayments, extensions of the 
underlying Loans or changes to the Loan Agreements. Whilst Nectaro regularly requests the 
Loan Originator to provide scanned copies of the documents as evidence for randomly 
selected Loans, Nectaro does not review and verify all Loans underlying the Notes. There is 
a risk that the Loan Originator may intentionally or unintentionally provide incorrect 
information to Nectaro or fail to provide any information to Nectaro, which could affect 
payments under the Notes. 
4. 
The Loan Originator stops cooperation with Nectaro – the Loan Originator could 
suddenly stop cooperating with Nectaro for any reason. This could result in the Loan 
Originator failing to perform its obligations under the existing agreements, including the 
Transaction Documents, and breaching the terms thereof. The Loan Originator could stop 
making payments to the Issuer, which means that the Issuer may not be able to make 
payments to the Noteholders. The Loan Originator could also stop providing Nectaro with 
the necessary information or provide such information with significant delays.

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
 
3.2.4. Insolvency of the Loan Originator 
Insolvency, bankruptcy or other similar adverse events may materially affect or even eliminate the 
ability of the Loan Originator to service the Loans issued, to perform its obligations under the 
Transaction Documents and, among other things, to perform the undertaken Buyback Obligation 
and Repurchase obligations to the Issuer. This means that if the Loan Originator experiences 
significant problems, the Loan Originator may not be able to transfer the underlying Loan 
repayments from the Borrower or make payments of the buyback price or the repurchase price to 
the Issuer which in turn would not be able to make payments to the Noteholder. 
The Loan Originator may be required to continue to treat the Loan Receivables as assets of the 
Loan Originator for accounting purposes. The inclusion or recognition of the Loan Receivables sold 
to the Issuer as assets of the Loan Originator in the event of an insolvency proceeding may result 
in the receiver or the administrator not recognising the Issuer’s title over the Loan Receivables sold 
to it. In this case, the Issuer would have to take legal action to protect its interests in the Loan 
Receivables. The Issuer may have to prove to the administrator, receiver and/or other parties that 
the Loan Receivables and the Borrower’s payments thereon should not be included in the assets 
of the Loan Originator that are available for the general pool of creditors. If the Loan Receivables 
are treated as assets of the Loan Originator that are available for the general pool of creditors and 
not of the Issuer, the Issuer may be treated as an unsecured creditor of the Loan Originator and it 
may then be entitled to receive only a portion of any distributions available to the unsecured 
creditors of the same class and such portion of distributions may not be sufficient to satisfy all or 
part of the indebtedness to the Issuer. 
In the event of insolvency, an administrator is usually required to consider which past transactions 
of the insolvent company need to be challenged and which assets sold or funds transferred need 
to be recovered. There is a risk that the administrator of the Loan Originator may take action to 
recover from the estate of the Loan Originator the Loan Receivables sold to the Issuer or amounts 
paid to the Issuer or Nectaro. Nectaro and / or the Issuer would then be required to take legal 
action to protect its interests in the Loan Receivables and the Borrower’s payments and to argue 
against the position of the administrator in court proceedings, which could be lengthy and costly 
and the successful outcome of which cannot be guaranteed. 
The Transaction Documents permit Nectaro to appoint a backup servicer to take over the servicing 
of the Loan Receivables in the event of the insolvency or bankruptcy of the Loan Originator. 
Enforcement of contractual rights may not result in prompt recovery for the Noteholders and 
recovery may be affected by lengthy and costly legal proceedings. 
Ultimately, the Noteholder may experience a delay in repayment or a partial or total loss of the 
amount invested in the Notes. 
3.2.5. Certain situations or actions may raise conflicts of interest 
Although the rights and obligations of Nectaro, the Issuer and the Loan Originator are detailed in 
the Transaction Documents and this Base Prospectus, it is not possible to completely avoid the 
possibility of a conflict of interest between the parties that could affect the interests of the 
Noteholders. 
The same persons in several Nectaro group companies are responsible for exercising 
management board member/strategic decision-making and risk management functions within 
Nectaro group companies. Segregation of these functions is not required if it is not warranted by 
the scale, complexity, and range of Nectaro’s investment services and business activities. 
However, this may lead to the individual failing to perform their duties in a sound, honest, and 
professional manner.  
For example, the strategic decisions in the Loan Originator and a Borrower are made by the same 
parties. Furthermore, OCN “Ecofinance Technologies” SRL (as the Borrower), “ECOFINANCE IFN

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
 
SA” (as the Borrower) and the Loan Originator are owned by the same direct shareholder 
(DYNINNO FINTECH HOLDING LIMITED, also the Borrower) and, ultimately, by the same 
Ultimate Beneficial Owner. DYNINNO FINTECH HOLDING LIMITED (the Borrower) is a parent 
company to the Loan Originator. Both companies are ultimately controlled by the same Ultimate 
Beneficial Owner. This group structure allows the shareholder to exercise control over strategic 
decision-making in the Loan Originator and the Borrowers. 
To ensure adequate standard of servicing of the Loans, the Loan Originator retains a proportion of 
the outstanding Loan principal (the so-called “skin-in-the-game”). The Loan Originator will continue 
servicing the Loan after the transfer of the Loan Receivables.  
3.3. RISKS SPECIFIC TO NECTARO  
3.3.1. Inability to continue operations 
Various events and failures can cause situations where Nectaro is unable to continue operations. 
As a relatively new service, Nectaro operates in a complex and dynamic regulatory and competitive 
environment and various events and failures could result in Nectaro ceasing to provide services, 
including the operation of the Platform. These events include, but are not limited to, licence 
revocation, poor financial performance, negative reputation, non-compliance events, dramatic 
changes in the applicable regulations affecting Nectaro’s operating model or an economic 
downturn. If Nectaro were to cease operations, this could have a significant impact on the 
Noteholder’s ability to receive repayment on a timely basis. 
Should Nectaro enter liquidation or insolvency, as a regulated and supervised entity, the process 
will be supervised by Latvijas Banka. The appointed liquidator or administrator will take over the 
functions of the management board. Nectaro will continue to service its clients and the Investment 
Accounts, and relevant portfolios of financial instruments in accordance with what Nectaro is 
permitted to do under the applicable insolvency and liquidation rules. The process from the date 
of appointment would be managed by the appointed administrator or liquidator. In some cases, the 
Investors’ Protection Law may apply. Such proceedings may have a significant impact on the timing 
of the redemption of the investment and add complexity to the redemption process for the 
Noteholder. 
In addition, Nectaro could for any reason suddenly cease to fulfil its obligations under the existing 
agreements, resulting in delayed payments or a partial or total loss of the amount invested in the 
Notes. 
3.3.2. Non-compliance leading to revocation of licence 
In order to provide services to clients, Nectaro, as the operator of the Platform, has obtained an 
investment firm licence from Latvijas Banka. The licence may be suspended or revoked if Nectaro 
fails to comply with the regulations. Loss of the licence by Nectaro could result in delayed payments 
or partial or total loss of the amount invested under the Notes. 
3.3.3. Failure of IT systems or a security breach  
The technology that Nectaro has developed over the years is a cornerstone of Nectaro’s future 
success. The satisfactory performance, reliability and availability of the Platform is critical to its 
operations, customer service and reputation. 
While Nectaro has taken steps to protect confidential information, the techniques used to gain 
unauthorised, improper or illegal access to systems, data, or customer information, or to disable 
or degrade services are constantly evolving and may not be detected quickly. 
As a result, the security measures of Nectaro and Nectaro’s third-party vendor could be breached 
and these breaches could result in the theft of confidential client information. Breaches of security 
measures due to the actions of third parties, employee error, third party vendor error, design flaws

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
 
in the software or interruptions in Nectaro’s systems and services could adversely affect our 
relationships with Nectaro’s clients, damage Nectaro’s reputation and expose Nectaro to significant 
liability. 
Furthermore, in the event of damage or interruption, existing insurance policies may not adequately 
compensate Nectaro and Nectaro’s clients for any losses that may be incurred. However, as IT 
systems are critical to Nectaro’s operations, significant resources are devoted to ensuring the 
stable and uninterrupted performance of the IT systems. 
Nectaro’s bank accounts may be frozen or closed and banks holding Noteholders’ funds may 
become insolvent 
Nectaro’s clients’ funds, including the funds deposited in the Issuer’s Account for settlement under 
the Notes, are held segregated from Nectaro’s own funds in various bank accounts designated as 
client funds accounts. 
One or more of the bank accounts used by Nectaro may be blocked, seized or closed for any 
number of reasons, including insolvency of the banks, resulting in the interruption of funds 
transfers. 
3.3.4. Significant problems or termination of the agreement with a Nectaro partner may 
affect delivery of services to the clients 
In providing its services, Nectaro relies on several carefully selected partners and any problems 
with the service providers could affect Nectaro’s ability to provide services to the Noteholder. Whilst 
Nectaro has taken a number of steps to reduce the likelihood and impact of such events, such as 
having back-up service providers where possible, there is still a risk that the Noteholder may not 
be able to access the Platform or receive services. 
3.3.5. Certain situations or actions may raise conflicts of interest 
Although the rights and obligations of Nectaro, the Issuer and the Loan Originator are detailed in 
the Transaction Documents and this Base Prospectus, and Nectaro has established policies and 
procedures to mitigate the risk, it is not possible to completely avoid the possibility of a conflict of 
interest between the parties that could affect the interests of the Noteholders. 
The same persons in several Nectaro group companies are responsible for exercising 
management board member/strategic decision-making and risk management functions within 
Nectaro group companies. Segregation of these functions is not required if it is not warranted by 
the scale, complexity, and range of Nectaro’s investment services and business activities. 
However, this may lead to the individual failing to perform their duties in a sound, honest, and 
professional manner.  
Also, persons cumulating multiple functions (i) may not have sufficient capacity to perform them 
effectively and (ii) may be exposed to conflicting incentives which may undermine the effective 
exercise of these functions (e.g. the method of determining the remuneration of the persons 
involved in the compliance and risk management function may compromise their objectivity). 
Although Nectaro, the Loan Originator, and the Borrower have implemented necessary measures 
to mitigate the aforementioned conflict of interest risks, the occurrence of such situations cannot 
be entirely ruled out. 
While Nectaro provides placement services to the Issuer in respect of the Notes, Nectaro also 
provides the infrastructure services to the Loan Originator and the Issuer to effect sales of the Loan 
Receivables to the Issuer and to effect the Buyback Obligations and Repurchases. Nectaro will 
receive fees from the Loan Originator for its placement services. Nectaro has taken care to 
structure the fees in a manner that is compliant and that does not breach the conflict of interest 
management rules. Such placement fees may qualify as inducements and Nectaro would disclose 
information about these inducements to the Noteholder. In addition to the disclosure of

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
 
inducements, Nectaro has set up internal procedures to identify and manage conflicts of interest. 
Some conflicts of interest require disclosure and these will be disclosed. 
3.4.  RISKS SPECIFIC TO THE ISSUER 
3.4.1. Default or insolvency of the Issuer 
The Issuer is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Nectaro Group, and has no business activities other 
than those described in this Base Prospectus. There is a risk that the Issuer may suddenly cease 
to effectively perform its obligations under the existing agreements and breach its provisions, 
resulting in failure to make repayments to the Noteholders. This could result in delays in 
repayments and the partial or total loss of amounts invested.  
While the Issuer is incorporated, established and operating as a special purpose entity, the Issuer 
could be declared insolvent due to possible legal deficiencies in the applicable law and/or judicial 
practice for various reasons, including, but not limited to, a Noteholder or other creditor initiating 
the insolvency proceedings against the Issuer in bad faith and the court not considering the limited 
recourse and non-petition provisions defined in this Base Prospectus as a sufficient grounds to 
reject such proceedings. In such situations, the Noteholder may experience delays in receiving its 
invested funds and its priority as a creditor of the Issuer may be judicially altered, resulting in the 
Noteholder receiving less that the amounts than due under the Notes. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes (in Section 10 (TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE 
NOTES)) are drafted and intended to have legal effect and to be legally binding contractual 
obligations. There may be external circumstances which may affect such legal construction, 
including, but not limited to court decisions and/or new or mended legislation. 
3.4.2. Nectaro may not be able to cover the maintenance and administration costs of the 
Issuer 
Given the pass-through nature of the Issuer, the maintenance costs and administration costs of 
the Issuer will be substantially borne by the Loan Originator, either through a direct compensation 
mechanism or indirectly through Nectaro. If Nectaro is not able to cover such costs for any of the 
reasons set out in Section 3.3 (RISKS SPECIFIC TO NECTARO) above, this could adversely affect 
the operations of the Issuer and its ability to service the Notes and make payments to the 
Noteholders.  
3.4.3. Information asymmetry   
Some of the information in this Base Prospectus and material information received during the term 
of the Notes will be obtained from the Loan Originator. There is a risk that the Loan Originator may 
provide material information to the Issuer late or not at all. As a result:  
1. 
the Issuer, although acting though Nectaro as its authorised representative, will not be able 
to exercise its rights under the Transaction Documents and act in the interests of the 
Noteholders in a timely manner; and  
2. 
the Issuer will not be able to prepare and publish supplements to this Base Prospectus in a 
timely manner, which may affect the Noteholders’ judgment in purchasing the Notes if they 
are unaware of any significant new factor, material error or inaccuracy relating to the 
information obtained from the Loan Originator.  
3.4.4. Cross-risks applicable to the Issuer  
Given the pass-through nature of the Issuer, the Issuer and its ability to pay amounts due to the 
Noteholders under the Note are subject to all of the risks described in Sections 3.1 (RISKS 
SPECIFIC TO THE UNDERLYING LOANSKļūda! Nav atrasts atsauces avots.), 3.2 (RISKS 
SPECIFIC TO LOAN SERVICING) and 3.3 (RISKS SPECIFIC TO NECTARO).

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
 
3.5.  RISKS SPECIFIC TO NOTES  
3.5.1. The Noteholder has no rights of recourse against the Borrowers or the Loan 
Originator 
The Noteholder has no direct right to the Loan Receivables. Instead, the Noteholder acquires 
Notes which are backed by the corresponding Loan Receivables. The legal title to the Loan 
Receivables and the corresponding rights are vested in the Issuer. This means that the Noteholder 
has no direct recourse to either the Loan Originator or against the Borrowers and no ability to 
pursue the Loan Originator or any of the Borrowers independently and at its discretion to collect 
payments under the relevant Loan. All such actions will be taken by the Issuer as the legal owner 
of the Loan Receivables in accordance with the provisions of this Base Prospectus and the 
Transaction Documents. This essentially means that payments under the Notes are dependent on 
the payment discipline of the relevant Borrower and the integrity of the Loan Originator.  
3.5.2. Change of creditors’ priority 
The outcome of judicial or insolvency proceedings could, by operation of law, override the priority 
of creditors set out in this Base Prospectus, meaning that the Noteholders of one Series of Notes 
could become equal creditors with Noteholders of other Series of Notes, so that all proceeds 
received by the Issuer from all Loan Receivables would be distributed on a pro rata basis or 
otherwise.  
3.5.3. Certain costs may rank higher than payments to the Noteholder 
While it is the responsibility of the Issuer to transfer to the Noteholder all payments that have been 
received from the Loan Originator by Nectaro as the paying agent of the Issuer, there are certain 
costs, such as taxes, that have a higher priority than payments to the Noteholder. This means that 
the Noteholder would not receive payment until the payment obligations with a higher priority have 
been settled. 
In addition, there is a risk that the outcome of judicial or insolvency proceedings may determine a 
different priority of payment than that set out in this Base Prospectus. 
3.5.4. Non-Series specific liabilities are allocated to all Series of Notes on a pro rata basis 
Where there are higher priority costs, i.e., taxes, fees and collection costs, relating to the specific 
Note, these will be met out of the payments due to the Noteholders in accordance with the priority 
of payments. Where the liability is not Series-specific, e.g. legal costs, the liability will be allocated 
to all Series of Notes on a pro rata basis unless the Priority of Payments provides otherwise. 
3.5.5. Due diligence and monitoring performed by Nectaro are limited and do not provide 
any warranty or indemnity 
During the course of the cooperation, Nectaro will assess the creditworthiness of the Loan 
Originator’s business, their credit policies, credit processes and procedures. This assessment is 
limited in scope and may not address all material risks associated with an investment in the Notes. 
Although if Nectaro regularly evaluates the business model, credit policy and credit process 
implemented by the Loan Originator, this may not guarantee the future performance of the 
investment. 
Nectaro does not provide any warranty or guarantee to the Noteholder and does not indemnify or 
hold the Noteholder harmless from any loss or adverse consequence arising directly or indirectly 
from the investment in the Notes. The Noteholder relies on the assessment and monitoring carried 
out by Nectaro. Basing investment decisions solely on the fact that Nectaro has evaluated the Loan 
Originator may result in a partial or total loss of the amounts invested.

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
 
3.5.6. Repurchase could affect planned return 
The Loan Originator may repurchase the Loan Receivables from the Issuer at any time at their 
then outstanding value without any penalty or other compensation. This may happen, for example, 
in case where the Loan Originator is able to acquire lower cost funding from other sources and 
wishes to refinance the Loan. 
The Loan Originator has not only a right to repurchase, but also has an obligation to repurchase 
the Loan Receivables from the Issuer upon the occurrence of certain events specified in the 
Cooperation Agreement. The Loan Originator may be obliged to repurchase one or more of the 
relevant Loan Receivables and there are certain events that may trigger the obligation to 
repurchase all of the Loan Receivables. The occurrence of an Event of Default under the 
Cooperation Agreement triggers the obligation to repurchase all the Loans Receivables. 
If the repurchase right is exercised by the Loan Originator or if the repurchase obligation arises, 
the relevant Series of Notes will be redeemed early in whole or in part as soon as the Issuer has 
received the repurchase price from the Loan Originator. Noteholders will receive a lower return on 
their investments in the Notes redeemed upon repurchase than the return originally contemplated. 
3.5.7. New regulations in the future might impact the Noteholder and Nectaro 
As Nectaro is a licensed investment firm, it is subject to strict regulatory requirements which may 
change from time to time. In addition, certain regulations affecting Noteholders (such as those 
relating to the prevention of possible money laundering) may affect Noteholders. Such regulations 
may in the future increase investor protection measures, restrict access to Notes to qualified or 
sophisticated Noteholders only, limit the proportion of the portfolio that may be invested in Notes 
or introduce any other restrictive measures.  
The introduction of new regulations or significant changes to the existing regulations could affect 
Nectaro’s profitability, cost base and future operations. Failure to comply with regulations could 
result in, among other things, lawsuits, administrative enforcement actions, penalties, and 
revocation of licences and authorisations. Ultimately, this could result in delayed payments or 
partial or total loss of amounts invested under the Notes.  
3.5.8. Possible conflict of interest 
Although the rights and obligations of Nectaro, the Issuer and the Loan Originator are segregates 
as set out the Transaction Documents and this Base Prospectus, and Nectaro has established 
policies and procedures to mitigate the risk, it is not possible to completely avoid the possibility of 
a conflict of interest between the parties that could affect the interests of the Noteholders.  
Nectaro provides placement services to the Issuer in respect of the Notes. Nectaro is also entitled 
to receive a certain fee from the Loan Originator based on the volume of the outstanding Notes 
purchased by Investors. Nectaro has carefully set up the fee in a manner that is compliant and that 
does not breach the conflict of interest management rules. Such a fee may qualify as an 
inducement and Nectaro would disclose information about such inducements to the Noteholder. In 
addition to disclosing inducements, Nectaro has internal procedures in place to identify and 
manage conflicts of interest. Some conflicts of interest require disclosure and these are disclosed. 
3.5.9. New regulations regarding taxes might impact the expected return for the 
Noteholder 
If new regulations are introduced, or existing regulations or their interpretation are changed so that 
the Issuer and/or Nectaro are required to withhold additional tax before making payments to the 
Noteholder, and the Issuer and/or Nectaro are required to withhold any transfer tax, stamp duty 
and/or financial transaction tax, this could affect the expected return on investment of the 
Noteholder. Similar developments in the Noteholder’s country of tax residence may have the same 
effect.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
 
3.5.10. Notes have limited liquidity and transferability 
The Notes are illiquid securities and there is no active market for them, and the Notes are not 
admitted to trading in any trading venue and it is not possible to trade Notes between Noteholders 
on the Platform. This means that once Notes are purchased, they will remain the property of the 
Noteholder until the final maturity of the Notes. Accordingly, a Noteholder should only invest in 
Notes which it is willing to hold to maturity. 
3.5.11. An undiversified investment portfolio may result in greater exposure to risks than a 
well-diversified portfolio 
Investing in a single Note or in Notes with underlying Loans in a single country means that the 
performance of the portfolio and risk exposure will depend on that Note, the Loan Originator and 
the country risk. 
Nectaro encourages its customers to build a well-diversified portfolio and provides several tools on 
the Platform to automate investing in Notes to make this easier. 
3.5.12. Notes are not bank deposits 
Investment in Notes does not have the status of a bank deposit in Latvia and is not covered by any 
deposit protection or guarantee scheme operated by the Republic of Latvia or any other jurisdiction. 
 
4. 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
4.1. Important notices 
THIS BASE PROSPECTUS MAY NOT BE FORWARDED OR DISTRIBUTED OTHER THAN AS 
PROVIDED BELOW AND MAY NOT BE REPRODUCED IN ANY MANNER WHATSOEVER. THIS 
BASE PROSPECTUS MAY ONLY BE DISTRIBUTED OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES TO 
PERSONS WHO ARE NOT U.S. PERSONS AS DEFINED IN REGULATIONS UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT. ANY FORWARDING, DISTRIBUTION OR REPRODUCTION OF THIS BASE 
PROSPECTUS IN WHOLE OR IN PART IS UNAUTHORISED. FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH 
THIS DIRECTIVE MAY RESULT IN A VIOLATION OF THE SECURITIES ACT OR THE 
APPLICABLE LAWS OF OTHER JURISDICTIONS. 
NOTHING IN THIS BASE PROSPECTUS CONSTITUTES AN OFFER TO SELL OR THE 
SOLICITATION OF AN OFFER TO BUY ANY SECURITIES IN ANY JURISDICTION. THE 
SECURITIES DESCRIBED IN THIS BASE PROSPECTUS HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE 
REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR WITH ANY SECURITIES REGULATORY 
AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES AND MAY 
NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD IN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR 
BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS. 
Any materials relating to a potential offer do not constitute an offer or solicitation, and may not be 
used in connection with an offer or solicitation, in any place where such offer or solicitation are is 
permitted by law. 
Under no circumstances shall this Base Prospectus constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an 
offer to buy any securities in any jurisdiction other than those referred to on page 1 of this Base 
Prospectus. 
4.2. Responsibility for this Base Prospectus 
The Management Board of the Issuer: 
Title  
Name

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
 
Member of the Management Board  
Sigita Kotlere 
Member of the Management Board 
Anna Berezovska 
accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus (other than the 
information in the Sections 7 (LOAN ORIGINATOR), 8 (THE LOANS) and 9 (THE BORROWERS)). 
To the best of its knowledge, the information contained in this Base Prospectus (other than the 
information in Sections 7 (LOAN ORIGINATOR), 8 (THE LOANS) and 9 (THE BORROWERS)) is 
in accordance with the facts and contains no omission likely to affect its import. Any information 
from third parties identified as such in this Base Prospectus as such has been accurately 
reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from the information provided 
by a third party, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading. 
The Loan Originator accepts responsibility for the information contained in the Sections 7 (LOAN 
ORIGINATOR) and 8 (THE LOANS) of this Base Prospectus. To the best of its knowledge, the 
information contained in Sections 7 (LOAN ORIGINATOR), 8 (THE LOANS) and 9 (THE 
BORROWERS) of this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything 
likely to affect its import. 
4.3. Final Terms 
Each Series of Notes will be issued on the terms and conditions set out in the Section 12 (TERMS 
AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES) of this Base Prospectus as supplemented by the applicable 
Final Terms. The Final Terms will be published on the website https://nectaro.eu. A form of the 
applicable Final Terms is set out under the Section 12 (APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS) of the Base 
Prospectus. 
4.4. Other relevant information 
This Base Prospectus must be read and construed together with any supplements to this Base 
Prospectus and with any information incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus and, in 
relation to any Series of Notes, must be read and construed together with the relevant applicable 
Final Terms. 
4.5. Interests of natural and legal persons in the Note offer 
As far as Nectaro is aware, no person involved in this Note offer has any interest material to the 
offer other than potential conflicts of interest that may arise between the Issuer, Nectaro and the 
Loan Originator. These conflicts of interest situations are mitigated by a clear division of roles 
between Nectaro, the Issuer and the Loan Originator in the Transaction Documents and in 
Nectaro’s internal procedures for mitigating conflicts of interest. 
4.6. Reasons for the offer and use of proceeds 
The Issuer expects that net proceeds of any Series of Notes will equal the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the relevant Series. The issuance of the Notes and the receipt of funds upon the sale of 
Notes to the Investors is intended to enable the Loan Originator to make Loans from these funds 
and to strengthen its business operations. 
If, in respect of a particular Series, there is any other specified use of proceeds, this will be set out 
in the relevant Final Terms for that Series. 
4.7. Unauthorised information 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained 
in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document relating to the Programme, 
any information supplied by the Issuer, or any other information as is in the public domain and, if

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
 
given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been 
authorised by the Issuer. 
Nectaro has not authorised the whole or any part of this Base Prospectus and does not make any 
representation or warranty, or accept any responsibility as to the accuracy or completeness of the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus or any responsibility for the acts or omissions of the 
Issuer or any other person in connection with the issue and offering of the Notes, nor does Nectaro 
or any of its shareholders, directors, affiliates, advisers or agents take any responsibility for the 
acts or omissions of the Issuer or any other person in connection with the issue, offering and sale 
of the Notes. 
4.8. Restrictions on distribution 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms, and the offer, sale, and delivery of 
the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this 
Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and Nectaro to inform 
themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. Notes have not been and will not be 
registered under the Securities Act. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold 
or delivered within the United States or to U.S. persons. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final 
Terms constitute an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or purchase any Notes and should not be 
considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, Nectaro or any of them that any recipient of this 
Base Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for or purchase any Notes. Each recipient 
of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms will be taken to have made its own investigation and 
appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer. Nectaro has not provided any 
financial or taxation advice in connection with the Programme or the Notes. 
4.9. Programme limit 
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes under the Programme will not exceed 
EUR 10 000 000 (or its equivalent in other currencies). 
4.10. Language 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms 
might be cited in their original language so that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to 
them under applicable law. 
4.11. Ratings 
No Series of Notes issued under the Programme will be rated by any credit rating agency. 
4.12. Currencies 
The financial information contained in this Base Prospectus has been expressed in euro. The 
Issuer’s functional currency is euro, and the Issuer prepares its financial statements in euro. 
4.13. Third-party and market share data 
This Base Prospectus contains information regarding business of the Issuer, Nectaro, the Loan 
Originator and others, and the industry in which they operate and compete. Where third party 
information has been used in this Base Prospectus, the source of such information has been 
identified. Statistical information included in this Base Prospectus has been derived from official 
public sources, including the statistical releases. All such statistical information may differ from that 
stated in other sources for a variety of reasons, including the use of different definitions and cut-off 
times. This data may subsequently be revised as new data becomes available and any such 
revised data will not be circulated by the Issuer to Investors who have purchased the Notes. In 
some cases, independently determined industry data is not available. In these cases, any market 
share data included in this Base Prospectus is referred to as having been estimated. All such 
estimates have been made by either the Issuer or the Loan Originator using its information and

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
 
other publicly available market information. Each of the Issuer and the Loan Originator believes 
that these estimates of market share are helpful as they give prospective Investors a better 
understanding of the industry in which the Issuer or the Loan Originator operates as well as its 
position within that industry. Although all such estimations have been made in good faith based on 
the information available and the Issuer’s or the Loan Originator’s knowledge of the market within 
which it operates, neither the Issuer, nor the Loan Originator can guarantee that a third-party expert 
using different methods would reach the same conclusions. Where information has not been 
independently sourced, it is the Issuer’s or the Loan Originator’s own information.  
4.14. No incorporation of website information 
The Issuer is affiliated with Nectaro and their website is www.nectaro.eu. 
Unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, information on the website 
or any other website mentioned in this Base Prospectus or any website directly or indirectly linked 
to these websites has not been verified, is not incorporated by reference into, and does not form 
part of, this Base Prospectus, and Investors should not rely on it. 
  
  
5. 
TRANSACTION OVERVIEW 
5.1. THE DESCRIPTION OF THE TRANSACTIONS IN RELATION TO THE NOTES 
5.1.1. The Issuer, Nectaro and the Loan Originator 
The Issuer, Nectaro and the Loan Originator have entered the Transaction Documents for the issue 
and sale of the Notes as described in this Base Prospectus. 
5.1.2. Transfer of the Loan Receivables by the Loan Originator to the Issuer 
 
From time to time, the Loan Originator makes an irrevocable offer to sell the Loan Receivables to 
the Issuer. Generally, the offer of Loan Receivables is made prior to the disbursement of the Loans 
and the purchase of the related Notes, i.e. the Loan Receivables are future. However, the Loan 
Originator may offer already existing Loan Receivables from Loans that have already been 
disbursed. The offer to sell the Loan Receivable is accepted when the Issuer and the Loan 
Originator enter into a Purchase Agreement. The sale of the Loan Receivables to the Issuer is 
evidenced by Nectaro generating the Transfer Document. The Loan Receivables must meet 
certain eligibility criteria to form a ‘pool’ of Loan Receivables to serve as the underlying assets for 
a particular Series of Notes and to satisfy other conditions precedent. 
Payment for the acquired Loan Receivables is subject to the placement of the Series of Notes, 
which means that the Loan Receivables transferred to the Issuer and backing the Series have 
characteristics that demonstrate the ability to produce funds to service all payments due and 
payable on the Notes. The Loan Originator retains in respect of each Loan the ‘skin in the game’ 
by retaining 5% of the outstanding principal amount.

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
 
The Loan Originator, the Issuer and Nectaro agree that Nectaro will act as the paying agent for the 
Issuer under the Transaction Documents, i.e. the Loan Originator will make payments directly to 
Nectaro and Nectaro will make payments directly to the Noteholders. 
5.1.3. Issue of Notes 
 
Once the Issuer has a pool of the Loan Receivables, Nectaro publishes the Final Terms for the 
relevant Series of Notes on the Platform on behalf of the Issuer. This process is automated and 
takes place in real time. 
From the Issue Date, the Notes will be offered by the Issuer to the public through the Platform. 
Investors may purchase Notes from the Issue Date until the Maturity Date of the Notes set out in 
the Final Terms or until the time when the Notes have been sold in full by the Issuer to Investors, 
whichever is the earlier. Information on the results of the offer of the Notes will be published in real 
time on the website https://nectaro.eu from the Issue Date of the Notes. 
The Issuer does not anticipate that there will be any conditions to the offer of the Notes. 
In order to purchase Notes from the Issuer, the Investor registered on the Platform places an 
investment order on the Platform indicating the amount of money that the Investor wishes to invest 
in particular Notes. The Investor may also use automated portfolio management services provided 
by Nectaro to purchase the Notes. The process of purchasing Notes is automated and takes place 
in real time. Upon acceptance of the investment order on the Platform, Nectaro debits cash funds 
from the Investor’s cash account with Nectaro in exchange for delivery of the Notes to the Investor’s 
financial instruments account with Nectaro. Payment for the Notes and delivery of the Notes takes 
place immediately after the investment order is placed on the Platform. The Notes are available 
immediately after the investment order has been executed by Nectaro via the Investor’s profile on 
the Platform. As the Issuer and Nectaro provide financial services the price of which depends on 
fluctuations in the financial market over which the service provider has no control and which may 
occur during the withdrawal period for services relating to transferable securities, investment orders 
are executed immediately without granting Investors the so-called “cooling-off period” during which 
Investors are entitled to cancel the investment order. 
The minimum subscription amount is one Note. The maximum subscription amount is up to the 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of the relevant Series of Notes, but subject to the nominal amount of 
the Notes being available for purchase from the Issuer at the time of execution of the investment 
order with Nectaro. 
It is not expected that any expenses will be charged to the Investor by Nectaro or the Issuer on the 
purchase of the Notes. There is currently no financial transaction tax payable by the Issuer and/or 
Nectaro to the Investor on the subscription or purchase of a Note. 
The Issuer expects that the net proceeds of any Series of Notes will be equal to the Aggregate 
Nominal Amount of such Series.

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
 
5.1.4.  Payments under the Notes 
 
The Interest specified in the Final Terms will begin to be calculated and will accrue from (and 
including) the next day on which the Investor has purchased the Notes from the Issuer and the 
Notes have been booked by Nectaro to the Investor’s financial instruments account. 
The Interest and principal payments under the Notes are linked to and dependent upon the 
corresponding payment being made under the pool of the underlying Loan Receivables. Notes may 
have different payments reflecting the different Loans issued by the Loan Originator, such as: 
1. 
fully amortising Notes – the outstanding principal of the Note and interest are paid regularly 
over the life of the Note so that the outstanding principal of the Note is zero at maturity;  
2. 
partially amortising (or ‘balloon’) Notes – the outstanding principal of the Note and interest 
are paid regularly during the life of the Notes, but a ‘balloon’ of outstanding principal of the 
Notes remains, which is paid at maturity;   
3. 
interest-only Notes – only the interest is paid periodically during the life of the Note, while the 
outstanding principal of the Note is paid at maturity; and  
4. 
bullet Notes – both the principal value of the outstanding Notes and the interest are paid at 
the maturity.  
5.1.5.  The Buyback Obligation 
The Buyback Obligation is the obligation of the Loan Originator to repurchase the relevant Loan 
Receivables from the Issuer, if any payment under any of the relevant Loans is delayed by more 
than 60 days for the Loan Originator, provided that the Buyback Obligation is specified as 
applicable in the Final Terms. 
If the Buyback Obligation is triggered, the relevant Series of Notes will be prematurely redeemed 
in part as soon as the Issuer has received the buyback price from the Loan Originator. The buyback 
price is the nominal value of the Loan Receivables at the time when the Buyback Obligation arose, 
i.e. the principal amount outstanding and the interest and other ancillary claims assigned to the 
Issuer that form part of the Loan Receivables up to the time the Buyback Obligation is triggered. 
5.1.6.  Repurchase 
Repurchase is the right or obligation of the Loan Originator to repurchase the Loan Receivables 
from the Issuer upon the occurrence of certain events specified in the Cooperation Agreement. 
The Repurchase rights may be exercised by the Loan Originator at any time in respect of any Loan 
Receivables. The repurchase price is the nominal value of the Loan Receivables, i.e. the principal

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
 
amount outstanding and the interest and other ancillary claims assigned to the Issuer that form part 
of the Loan Receivables up to the time of the exercise of the Repurchase right, as they are at the 
time of the exercise of the Repurchase right. 
The Repurchase obligation may arise in respect of one or more Loan Receivables or in respect of 
all Loan Receivables. 
Individual affected Loan Receivable(s) must be repurchased by the Loan Originator in accordance 
with the Cooperation Agreement if the following occurs: 
1. termination of the Loan Agreement under which the Loan Receivable arises by the Loan 
Originator; 
2. if any of the following events occur: 
a. 
the Loan Agreement under which any such individual Loan Receivable arises is or 
becomes invalid or unenforceable in whole or in part for any reason whatsoever, or it 
becomes impossible or unlawful for any party to any such document to perform its 
obligations thereunder; or 
b. 
if, in the reasonable opinion of Nectaro and/or the Issuer the Loan Originator’s fraud or 
fraudulent misrepresentation has been established; 
3. in respect of the relevant Loan Receivables, as determined by Nectaro in its sole discretion, if 
any of the following events occur: 
a. 
if any representations or warranties of the Loan Originator in the Cooperation Agreement 
in relation to the Loan are or prove to have been untrue when made or deemed to have 
been made; 
b. 
a breach of an obligation of the Loan Originator to comply with certain restrictions on 
amendments to the Loan Agreements or a breach of the Loan Originator’s obligations as 
servicer of the Loan Receivables; or 
c. 
if it is or becomes unlawful for the Loan Originator to assign or offer to assign new Loan 
Receivables under the laws applicable to the Loan Originator and/or the Loan Receivables 
and/or to perform any of its obligations under the Cooperation Agreement in relation to the 
assignment or servicing of the Loan Receivable (i.e. with retroactive effect). 
The above may not be the exact wording of the provisions of the Cooperation Agreement, but even 
if the wording is different, the description of the essence remains correct. 
In the event of an Event of Default under the Cooperation Agreement has occurred (see paragraph: 
THE TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS - The Cooperation Agreement – Events of Default), Nectaro 
is entitled to require the Loan Originator to repurchase all the Loan Receivables transferred to the 
Issuer. Nectaro may, at its discretion, request the repurchase of all the Loan Receivables or not. If 
full repurchase is requested, the Repurchase obligation must be satisfied by payment of the 
repurchase price within the period, which in most cases will be 5 (five) Business Days, but which 
may be set at a longer period up to a maximum of 6 months, after the notice has been given to the 
Loan Originator regarding the repurchase and the final calculation of the amounts payable has 
been sent to the Loan Originator. 
The repurchase price for the Loan Receivables to be paid by the Loan Originator to the Issuer for 
the Repurchase of the repurchase of the Loan Receivables is equal to the aggregate of the 
remaining principal amount of the Loan Receivable and the accrued and outstanding interest and 
other ancillary claims transferred to the Issuer and forming part of the Loan Receivable up to the 
date of the triggering of the Repurchase.

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
 
If a Repurchase right or obligation is triggered, the relevant Series of Notes will be prematurely 
redeemed in whole or in part as soon as the Issuer has received the repurchase price from the 
Loan Originator. 
5.1.7. No credit enhancement 
There are no credit enhancements or liquidity support for the payment of interest or principal. 
The Issuer, as a special purpose vehicle, has no obligation to make any payment on the Notes 
unless sufficient funds have been received from the Loan Originator which in turn is dependent on 
the receipt of payments on the relevant Loans from the Borrowers. 
5.2.  THE TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS 
The information in this Section is a summary of certain features of the Transaction Documents and 
is provided for information purposes only.   
5.2.1. The Cooperation Agreement 
General 
The Cooperation Agreement contains the agreement between the Issuer, the Loan Originator and 
Nectaro on the matters set out in Section in 5.1 (THE DESCRIPTION OF THE TRANSACTIONS 
IN RELATION TO THE NOTES) above. 
This Base Prospectus, as submitted to Latvijas Banka for approval, is not a scheduled to the 
Cooperation Agreement, but it is only agreed in writing by the same parties as those of the 
Cooperation Agreement no later than on or about the date of submission of this Base Prospectus 
to Latvijas Banka for approval. 
Nectaro 
Nectaro acts as an assignment agent, placement agent, calculation agent, transfer agent and 
paying agent of the Issuer in relation to the Notes. 
Loan servicing 
The Issuer has appointed the Loan Originator as the servicer in respect of Loan Receivables with 
Service Rights, which includes any and all rights to: 
1. 
service the Loan Receivables; 
2. 
execute any agreement or document relating to the servicing; 
3. 
collect all payments under the Loan Agreements; and 
4. 
maintain and use all servicing files and other data and information relating to the Loan 
Receivables, and about the past, present or future servicing of the Loan Receivables. 
Within the scope of servicing obligations, the Loan Originator has undertaken certain obligations, 
including: 
1. 
to collect and process payments from the Borrowers; 
2. 
to transfer payments from the Borrowers to Nectaro as the paying agent of the Issuer; 
3. 
not to assign, transfer or create any encumbrance over any Loan Receivables; and 
4. 
to take all reasonable steps to ensure that the Loan Receivables are not treated as the Loan 
Originator’s property and that any pledge rights, prohibitions or other encumbrances in favour 
of the Loan Originator, its creditors or administrators are not attributed to the Loan 
Receivables. 
The appointment of the Loan Originator as the servicer may only be terminated by mutual written 
agreement between the Issuer, the Loan Originator and Nectaro after the Issuer has performed all 
of its obligations under the Notes to the Noteholders.

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
 
Subject to certain terms and conditions, the Issuer may, by notice to the Loan Originator and 
Nectaro terminate the appointment of the Loan Originator as the servicer and appoint another 
person as the servicer of the Loan Receivables. 
Extensions 
The Loan Originator may amend any of the Loan Agreements without the consent of the Issuer if 
the payments of the relevant Borrower remain unchanged. 
If so provided in the Final Terms, the Loan Originator may extend the repayment schedule of one 
or more of the Loan Agreements without the consent of the Issuer or the Noteholders if (a) there is 
no event of default under any of the Loan Agreements and (b) any change is notified to the 
Noteholders on the Platform. 
The Loan Originator may also, without the consent of the Issuer or the Noteholders, extend the 
repayment schedule of one or more of the  Loan Agreements in order to comply with a new law or 
an amendment to an existing law or a new interpretation of the law or a decision of a government 
or local authority, provided that such change is notified to the Noteholders on the Platform.  
Representations and warranties 
The Loan Originator has made certain representations and warranties in relation to the Loan 
Receivables, including that: 
1. 
all necessary and required procedures, examinations and assessments have been carried 
out to ensure the validity and enforceability of each of the Loan Agreements; 
2. 
the information and documents relating to each of the Loans, the Loan Agreements and the 
Loan Receivables sold to the Issuer are true, correct, and complete; 
3. 
the Loan Originator is the sole owner of the Loan Receivables being sold to the Issuer and 
has full right and power to sell and assign the Loan Receivables; 
4. 
the Loan Receivables are free and clear of all liens, pledges, or encumbrances. 
The Loan Originator has warranted that it has all necessary licences, permits and authorisations 
to carry on its business activities. 
Each of the Issuer, the Loan Originator and Nectaro has ensured the accuracy and completeness 
of all the documents and information being provided by it and its compliance with applicable 
regulatory requirements.  
Indemnities and penalties  
The Loan Originator has agreed to pay the contractual penalties to Nectaro in the event of a breach 
of any of its obligations under the Cooperation Agreement. 
Each of the Issuer, the Loan Originator and Nectaro has indemnified the other against any loss 
suffered by or incurred by the other as a result of its breach under the Cooperation Agreement. 
Events of Default 
The Cooperation Agreement contains a comprehensive list of events that constitute an Event of 
Default. Events of Default under the Cooperation Agreement include (the following list does not 
reflect the exact wording of the Cooperation Agreement and is provided for illustrative purposes 
only): 
1. 
non-payment by the Loan Originator under the Cooperation Agreement; 
2. 
failure by the Loan Originator to perform any of its obligations under the Cooperation 
Agreement; 
3. 
an event of default, as such term is defined in this Prospectus (if any); 
4. 
any security documents (if any) becoming invalid or unenforceable;

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
 
5. 
the insolvency or bankruptcy of the Loan Originator; 
6. 
the commencement of any creditor’s proceedings under the Cooperation Agreement; 
7. 
intentional misrepresentation by the Loan Originator with respect to the information in this 
Prospectus that is derived from the Loan Originator; 
8. 
cross-defaults and cross-accelerations or certain financial obligations; 
9. 
the occurrence of circumstances relating to the AML (Anti Money Laundering) or sanctions 
non-compliance that require the termination of the cooperation with the Loan Originator; 
10. 
cessation of business by the Loan Originator. 
If an Event of Default occurs, Nectaro may stop:  
1. 
the execution of the sale of the Loan Receivables to the Issuer; 
2. 
the placement of the Notes on the Platform; and 
3. 
the processing of submitted but not yet executed orders for the subscription of the Notes. 
Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default Nectaro may require the Loan Originator to Repurchase 
all the Loan Receivables transferred to the Issuer.   
The decision whether to exercise any of the above rights will be made by Nectaro, acting as the 
authorized representative of the Issuer, in its best interests. It may be that an Event of Default can 
be cured or does not adversely affect the ability of the Loan Originator to perform its obligations 
under the Cooperation Agreement. There may also be other legitimate reasons why Nectaro should 
not exercise the aforementioned rights and therefore none of the aforementioned rights will be 
exercised.  
Term and termination  
The Cooperation Agreement shall continue until all obligations of the Issuer, the Loan Originator 
and Nectaro under the terms of the Cooperation Agreement have been performed in full.   
Governing law 
The Cooperation Agreement and any non-contractual obligations arising out of, or in connection 
with, it is governed by and will be construed in accordance with the laws of the Republic of Latvia. 
6. 
ISSUER 
6.1. General 
The Issuer is a special purpose vehicle established for the sole purpose of issuing and offering 
Notes to Investors on the Platform, which are backed by the Loan Receivables acquired from the 
Loan Originator. The Issuer does not engage in any other business activities. 
The Issuer is incorporated as a private limited liability company and registered in the Register of 
Enterprises of the Republic of Latvia on 11 June 2024 under the name SIA “Nectaro Charlie” with 
registration number 40203568286. It operates under the laws of Latvia and has its registered office 
at Jeruzalemes iela 1, Riga, LV-1050, Latvia. The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the Issuer is: 
984500EBEDAZG8581465.  
The share capital of the Issuer amounts to EUR 2800 and consists of 28 shares in registered form 
with a nominal value of EUR 100 which is fully paid up. Each share carries 1 vote. The sole 
shareholder of the Issuer is Nectaro.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
 
 
The Issuer has no subsidiaries and does not own any shares or equity. 
The Issuer is managed by the Management Board appointed by the shareholder of the Issuer. 
Title  
Name  
Other roles  
Member 
Sigita Kotlere 
Member of the Management Board of 
SIA Nectaro, SIA “Nectaro Alpha”, SIA “Nectaro 
Bravo”, SIA “Nectaro Finance”. 
Member 
Anna Berezovska Member of the Management Board of SIA 
Nectaro, SIA “Nectaro Alpha”, SIA “Nectaro 
Bravo”, SIA “Nectaro Finance”. 
For so long as the Notes of any Series are outstanding or Notes may be issued under the 
Programme, the articles of association of the Issuer are available at www.nectaro.eu. 
6.2. Activities 
The activities of the Issuer are as follows: 
1. 
issue and public offer of the Notes to the Investors, including preparation and submission of 
this Base Prospectus to Latvijas Banka and publication of the Base Prospectus on the 
Platform; 
2. 
purchase of Loan Receivable from the Loan Originator arising from the Loans issued to the 
Borrowers; 
3. 
making payments under the Notes through Nectaro, subject to receipt of the relevant funds 
from the Loan Originator; and 
4. 
publication of financial and other information to Investors in accordance with applicable law. 
6.3. Financial information 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has not commenced operations and accordingly 
no financial statements have been prepared. The financial statements will be prepared in 
accordance with the Latvian Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP). 
For accounting purposes, the Loan Receivables are classified as a pass-through of a financial 
asset in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standard (IFRS) 9 3.2.5.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
 
Pursuant to Section 97(1) of the Law on the Annual Statements and Consolidated Annual 
Statements of the Republic of Latvia, the annual financial report must be prepared and approved 
not later than 5 (five) months after the end of the reporting year and submitted to the Latvian State 
Revenue Service of the Republic of Latvia not later than within 1 (one) month after the approval, 
i.e. the Issuer’s 2024 financial report must be prepared and approved by 31 May 2025. The 2024 
financial report of the Issuer will be published on www.nectaro.eu. 
6.4. Authorisation 
The establishment of this Programme and the issue of the Notes have been duly authorised by 
Issuer’s shareholder’s decisions dated 02 October 2024. 
6.5. Significant or material change  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, there has been no significant or material change in the 
financial position of the Issuer since the date of incorporation of the Issuer. 
6.6. Litigation 
The Issuer (whether as a defendant or otherwise) is not and has not during the 12 months prior to 
the date of this Base Prospectus been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer 
is aware) which may have or have had a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of 
the Issuer.  
  
7. 
NECTARO 
Nectaro, under the name SIA Nectaro (former name Dofinance, SIA), was registered as a limited 
liability company in the Commercial Register of the Republic of Latvia on 30 August 2016 under 
the unified registration number 40203016025.   
All shares in Nectaro are held by DYNINNO FINTECH HOLDING LIMITED as its sole shareholder 
with the ultimate beneficial owner being Alex Weinstein (indirectly 81.5% through 
Dyninno Enterprises LLC (registered as a limited liability company in Las Vegas, USA with 
registration number NV20181116744) and Dynamic Innovations Limited (registered as a limited 
liability 
company 
in Malta 
with 
registration 
number C71892) and 
further through 
DYNINNO FINTECH HOLDING LIMITED holding 100% of the share capital of Nectaro). 
DYNINNO FINTECH HOLDING LIMITED is acting as the Borrower posing potential conflict of 
interest (please see Sub-Section 3.1.5 of Section 3.1 (RISKS SPECIFIC TO THE UNDERLYING 
LOANS), Sub-Section 3.2.5 of Section 3.2 (RISKS SPECIFIC TO LOAN SERVICING) and Sub-
Section 2.3.5 of Section 3.3 (RISKS SPECIFIC TO NECTARO)). 
Nectaro has been authorised as an investment firm by Latvijas Banka on 29 March 2023 to provide 
following investment services and ancillary (non-core) investment services: 
1. 
execution of orders on behalf of clients; 
2. 
portfolio management; 
3. 
placing of financial instruments without a firm commitment basis; 
4. 
holding of financial instruments; 
5. 
provision of services in connection with the initial placement of financial instruments. 
Nectaro offers services in Latvia and is authorised to offer its services in Austria, Germany, Italy, 
Netherlands and Spain. Nectaro has not commenced providing services in any other country at the 
date of this Base Prospectus but may do so during the period of validity of this Base Prospectus. 
Investors’ cash is held by Nectaro at partner banks including Swedbank (Latvia) and Signet Bank 
(Latvia).

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
 
Nectaro owns and operates the Platform which is the technical infrastructure through which (1) the 
Loan Originator sells Loan Receivables to the Issuer, (2) the Issuer offers and sells Notes to 
Investors and (3) information exchange and money flows occur between Investors, the Issuer and 
the Loan Originator. 
The principal activities performed by Nectaro in relation to the Notes are as follows: 
1. 
opens and maintains Investment Accounts for Investors and (1) conducts anti-money 
laundering, combating the financing of proliferation and terrorism and know your client 
policies and procedures, (2) conducts appropriateness and suitability tests, (3) is responsible 
for compliance with product governance requirements and (4) informs Investors of the risks 
inherent in the products and services depending on the status of the Investor; 
2. 
prepares this Base Prospectus, engages lawyers and other advisors and submits it to Latvijas 
Banka for approval; 
3. 
operates the Platform for (1) Investors to purchase Notes and receive automated portfolio 
management services and (2) the Issuer and the Loan Originator to transfer title in the Loan 
Receivables and exchange information relating to the Loan Receivables, including, the 
Loans; 
4. 
acts as a placement, calculation, transfer and paying agent for the Notes including (1) 
transfers funds to the Issuer following the placement of the Notes, (2) settles payments due 
between the Issuer and the Loan Originator, (3) makes payments to the Investment 
Accounts, (4) provides information on Investors to the Issuer for the purpose of calculating 
any withholding tax on payments, (5) provides information on Payment Events via API from 
the Loan Originator; 
5. 
maintains the register of Noteholders; 
6. 
complies with the Transaction Documents including monitoring of compliance of the Loan 
Originator with the covenants and other provisions of the Transaction Documents; 
7. 
prepares and submits reports for legal and regulatory purposes to Latvijas Banka, the Latvian 
State Revenue Service and others.  
 
8. 
LOAN ORIGINATOR 
8.1. Business overview 
The Loan Originator is a non-banking credit organisation, organized as a private limited liability 
company, incorporated in the Republic of Latvia on 20 June 2024, registered in the Register of 
Enterprises of the Republic of Latvia under the registration number 40203570331, providing 
business credit services to various related legal entities (Nectaro Group companies). The Loan 
Originator has its registered office at Jeruzalemes iela 1, Riga, LV-1050, Latvia. 
The Loan Originator has no subsidiaries and does not own any shares or equity. 
The Loan Originator is a part of the international group of companies Dyninno, that provides 
products and services in the travel, finance, entertainment and technology sectors in 50+ countries, 
including USA, Canada, Brazil, Colombia, India, the UAE, the Philippines, Egypt, Uzbekistan, Italy, 
the Netherlands, the UK, Moldova, Romania, Latvia, Cyprus, Malta, and Turkiye. 
As of the date of this Bases Prospectus, the Loan Originator is not required by the laws of the 
Republic of Latvia to be registered or licensed to provide business loans. At the same time, the 
Loan Originator is subject to the Law on Prevention of Money Laundering and Terorism and 
Proliferation Financing of the Republic of Latvia and is supervised by the Latvian State Revenue 
Service and has implemented an internal control system in this regard. 
The Loan Originator offers business loan products to Nectaro Group companies. Customers of the 
Loan Originator are only Nectaro Group companies in the following jurisdictions: Cyprus, Moldova,

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
 
Romania and in another EU countries . The purpose of the Loans provided by the Loan Originator 
is to finance the business activities of Nectaro Group companies, which include consumer lending. 
Given that the Loan Originator exclusively offers business loan products to Nectaro Group 
companies, additional potential conflicts of interest may arise (please see Sub-Section 3.1.5 of 
Section 3.1 (RISKS SPECIFIC TO THE UNDERLYING LOANS), Sub-Section 3.2.5 of Section 3.2 
(RISKS SPECIFIC TO LOAN SERVICING) and Sub-Section 2.3.5 of Section 3.3 (RISKS 
SPECIFIC TO NECTARO)).  
8.2. Loans 
The main products of the Loan Originator are unsecured business loans to Nectaro Group 
companies, who serve Loan repayments from cash flow generated by their business operations. 
The Loan is a fixed-term unsecured loan with a set repayment schedule and a fixed interest rate 
for the duration of the Loan. 
Loans are granted and repaid in EUR only. 
8.3. Financial information 
The Loan Originator has commenced its operations in 2024 therefore there are no audited financial 
results available yet. 
The financial statements will be prepared in accordance with the Latvian Generally Accepted 
Accounting Principles (GAAP). 
Pursuant to Section 97(1) of the Law on the Annual Statements and Consolidated Annual 
Statements of the Republic of Latvia, the annual financial report must be prepared and approved 
not later than 5 (five) months after the end of the reporting year, i.e. the Loan Originator’s 2024 
financial report must be prepared and approved by 31 May 2025. The 2024 financial report of the 
Loan Originator will be published on www.nectaro.eu. 
8.4. Auditors 
The planned auditor of the Loan Originator for the financial year 2024 is “KPMG Baltics” SIA, 
registered in the Republic of Latvia on 16 December 1994 under the registration number 
40003235171. 
8.5. Litigation 
The Loan Originator (whether as a defendant or otherwise) is not and has not been involved in any 
governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending 
or threatened of which the Loan Originator is aware) during the 12 months preceding the date of 
this Base Prospectus which may have, or have had in such period had, a significant effect on the 
financial position or profitability of the Loan Originator. 
8.6. Loan issuance process 
The steps in the loan underwriting process include, in order: (1) the Borrower’s application for a 
Loan; (2) identification and registration of the Borrower done by the Loan Originator; (3) risk 
assessment and scoring of the Borrower by the Loan Originator; (4) execution of the Loan 
Agreement; (5) issuance of the Loan. 
8.7. Loans underwriting 
The Loan Originator receives written customer applications for the loan. 
The Loan Originator’s methods of customer identification depend on local regulations and the 
available sources of information about the customer. Verification may involve both manual and 
automated operations, depending on both the customer and the loan application. If necessary, the

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
 
further information is requested from the potential Borrower and preliminary fraud and blacklist 
checks are carried out. 
Once the data has been checked and reviewed, the Loan is either approved and issued or rejected. 
8.8. Issuance of the Loan   
The Loan documentation is signed either physically or digitally with a qualified digital signature. 
The Loan is transferred to the Borrower’s account at the bank after the preconditions of Loan 
issuance (if any) have been met. Repayments are made by the Borrower through online banking 
only. 
8.9. Debt recovery 
The Loan Originator has an effective debt collection process, with a strategy of offering individual 
debt restructuring solutions depending on the Borrower’s circumstances and past payment 
discipline. 
The Loan Originator uses the following debt collection methods: 
(a) In-house debt collection 
The Loan Originator’s philosophy is to strive for successful debt recovery by engaging in a dialogue 
with the customer to help them to find the best way to repay their loans. As soon as the payment 
is overdue 3 day, the Loan Originator starts its reminder system (texts, emails, letters). The 
customer is informed about the overdue amounts and the further actions in case of non-payment. 
The customer may be offered various instruments to facilitate repayment: deferment (i.e. the right 
to defer repayment of the first instalment for a certain period of time) and extension (i.e. a loan 
agreement under which the original instalment plan is modified to allow the customer to repay the 
remainder of the loan in smaller monthly instalments over a longer period than originally agreed). 
If the customer has not fulfilled his contractual obligations, the Loan Originator may unilaterally 
terminate the individual loan agreement. The overdue loan will be terminated before the overdue 
loan reaches 60 days if the debt collection strategy applied is not effective. After termination of the 
agreement, the customer is still offered to restructure the repayment of the loan into smaller regular 
repayments instead of a total sum repayment. 
(b) Outsourced debt collection 
Once the in-house debt collection process has been completed and the Loan Originator assesses 
that there is still potential for collection, the next debt collection steps are taken. For greater 
efficiency, several debt collection companies are used. 
8.10. Administrative, management and supervisory bodies 
The following table shows the main administrative and managerial positions of the Loan Originator. 
Name  
Position / function (year 
since)  
Education and business experience 
summary  
Normunds Stikuts  
Member of the 
Management Board 
(2024) 
 
Normunds has a robust background in 
finance with significant experience in leading 
finance teams, managing cash flows, 
developing strategic plans, and presenting 
financial results to senior management and 
shareholders. His education in finance from 
Banku Augstskola has laid a solid foundation 
for his successful career in financial 
management and strategic planning.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
 
8.11. Shareholders  
The share capital of the Loan Originator is EUR 2800 (two thousand eight hundred euros) divided 
into 28 shares, each share having a nominal value of EUR 100. The share capital is fully paid up. 
All shares in the Loan Originator are held by DYNINNO FINTECH HOLDING LIMITED as its sole 
shareholder with the ultimate beneficial owner being Alex Weinstein (indirectly 81.5% through 
Dyninno Enterprises LLC (registered as a limited liability company in Las Vegas, USA with 
registration number NV20181116744) and Dynamic Innovations Limited (registered as a limited 
liability 
company 
in Malta 
with 
registration 
number C71892) and 
further through 
DYNINNO FINTECH HOLDING LIMITED holding 100% of the share capital of the Loan 
Originator).  
9. 
THE LOANS  
9.1. Legal nature, jurisdiction and the applicable law of the Loans   
The underlying Loans are business loans to Nectaro Group companies granted under the Loan 
Agreement. All legal relations under the Loan Agreement are governed by the laws and regulations 
of the Republic of Latvia. Interest is payable in equal monthly instalments during the term of the 
Loan. Principle is repaid in full at maturity (bullet method). 
Main applicable laws and regulations in respect of non-bank business loans in Latvia and 
respectively to Loans are: 
- 
Civil Law; 
- 
Law on Prevention of Money Laundering and Terrorism and Proliferation Financing 
17 July 2008; 
- 
Commercial Law; 
- 
Civil Procedure Law. 
If the payments are not made in full, fines and/or penalties will be paid first, followed by interest 
and then the principal. 
The Borrower may be required to pay a penalty for events specified in the Loan Agreement. 
The Loan Agreement is subject to such amendments and/or variations from time to time as 
specified in Section 5.2 (THE TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS). 
The Loan Agreement is drafted in English language.  
9.2. Repayment and maturity 
Under the Loan, the Borrower makes monthly payments of interest according to a pre-agreed 
payment schedule that is incorporated into the Loan agreement. The principal of the Loan is repaid 
in full at the maturity. 
Borrowers may repay the outstanding balance in full or in part by notifying the Loan Originator. In 
such case no early repayment fee is applicable. In the case of a partial early repayment, the 
Borrower is obliged to pay the accumulated interest. Interest will be charged on daily basis for the 
whole period of use of the Loan. Interest payable for one day is calculated as per interest rate 
stipulated in the Loan Agreement with the assumption that a month consists of 30 days and a year 
consists of 360 days respectively. 
9.3. Economic environment in Latvia 
After the rapid recovery of the economy from the Covid-19 pandemic crisis in 2021, growth in Latvia 
slowed down to 3.4% in 2022. The economic development in 2022 was significantly affected by the 
supply chain disruptions caused by the Russian invasion of Ukraine, the rise in inflation caused by 
energy and food prices, as well as the decrease in global demand.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
 
In 2023, the economic development continued to be affected by the geopolitical situation and 
uncertainty, high prices and rising bank interest rates. In Q1 of 2023, economic growth ceased. 
However, in Q2 of 2023, GDP already declined by 1.1% compared to the corresponding period last 
year. In the first half of 2023, GDP was 0.6% lower than a year ago. 
In 2024, the economy will begin to grow slightly faster. International institutions predict that in 2024 
the economy in Latvia’s largest export markets will grow and will have a positive impact on the 
country’s export opportunities. As real wages resume to grow, private consumption is also expected 
to resume growth. The implementation of EU fund programmes will have a positive impact on 
investment dynamics. The Ministry of Economics (MoE) predicts that GDP growth could reach 2.1% 
in 2024. 
The further development of the economy in the medium term depends on the situation in the 
external environment and the progress of reforms. The largest risk to Latvia’s growth is related to 
the development of the global economy, especially the geopolitical situation. The future 
development of the EU’s common economic space is also important. Latvia’s economic advantages 
in the medium term will mainly be based on the achieved macroeconomic stability, as a result of 
which Latvia’s credit ratings have improved, as well as on the efficiency of the planned EU support 
programs and improvements in the business environment. As the war in Ukraine drags on, the pace 
of economic recovery could be slower. 
If the advantages of Latvian economic competitiveness are mainly based on technological factors, 
improvement of production efficiency, and innovation, and to a lesser extent on cheap labour and 
low resource prices, Latvia’s growth rates could potentially reach 4-5% per year in the medium 
term. 
10. BORROWERS 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, there are three Borrowers. In the future, it is possible that 
the Loan Originator may extend business loans to entities outside Nectaro group. The Loan 
Originator provides financing to Nectaro Group companies in Cyprus, Moldova and Romania.  
Loans are currently being provided to the following Nectaro Group companies: 
10.1. 
DYNINNO FINTECH HOLDING LIMITED  
10.1.1. Business overview 
DYNINNO FINTECH HOLDING LIMITED is a holding company that provides asset management, 
corporate finance, financial and investment planning, mergers and acquisitions, risk management 
and other holding activities to its subsidiaries and is based in Cyprus, incorporated on 5th October, 
2015, and operating under the laws of the Republic of Cyprus as a limited liability company. 
DYNINNO FINTECH HOLDING LIMITED is registered with the Register of Registrar of Companies 
and Intellectual Property with number HE347548. No license is required to provide above 
mentioned services in Cyprus, Latvia, Romania and other jurisdictions where the 
DYNINNO FINTECH HOLDING LIMITED  operates. DYNINNO FINTECH HOLDING LIMITED has 
its registered address in Agias Phylaxeos 56 & Ethnikis Antistaseos 23, Office 306, 3025, Limassol, 
Cyprus.  
DYNINNO FINTECH HOLDING LIMITED has the subsidiaries and owns the shares described in 
the structure below.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
 
 
The activities of DYNINNO FINTECH HOLDING LIMITED are as follows: 
- 
issuance of loans the subsidiaries of DYNINNO FINTECH HOLDING LIMITED; 
- 
publication of financial and other information to Investors in accordance with applicable laws; 
- 
asset management of Nectaro’s group; 
- 
corporate finance of Nectaro’s group; 
- 
financial and investment planning of Nectaro’s group; 
- 
mergers and acquisitions of subsidiaries; 
- 
risk management of Nectaro’s group. 
10.1.2. History and development 
Over the years, DYNINNO FINTECH HOLDING LIMITED has expanded its operations and 
enhanced its service offerings, contributing to its strong position in the fintech sector, while being 
among the market leaders in online non-banking lending in Romania and Moldova markets. The 
company remains committed to innovation and excellence in financial services, continually 
adapting to meet the evolving needs of its clients and the market, as a result to diversify the market 
list DYNINNO FINTECH HOLDING LIMITED subsidiary has launched lending operations in 
Philippines market. 
10.1.3. Financial information 
The available audited historical financial information of DYNINNO FINTECH HOLDING LIMITED is 
available on Nectaro’s website:  
2023: https://nectaro.eu/dyninno-fintech-holding/audited-historical-financial-information-2023/. 
2022: https://nectaro.eu/dyninno-fintech-holding/audited-historical-financial-information/. 
Since the date of the last published audited financial statements, DYNINNO FINTECH HOLDING 
LIMITED continues to maintain a stable financial position, with no significant changes or 
occurrences that would adversely impact its ability to meet its obligations to Noteholders, 
furthermore, there has been no material adverse change and no significant change in the financial 
performance of DYNINNO FINTECH HOLDING LIMITED. In 2023, the auditors drew attention to 
the financial statements, indicating the uncertainties associated with the conflict in Ukraine and its 
economic impact. This matter is considered to be of fundamental importance to the users'

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
 
understanding of the financial statements due to its nature and significance. The auditor's opinion 
is not modified in respect of this matter. 
10.1.4. Profit forecasts or estimates 
DYNINNO FINTECH HOLDING LIMITED has not made any public profit forecasts or estimates. 
The company continues to focus on its strategic initiatives and operational efficiencies to drive 
growth and financial stability, but it refrains from providing specific financial projections at this time. 
As per information from company management it is indicated that financial performance/profit for 
calendar year 2024 is expected on 200 000 EUR. The financial result will be reached by continue 
of the operational activities as well as receiving the dividends from Romania subsidiary. Profit 
forecast has been prepared on a basis which is both: (a) comparable with the historical financial 
information; and (b) consistent with DYNINNO FINTECH HOLDING LIMITED accounting policies. 
10.1.5. Auditors 
The appointed auditors of DYNINNO FINTECH HOLDING LIMITED for the financial years 2022 
and 2023 is PricewaterhouseCoopers Ltd, PwC Central, 43 Demostheni Severi Avenue, CY-1080 
Nicosia P O Box 21612, CY-1591 Nicosia, Cyprus, Reg. No.143594.  
10.1.6. Litigation 
DYNINNO FINTECH HOLDING LIMITED (whether as a defendant or otherwise) is not and has not 
been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such 
proceedings 
which 
are 
pending 
or 
threatened 
of 
which 
the 
DYNINNO FINTECH HOLDING LIMITED is aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of this 
Base Prospectus which may have, or have in such period had, a significant effect on the financial 
position or profitability of DYNINNO FINTECH HOLDING LIMITED. 
10.1.7. Administrative, management and supervisory bodies  
The 
following 
table 
shows 
the 
main 
administrative 
and 
managerial 
positions 
of 
DYNINNO FINTECH HOLDING LIMITED.  
Name  
Position / function  
Education 
and 
business 
experience 
summary  
Rucsandra 
Larisa 
Stanciu 
Director  
Rucsandra possesses a robust educational 
background, holding a Bachelor's degree in 
economics with specializations in finance, 
investments, insurance, as well as expertise 
in banks and stock markets from Stefan cel 
Mare University Suceava. With over 17 years 
of extensive business acumen, Rucsandra 
has honed a profound understanding of 
various sectors. Prior to assuming the role of 
Director at the Sponsor, Rucsandra served 
as the Direct Sales Regional Manager at 
Bancpost, demonstrating an aptitude for 
strategic 
leadership 
and 
operational 
management. Having dedicated the last six 
years 
to 
spearheading 
operations 
at 
Ecofinance, the Rucsandra brings a wealth 
of experience and expertise to guide the 
company towards continued success and 
growth. Other roles: taking management

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
 
positions in Dyninno group of companies and 
Board member at SIA "Ecofinance Latvia". 
Dimosthenis Georgiou 
Director 
With 
a 
background 
in 
business 
administration 
from 
Cyprus 
College, 
Dimosthenis possesses a solid foundation in 
managing the operations of a company. His 
diploma in Business Administration has 
equipped him with essential skills in 
organization, communication, and problem-
solving, which are crucial for the efficient 
functioning of any office. Having worked in D. 
KATSIS LLC - Cyprus law firm for 8 years 
Dimosthenis 
has 
gained 
a 
deep 
understanding of the legal industry and the 
specific needs and requirements of such a 
setting. Does not hold positions in other 
companies.  
Evdokia Georgiou 
Director 
Evdokia’s 
previous 
experience 
at 
D. 
KATSIS 
LLC 
Law 
Firm, 
where 
she 
served as a Manager in the Corporate 
Department from 2011, showcases her 
strong leadership abilities and effective 
management 
skills. 
Prior 
to 
her 
managerial position, she worked in the 
Corporate Department of the same law 
firm, 
primarily 
focusing 
on 
the 
incorporation 
of 
companies 
and 
handling 
public 
relations. 
As 
the 
Director 
of 
DYNINNO 
FINTECH 
HOLDING 
LIMITED, 
her 
expertise 
in 
both law and corporate affairs makes 
her 
well-suited 
for 
the 
strategic 
oversight 
and 
management 
of 
the 
company's operations. Does not hold 
positions in other companies. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Board members of DYNINNO FINTECH HOLDING 
LIMITED does not own any shares in Nectaro group companies or have options to acquire 
additional shares. Although Rucsanda is responsible for exercising management board functions 
in DYNINNO FINTECH HOLDING LIMITED and “ECOFINANCE IFN SA”, according to the 
procedure, she should represent DYNINNO FINTECH HOLDING LIMITED together with one 
additional board member. Additionally, DYNINNO FINTECH HOLDING LIMITED is not aware of 
any actual or potential conflicts of interest between the Board member's duties to DYNINNO 
FINTECH HOLDING LIMITED or any Nectaro group company and their personal interests or other 
obligations. 
9.1.7. Shareholders 
The share capital of DYNINNO FINTECH HOLDING LIMITED is EUR 424,441.00 divided into 
424,441 shares, each share having one voting right. The capital is fully paid up. Ultimate beneficial 
owner of DYNINNO FINTECH HOLDING LIMITED is Alex Weinstein holding 81.5% of share

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
 
capital of the DYNINNO FINTECH HOLDING LIMITED through Dyninno Enterprises LLC 
(registered as limited liability company in Las Vegas, U.S. with registration number 
NV20181116744) and Dynamic Innovations Limited (registered as limited liability company in Malta 
with registration number C71892). 
10.1.8. Significant change in DYNINNO FINTECH HOLDING LIMITED financial position 
The key changes connected with operational performance relates to acquisition of lending company 
in Philippines - WarmCash, and starting the operational activities by issuing the first consumer loan 
in the market in June 2024. 
10.1.9. Material contracts 
DYNINNO FINTECH HOLDING LIMITED has not entered into any material contracts outside the 
ordinary course of its business that could result in any group member being under an obligation or 
entitlement that is material to DYNINNO FINTECH HOLDING LIMITED ability to meet its 
obligations to Noteholders in respect of the securities being issued. All contracts currently in place 
are integral to the regular operations and strategic initiatives of the company.  
10.2. 
 “ECOFINANCE IFN SA” 
9.2.1. Business overview 
“ECOFINANCE IFN SA”, is a consumer lending services provider, organized as limited liability 
company (exempt private company limited by shares), incorporated on 21.04.2017 in Romania 
registered with the Trade Registry of Bucharest under registration number J40/5634/2017 and 
offering consumer lending services in Romania. “ECOFINANCE IFN SA” has its registered office 
at Av.Popisteanu Street, no.54A, Bulding 1, 2nd Floor, 2nd Unit, 1st Office, Sector 1, Bucharest, 
Romania. 
“ECOFINANCE IFN SA” offers a consumer loan product as a full revolving credit line, with a term 
of up to 24 months. Loans are offered online via website www.creditprime.ro. Customers of the 
“ECOFINANCE IFN SA” are only consumers. The convenient and fast process offered by 
“ECOFINANCE IFN SA” is highly valued by the customers.  
The business model of “ECOFINANCE IFN SA” is built around a full digital and online loan issuing 
experience for customers.  
“ECOFINANCE IFN SA” has no subsidiaries and does not own any shares or equity. 
9.2.2. History and development of “ECOFINANCE IFN SA” 
“ECOFINANCE IFN SA” was established with the aim of transforming the financial services sector 
through innovative and client-centric solutions. The company has since grown into a prominent 
financial institution, known for its commitment to excellence and technological advancement. 
“ECOFINANCE IFN SA” has always prioritized technological innovation. The company invested 
heavily in developing an advanced digital platform that facilitates quick and easy access to financial 
services. In recent years “ECOFINANCE IFN SA” has also enhanced its digital platform with new 
features to improve user experience and security.  
9.2.3. Financial information 
The latest available audited historical financial information of the Loan Originator is available on 
Nectaro website:  
2023: https://nectaro.eu/creditprime-RO/audited-historical-financial-information-2023/ 
2022: https://nectaro.eu/creditprime-RO/audited-historical-financial-information/ 
Figures in the audited financials are indicated in Romanian Ieu (RON). Financial Statements 
reports for year 2023 are prepared in accordance with the International Financial Reporting

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
 
Standards and NBR Ord.27/2010, and for year 2022 Financial report is prepared in accordance 
with the Romanian Standards NBR Order no.6/2015. 
Since the date of the last published audited financial statements, “ECOFINANCE IFN SA” continues 
to maintain a stable financial position, with no significant changes or occurrences that would 
adversely impact its ability to meet its obligations to Noteholders, furthermore, there has been no 
material adverse change and no significant change in the financial performance of “ECOFINANCE 
IFN SA”.  
9.2.4. Profit forecasts or estimates 
“ECOFINANCE IFN SA” has not made any public profit forecasts or estimates. The company 
continues to focus on its strategic initiatives and operational efficiencies to drive growth and 
financial stability, but it refrains from providing specific financial projections at this time. As per 
information from company management it is indicated that financial performance/profit for calendar 
year 2024 forecast close to 1 500 000 EUR. The financial result will be reached by continue of the 
operational activities. Profit forecast has been prepared on a basis which is both: (a) comparable 
with the historical financial information; and (b) consistent with “ECOFINANCE IFN SA” accounting 
policies. 
9.2.5. Auditors 
The statutory auditors for the audited financial statements as of and for the financial years 2022 
and 2023 was MAZARS Romania SRL, having its headquarter located in Globalworth Campus 
Pipera, building B, street Ing.George Constantinescu no 4B and 2-4, 5th floor, room 2, Bucharest, 
post code 020339, Romania, registered with the Trade Registry Office attached to the Bucharest 
Tribunal under no.J40/756/1995, having Sole Registration Code RO6970597. 
9.2.6. Litigation 
“ECOFINANCE IFN SA” (whether as a defendant or otherwise) is not and has not been involved 
in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are 
pending or threatened of which “ECOFINANCE IFN SA” is aware) in the 12 months preceding the 
date of this Base Prospectus which may have, or have in such period had, a significant effect on 
the financial position or profitability of “ECOFINANCE IFN SA”. 
9.2.7. Administrative, management and supervisory bodies 
The following table shows the main administrative and managerial positions of “ECOFINANCE IFN 
SA”. 
Name  
Position / function  
Education and business experience 
summary  
 Andrei Georgian 
Raducan 
 
General Manager 
Andrei possesses a wealth of professional 
experience, spanning over 14 years, and 
holds a Master's degree in International 
Relations and European Programs from the 
esteemed "Alexandru Ioan Cuza" Police 
Academy in Bucharest, complemented by a 
Bachelor's 
degree 
in 
General 
Economy/Tourism 
and 
Commercial 
Management 
from 
"Dimitrie 
Cantemir" 
University, Bucharest. For the past five 
years, Andrei has been a pivotal member of 
the ECOFINANCE IFN SA team, assuming 
the role of Risk Director – Deputy Director 
and now, from 2024, of General Manager.

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
 
Prior to this, Andrei held the position of Head 
of Business Operations and Deputy CEO at 
Mobilo Finance IFN, further solidifying his 
expertise 
in 
risk 
management 
and 
operational leadership within the financial 
sector. Does not hold positions in other 
companies. 
 Marius Chanacheu 
Risk Director 
 Marius possesses an important professional 
experience in business and credit risk 
management, and holds a Master's degree 
in Economy and Services Management from 
the 
esteemed 
Academy 
of 
Economic 
Studies in Bucharest, complemented by a 
Bachelor's degree in Economy of Trade, 
Tourism and Services  from "Nicolae 
Titulescu" University, Bucharest. For the 
past three years, Marius has been a key 
member of the Ecofinance risk team, 
assuming the role of Risk Director since 
2024. Prior to this, Marius held different 
positions as business, reporting and risk 
specialist at Mobilo Finance IFN, further 
solidifying 
his 
expertise 
in 
reporting, 
business support and credit risk analyse 
within the financial sector. Does not hold 
positions in other companies.  
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Board members of “ECOFINANCE IFN SA” does not 
own any shares in Nectaro group companies or have options to acquire additional shares. Although 
Rucsanda is responsible for exercising management board functions in “ECOFINANCE IFN SA” 
and DYNINNO FINTECH HOLDING LIMITED, according to procedure, she should represent 
“ECOFINANCE IFN SA” together with one additional board member. Additionally, “ECOFINANCE 
IFN SA” is not aware of any actual or potential conflicts of interest between the Board member's 
duties to “ECOFINANCE IFN SA” or any Nectaro group company and their personal interests or 
other obligations. 
9.2.8. Shareholders  
The share capital of “ECOFINANCE IFN SA” is 206 525.33 EUR divided into 9400 shares having 
one vote per share. The capital is fully paid up and all shares encompass the same rights. Ultimate 
beneficial owner is Alex Weinstein owning indirectly 80,9% of shares.   
10.2.1. Significant change in “ECOFINANCE IFN SA” financial position 
Since the end of the last financial period for which financial information has been published, there 
has been no significant change in the financial position of “ECOFINANCE IFN SA”. 
10.2.2. Material contracts 
“ECOFINANCE IFN SA” has not entered into any material contracts outside the ordinary course of 
its business that could result in any group member being under an obligation or entitlement that is 
material to “ECOFINANCE IFN SA” ability to meet its obligations to Noteholders in respect of the

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
 
securities being issued. All contracts currently in place are integral to the regular operations and 
strategic initiatives of the company.  
9.3. OCN “Ecofinance Technologies” SRL  
9.3.1. Business overview 
OCN “Ecofinance Technologies” SRL is a consumer lending services provider, organized as limited 
liability company (exempt private company limited by shares), incorporated on 30 July 2018 in the 
Republic of Moldova registered with the Register of National Commission for Financial Markets 
under registration number 1018600034829 and offering consumer lending services in Moldova. 
OCN “Ecofinance Technologies” SRL has its registered office at Republic of Moldova, Chisinau, 
Bl. Dacia 31 (legal address), Puskin Street 26/B (head office).  
OCN “Ecofinance Technologies” SRL offers consumer loan products with a term of up to 5 years. 
Loans are offered online via website https://creditprime.md. Customers of OCN “Ecofinance 
Technologies” SRL are only consumers. The convenient and fast process offered by OCN 
“Ecofinance Technologies” SRL is highly valued by the customers.  
The business model of OCN “Ecofinance Technologies” SRL is built around granting non-bank 
loans to physical persons. 
OCN “Ecofinance Technologies” SRL has no subsidiaries and does not own any shares or equity.  
9.3.2. History and development of OCN “Ecofinance Technologies” SRL 
In its early years, OCN “Ecofinance Technologies” SRL focused on developing a robust digital 
lending platform, which quickly gained traction in the market. This initial success laid the foundation 
for the company’s future growth and innovation OCN “Ecofinance Technologies” SRL continues to 
invest in digitisation and process automation to enhance operational efficiency and customer 
experience. By embracing the latest technological advancements, OCN “Ecofinance Technologies” 
SRL aims to streamline processes, reduce operational costs, and deliver superior services to its 
clients.  
9.3.3. Financial information 
Audited historical financial information of OCN “Ecofinance Technologies” SRL is available on 
Nectaro website: 
2023: https://nectaro.eu/creditprime-MD/audited-historical-financial-information-2023/ 
2022: https://nectaro.eu/creditprime-MD/audited-historical-financial-information/ 
Figures in the audited financials are indicated in Moldovan Ieu (MLD). Financial report is prepared 
in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS).  
Since the date of the last published audited financial statements, OCN “Ecofinance Technologies” 
SRL continues to maintain a stable financial position, with no significant changes or occurrences 
that would adversely impact its ability to meet its obligations to Noteholders, furthermore, there has 
been no material adverse change and no significant change in the financial performance of OCN 
“Ecofinance Technologies” SRL.  
9.3.4. Profit forecasts and estimates  
OCN “Ecofinance Technologies” SRL has not made any public profit forecasts or estimates. The 
company continues to focus on its strategic initiatives and operational efficiencies to drive growth 
and financial stability, but it refrains from providing specific financial projections at this time. As per 
information from company management it is indicated that financial performance/profit for calendar

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
 
year 2024 forecast close to 550 000 EUR. The financial result will be reached by continue of the 
operational activities. Profit forecast has been prepared on a basis which is both: (a) comparable 
with the historical financial information; and (b) consistent with OCN “Ecofinance Technologies” 
SRL accounting policies. 
9.3.5. Auditors  
The statutory auditors for the audited financial statements as of and for the financial year ended 
31 December 2023 was S.R.L. MOORE STEPHENS KSC, with registration number 
1004600066436.  
9.3.6. Litigation 
OCN “Ecofinance Technologies” SRL (whether as a defendant or otherwise) is not and has not 
been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such 
proceedings which are pending or threatened of which OCN “Ecofinance Technologies” SRL is 
aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus which may have, or have in 
such period had, a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of OCN “Ecofinance 
Technologies” SRL. 
9.3.7. Administrative, management and supervisory bodies 
The following table shows the main administrative and managerial positions of the OCN 
“Ecofinance Technologies” SRL. 
Name  
Position / function  
Education 
and 
business 
experience 
summary  
Lilian Guzun 
 
General Manager 
 
Lilian 
obtained 
his 
education 
at 
the 
prestigious ABA Stonier Graduate School of 
Banking, where he acquired advanced skills 
in 
commercial 
banking 
and 
financial 
management. He also holds a Master's 
degree in Finance and a Bachelor's degree 
in Economics. For the past five years, Lilian 
has served as a CEO of a bank and a leading 
consumer lending provider, working for 
some of the most recognizable brands in 
Moldova. Prior to that, he gained experience 
in 
internal 
audit, 
controls, 
and 
risk 
management in the microfinance, fintech, 
and telco sectors. His expertise in leading 
teams, handling operations, and adhering to 
regulatory standards has earned him trust 
and respect within the industry. He does not 
hold positions in other companies. 
Natalia Tovcaci 
Key Account Manager  
Natalija is a highly skilled and experienced 
professional with a strong background in key 
account management. She holds a solid 
educational foundation, having completed 
her studies at both Universitatea Cooperatist 
Comercială din Moldova and Academia de 
Studii Economice din Moldova. For the past 
three years, she has been a Key Account 
Manager at one of the most renowned

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
 
telecommunication companies in Moldova. 
She does not hold positions in other 
companies. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Board members of OCN “Ecofinance Technologies” 
SRL does not own any shares in Nectaro group companies or have options to acquire additional 
shares. Additionally, OCN “Ecofinance Technologies” SRL is not aware of any actual or potential 
conflicts of interest between the Board member's duties to OCN “Ecofinance Technologies” SRL 
or any Nectaro group company and their personal interests or other obligations. 
9.3.8. Shareholders  
The share capital of the OCN “Ecofinance Technologies” SRL is MDL 23,000,000, of which AB 
Natur Invest LLC holds 40% of the shares (9,200,000) and DYNINNO FINTECH HOLDING 
LIMITED - 60% (13,800,000). The capital is fully paid up and all shares encompass the same rights. 
Ultimate beneficial owners are Alexandr Bilinkis, Boris Efimov, Dimitrijs Cimbers and Alex 
Weinstein.  
9.3.9. Significant change in OCN “Ecofinance Technologies” SRL financial position 
Since the end of the last financial period for which financial information has been published, there 
has been no significant change in the financial position of OCN “Ecofinance Technologies” SRL.  
9.3.10. Material contracts 
OCN “Ecofinance Technologies” SRL has not entered into any material contracts outside the 
ordinary course of its business that could result in any group member being under an obligation or 
entitlement that is material to OCN “Ecofinance Technologies” SRL ability to meet its obligations to 
Noteholders in respect of the securities being issued. All contracts currently in place are integral to 
the regular operations and strategic initiatives of the company.  
10. 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the terms and conditions of the Notes (the Terms and Conditions) which, 
together with the relevant Final Terms, will apply to the specified Series of Notes. The relevant 
Final Terms will supplement the Terms and Conditions in respect of each Series of Notes. 
Unless the context otherwise requires, references in the Terms and Conditions to Notes shall be 
to Notes of one Series only and not to all Notes of other Series which may be issued under these 
Terms and Conditions. 
In these Terms and Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, words in the singular include 
the plural and vice versa. 
The use of the word “including” means “including without limitation”. 
In these Terms and Conditions a references to a particular Condition shall be construed as a 
reference to that particular Condition of these Terms and Conditions as in force from time to time 
and as amended or supplemented from time to time. 
The headings are inserted for convenience of reference only and shall not affect the interpretation 
of these Terms and Conditions. 
References in these Terms and Conditions to any other document shall be construed as references 
to that document as then in force and as amended, supplemented or replaced. 
Words and expressions used in these Terms and Conditions in capital letters and not defined shall 
have the meanings given to them in the Final Terms unless the context otherwise requires or unless 
otherwise specified.

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
 
10.1. 
DEFINITIONS 
In these Terms and Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following definitions shall 
apply: 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: the aggregate nominal amount of the Notes as set out in the Final 
Terms. 
API: application programming interface for the exchange and transfer of information and data in a 
structured form between the Issuer, the Loan Originator and Nectaro. 
Available Distribution Amount: the amounts received by the Issuer from the Series Specific 
Loans. 
Base Prospectus: the base prospectus relating to the Notes. 
Borrower: the debtor of a Loan. 
Borrower’s Payments: any payments made by the Borrower under the Series Specific Loans. 
Business Day: any day on which banks in the Republic of Latvia are open for business, except for 
Saturdays, Sundays, and national holidays of the Republic of Latvia. 
Buyback Obligation: the obligation of the Loan Originator to repurchase the relevant Loan 
Receivables from the Issuer in the event of a default in payment under any of the relevant Loans 
of more than 60 days, provided that the Buyback Obligation is specified as applicable in the Final 
Terms. 
Cooperation Agreement: the cooperation agreement between the Issuer, the Loan Originator and 
Nectaro in relation to the Notes, and in relation to the notes issued under other programmes. 
Final Terms: the final terms of the Notes. 
Grace Period: the number of days specified in the Final Terms relating to any grace period in the 
Series Specific Loans for bank-to-bank payments, national holidays and specific debt collection 
policies of the Loan Originator. 
Interest: the interest under the Notes or the Series Specific Loans. 
Interest Accrual Periods: the periods during which Interest accrues on the Notes as set out in the 
Final Terms. 
Interest Payment Date: any date on which Interest is payable under the Notes as specified in the 
Final Terms. 
Interest Rate: the rate at which Interest accrues on the Notes as set out in the Final Terms. 
Investment Accounts: the financial instruments account and the cash account of the Investor 
opened with Nectaro. 
Issue Date: the issue date of the Notes, being the date on which the Notes are first made available 
for subscription in accordance with the Final Terms. 
Issuer: SIA "Nectaro Charlie”, incorporated as a private limited liability company and registered in 
the Republic of Latvia under registration number 40203568286 on 11 June 2024, a special purpose 
vehicle whose principal purpose is to issue Notes. 
Issuer’s Account: the cash account of the Issuer opened by Nectaro and used solely for the 
settlement of payments with the Loan Originator, and the Noteholders. 
Late Payment Interest: the Interest on any principal amount due but not paid under any Series 
Specific Loan which is calculated at the rate (the Late Payment Interest Rate) specified in the Final 
Terms on the principal amount due (if any).

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
 
Loan: the principal amount outstanding under the Loan Agreement. 
Loan Agreement: the loan agreement between the Loan Originator and the Borrower as specified 
in applicable Loan Agreement and Final Terms. 
Loan Final Repayment Date: the scheduled final repayment date of the Series Specific Loans as 
set out in the Final Terms. 
Loan Originator: SIA "Abele Finance", incorporated as a private limited liability company and 
registered in the Republic of Latvia under registration number 40203570331on 20 June 2024. 
Loan Originator’s Payment: any payment made by the Loan Originator under the Series Specific 
Loans. 
Loan Interest Payment Date: each date on which Interest is payable under the Series Specific 
Loans in accordance with the Final Terms. 
Loan Interest Rate: the rate at which Interest accrues on the outstanding principal amount of the 
Series Specific Loans as set out in the Final Terms. 
Loan Receivables: the receivables of the Loan Originator under the Series Specific Loans which 
have been assigned to the Issuer, being 100% of the outstanding principal amount of the relevant 
Series Specific Loan. 
Loan Repayment Date: any date on which the Series Specific Loans are to be redeemed in 
accordance with the Final Terms. 
Maturity Date: the scheduled maturity date of the Notes as set out in the Final Terms. 
Nectaro: SIA Nectaro, incorporated as limited liability company and registered on 30 August 2016 
in Republic of Latvia under registration number 40203016025. 
Noteholder: any person who from time to time appears as the holder of a Note in the electronic 
register maintained by Nectaro. 
Notes: notes issued or to be issued by the Issuer. 
Payment Event: the date on which 1) information in respect of the Loan Originator’s Payments is 
received by Nectaro through API in accordance with the Transaction Documents, 2) the right or 
obligation under the Buyback Obligation or Repurchase arises, 3) a full or partial repayment of any 
of the Series Specific Loans occurs, 4) a breach of the repayment schedule of any of the Series 
Specific Loans occurs, 5) an extension of the repayment schedule of any of the Series Specific 
Loans occurs in accordance with Section 5.2 (THE TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS) and 6) any 
change in any of the Loan Interest Payment Dates or the Loan Repayment Dates of one or more 
of the Series Specific Loans occurs. 
Pending Payment Penalty Fee: the fee on all amounts due to the Issuer from the Loan Originator 
under any of the Transaction Documents at the interest rate specified in the Final Terms (if any). 
Principal Amount Outstanding: the Aggregate Nominal Amount, taking into account any partial 
redemptions of the Notes. 
Priority of Payments: the priority of payments set out in Section 10.8 (PRIORITY OF 
PAYMENTS). 
Purchase Agreement: the part of the Cooperation Agreement relating to the purchase by the 
Issuer and the sale by the Loan Originator of the Series Specific Loan. 
Redemption Date: any date on which the Notes are to be redeemed as specified in the Final 
Terms.

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
 
Repurchase: the right or obligation of the Loan Originator to repurchase the relevant Loan 
Receivables from the Issuer upon the occurrence of certain events specified in the Cooperation 
Agreement (as described in Section 5.1.6 (Repurchase)). 
Series: Notes having the same Issue Date and the same Terms and Conditions (including in 
respect of Series Specific Loans) and which are identified in the relevant Final Terms as 
constituting a series. 
Series Specific Loan: each loan agreement between the Loan Originator as a lender and the 
Borrower as set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
Specified Denominations: the specified denominations of the Notes as set out in the Final Terms. 
Transaction Documents: the Cooperation Agreement and the Transfer Document.  
Transfer Document: the document generated by Nectaro evidencing the transfer of Loan 
Receivables from the Loan Originator to the Issuer in accordance with the Purchase Agreement. 
10.2. UNDERTAKINGS OF THE ISSUER 
The undertakings in this Section 10.2 are in force as long as any of the Notes are outstanding. 
10.2.1. Authorisations and compliance with laws 
The Issuer will promptly obtain, comply with, and do all that is necessary to maintain in full force 
and effect all authorisation required under any law or regulation of Latvia to enable it to perform its 
obligations under the Notes or to hold title to the Loan Receivables, and to carry on its business 
as usual. The Issuer will comply in all respects with all laws to which it is subject. 
10.2.2. Negative covenants 
Except in connection with the Notes or as provided in the Base Prospectus, the Issuer will not: 
1. 
sell, transfer, create any security over or otherwise dispose of any of the Loan Receivables; 
2. 
incur or permit to be incurred any financial indebtedness; 
3. 
be the creditor in respect of any loan or any form of a credit to any person, other than the 
Loan Originator or as permitted under the Transaction Documents; 
4. 
give or permit to be given any guarantee or indemnity to or for the benefit of any person in 
respect of any obligation of any other person; 
5. 
carry on any business other than as a special purpose pass-through entity established for 
the purpose of issuing and offering Notes, which are backed by the Loan Receivables, to 
Investors on the Platform; or 
6. 
use the Issuer’s Account for any purpose other than as set out in these Terms and Conditions 
and the Transaction Documents. 
10.3. GENERAL 
The Issuer has authorised the creation, issue and sale of the Notes pursuant to these Terms and 
Conditions together with the relevant Final Terms in order to provide the Issuer with funds to 
purchase Loan Receivables in accordance with the Purchase Agreement. The issue of the Notes 
on the Issue Date specified in the Final Terms corresponds to the Issuer acquiring title to the Loan 
Receivables in aggregate amount equal to the Aggregate Nominal Amount. 
Subject to Clause 10.26, the Issuer shall acquire the title to the Loan Receivables on the condition 
that Nectaro has determined that it has all the data required by it in relation to the Loan Receivables 
under the Purchase Agreement. In no event shall this condition imply any obligation on the part of 
the Issuer or Nectaro to examine, verify or assess such data, including, through the use of any 
documentary evidence.

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
 
In each case where amounts of principal, Interest, other income and additional amounts (if any) 
are payable in respect of the Notes, the obligations of the Issuer to make such payments will 
constitute an obligation only to account to the Noteholders, on each date on which such amounts 
are due, for an amount equal to the amounts of principal, Interest, other income and additional 
amounts (if any) actually received by the Issuer in respect of the Series Specific Loans. 
Neither the Issuer nor Nectaro will be liable to make any payment in respect of the Notes other 
than as expressly provided in these Terms and Conditions. 
Save for any fees payable to the Loan Originator, the Issuer and Nectaro, none of the persons 
involved in the issue of the Notes has, so far as the Issuer is aware, any interest material to the 
offer of the Notes. 
10.4. STATUS  
The Notes constitute direct, general, unsubordinated, and limited recourse debt obligations of the 
Issuer, which rank pari passu with each other and will at all times rank at least pari passu with all 
other present and future direct, general, unsubordinated and limited recourse obligations of the 
Issuer arising from the present and further Series, except those obligations which may be preferred 
under applicable law. 
No proprietary or other direct interest in the Issuer’s rights under or in respect of any of the 
Transaction Documents and the Loan Receivables, exists for the benefit of the Noteholders. 
Subject to these Terms and Conditions, no Noteholder will have any right to enforce any of the 
Transaction Documents and the Loan Receivables, or any direct recourse against the Loan 
Originator or any of the Borrowers. 
10.5. FORM  
The Notes are issued by the Issuer in registered form which are deposited and held in book-entry 
form with Nectaro.   
10.6. ISSUE OF NOTES  
The Notes are issued in euro on the Issue Date in the Aggregate Nominal Amount and the 
Specified Denominations as provided in the Final Terms. 
10.7. REGISTER, TITLE AND TRANSFERS  
Nectaro maintains an electronic register of Noteholders in accordance with the Cooperation 
Agreement. No certificate will be issued to any Noteholder in respect of its holding. 
Each Noteholder will (except as otherwise required by law) be treated as the absolute owner of 
each relevant Note for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and notwithstanding any notice of 
ownership, trust or any other interest in the Note) and no person will be liable for so treating the 
Noteholder. 
The Notes are held in financial instrument accounts of the Noteholders with Nectaro. Notes may 
not be transferred between financial instrument accounts, whether with Nectaro or with any other 
investment service provider. No application has been or will be made to trade the Notes on any 
regulated market or any other trading venue. 
10.8. PRIORITY OF PAYMENTS 
All funds received by the Issuer in respect of the Series Specific Loans, whether or not designated 
as relating to the relevant Series Specific Loan, shall, to the extent permitted by law, be applied by 
the Issuer in the following order of priority: 
1. 
in or towards the payment of any amount due by the Issuer to any tax authority and payable 
by the Issuer under or pursuant to the Notes; 
2. 
in payment or satisfaction of all fees and penalties (if any) then due and unpaid to Nectaro 
by the Loan Originator under the Cooperation Agreement;

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
 
3. 
in or towards the payment or satisfaction of all amounts then due and unpaid by way of 
commissions, fees, costs, charges, expenses and liabilities incurred or payable for servicing 
of the Loan Receivables if (i) the Issuer or any person designated by the Issuer has assumed 
the servicing of the Loan Receivables or (ii) an event of default of the Loan Originator has 
occurred under any of the Transaction Documents and the Issuer acts for the purpose of 
recovering funds, including filing a claim in any liquidation, insolvency or other administrative 
proceeding of the Loan Originator, or enforcing any legal rights; 
4. 
in or towards the payment or satisfaction of any costs, including legal fees, of any action to 
recover funds, collect or restructure payment obligations, or take any other action to obtain 
the Loan Receivables; 
5. 
to the Noteholders in or towards the payment or discharge of all amounts of Interest and 
principal (Late Payment Interest or penalty fee or other assigned claim, if any, in the order 
that is set out in respect to the relevant Loan Receivable) then due and payable under or in 
respect of Series, Repurchase prices and/or Buyback Obligation prices, unless the Buyback 
Obligation price is discharged next in accordance with Clause 6 below. Such 
payment/discharge shall be made by ranking the Series Specific Loans of all Series 
outstanding in the chronological order from the Series Specific Loan with the earliest 
Payment Event to the Series Specific Loan with the latest Payment Event, and then applying 
a pro rata approach at each particular Series level; 
6. 
to the Noteholders in or towards the payment of the Notes’ pro rata share of the Pending 
Payment Penalty Fee (if any). Such pro rata share shall be applied to all affected Series. 
Neither the Issuer nor Nectaro shall be liable for the application of the Priority of Payments, 
including for any minor errors. 
10.9. INTEREST 
10.9.1. Payment of Interest 
Each Note bears Interest from (and including) the next day following the date on which the Note 
was subscribed for by the Noteholder. Interest will be calculated in accordance with Clause 10.9.2 
and will be payable in euro on each Interest Payment Date in arrears. 
10.9.2. Accrual of Interest 
The Interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of each Note is as follows: 
Loan Interest rate x Series Specific Loan Principal Amount Outstanding x Day Count 
Where: 
‘Series Specific Loan Principal Amount Outstanding’ means the principal amount of the Series 
Specific Loans which is scheduled to be outstanding (even if the principal amount is redeemed 
later) on the day immediately preceding the Loan Interest Payment Date which is immediately 
preceding the Interest Payment Date. 
‘Day Count’ means the actual number of days in the immediately preceding Interest Accrual Period, 
divided by 360, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms. 
10.9.3. Accrual of Late Payment Interest 
The Late Payment Interest (if specified as being applicable in the Final Terms) payable on each 
day on which the Principal Amount Due in respect of each Note has been received by the Issuer 
is as follows: 
Late Payment Interest Rate x Principal Amount Due x Day Count 
Where:

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
 
‘Principal Amount Due’ means the principal amount of a Series Specific Loan which was due on 
the Loan Repayment Date, but which has not been paid under the relevant Series Specific Loan, 
provided that there shall be no Principal Amount Due if it is paid within the Grace Period; and 
‘Day Count’ means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days from (but excluding) the date on which the Principal Amount Due becomes due to (but 
excluding) the date on which the Issuer receives the Principal Amount Due or, in the case of a 
Buyback Obligation or a Repurchase, the relevant Payment Event, divided by 360. 
Any payment of Interest or Late Payment Interest will be made only in accordance with 
Clauses 10.8,  10.12 and 10.26 and will be subject to the relevant Payment Event having 
occurred and the Issuer having received the corresponding payment under the Series 
Specific Loans. 
10.10. PRINCIPAL REDEMPTION 
10.10.1. Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled in accordance with these Terms and 
Conditions, each Note will be redeemed at the Principal Amount Outstanding on the Maturity Date. 
10.10.2. Early Redemption 
A portion of the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Notes will be redeemed pro rata on each 
Redemption Date and at any other time a principal payment is received by the Issuer under any of 
the Series Specific Loans, without any prior notice to the Noteholders. The Principal Amount 
Outstanding of the Notes to be redeemed shall be in the same proportion as the proportion that 
the principal payment received by the Issuer has to the total principal amount outstanding of all the 
Series Specific Loans immediately before the principal payment. Any accrued but unpaid Interest 
associated to that proportion of the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Notes being redeemed 
will be paid at the same time. For the avoidance of doubt, when the Principal Amount Outstanding 
of the Notes is redeemed, the nominal amount of each Note (as specified in the Final Terms) will 
be constant and unchanged. 
Any repayment of the Principal Amount Outstanding will be made only in accordance with 
Clauses 10.8, 10.12 and 10.26 and will be subject to the relevant Payment Event having 
occurred and the Issuer having received the corresponding payment under the Series 
Specific Loans. 
10.11. INTEREST AND PRINCIPAL DETERMINATION 
Nectaro determines (a) the amount of Interest and the Late Payment Interest (if any) payable in 
accordance with Clause 10.9 for each Interest Payment Date and (b) the amount of principal 
payable in accordance with Clause 10.10 on each Redemption Date and the Maturity Date, on its 
review of the following information: 
1. 
the Payment Events which have arisen; 
2. 
aggregate payment amounts paid by the Borrowers which have been received from the Loan 
Originator; 
3. 
the Buyback Obligation and Repurchase which have arisen; and 
4. 
the amounts then due and owed by the Issuer according to the Priority of Payments on the 
Interest Payment Date, the Redemption Date or the Maturity Date. 
On each Interest Payment Date, each Redemption Date and the Maturity Date, Nectaro on the 
Issuer's behalf will direct the payment of Interest and principal amounts to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Clauses 10.12.

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
 
If after application of the Priority of Payments the Issuer has insufficient funds on any Interest 
Payment Date, any Redemption Date or the Maturity Date to make a payment of Interest or 
principal in full as required by Clauses 10.9 and 10.10, on behalf of the Issuer, Nectaro at its sole 
discretion may decide that: (1) the Issuer pays part of the amount due or (2) defers the payment 
until the full amount due is available and such partial payment or deferral will not constitute an 
Event of Default under these Terms and Conditions. 
All determinations, calculations and adjustments made by Nectaro will be made in conjunction with 
the Issuer and will, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive in all respects and binding upon 
the Issuer and all Noteholders. 
10.12. PAYMENTS 
10.12.1. Payments of Interest and Principal 
Subject to Clauses 10.8 and 10.13, the Issuer will, from any Available Distribution Amount: 
1. 
pay the Interest on the Notes in accordance with clause 10.9 on each Interest Payment Date; 
and 
2. 
redeem the Notes in accordance with Clause 10.10 on each Redemption Date and the 
Maturity Date. 
10.12.2. Notes contingent payments 
All payments of Interest and Principal by the Issuer under the Notes will be subject to the Issuer 
having received information on the Payment Event and the Available Distribution Amount being 
sufficient to make the relevant payments in accordance with the Priority of Payments. The Notes 
will not create any obligation on the part of the Issuer to make any payment in excess of the 
foregoing. 
Any overdue payment of Interest or principal on any of the Series Specific Loans that have been 
collected by the Loan Originator (including by its external debt collection agency) will be paid to 
the Issuer as an Available Distribution Amount, to be paid in accordance with the Priority of 
Payments on the date determined by the Issuer in its sole discretion. 
10.12.3. Pending Payments Penalty Fee 
If, following a Payment Event, the Loan Originator is in default of any payment due to the Issuer 
under any of the Transaction Documents for more than 10 days, the Loan Originator shall pay to 
the Issuer the Pending Payment Penalty Fee. 
10.12.4. Loan extension 
The Loan Originator may modify any of the Series Specific Loans without approval of the Issuer 
and the Noteholders, provided that payments from the relevant Borrower remains unchanged. 
If ‘Extension possibility’ is provided in the Final Terms, the Loan Originator may extend the 
repayment schedule of one or more Series Specific Loans by changing the Loan Interest Payment 
Date, the Loan Repayment Date and/or the Loan Final Repayment Date without the consent of the 
Issuer or the Noteholders provided that 1) there is no event of default under any of the Series 
Specific Loans, and 2) any change is notified on the Platform to the Noteholders. 
The Loan Originator may also extend the repayment schedule of one or more Series Specific Loans 
by changing the Loan Interest Payment Date, the Loan Repayment Date and/or the Loan Final 
Repayment Date without the consent of the Issuer or the Noteholders to comply with any new law 
or amendment of any existing law or new interpretation of the law, or any decision of any 
government or municipal if such change is notified on the Platform to the Noteholders.

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
 
10.12.5. Loan Receivables subject to Buyback Obligation or Repurchase 
Any Loan Receivable subject to the Buyback Obligation or Repurchase will be repurchased by the 
Loan Originator at a price equal to the outstanding principal amount of the Loan Receivable 
together with any accrued but unpaid Interest and any Late Payment Interest up to (but excluding) 
the repurchase date. 
10.12.6. Insufficient funds on the Maturity Date 
If any amounts on the Notes are outstanding on the Maturity Date, the Maturity Date will be 
automatically postponed to the date that is the earlier of 1) the date on which all amounts due and 
payable under the Notes are paid and 2) the date referred to in Clause 10.12.7, and Interest will 
not accrue on the Notes (other than the Pending Payment Penalty Fee, if applicable) and any 
Available Distribution Amount will be paid to the Noteholders on a date as reasonably determined 
by the Issuer in accordance with the Priority of Payments. 
10.12.7. After the Maturity Date 
If at any time after the Maturity Date: 
1. 
Nectaro concludes in a written notice from the Loan Originator to the Issuer and Nectaro and 
through API that the Loan Originator has determined in good faith that there is no realistic 
prospect of collecting any further funds in accordance with its loan management and 
collection policies from the Series Specific Loans that are not subject to the Buyback 
Obligation nor Repurchase; or 
2. 
the Issuer and Nectaro determine in good faith that there is no realistic prospect of collecting 
any further funds from the Loan Originator if the Series Specific Loans are subject to the 
Buyback Obligation and/or Repurchase but the Issuer has not received the full amount due 
under the Buyback Obligation or Repurchase or, if earlier, after 10 years from the Maturity 
Date, 
as of that date (i) all the Notes outstanding will be cancelled in full, (ii) the Issuer will be 
deemed to have discharged all of its payment and other obligations to each of the 
Noteholders and (iii) no Noteholder will have any rights in respect of any of the Notes. 
10.12.8. Payments to the Noteholders 
All payments of Interest and redemption amounts in respect of the Notes will be made to the 
relevant Investment Account. 
10.12.9. Taxes 
All payments and/or deliveries in respect of the Notes made by or on behalf of the Issuer will be 
made subject to any withholding or deduction for any taxes, duties, or governmental charges of 
whatever nature which may be required to be withheld or deducted. The Issuer or Nectaro will: 
1. 
not be liable as a result for, or otherwise obliged to pay, any additional amount to any of the 
Noteholders in respect of, or compensation for, any such withholding or deduction or any 
other amounts withheld or deducted; 
2. 
not be liable for or otherwise obliged to pay, and the relevant Noteholder will be liable for 
and/or pay, any tax, duty, charge, withholding or other payment whatsoever which may arise 
result of, or in connection with, the ownership, any transfer (or agreement to transfer), any 
payment and/or any delivery (or any agreement for delivery) in respect of the Notes held by 
such Noteholder; and 
3. 
have the right but will not be obliged (unless required by law), to withhold or deduct from any 
amount payable or any delivery due to the relevant Noteholder, such amount or portion as

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
 
will be necessary to account for or to pay any such tax, duty, charge, withholding or other 
payment. 
The Noteholders will agree to provide the Issuer and/or Nectaro with all information and 
documentation required by the Issuer and/or Nectaro, as the case may be, to satisfy any Latvian 
or other country tax or regulatory obligations at any time. 
10.12.10. 
Payments on Business Days 
If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Notes is not a Business Day, the 
Noteholder will not be entitled to payment of the amount due until the next succeeding Business 
Day in such place and will not be entitled to any further interest or other payment in respect of any 
such delay. 
10.13. LIMITED RECOURSE AND NON-PETITION  
Notwithstanding anything in the Base Prospectus, the obligations of the Issuer in respect of the 
Notes are limited recourse obligations which are payable solely from the sums of principal, Interest, 
other return and additional amounts (if any) actually received (and identified as such) in relation to 
the Series Specific Loans. 
All payments to be made by the Issuer in respect of the Notes will be made only from and to the 
extent of the sums received or recovered from time to time by or on behalf of the Issuer under the 
Series Specific Loans, subject always to the Priority of Payments. 
In relation to any sums received or recovered, the Issuer (or Nectaro on its behalf) will follow these 
Terms and Conditions in determining to which Series of Notes such sums relate and such 
determination will be binding on Noteholders of all Series in the absence of manifest error. 
To the extent that the sums referred to above in this Clause are less than the amount which the 
Noteholders may have expected and been entitled to receive (such difference being referred to as 
the shortfall), the shortfall will be borne by the Noteholders. 
Each Noteholder, on subscribing or buying any Note directly, through a strategy of the Platform or 
any other way, irrevocably accepts and acknowledges that it is fully aware that: 
1. 
only the sums referred to in this Clause as stated above will be available for any payments 
to be made by the Issuer in respect of the Notes; 
2. 
the sums which are attributable to another Series of Notes are only available in satisfaction 
of the obligations of the Issuer to such Noteholders; 
3. 
the obligations of the Issuer to make payments in respect of the Notes will be limited to the 
sums and the Noteholders will have no recourse to the Issuer, the Loan Originator, Nectaro 
or their respective shareholders, directors, officers, employees, affiliates, successors or 
assigns in respect of the Notes for the shortfall; 
4. 
no Noteholder is entitled to proceed against the Issuer or Nectaro for the shortfall; 
5. 
following the realisation and distribution of the net proceeds from the Loan Receivable 
corresponding to the Series Specific Loan in accordance with the Priority of Payments, the 
Noteholders or anyone acting on behalf of any of them will not be entitled to take any further 
steps against the Issuer or Nectaro to recover any further sum and the right to receive any 
such further sum will be deemed as fulfilled; and 
6. 
no Noteholder will be entitled to petition or take any other step or join with any other person 
in bringing, instituting or joining, insolvency, winding-up, liquidation or bankruptcy 
proceedings (whether court-based or otherwise), or for the appointment of an examiner, 
liquidator or analogous person in relation to the Issuer, nor will it have any claim to, or in 
respect of any sum arising in respect of any assets of the Issuer. 
Non-payment of the shortfall referred to in this Clause above will not constitute an Event of Default.

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
 
None of the shareholders of the Issuer or the Loan Originator has any obligation to any Noteholder 
for payment of any amount by the Issuer in respect of the Notes. 
The provisions of this Clause 10.13 will survive redemption of the Notes. 
10.14. PURCHASE 
 The Issuer may at any time purchase Notes at any price in the open market or otherwise. 
Any Note purchased by the Issuer on the sole discretion of the Issuer may be cancelled by Nectaro. 
10.15. CANCELLATION 
All Notes which are redeemed or cancelled may not be re-issued or resold. 
10.16. PRESCRIPTION 
All claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes will be prescribed and become 
void unless made within 10 years from the date on which payment in respect of the Notes first 
becomes due. 
10.17. FURTHER ISSUES  
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders create and issue further 
Series and further tranches of existing Series of Notes. A further tranche of an existing Series will: 
1. 
be fungible with the Notes of that existing Series; 
2. 
have the same terms and conditions as the Notes of that Series except for the Aggregate 
Nominal Amount, the Issue Date, the Issue Price, the Interest Accrual Periods, the first 
Interest Payment Date and the first Redemption Date; and 
3. 
be consolidated and form a single Series with that existing Series of Notes, and references 
in these Terms and Conditions to Notes will be construed accordingly. 
10.18. EVENTS OF DEFAULT  
1. 
Any of the following events will constitute an event of default under the Notes (each, an 
Event of Default): 
(a) 
if any order is made by any competent court or any resolution passed for the winding- 
up or dissolution (including any bankruptcy, insolvency, voluntary, forced or judicial 
liquidation, composition with creditors, a reprieve from payment, controlled 
management, fraudulent conveyance, general settlement with creditors or 
reorganisation proceedings or similar proceedings affecting the rights of creditors 
generally) of the Issuer (save for the purposes of amalgamation, merger, 
consolidation, reorganisation or other similar arrangements); or 
(b) 
formal notice is given of an appointment an administrator (including any receiver, 
liquidator), provisional administrator; or 
(c) 
any application is made, or petition is lodged, or documents are filed with the court or 
administrator in relation to the Issuer for the actions, proceeding or procedures 
specified in paragraphs (a) or (b) above, unless such proceedings or petitions are 
disputed in good faith and are discharged or dismissed within 75 calendar days of 
commencement. 
2. 
The Issuer is obliged to inform Nectaro immediately if any Event of Default should occur. 
Should Nectaro not receive such information, Nectaro is entitled to assume that no Event of 
Default exists or can be expected to occur, provided that Nectaro does not have knowledge 
of any Event of Default. Nectaro is under no obligation to make any investigations relating to 
any Event of Default. The Issuer will, at the request of Nectaro, provide Nectaro with details

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
 
of any Event of Default and provide Nectaro with all documents that may be of significance 
for the application of this Clause 10.18. 
3. 
If Nectaro has been notified by the Issuer or has otherwise determined that there is an Event 
of Default, Nectaro will, within 15 Business Days of the day of notification or determination, 
notify the Noteholders according to Clause 10.21. 
4. 
Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, Notes are repaid according to the terms and 
conditions stipulated by this Prospectus and relevant Series Final Terms, unless otherwise 
required by a rule of the law. 
5. 
Nectaro, subject to the Noteholders indemnifying and holding Nectaro harmless from any 
reasonable expenses, loss or liability, will take every reasonable measure necessary to 
recover the amounts outstanding under the Notes according to their terms and conditions 
and Transaction Documents. Nectaro will in each case inform the Noteholders about the 
costs which should be compensated prior to requesting any indemnification. In any case 
Nectaro will charge this compensation of costs only up to the recovered amount. Nectaro will 
not ask for compensation of costs for its in-house staff and resources. 
6. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if any payment is not made by the Issuer because the Issuer 
has not received the relevant amounts under the Series Specific Loans so that the Available 
Distribution Amount after application of the Priority of Payments is not enough to make 
payments due under the Notes in full, the occurrence of such event will, as such, not 
constitute an Event of Default. 
10.19. MEETING OF NOTEHOLDERS 
10.19.1. General provisions 
The Issuer from time to time may convene a meeting of the Noteholders (the Noteholders 
Meeting) to adopt resolutions on certain matters. The Issuer at its own discretion decides which 
matters will be reserved for passing at the Noteholders Meeting. 
These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did 
not attend and vote at the Noteholders Meeting or in respect of the relevant resolution and 
Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. As a result, Noteholders may be 
bound by a change to these Terms and Conditions or by some other decision that affects 
Noteholders' investment in the Notes even though they have not agreed to such change. 
The Noteholders Meeting may adopt its resolutions in one of the two forms as chosen by the Issuer:  
1. 
at a meeting held by attendance of the Noteholders to discuss the items on the agenda and 
pass resolutions on the matters put to the vote using ballots provided; or 
2. 
by absentee voting (without attendance of the Noteholders to discuss the items on the 
agenda and pass resolutions on the matters put to the vote). 
The Noteholders Meeting will be chaired, and minutes taken by a representative of Nectaro. 
10.19.2. Resolutions of the Noteholders Meeting 
Matters put to the vote at a Noteholders Meeting and its agenda will be decided by the Issuer. 
The Noteholders may neither pass resolutions on the matters not included in its agenda nor amend 
the agenda. 
Resolutions passed by the Noteholders Meeting and voting results will be provided to the persons 
eligible to participate in the Noteholders Meeting in a report, which will be disclosed to the 
Noteholders as per the procedure prescribed with regard to sending notices of the Noteholders 
Meeting, within 5 Business Days after the closing date of the meeting or the final date for submitting 
the voting ballots in case of absentee voting. However, the failure to do so will not invalidate the 
resolution. 
The resolution will be binding on all the Noteholders, whether or not present at the Noteholders 
Meeting and each of them will be bound to give effect to it accordingly.

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
 
10.19.3. Information on holding a Noteholders Meeting 
The Issuer will notify the Noteholders about the Noteholders Meeting in accordance with the 
procedure below. 
A notice of the Noteholders Meeting (the Notice) will be given according to Clause 10.21 no later 
than 7 Business days in advance. 
The Notice will be given to the Noteholders registered on the date of the Notice in the electronic 
register of Noteholders maintained by Nectaro. 
The Issuer may decide not to publish the Notice on the Platform. In such a case within the time 
specified in this Clause 10.19.3 the Issuer will send the Notice to the Noteholders by email. 
The Issuer may at its own discretion make available information to the Noteholders entitled to 
participate in the Noteholders Meeting as part of preparations for the Noteholders Meeting. 
10.19.4. Quorum at a Noteholders Meeting 
A Noteholders Meeting will be deemed quorate if attended by Noteholders aggregately holding 
more than 50% of: 
1. 
the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of all Series of Notes towards the Loan 
Originator on the date of the Notice if the decision is related towards all Series of Notes 
outstanding; or 
2. 
the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the relevant Series of Notes on the date of 
the Notice if the decision is related towards the relevant Series of Notes outstanding. 
The number of votes for each Noteholder equals the Principal Amount Outstanding in the 
respective Series on the date of the Notice. 
When a Noteholders Meeting is held by attendance of the Noteholders to discuss the items on the 
agenda and pass resolutions on the matters put to the vote, the Noteholders registered to 
participate in the Noteholders Meeting and the Noteholders whose ballots have been received no 
later than 2 days before the Noteholders Meeting will be deemed to have participated in the 
Noteholders Meeting. 
When a Noteholders Meeting is held in the form of absentee voting, the Noteholders whose ballots 
have been received before the final date for submitting the ballots will be deemed to have 
participated in the Noteholders Meeting. 
Where there is no quorum for a Noteholders Meeting, a second Noteholders Meeting will be held 
with the same agenda. Such second Noteholders Meeting will be deemed quorate if attended by 
Noteholders aggregately holding more than 30% of: 
1. 
the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of all Series of Notes towards the Loan 
Originator on the date of the Notice if the decision is related towards all Series of Notes 
outstanding; or 
2. 
the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the relevant Series of Notes on the date of 
the Notice if the decision is related towards the relevant Series of Notes outstanding. 
Subject to the quorum being present, the decisions on the Noteholders Meeting agenda will be 
adopted per each item of the agenda by the majority from the total amount of votes provided. 
10.19.5. Voting ballots 
Ballots for voting at a Noteholders Meeting will be sent together with the Notice according to 
Clause 10.21. 
Ballots for voting will be in the English language. 
Voting could be convened as an e-voting through filling-out a voting ballot and submitting it 
electronically through the Platform.

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
 
Noteholders included in the list of those entitled to participate in the Noteholders Meeting other 
than the Noteholders Meeting held in the form of absentee voting, or their representatives, may 
register to participate or forward their completed ballots to the Issuer. Voting ballots will be counted 
towards the calculation of the quorum and voting results if received no later than 2 days before the 
Noteholders Meeting. 
The voting ballot will contain the information about the Noteholders Meeting including but not 
limited to: 
1. 
information about the Issuer, including address and contact person; 
2. 
details identifying the Series of Notes; 
3. 
form of the Noteholders Meeting (attendance or by absentee voting); 
4. 
date, place and time of the Noteholders Meeting if it is held in the form of attendance of the 
Noteholders; 
5. 
Principal Amount Outstanding; and 
6. 
voting options for each item on the agenda, expressed as “for”, “against”, or “abstained”, and 
the indication that the voting ballot must be signed by a person entitled to participate in the 
Noteholders Meeting or its representative unless convened by e-voting. 
When voting by ballots, only those voting ballots are counted where for each item only one voting 
option is selected. The voting ballots completed in breach of the requirement will be deemed 
invalid. However, if there are several items put to the vote on the voting ballot, breach of the 
requirement with respect to one or several items will not affect the validity of the remaining ballot. 
If a voting ballot is rendered invalid with respect to voting on one, several or all items included in 
such ballot, the votes so cast in such ballot will not be excluded from the calculation of the quorum. 
If a voting ballot is rendered invalid, the votes on the items contained in the voting ballot will not be 
counted. 
10.19.6. Counting 
The counting functions will be performed by Nectaro, which will check the powers of, and register 
the participants in a Noteholders Meeting, determine the quorum at a Noteholders Meeting, count 
the votes and determine the voting results, draw up the voting minutes and hand over the voting 
ballots to the archive. 
10.20. SUBSTITUTION 
The Issuer or any previous substitute company may be substituted by any other company as 
principal obligor under all of the Notes then outstanding provided that such substitution would not 
be materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders and subject to the other Terms and 
Conditions being complied with, including with provisions of the Transaction Documents, and 
further provided that Latvijas Banka has given its prior consent to such substitution if any needed 
according to the applicable law. 
By subscribing to, or otherwise acquiring, the Notes, the Noteholders expressly consent to the 
substitution of the Issuer and to the release of the Issuer from all obligations in respect of the Notes 
and any relevant agreements and are expressly deemed to have accepted such substitution and 
the consequences of such substitution. 
 Any such substitution will be notified to Noteholders in accordance with Clause 10.21.

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
 
10.21. NOTICES AND PROVISION OF INFORMATION 
Notices to the Noteholders will be given upon sole discretion of the Issuer in the English language 
and/or any other language the Issuer deems fit for such purposes and will be given by using one 
or several communication channels: 
1. 
emailed to respective email addresses in the register of Noteholders and deemed to have 
been given within 24 hours after the dispatch; and 
2. 
delivered to Nectaro for further communication to the Noteholder according to the services 
provision agreement between Nectaro and the Noteholder (including times when deemed to 
have been duly given). 
Any notices, demands, claims or other communication to the Issuer by any Noteholder will be in 
the English language and will be given by using one of the following communication channels: 
1. 
delivered by hand or courier and deemed to have been given on the same day of delivery; 
and 
2. 
delivered by registered mail and deemed to have been given on the 7th calendar day 
following the date indicated on the stamp by the postal service provider on the acceptance 
of a registered letter. 
For the purposes of Clause 10.21 notices or other communications addressed to the Issuer will be 
given to Nectaro, serving as an agent for this purpose: 
SIA Nectaro 
Rīga, Jeruzalemes iela 1, LV-1010, Latvia 
For the attention of SIA “Nectaro Charlie” 
10.22. AGENTS 
Nectaro acts solely as an agent of the Issuer and does not assume any obligation or duty to, or 
any relationship of agency or trust for or with, any Noteholder. 
The Issuer subject to the provisions of the Transaction Documents reserves the right at any time 
to vary or terminate the appointment of Nectaro or the Loan Originator and any other party to any 
of the Transaction Documents. 
10.23. FORCE MAJEURE 
Neither the Issuer nor Nectaro will be responsible for any failure to perform any of its respective 
obligations under these Terms and Conditions which is due to any reason that is independent on 
that person’s will and has resulted from a force majeure event. A force majeure event will apply 
only and solely if that person has taken all steps that depend on it to perform the obligation. Once 
the force majeure event has finished, that person must immediately resume the performance of 
the obligation. The following circumstances will be considered as force majeure events: 
1. 
extraordinary and unavoidable circumstances including natural disasters, fire, flood, 
earthquake, warfare, terror acts, riots and strikes; 
2. 
technical failures, delays or malfunctions; failure of computers, communications systems, 
hardware and/or software; power supply malfunctions; or other critical infrastructure 
malfunctions, which neither the Issuer nor Nectaro could have prevented or predicted; 
3. 
decisions and/or activities of local and/or foreign public authorities, and/or international 
organisations; 
4. 
entry into force, amendments and/or suspension of a statutory act binding on either the 
Issuer or Nectaro affecting the performance of obligations under these Terms and 
Conditions; and

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
 
5. 
any circumstance defined as a force majeure circumstance in any of the Transaction 
Documents. 
10.24. GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION  
The Notes (and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes) are 
governed by and will be construed in accordance with the law of the Republic of Latvia. 
The courts of the Republic of Latvia are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise 
out of or in connection with the Notes (including any disputes relating to any noncontractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes) and accordingly any legal action or 
proceedings arising out of or in conjunction with the Notes may be brought in such courts. The 
Issuer and each of the Noteholders irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of such courts. 
10.25. AMENDMENTS AND MODIFICATIONS 
To comply with any applicable law, the Issuer may validly amend or supplement these Terms and 
Conditions by publishing the changed Terms and Conditions on the Platform without the consent 
of the Noteholders. 
10.26. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY, AND REPRESENTATION AND WARRANTIES OF THE 
NOTEHOLDER 
Notwithstanding anything in the Base Prospectus, other than with respect to gross negligence or 
wilful misconduct by the Issuer and/or Nectaro, neither the Issuer nor Nectaro will be held liable by 
any Noteholder for: 
1. 
any material error, misrepresentation, omission or fraud by the Loan Originator; 
2. 
failure of the Loan Originator for whatever reason to inform the Issuer and/or Nectaro of the 
Payment Event having occurred or for the information being inaccurate or wrong; 
3. 
the quality of Loan Receivables; or 
4. 
determinations and decisions when distributing amounts under the Notes, including, when 
applying the Priority of Payments, deciding whether to defer payment or make a partial 
payment, relying upon or deciding if and when there is no realistic prospect of collecting 
further funds under a Series Specific Loan, including in the event of default of the Loan 
Originator.  
In all cases liability of the Issuer and/or Nectaro to any Noteholder under these Terms and 
Conditions will be limited to the amount invested in the impacted Notes by the Noteholder. 
Each Noteholder, on subscribing or buying any Note directly, through a strategy of the Platform 
irrevocably accept and acknowledge that it is fully aware that: 
1. 
the Issuer and Nectaro do not make any representation or warranty in respect of, or will not 
at any time have any responsibility for, or, save as otherwise expressly provided in these 
Terms and Conditions, liability or obligation in respect of the performance and observance 
by the Loan Originator of its obligations under the relevant Series Specific Loan and the 
Cooperation Agreement, or the recoverability of any sum of the principal, Interest, other 
return or any additional amounts (if any) due or to become due from any Borrower and/or 
the Loan Originator; 
2. 
the Issuer and Nectaro will not at any time have any responsibility for, or obligation or liability 
in respect of, the condition, financial or otherwise, covenant, creditworthiness, affairs, status 
or nature of any Borrower, the Loan Originator or any other person;

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
 
3. 
the Issuer and Nectaro will not at any time be liable for any representation or warranty, or 
any act, default or omission of any Borrower, the Loan Originator or any other person; 
4. 
the Issuer will not at any time have any responsibility for, or liability or obligation in respect 
of, the performance and observance by Nectaro of its obligations under the Transaction 
Documents or any other agreement entered or to be entered into by and between the 
Noteholders and Nectaro; 
5. 
financial servicing and performance of the terms of the Notes depend upon both the 
performance by each Borrower of its obligations under the Series Specific Loan, its duties to 
make payments under the Series Specific Loan and its credit and financial standing, and the 
performance by the Loan Originator of their respective contractual obligations towards the 
Issuer and Nectaro as well as their respective credit and financial standing; 
6. 
the Notes, which the Noteholder has or will acquire, reflect the performance of the relevant 
Series Specific Loans. The Noteholder has no direct recourse to the any of the Series 
Specific Loans or the corresponding Loan Receivables. Once the Loan Receivables have 
been realised according to these Terms and Conditions, the Noteholder is not entitled to take 
any further steps against the Issuer or Nectaro to recover any further sums due and the right 
to receive any such sum will be extinguished. The Noteholder accepts not to attach or 
otherwise seize any of the assets of the Issuer. In particular, the Noteholder will not be 
entitled to petition or take any step for the winding-up, the liquidation or the bankruptcy of 
the Issuer or any similar insolvency-related proceedings and such petition or action will be 
treated as null and void as from its initiation time; and 
7. 
the Investment Accounts will be opened and be held by the Noteholder fully operational with 
Nectaro while the Noteholder holds any Notes.

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
 
11. 
TAXATION 
The information provided in this Section will not be treated as legal or tax advice; and prospective 
investors are advised to consult their own tax advisors as to the tax consequences of the 
subscription, ownership and disposal of the Notes applicable to their particular circumstances. The 
following is a general summary of certain tax considerations in the Republic of Latvia in relation to 
the Notes. It is not exhaustive and does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax 
consequences relating to the Notes, as well as does not take into account or discuss the tax 
implications of any country other than the Republic of Latvia. 
Tax laws of the Noteholder’s country of residence for taxation purposes and of the Issuer’s 
country of residence may have an impact on the income received from the Notes. 
This summary is based on the laws of Latvia as in force on the date of this Base Prospectus and is 
subject to any change in the law that may take effect after such date, provided that such changes 
could apply also retroactively. 
Latvia has entered into a number of tax conventions on elimination of double taxation (hereinafter 
– DTT), which may provide a more favourable taxation regime. Therefore, if there is a valid DTT 
between Latvia and the country of tax residence of a prospective Noteholder, it should be also 
examined. The procedures for application of tax conventions are provided in the Republic of Latvia 
Cabinet of Ministers’ Regulations No. 178 “Procedures for Application of Tax Relief Determined in 
International Agreements for Prevention of Double Taxation and Tax Evasion”, adopted on 30 April 
2001. 
Taxation of the Issuer 
Issuer is a corporate income taxpayer in Latvia. According to the Latvian tax law, the annual profit 
earned by entities in Latvia is not taxed. Instead, corporate income tax is paid on dividends, fringe 
benefits, gifts, donations, representation costs, non–business related disbursements and transfer 
pricing adjustments. The tax rate applicable is 20%, however, the taxable base is divided by the 
coefficient 0.8, thus the effective corporate income tax rate is 25%.  
Taxation of the Noteholders individuals 
Resident individuals 
An individual will be considered as a resident of Latvia for taxation purposes, if at least one of the 
following requirements is met: 
1. 
the declared place of residence of this person is in Latvia;  
2. 
the person stays in Latvia for at least 183 days over the course of a period of 12 consecutive 
calendar months; 
3. 
the person is a Latvian citizen who is employed by the government of Latvia in a foreign 
country. 
In accordance with the Latvian tax laws the interest income received by the individual tax resident 
in Latvia is subject to tax at the rate of 20%. The personal income tax will be withheld by the Issuer 
before the Interest payment is made by the Issuer to the Noteholder. The tax withheld by the Issuer 
is a final tax liability on the interest income received. 
The income from the sale of the Notes is treated as an income similar to the interest income for the 
Latvian personal income tax purposes and will be subject to 20% personal income tax and the tax 
is payable by the individual him/herself. 
Non-resident individuals 
An individual will be considered as a non-resident of Latvia for taxation purposes in all cases unless 
he/she is a tax resident of Latvia. Interest income from the Notes received by the non-resident 
individual will subject to personal income tax in Latvia according to the rate set forth by law, which

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
 
is currently 20%. However, if the non-resident is a tax resident in a European Union or European 
Economic Area country and has submitted to the Platform (and Platform has accepted) valid self-
certification confirming the tax residence in the respective European Union or European Economic 
Area country, the tax rate applicable in Latvia will be 5%.  
The personal income tax will be withheld by the Issuer before the Interest payment is made by the 
Issuer to the Noteholder.  
According to the general practice, the tax withheld in Latvia might be deducted from the tax payable 
by the Investor in his/her residence country (as tax paid abroad). However, we recommend 
consulting with the respective country's tax administration or tax adviser to clarify the procedure 
and documents required to perform such a deduction (if any). 
The tax rate might be reduced based on DTT between Latvia and the respective country. The list 
of DTT concluded by Latvia is available here: [https://www.vid.gov.lv/en/international-agreements]  
The income from the sale of the Notes will be subject to 20% tax and the tax would be payable by 
the individual him/herself if the buyer of the Notes is an individual or legal entity non-resident of 
Latvia. If the buyer is a legal entity - resident of Latvia, the tax at the rate of 3% will be withheld by 
the buyer from the renumeration paid. 
Taxation of the Noteholders legal entities  
Resident legal entities 
A legal entity would be considered as a resident of Latvia for tax purposes if it is established 
pursuant to Latvian law. Interest payments on the Notes and proceeds from the disposal of the 
Notes received by Latvian resident legal entities will not be subject to withholding tax in Latvia. 
Under the Latvian tax law retained earnings are exempt from corporate income tax and only profit 
distributions are taxed. Distributed gross profits are subject to the 20% profit tax. Corporate income 
tax on net amount of profit distribution is determined by dividing net amount with a coefficient of 0.8 
(i.e., effective tax rate on net distributed profit is 25%). 
Non-resident legal entities 
A legal entity would be considered as a non-resident of Latvia for tax purposes in all cases unless 
it is a tax resident of Latvia. The interest income and capital gains from the sale of the Notes for 
non-resident legal entities will not be taxable in Latvia (i.e., gross income will be paid), except if the 
income recipient is located, registered or incorporated in a no-tax or low-tax country (so called “tax 
havens”; if this is the case - 20% tax will be withheld by the Issuer in Latvia). The list of “tax havens” 
according to the Latvian law includes US Guam, US Samoa, US Virgin Islands, Republic of Fiji, 
Republic of Palau, Republic of Panama, Independent State of Samoa, Republic of Trinidad and 
Tobago, Republic of Vanuatu, the Commonwealth of the Bahamas, Anguilla, Turks and Caicos 
Islands. The list of mentioned countries and territories may be amended from time to time.

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
 
12. 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
The form of Final Terms that will be issued in respect of each Series, subject only to the deletion 
of nonapplicable provisions, is set out below. The completed Final Terms for each Series, which 
are described in this Base Prospectus as the "Final Terms" will be published on the website: 
https://nectaro.eu.  
Final Terms dated [●] [●] [●] 
SIA “Nectaro Charlie” (the “Issuer”) 
(Incorporated as a limited liability company and registered in the Republic of Latvia with 
registration number 40203568286, LEI: 984500EBEDAZG8581465) 
Series [...] EUR [...] Notes 
relating to the Loans with the reference numbers: 
[...]  
issued by SIA Abele Finance (Latvia) (the Loan Originator) 
Terms used herein will be deemed to be as defined in the Base Prospectus dated 28 June 2024 
for the purposes of Prospectus Regulation, in respect of Notes issued by the Issuer. This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8.4 of the 
Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus. Full information 
on the Issuer and the offer of Notes is only available based on a combination of these Final Terms 
and the Base Prospectus (as so supplemented). The Base Prospectus (and the supplements, if 
any) is available for viewing on the website https://nectaro.eu. The summary of the individual issue 
of the Notes is annexed to these Final Terms as Appendix 1. 
The Base Prospectus under which the Notes specified in these Final Terms are issued will cease 
to be valid upon the earlier of the date on which a new Base Prospectus for the Notes relating to 
the Loan Originator immediately succeeds this Base Prospectus (the New Base Prospectus) and 
the date on which the New Base Prospectus becomes effective (the Base Prospectus Expiration 
Date). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Notes referred to in these Final Terms* shall continue to 
be governed by the terms and conditions of the Base Prospectus. From the Base Prospectus 
Expiration Date, these Final Terms must be read in conjunction with the New Base Prospectus. 
The New Base Prospectus will be available (no later than the Base Prospectus Expiry Date) on the 
website www.nectaro.eu. 
*Notes, which Maturity Date specified in the Final Terms exceeds Base Prospectus Expiration 
Date. 
Part 1 - Contractual terms 
1.1. Information concerning the Notes to be offered to the public: 
Number 
Disclosure requirement 
Details 
1.1.1. 
Series: 
[...] 
1.1.2. 
ISIN Code: 
LV[...] 
1.1.3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[...]

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
 
1.1.4. 
Specified Denominations: 
The Series Aggregate Nominal Amount is divided 
into [...] Notes. 
Nominal amount of the Note is EUR 0.01. 
1.1.5. 
Issue Price: 
100% of the Notes nominal amount 
1.1.6. 
Offer Price of one Note: 
EUR 0.01 or Principal Amount Outstanding of one 
Note 
1.1.7. 
Issue Date: 
[...] 
1.1.8. 
Maturity Date: 
[...] 
1.1.9. 
Interest Rate: 
[...]% per annum 
1.1.10. 
Interest Accrual Periods: 
From the Notes purchase date up to the Loan 
Repayment Date 
1.1.11. 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
Up to 10 Business Days after the corresponding 
Loan Interest Payment Date (1.2.20.) and subject 
to the actual receipt by the Issuer of the relevant 
payment in relation to the Loan from the Loan 
Originator 
1.1.12. 
Redemption Date(s): 
Up to 10 Business Days after the corresponding 
Loan Repayment Date (1.2.20.) and subject to the 
actual receipt by the Issuer of the relevant 
payment in relation to the Loan from the Loan 
Originator 
1.1.13. 
Indication of Yield: 
[...]% per annum 
1.1.14. 
Buyback Obligation:  
[...] 
1.1.15. 
Pending Payments Penalty Fee: [...]%

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
 
1.2. Information relating to the Series Specific Loans 
Information relevant to the pool of Series Specific Loans 
Number 
Disclosure requirement 
Details 
1.2.1. 
Loan type: 
[...] 
1.2.2. 
Loan disbursement currency: 
EUR 
1.2.3. 
Total outstanding principal 
amount of Series Specific Loans 
transferred to the Issuer (EUR): 
[...] 
1.2.4. 
Series Specific Loans Interest 
rate (%): 
[...] 
1.2.5. 
Late Payment Interest (%): 
[...] 
1.2.6. 
Grace Period:  
[...] days 
1.2.7. 
Bullet method: 
[...] 
1.2.8. 
Extension possibility:  
[...] 
1.2.9. 
Limit on the number of 
extensions: 
[...] 
1.2.10.  
Total  maximum  time  limit  of 
extensions: 
[...] calendar days as of the Loan Final 
Repayment Date 
1.2.11. 
Skin in the game retained by the 
Loan Originator (%): 
The Loan Originator retains the skin in the game 
in the amount of 5% from the Loan outstanding 
principal amount.

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
 
Information on the Series Specific Loans 
1.2.11. Loan ID 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
1.2.12. Outstanding 
principal amount: 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
1.2.13. Final 
Repayment Date*: 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
1.2.14. Current Loan-
to-Value (LTV) (%): 
[…] 
[…] 
[…] 
[…] 
[…] 
[…] 
[…] 
[…] 
[…] 
[…] 
1.2.15. Borrower’s 
details: 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
*Unless the early Loan repayment and/or the Loan term extension takes place. For more information, please see Section 10 (TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
OF THE NOTES) in the Base Prospectus. 
1.2.16. Loan Interest Payment Dates and Loan Repayment Dates and amounts 
Loan ID: 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
Loan 
Repayment 
Date and 
Loan Interest  
Payment 
Date 
Principal / 
Interest 
Principal / 
Interest 
Principal / 
Interest 
Principal / 
Interest 
Principal / 
Interest 
Principal / 
Interest 
Principal / 
Interest 
Principal / 
Interest 
Principal 
/Interest 
Principal /Interest 
[...] 
[...] / [...] 
[...] / [...] 
[...] / [...] 
[...] / [...] 
[...] / [...] 
[...] / [...] 
[...] / [...] 
[...] / [...] 
[...] / [...] 
[...] / [...]

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
 
Part 2 - Responsibility and authorisation 
The Management Board of the Issuer: 
Title / Name, surname 
Member of the Management Board Sigita Kotlere 
Member of the Management Board Anna Berezovska 
accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms which, when read together 
with the Base Prospectus referred to above, contains all information that is material to the issue of 
the Notes. 
The information provided in the elements 1.2. above has been sourced from SIA Abele Finance 
(the Loan Originator). Hereby the Issuer confirms that this information has been accurately 
reproduced according to the process of information exchange via API, provided in the Transaction 
Documents and that as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information provided 
by the Loan Originator, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading. For the aforesaid limitation of the Issuer's and Nectaro’s liability provided 
in the Sub-Section 10.26 in the Base Prospectus applies. 
This Notes Series issue is authorised by […] of the Issuer, Minutes No. […] as of […] […] 202[…].