--- Page 2 ---
1 
 
Dated 08.08.2022. 
 
SIA Mintos Finance No.30 
(incorporated as a limited liability company and registered in the Republic of Latvia with registration 
number 40203395795 and LEI: 98450057BYCECE0BRE39) 
 
PLN 1 395 000 000.00 (one billion three hundred ninety-five million Polish zloty) Note 
Programme  
Under this Programme, the Issuer may from time-to-time issue Notes denominated in any currency as 
determined by the Issuer. The Notes will be distributed by way of a public offer. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of the Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of the Notes, 
the issue price of the Notes and any other applicable terms and conditions not contained in this Base 
Prospectus which are applicable to the Notes will be set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
Notes will be issued in registered form. The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time 
to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed PLN 1 395 000 000.00 (one billion three 
hundred ninety-five million Polish zloty) (or its equivalent in other currencies). 
Any payment under the Notes is dependent on, and limited to, a pool of certain Loans. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the FCMC, as competent authority 
under the Prospectus Regulation. The FCMC has only approved this Base Prospectus as meeting the 
standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. 
Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the Notes 
that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the 
appropriateness and suitability of investing in the Notes.  
This offer is made only in Latvia under this Base Prospectus.  
During the validity period of this Base Prospectus the Issuer plans to request that the FCMC provides 
competent authorities under the Prospectus Regulation in Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Croatia, Republic 
of Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Iceland, 
Ireland, Italy, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, 
Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain and Sweden with a certificate of approval attesting that this Base 
Prospectus has been drawn up following the Prospectus Regulation. When such certificate shall be 
obtained, the Issuer shall ensure that Mintos provides information about it on the Platform. Such 
certificate, if and when received, should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the 
quality of the Notes. 
This Base Prospectus will be valid for a period of up to 12 months after its approval by the FCMC. The 
Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to 
information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, 
prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection 
with any subsequent issue of Notes. The obligation to prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus 
or publish a new Base Prospectus in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or 
inaccuracy will cease to apply upon the expiry of the validity period of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 3 ---
2 
 
The principal risk factors that may affect the abilities of the Issuer to fulfil its obligations under 
the Notes are discussed in the section entitled ‘2. RISK FACTORS’ of this Base Prospectus. 
Capitalised terms used in this Base Prospectus have the meaning given to them in the section entitled 
‘GLOSSARY’ of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 4 ---
3 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 
GLOSSARY 
4 
1. 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
7 
2. 
RISK FACTORS 
9 
3. 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
24 
4. 
TRANSACTION OVERVIEW 
27 
5. 
THE ISSUER 
38 
6. 
MINTOS 
40 
7. 
THE LENDING COMPANY 
42 
8. 
THE SERVICER 
46 
9. 
THE LOANS 
51 
10 
THE GUARANTOR 
54 
11. 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
58 
12. 
TAXATION 
78 
13. 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
80

--- Page 5 ---
4 
 
GLOSSARY 
API 
application programming interface to exchange and transmit information and 
data in a structured form between the Issuer, the Lending Company and Mintos. 
Backup Servicer 
the legal entity (if any) engaged by the Issuer to service and administer the 
Loans. 
Base Prospectus 
this base prospectus. 
Borrower  
the debtor or debtors of a Loan. 
Buyback 
Obligation 
has the meaning set out in the section entitled ‘4. TRANSACTION OVERVIEW 
– THE DESCRIPTION OF THE TRANSACTIONS IN RELATION TO THE 
NOTES – The Buyback Obligation’ of this Base Prospectus. 
Cooperation 
agreement 
the cooperation agreement between the Issuer, the Servicer, the Lending 
Company and Mintos in relation to the Notes. 
FCMC 
the Financial and Capital Market Commission, as competent authority in the 
Republic of Latvia under the Prospectus Regulation. 
Final Terms 
any duly completed final terms in the form set out in section 12 of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Guarantee 
Agreement 
the guarantee agreement by the Guarantor to guarantee the obligations of the 
Lending Company to the Issuer. 
Guarantor  
Fincapital Sp. z o.o., a limited liability company with registered office in Warsaw, 
ul. Postępu 18B, 02-676 Warsaw, entered into the register of entrepreneurs of 
the National Court Register kept by the District Court for the Capital City of 
Warsaw in Warsaw, 12th Commercial Division of the National Court Register 
on 16.12.2016., under the KRS number: 0000653383, NIP number: 
7010642695, REGON number: 366100525. 
Investment 
Accounts  
the separate accounts at Mintos of the Investor. 
Investor 
a person registered and accepted on the Platform as an investor. 
Issuer 
SIA Mintos Finance No.30, incorporated as a limited liability company and 
registered in the Republic of Latvia with registration number 40203395795 on 
26 April 2022, with registered office at Skanstes street 52, Riga, LV-1013, 
Latvia, a special purpose entity whose principal purpose is the issue of Notes. 
Issuer’s Account 
the cash funds account of the Issuer opened with Mintos which is used solely 
for settling payments with the Lending Company, the Backup Servicer (if any),

--- Page 6 ---
5 
 
the Guarantor and the Investors. 
Lending 
Company 
DUCATOS SPÓŁKA Z OGRANICZONĄ ODPOWIEDZIALNOŚCIĄ, a limited 
liability company existing under the laws of the Republic of Poland, Regon 
number: 366164896, NIP number 7010645707, with registered office at 
Warszawa at ul. Postępu 18B 02-676 Warsaw. 
Loan  
the principal amount outstanding under the Loan Agreement. 
Loan Agreement 
each consumer loan agreement between the Lending Company, and the 
Borrower as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Loan 
Receivables 
the receivables under the Loan Agreement relating to a part of the loan, that is 
no greater than 90% of the Loan that are assigned and to the extent that are 
assigned to the Issuer under the Purchase Agreement. 
Mintos 
AS Mintos Marketplace, a joint stock company registered in the Commercial 
Register of the Register of Enterprises of the Republic of Latvia under unified 
registration number 40103903643 on 1 June 2015, having registered address 
50 Skanstes Street, Riga, LV-1013, Latvia, an investment firm authorised by the 
FCMC, which provides investment and related services to Investors through the 
Platform. 
Mintos Group 
AS Mintos Holdings, a joint stock company registered in the Commercial 
Register of the Register of Enterprises of the Republic of Latvia under unified 
registration number 40103902690 on 27 May 2015, and any of its subsidiaries. 
Notes 
the notes issued or to be issued under this Programme. 
Noteholder 
the holder for the time being of any Note. 
Platform 
sites created and serviced by Mintos, merged under the domain name 
www.mintos.com and software application to access it from a smartphone. 
Purchase 
Agreement 
part of the Cooperation Agreement relating to the purchase by the Issuer and 
sale by the Lending Company of the Loans.  
Prospectus 
Regulation 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to 
the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing Directive 
2003/71/EC and includes any commission delegated regulation under the 
Prospectus Regulation. 
Programme 
this PLN 1 395 000 000.00 (one billion three hundred ninety-five million Polish 
zloty) (or its equivalent in other currencies) Note Programme. 
Repurchase 
has the meanings set out in the section entitled ‘4. TRANSACTION OVERVIEW 
– THE DESCRIPTION OF THE TRANSACTIONS IN RELATION TO THE

--- Page 7 ---
6 
 
NOTES – Exercising of Repurchase’ of this Base Prospectus. 
Securities Act 
the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
Series 
a series of Notes. 
Servicer 
the Guarantor. 
Subordination 
Agreement 
an inter-creditor agreement between Mintos and the Issuer, liabilities of the 
Lending Company towards which under the Cooperation Agreement are the 
senior liabilities, and certain entities as the creditors which certain liabilities of 
the Lending Company towards them are junior liabilities, and whereunder the 
junior liabilities are subordinated to the senior liabilities on the terms and 
conditions agreed by the parties to the Subordination Agreement. 
Sun 
Finance 
Poland Group 
the Lending Company, and PRIMASTAR SPÓŁKA Z OGRANICZONĄ 
ODPOWIEDZIALNOŚCIĄ, a limited liability company existing under the laws of 
the Republic of Poland, Regon number: 366157583, NIP number 7010645328, 
jointly. 
Sun 
Finance 
Treasury Limited 
a company registered in the Republic of Malta with registration number C 
79771, legal address: 20, Cannon Road, Santa Venera SVR9039 Malta.  
Transaction 
Documents 
the Cooperation Agreement, the Guarantee Agreement, the Subordination 
Agreement and the Transfer Document. 
Transfer 
Document 
the document generated by Mintos evidencing the transfer of Loan Receivables 
from the Lending Company to the Issuer in accordance with the Purchase 
Agreement.

--- Page 8 ---
7 
 
1. 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION 
o 
What is Mintos? 
Mintos established an online platform for investing in loans in 2015. Through the Platform, owned and 
operated by Mintos, Mintos provides investors with convenient means to invest in loans issued by 
various lending companies around the world. In May 2022 on the Platform investments in loans were 
started being offered via financial instruments called notes. 
At the end of June 2022, Mintos has over 480,000 registered users, and Mintos is working with more 
than 64 lending companies from 31 countries, offering investment opportunities in 6 currencies.  
Since Mintos was founded, investors through the Platform have invested more than EUR 8 billion. 
Mintos is authorized as an investment firm by the FCMC. See the section entitled ‘6. Mintos’ of this 
Base Prospectus for more information. 
o 
What are Notes?  
Notes are financial instruments issued by the Issuer via Mintos to Investors, which allows Investors to 
invest in Loans issued by the Lending Company to Borrowers.  
The Issuer is a special purpose legal entity established for the purposes of: 
● 
purchasing Loan Receivables from the Lending Company; 
● 
pooling those Loan Receivables for a particular Series of Notes; and 
● 
issuing those Notes to Investors via Mintos. 
See the sections entitled ‘5. THE ISSUER’ and ‘7. THE LENDING COMPANY’ of this Base Prospectus 
for more information. 
o 
The flow of funds for repayment 
Each time a Borrower makes repayments to the Servicer that then transfers those funds to the Lending 
Company, then the Lending Company transfers the funds to the Issuer, which in turn makes repayments 
under the relevant Series of Notes to the relevant Investor via Mintos. The repayments are received 
into the relevant Investment Account.  
This means that if the Borrower makes:  
● 
the repayments to the Servicer later than scheduled, the repayments to the Investor will also 
be correspondingly delayed; and 
● 
no repayments at all and the Servicer and/or the Lending Company is not able to recover 
anything from the Borrower, no repayments will be received by the Investor.

--- Page 9 ---
8 
 
The Lending Company may provide a Buyback Obligation for Loan Receivables, which means that if 
any repayment by the Borrower is delayed by more than 60 days, the Lending Company is obliged to 
repay the Loan Receivables together with any interest. In this situation, the Investor will be exposed to 
the credit risk of the Lending Company. See section entitled ‘2. RISK FACTORS – RISKS SPECIFIC 
TO LOAN SERVICING – Insolvency of the Lending Company’.  
o 
The flow of funds for investment 
The Lending Company issues Loans via Servicer to Borrowers, and then sells the relevant Loan 
Receivables to the Issuer. The Issuer issues a Series of Notes corresponding to these Loan 
Receivables to Investors via Mintos. When an Investor purchases any Note of the Series, the 
Investment Accounts are credited with the Note and debited with the purchase price of the Note. The 
purchase price is transferred to the Lending Company. 
 
Note: Lending Company issues the Loan directly to Borrower; Servicer provides only the fund transfer 
to the Borrower.

--- Page 10 ---
9 
 
2. 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. 
All of these risk factors and events are contingencies which may or may not occur and the Issuer is not 
in a position to express a view on the likelihood of any such contingency occurring. In addition, factors 
which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with the Notes are also 
described below.  
Although the most material risk factors have been presented first within each category, the order in 
which the remaining risks are presented is not necessarily an indication of the likelihood of the risks 
actually materialising, the potential significance of the risks or the scope of any potential negative impact 
to the Issuer's or the Lending Company's business, financial condition, results of operations and 
prospects. The Issuer and/or the Lending Company may face a number of these risks described below 
simultaneously. While the risk factors below have been divided into categories, some risk factors could 
belong in more than one category and prospective investors should carefully consider all of the risk 
factors set out in this section.  
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the material risks inherent to investing 
in the Notes, but the inability of the Issuer or the Lending Company to pay interest, principal or other 
amounts on or in connection with any Notes may occur for other reasons and the statements below 
regarding the risks of investing in any Notes are not exhaustive. Other risks, events, facts or 
circumstances not included in this Base Prospectus, not presently known to the Issuer, or that the Issuer 
at the date of this Base Prospectus deems to be immaterial could, individually or cumulatively, prove to 
be important and may have a significant negative impact on the Issuer's or the Lending Company’s 
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Prospective investors should carefully 
review the entire Base Prospectus and should form their own views before making an investment 
decision with respect to the Notes.  
Before making an investment decision with respect to any Notes, prospective investors should consult 
their own lawyer, accountant or other financial, legal and tax advisers and carefully review the risks 
entailed by an investment in the Notes and consider such an investment decision in the light of the 
prospective investor's personal circumstances.  
o 
RISKS SPECIFIC TO THE UNDERLYING LOANS 
1. 
The Borrowers may not make payments according to the agreed schedule or may default 
on their obligations altogether 
The Notes are linked to the pool of underlying Loan Receivables, which means that if any of 
the Borrowers do not make a payment on time, then the Noteholder will also not receive a 
payment on time. For example, if a Borrower makes a repayment a week later than the agreed 
schedule, the Noteholder will also receive the repayment a week later. Furthermore, if a 
Borrower makes no repayment at all and the Servicer and/or the Lending Company is not able 
to recover anything from the Borrower, the Noteholder will also not receive any further 
repayments unless, if applicable, the Loan is sold with the Buyback Obligation. 
The Lending Company may decide to offer additional compensation to the Noteholder in the 
form of interest income on delayed payments or penalty income. A Loan Agreement with the 
Borrower may contain a grace period, which is a period immediately after a scheduled payment 
date during which a late fee is waived provided that the obligation is satisfied during the grace 
period. Interest income on delayed payments and penalty income would not be paid to the 
Noteholder for the grace period.

--- Page 11 ---
10 
 
The Lending Company also has the option to offer the Loan Receivable with the feature of 
Buyback Obligation which means that the Lending Company is obligated to repurchase the 
Loan Receivables if the Borrower has failed to pay more than 60 days after the scheduled 
repayment date. While this feature could reduce the potential loss for the Noteholder due to the 
Borrower failing to make repayments, the Buyback Obligation is only as strong as the company 
providing this obligation. If the Lending Company fails to honour its obligation, the Noteholder 
is still exposed to the risk of the underlying Borrower not making repayments. 
While the probability of any Borrower missing repayments or defaulting depends on many 
factors, such as payment amount, the income of the Borrower, and repayment term, it is 
important to point out that these probabilities are never zero. Due to this, the Notes are only 
suitable investments for Investors who have the appropriate knowledge and experience and 
are in a financial situation that allows them to lose part or even all of the money invested in 
Notes. 
Overall, a Borrower not making repayments in full, or defaulting could be caused by a variety 
of factors, including, but not limited to: 
● 
The Borrower overestimates its ability to repay - each Borrower should evaluate its 
current and future financial position itself and assess its ability to repay. For various 
reasons, the Borrower could overestimate its future cash flows and borrow more than 
it will be able to repay. 
● 
Limitations of initial risk scoring - the Lending Company has developed its own 
method for scoring customer credit risk that relies on various information, which can be 
collected also from other parties than the Lending Company (e.g., credit rating 
agencies). There is a risk that the information could be wrong or outdated, or that the 
scoring method is not sufficient. 
● 
Unexpected events - reasons why the Borrower could miss a repayment, include loss 
of employment, a delay in receiving expected income, unexpected costs, or even 
disability or death. 
● 
Macroeconomic factors - the credit risk scoring of the Lending Company makes 
assumptions about the client’s ability to repay during normal economic conditions. A 
sudden change in macroeconomic factors could significantly impact the Borrower's 
ability to make repayments. 
● 
Other liabilities - the underlying Loans that are linked to the Note usually do not restrict 
the Borrower from incurring additional unsecured or secured debt. Additional debt may 
adversely affect the Borrower’s creditworthiness and could result in financial distress, 
insolvency or bankruptcy of the Borrower. 
● 
Loan issued in a different currency than the Borrower's income - in some cases, 
the Loan that has been issued to the Borrower is in a different currency than the 
currency in which the Borrower earns income. Significant changes in the exchange 
rates or a local currency devaluation could impact the Borrower's ability to make 
repayments. 
2. 
It may not be possible to recover the full principal and interest owed by the Borrowers, 
thus the Noteholder may not receive back its invested amount 
While any recoveries from a Borrower are limited to the value of Borrower’s assets (if any),

--- Page 12 ---
11 
 
some jurisdictions may, set a lower limit that creditors may claim from the Borrower or define a 
list of the estate which is not allowed to be alienated for recovery purposes, thus reducing the 
maximum amount that could be covered from the Borrower. 
The underlying Loans that are linked to the Note do not restrict the Borrowers from incurring 
additional unsecured or secured debt. This means that if the Loan is not secured by an asset 
and any funds from the Borrower are available for recovery, these funds could be allocated to 
various creditors, i.e., not only the Lending Company, but also other persons that the Borrower 
owns money to, such as local tax agency, state authorities, other lending companies and utility 
companies. 
If the Loan is secured by an asset, the proceeds from the sale of the asset would be allocated 
proportionally to the Noteholders of the same Series and all other creditors whose receivables 
are secured by that asset (unless another allocation order applies under applicable law). In 
addition, the pledged asset (e.g., car, property) might lose its value and could be sold for an 
amount that is less than the amount due to the Noteholder, or the asset could be stolen, hidden, 
alienated, missing or damaged. There is also a risk that any pledge securing the Borrower's 
obligations under the Loan Agreement may become invalid or unenforceable due to a number 
of reasons, including, but not limited to, cases when legal relations arising from the loan 
documents are recategorised by the court of law, mistakes and omissions are made and/or due 
procedures are not followed when the pledge is formed. In that case, the obligations of the 
Borrower would become unsecured, and the credit risk significantly increases.  
There could also be the case, especially where the amount of the Loan is low, that the expected 
collection and recovery costs might be higher than the debt itself, which means the collection 
and recovery is not economically reasonable, thus it would not be pursued. 
In addition, the Loan Agreement may, for a variety of reasons, be challenged and thus the 
ability of the Lending Company to exercise its rights under the Loan Agreement may be delayed 
or otherwise hindered for an undefined term. The reasons for challenging the Loan Agreement 
could include errors in agreements, electronic form of agreement (while the legal form 
requirement might be met in principle by such electronic signature, its value as evidence in 
court proceedings in some jurisdictions could be less compared to an actual signature made 
by hand on a physical document), compliance with regulations, such as consumer protection 
laws, as well as borrower identify fraud cases. 
Due to the reasons described above the Noteholder may experience delayed repayments or 
partial or full loss of the amount invested in Notes. 
3. 
The Borrower may repay the Loan early  
A Borrower may repay all or a portion of the remaining principal amount at any time without 
penalty. This may happen, for example, in cases where the Borrower can acquire lower cost 
financing from other sources and wishes to refinance the Loan. The Loan Agreement might be 
also terminated or cancelled in advance by the Lending Company, triggering the early 
repayment of the amounts due by the Borrower without penalty. While the Noteholder may 
invest the repaid money elsewhere, the return on the investments could be lower than the 
initially planned return. 
4. 
The Borrower may face difficulties to repay the Loan in advance 
A Borrower may breach the Loan Agreement, for example, the Borrower takes out additional 
loans without permission from the Lending Company or alienates the collateral, and the Lending

--- Page 13 ---
12 
 
Company can therefore require early Loan repayment in full. A Borrower may lack necessary 
financial resources to make such advance payment, so this could lead to Borrower's debt 
restructuring or debt collection and result in the Noteholder experiencing delayed repayments 
or partial or full loss of invested amount under Notes. 
o 
RISKS SPECIFIC TO LOAN SERVICING 
1. The Servicer is not able to continue Loan servicing 
Various factors can negatively impact the Servicer's ability to provide Loan servicing, which in 
turn could lead to delayed repayments to the Noteholder or even partial or full loss of the 
invested amount. Some of the factors are: 
● 
Macro-environmental factors - Various macro-environmental factors, such as 
recession, military conflict, natural disasters, or pandemic, could significantly increase 
the non-performing Loans ratio. 
● 
Loss of the Servicer’s licence/ authorization, if such is required by the local 
regulation - In most countries provision of lending services requires a company to 
receive special approval/authorization. Licences can be revoked or otherwise lost for a 
number of reasons. Loss of a licence can negatively affect the Servicer's ability to 
continue its operations. 
 
● 
Freezing, seizing, or closing of the Servicer's operational bank account - The 
account that the Servicer uses for operations might be seized, blocked, or closed for a 
number of reasons, including anti-money laundering and know your customer 
(AML/KYC) breaches, sanctions violations, state authorities' arbitrary actions, 
insolvency of a bank/payments services provider. Inability to use the bank account 
could restrict the Servicer's ability to collect Borrowers’ repayments and transfer funds 
to the Lending Company for an indefinite time, or even lead to insolvency/bankruptcy 
of the Servicer. 
 
● 
Changes in local regulation with regards to Loans already issued - A legislative 
body of the country where the Servicer operates could introduce a Borrowers’ 
moratorium (a legally authorised period of delay in the performance of a legal obligation 
or the repayment of a debt) or even full or partial debt (including interest and penalties) 
release. 
2. No Backup Servicer may be available for servicing the underlying Loans if the Servicer 
is not able to continue Loan servicing 
One of the key roles of the Servicer with respect to the Notes is to provide Loan servicing. There 
might be no backup servicer that could be appointed to take over the servicing from the current 
Servicer if needed. If there is an event of default or other circumstance that disrupts the due 
servicing of the Loans and administration of the Borrowers’ debts by the Servicer and if at the 
time no backup solution for Loan servicing exists, the timeline and volumes of repayments could 
be significantly impacted, leading to a partial or full loss of amounts invested in Notes. 
3. The Servicer may intentionally or unintentionally breach its contractual obligations 
There is a risk that the Servicer performs actions that are in violation of the Transaction 
Documents, including the risk of fraud against the Lending Company, the Issuer and Mintos, 
resulting in the partial or full loss of amounts invested in Notes. Contractual breaches that may 
happen include, but are not limited to:

--- Page 14 ---
13 
 
● 
False or incomplete information about the Servicer - All information in this Base 
Prospectus about and/or related to the Servicer has been provided and certified by the 
Servicer as actual, true, and complete. Material errors or omission of such information 
could initially affect the decision of the Noteholder to invest in a particular Note and 
eventually result in a negative outcome of the investment. 
● 
The Servicer stops cooperation with Mintos and/or Lending Company - The 
Servicer could for some reason suddenly stop cooperating with Mintos and/or Lending 
Company. This could mean not honouring its obligations under the existing 
agreements, including the Transaction Documents and breach of their provisions. The 
Servicer could stop making payments to the Lending Company, which means the 
Issuer would not be able to make payments to the Noteholder. The Servicer might also 
stop providing Mintos with the necessary information or providing the information with 
significant delays.  
● 
The Servicer may not pass repayments from the Borrowers further to the 
Lending Company - The Servicer may breach its obligations with the Lending 
Company on the servicing agreement concluded between them and not pass all 
proceeds received from the borrowers. This may cause the Lending Company not 
being able to fully honour their obligations towards the Issuer. 
4. Insolvency of the Servicer  
Insolvency, bankruptcy or other similar adverse events may significantly influence or even 
dismiss the ability of the Servicer to service issued Loans. This means that if the Servicer 
experiences significant problems, it may not be able to transfer the underlying Loan repayments 
from the Borrower to the Lending Company and further on to the Issuer which would mean that 
the Issuer would not be able to make payments to the Noteholder. 
The Transaction Documents allow Mintos to appoint a backup servicer, who would take over 
the servicing of the Loan Receivables in case of insolvency or bankruptcy of the Lending 
Company or the Servicer. The enforcement of rights under contracts might not result in 
recoveries for the Noteholder in a swift manner, and the recovery might be affected by lengthy 
and costly legal proceedings. 
Eventually, the Noteholder may experience delayed repayments or partial or full loss of invested 
amount under Notes. 
5. The Servicer’s IT systems may fail or may be breached 
IT systems are a crucial part of all financial services companies and if they are impacted, that 
could affect the Servicers ability to provide financial services to its customers and exchange 
information with Mintos. This could also result in loss or distortion of significant information and 
databases that are crucial for sound cooperation between the Servicer, the Lending Company, 
the Issuer and Mintos, including for Notes issue servicing and administration. 
Since IT systems play such a crucial role in the Servicer’s operation, the Lending Company 
typically devotes a substantial amount of resources to ensure stable and uninterrupted 
performance of the IT systems. Neither the Issuer nor Mintos audits the Servicer’s IT systems 
thus cannot ensure their soundness.

--- Page 15 ---
14 
 
o 
RISKS SPECIFIC TO THE LENDING COMPANY 
1. 
The Lending Company is not able to continue paying to the Issuer 
Various factors can negatively impact the Lending Company's ability to continue paying the 
Issuer, which in turn could lead to delayed repayments to the Noteholder or even partial or full 
loss of the invested amount. Some of the factors are: 
● 
Loss-making operations - The Lending Company may experience losses due to 
various business events and factors, such as intense competition, higher than expected 
cost of client acquisition, high recovery costs, unexpected costs, reduction in the 
portfolio sizes, changes in local regulation with regards to new Loans and management 
errors. 
 
● 
Macro-environmental factors - Various macro-environmental factors, such as 
recession, military conflict, natural disasters, or pandemic, could significantly increase 
the non-performing Loans ratio. 
 
● 
Loss of the Lending Company’s licence/ authorization, if such is required by the 
local regulation - In most countries provision of lending services requires a company 
to receive special approval/authorization. Licences can be revoked or otherwise lost 
for a number of reasons. Loss of a licence can negatively affect the Lending Company's 
ability to continue its operations. 
 
● 
Freezing, seizing, or closing of the Lending Company's operational bank account 
- The account that the Lending Company uses for operations might be seized, blocked, 
or closed for a number of reasons, including anti-money laundering and know your 
customer (AML/KYC) breaches, sanctions violations, state authorities' arbitrary 
actions, insolvency of a bank/payments services provider. Inability to use the bank 
account could restrict the Lending Company's ability to collect Borrowers’ repayments 
from the Servicer and transfer funds to the Issuer for an indefinite time, or even lead to 
insolvency/bankruptcy of the Servicer. 
● 
Currency control restrictions or lack of corresponding banks chain - The local 
government could introduce certain currency control restrictions, leading to a situation 
where the Lending Company is not able to make payments in foreign currency and/or 
to the beneficiary that is a foreign entity and/or to an account in a foreign financial 
institution. Alternatively, corresponding bank relations of a bank/payments services 
provider which maintains the Lending Company's operational accounts could be 
dramatically amended or terminated, eliminating the Lending Company’s ability to 
make payments towards the Issuer.  This may negatively affect payments to the Issuer 
and the distributions to the Noteholders. 
● 
Other or sole funding sources - Besides Mintos, the Lending Company may use 
other sources of funding, such as a bank credit line, corporate bonds issues, private 
equity, or public shares offerings. In some situations, such as an economic downturn, 
it could be difficult for the Lending Company to attract funding from other sources to 
refinance the existing liabilities, thus leading to a liquidity crisis that could lead to the 
Lending Company having difficulties continuing operations. Furthermore, if the Lending 
Company uses the Platform as a major funding source and a significant number of 
investors decide to suddenly avoid investing in Notes corresponding to the Loans, the 
consequences can be the same.

--- Page 16 ---
15 
 
2. 
The Lending Company may intentionally or unintentionally breach its contractual 
obligations 
There is a risk that the Lending Company performs actions that are in violation of the 
Transaction Documents, including the risk of fraud against the Issuer and Mintos, resulting in 
the partial or full loss of amounts invested in Notes. Contractual breaches that may happen 
include, but are not limited to: 
● 
Loan Receivables sold to the Issuer are or will be pledged to other creditors - 
According to the Transaction Documents, to which the Lending Company is a party, 
the Loan Receivables underlying Notes must not be pledged to any creditors. If the 
Lending Company intentionally or unintentionally pledges the specific Loan 
Receivables sold to the Issuer to other creditors, the Noteholder could lose some or all 
the invested funds if the Lending Company defaults or becomes insolvent. 
● 
False or incomplete information about the Lending Company - All information in 
this Base Prospectus about and/or related to the Lending Company has been provided 
and certified by the Lending Company as actual, true, and complete. Material errors or 
omission of such information could initially affect the decision of the Noteholder to 
invest in a particular Note and eventually result in a negative outcome of the 
investment. 
● 
False Borrower data - The Lending Company provides Mintos with information about 
the Loan status, the Borrowers, repayment schedules, repayments, extensions of the 
underlying Loans or changes to the Loan Agreements. While Mintos regularly asks the 
Lending Company to provide scanned copies of the documents as evidence for 
randomly selected Loans, Mintos does not check and verify all Loans backing the 
Notes. There is a risk that the Lending Company intentionally or unintentionally has 
provided wrong information to Mintos or fails to provide information to Mintos at all, and 
as a result, the payments under the Notes could be impacted. 
● 
The Lending Company stops cooperation with Mintos - The Lending Company 
could for some reason suddenly stop cooperating with Mintos. This could mean not 
honouring its obligations under the existing agreements, including the Transaction 
Documents and breach of their provisions. The Lending Company could stop making 
payments to the Issuer, which means the Issuer would not be able to make payments 
to the Noteholder. The Lending Company might also stop providing Mintos with the 
necessary information or providing the information with significant delays.  
3. 
Insolvency of the Lending Company 
Insolvency, bankruptcy or other similar adverse events may significantly influence or even 
dismiss the ability of the Lending Company to transfer Borrower payments to the Issuer and to 
execute the undertaken Buyback Obligation and Repurchase towards the Issuer. This means 
that if the Lending Company experiences significant problems, the Lending Company may not 
be able to transfer the underlying Loan repayments from the Borrower or make payments of 
buyback price or repurchase price to the Issuer which would mean that the Issuer would not be 
able to make payments to the Noteholder. 
The Lending Company may be required to continue to treat the Loan Receivables as assets of 
the Lending Company from an accounting perspective. Reflection or recognition of the Loan 
Receivables sold to the Issuer as the Lending Company's balance sheet assets if insolvency 
proceeding is initiated, may lead to the receiver or the administrator not recognising the Issuer's

--- Page 17 ---
16 
 
title over the Loan Receivable sold to it. In this case, the Issuer would need to take legal actions 
to protect its interests in the Loan Receivables. The Issuer may have to prove to the 
administrator, receiver and/or other parties that the Loan Receivables and the Borrower 
payments towards them are not to be included in the assets of the Lending Company that are 
available for the general pool of creditors. Should the Loan Receivables be treated as assets 
of the Lending Company that are available for the general pool of creditors and not of the Issuer, 
the Issuer might be treated as an unsecured creditor of the Lending Company and it may then 
be entitled to receive only a portion of all distributions available to the unsecured creditors of 
the same class, and this portion of distributions may be not enough to cover the indebtedness 
towards the Issuer partially or in full.  
In case of insolvency, an administrator usually is bound to consider which past transactions of 
the insolvent company have to be contested and which sold assets or transferred funds have 
to be clawed back. There is a risk that the administrator of the Lending Company takes action 
to claw back to the Lending Company estate, the Loan Receivables sold to the Issuer or 
amounts paid to the Issuer. The Issuer would then have to take legal actions to protect its 
interests in the Loan Receivables and the Borrower payments and argue against the position 
of the administrator in judicial proceedings, which could be long and costly, and no assurance 
could be made of its successful outcome. 
The Transaction Documents allow Mintos to appoint a backup servicer, who would take over 
the servicing of the Loan Receivables in case of insolvency or bankruptcy of the Lending 
Company. The enforcement of rights under contracts might not result in recoveries for the 
Noteholder in a swift manner, and the recovery might be affected by lengthy and costly legal 
proceedings. 
Eventually, the Noteholder may experience delayed repayments or partial or full loss of invested 
amount under Notes. 
4. 
The Lending Company’s IT systems may fail or may be breached 
IT systems are a crucial part of all financial services companies and if they are impacted, that 
could affect the Lending Company’s ability to provide financial services to its customers and 
exchange information with Mintos. This could also result in loss or distortion of significant 
information and databases that are crucial for sound cooperation between the Lending 
Company, the Issuer and Mintos, including for Notes issue servicing and administration. 
Since IT systems play such a crucial role in the Lending Company’s operation, the Lending 
Company typically devotes a substantial number of resources to ensure stable and 
uninterrupted performance of the IT systems. Neither the Issuer nor Mintos audits the Lending 
Company’s IT systems thus cannot ensure their soundness. 
o 
RISKS SPECIFIC TO GUARANTEES WHEN THOSE ARE PROVIDED TO THE 
ISSUER 
1. 
The Guarantor may not honour its obligations 
There might be a Guarantee Agreement provided to secure the obligations of the Lending 
Company towards the Issuer.  
If there is a Guarantee Agreement the Guarantor would be expected to pay the due amount if 
the Lending Company fails to pay when due. As there is a risk of any party not honouring its 
obligations under a contract, there is a risk that the Guarantor does not honour its obligations

--- Page 18 ---
17 
 
under the Guarantee Agreement. If this happens, the Issuer may take legal action against the 
Guarantor. There is a risk that the enforcement of rights under the Guarantee Agreement does 
not result in recoveries for the Issuer, and by extension for the Noteholder, in the anticipated 
amount, or that the recovery might be affected by lengthy and costly legal proceedings. 
2. 
The Guarantor may default 
The risk of default, for example, insolvency, is a risk that is present for any counterparty, the 
Guarantor included.  
If the Guarantor defaults, the Issuer cannot rely on receiving funds from the Guarantor even if 
the Issuer decides to take legal action to recover due amounts from the Guarantor in or outside 
of the insolvency or bankruptcy proceedings. If the Guarantor defaults, the Issuer might 
terminate cooperation with the Lending Company and request that the Lending Company 
repurchase all the Loan Receivables before the term.  
3. 
The guarantee may become invalid or unenforceable 
There is a risk that guarantees securing the Lending Company obligations towards the Issuer 
may become invalid or unenforceable for several reasons, including, but not limited to cases 
when legal relations arising from the Transaction Documents are recategorised by the court of 
law, mistakes and omissions are made and/or due procedures not being followed when 
guarantees are formed. In that case, the obligations of the Lending Company towards the Issuer 
defined by the Transaction Documents become unsecured and the credit risk significantly 
increases, and that may trigger the Issuer terminating cooperation with the Lending Company 
and requesting repurchase by the Lending Company of all the Loan Receivables before their 
term. If there is no guarantee to enforce against then the Issuer is left with the Lending Company 
as the only debtor party from which to expect the payment of monies due from the Lending 
Company.  
o 
RISKS SPECIFIC TO MINTOS 
1. 
Various events and failures could cause situations where Mintos is not able to continue 
operations 
As a relatively new service, Mintos operates in a complex and dynamic regulatory and 
competitive environment and various events and failures could lead to Mintos terminating the 
provisioning of services, including the operations of the Platform. These events include but are 
not limited to revocation of licence, weak financial performance, negative reputation, non-
compliance events, dramatic changes in the applicable regulations impacting Mintos operating 
model or an economic downturn. If Mintos ceases operations, this could significantly impact the 
Noteholder’s ability to receive repayment on time. 
Should Mintos enter liquidation or insolvency, as a regulated and supervised entity, the process 
will be supervised by the FCMC. The appointed liquidator or administrator will take over the 
functions of the management board. Mintos will continue servicing its clients and the Investment 
Accounts, and relevant financial instruments portfolios in line with what Mintos is permitted to 
do according to the applicable insolvency and liquidation rules. The process from the moment 
of the appointment would be led by the appointed administrator or liquidator. In some cases, 
the Investors’ Protection Law may apply. Such processes may significantly influence the 
investment's return times and make the return more complex to the Noteholder. 
Furthermore, Mintos could for some reason suddenly stop honouring its obligations under the

--- Page 19 ---
18 
 
existing agreements, leading to delayed payments or partial or full loss of the amount invested 
in the Notes. 
2. 
Non-compliance with regulations could lead to revocation of Mintos’ licence 
To provide services to clients, Mintos, as the operator of the Platform, has received an 
investment firm license from the FCMC. The licence could be suspended or revoked due to 
non-compliance with regulations by Mintos. Loss of licence by Mintos could lead to delayed 
payments or partial or full loss of invested amount under the Notes. 
3. 
Failure of IT systems or a security breach could lead to significant liabilities and harm 
relationships with customers 
The technology that Mintos has developed over the years is a cornerstone of Mintos’ future 
success.  The satisfactory performance, reliability and availability of the Platform is critical to its 
operations, customer service and reputation. 
While Mintos has taken steps to protect confidential information, the techniques used to obtain 
unauthorised, improper or illegal access to systems, data, or customer data, or to disable or 
degrade services are constantly evolving and may not be detected quickly. 
As a result, Mintos’ and Mintos’ third-party vendor security measures might be breached, and 
these security breaches could result in confidential client information being stolen. Breaches of 
security measures because of third-party action, employee error, third-party vendor error, 
design flaws in the software, or interruptions in Mintos’ systems and services could adversely 
impact our relationships with Mintos’ clients, harm Mintos’ reputation and expose Mintos to 
significant liability. 
Furthermore, in the event of damage or interruption, existing insurance policies may not 
adequately compensate Mintos and Mintos’ clients for any losses that may have been incurred. 
Nevertheless, as IT systems are crucial to Mintos’ operations, a substantial amount of 
resources are devoted to ensuring the stable and uninterrupted performance of the IT systems. 
4. 
Mintos’ bank accounts could be frozen or closed and banks, where the Noteholder funds 
are held, can become insolvent 
Mintos clients' funds, including the fund being deposited in the Issuer’s Account for settlement 
under the Notes, are kept segregated from Mintos’ own funds in several bank accounts marked 
as client funds accounts.  
One or several of those bank accounts that Mintos uses might be blocked, seized or closed for 
a number of reasons, including insolvency of the banks, resulting in interruptions of fund 
transfers to the Lending Company and the Noteholder.  
5. 
Significant problem or termination of the agreement with a Mintos partner may affect the 
provision of services to the clients 
While providing its services, Mintos relies on several carefully selected partners (e.g., cloud 
computing providers), and any problems with the service providers could impact Mintos’ ability 
to provide services to the Noteholder. Mintos has taken several steps to reduce the likelihood 
and impact of such occurrences, such as having backup service providers where feasible, there 
is still a risk that the Noteholder may not be able to access the Platform or receive services.

--- Page 20 ---
19 
 
6. 
Certain situations or actions may raise conflicts of interests 
While the rights and the responsibilities of Mintos, the Issuer, the Lending Company are detailed 
in the Transaction Documents and this Base Prospectus, and Mintos has established policies 
and procedures to mitigate the risk, it is not possible to fully avoid the possibility of a conflict of 
interests between the parties that could impact the interests of the Noteholder. 
While Mintos provides placement services to the Issuer with respect to the Notes, Mintos also 
provides the infrastructure services for the Lending Company and the Issuer to perform sales 
of the Loan Receivables to the Issuer, as well as to exercise the Buyback Obligations and 
Repurchases. Mintos receives fees from the Lending Company for placement services. Mintos 
has carefully set up the fees in a compliant manner and so that it would not violate the conflict-
of-interest management rules. Such placement fees might qualify as inducements and Mintos 
would disclose information on these inducements to the Noteholder. In addition to inducement 
disclosures, Mintos has set up internal procedures to identify and manage conflicts of interest. 
Some conflicts of interest require disclosure and those are disclosed. 
o 
RISKS SPECIFIC TO THE ISSUER 
1. 
The Issuer could default on its obligations or become insolvent 
The Issuer is a wholly owned Mintos Group company, and not engaged in any business 
activities other than those provided in this Base Prospectus. There is a risk that the Issuer could 
suddenly stop effectively honouring its obligations under the existing agreements and 
breaching its provisions, resulting in missing repayments to the Noteholder. This could lead to 
delays in repayments and partial or full loss of invested amounts. 
While the Issuer is created, established and performs its operations as a special purpose 
undertaking, due to possible legal shortcomings of the applicable law and/or judicial practice, 
the Issuer might be found insolvent due to the following reasons, including, but not limited to, a 
Noteholder or other creditor initiating the insolvency procedure against the Issuer in bad faith 
and the court not finding limited recourse and non-petition provisions defined by this Base 
Prospectus as a sufficient ground to reject such proceeding. In such situations, the Noteholder 
could experience delays in receiving its invested funds and its priority as a creditor of the Issuer 
might be changed by the rule of law, leading to receiving fewer amounts than due under the 
Notes. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes (in section 10 of this Base Prospectus) are set up and 
drafted as having legal force and addressing concerns as legally binding contractual 
obligations. There can be external circumstances that might influence such legal construction, 
including, but not limited to court ruling, and/or new or modified legal enactments. 
2. 
Mintos may not be able to cover the maintenance and administrative costs of the Issuer 
Considering the pass-through nature of the Issuer, the maintenance costs and administrative 
expenses of the Issuer are, in essence, covered by the Lending Company, either via direct 
compensation mechanism or indirectly via Mintos. If for any reason mentioned above in ‘RISKS 
SPECIFIC TO MINTOS’, Mintos is not able to cover such costs, it could significantly influence 
the operations of the Issuer and its ability to service Notes and make payments to the 
Noteholder.

--- Page 21 ---
20 
 
3. 
Information asymmetry  
With a reference to risks described above in ‘The Lending Company may intentionally or 
unintentionally breach its contractual obligations - False or incomplete information about the 
Lending Company’ and ‘-False Borrower data’, part of the information in this Base Prospectus 
as well as significant information being received during the term of the Notes is being sourced 
and received from the Lending Company. There is a risk that the Lending company can provide 
material information with delay or fails to provide information to the Issuer at all. As a 
consequence: 
● 
the Issuer through Mintos acting as its authorised representative will not be able to 
timely enforce its rights provided in the Transaction Documents and to act in the 
interests of Noteholders; and 
● 
the Issuer will not be able to prepare and publish supplements to this Base Prospectus 
in a timely manner, which could impact the Noteholders’ judgement on purchasing the 
Notes being unaware of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy 
related to the information being sourced from the Lending Company. 
4. 
Cross-risks applicable to the Issuer 
Considering the pass-through nature of the Issuer, the Issuer and its abilities to pay amounts 
due to the Noteholders under the Note are exposed to all the risks listed above in ‘RISKS 
SPECIFIC TO THE UNDERLYING LOAN’, ‘RISKS SPECIFIC TO LOAN SERVICING’, ‘RISKS 
SPECIFIC TO GUARANTEES WHEN THOSE ARE PROVIDED TO THE ISSUER’ and ‘RISKS 
SPECIFIC TO MINTOS’. 
o 
RISKS SPECIFIC TO NOTES 
1. 
The Noteholder has no rights of recourse against the Borrowers, the Lending Company, 
the Guarantor 
The Noteholder has no direct right to the Loan Receivables. Instead, the Noteholder is acquiring 
Notes, which are backed by the corresponding Loan Receivables. The legal title in the Loan 
Receivables and relevant rights arising from them are vested in the Issuer. This means that the 
Noteholder will have no direct recourse against the Borrowers and no ability to independently 
and in its discretion to pursue any Borrower to collect payments under the relevant Loan. For 
the same reason the Noteholder will have no direct recourse against the Lending Company, 
and the Guarantor, and no ability to pursue the Lending Company, and the Guarantor to enforce 
them to duly perform their duties and obligations due. All such actions are carried out by the 
Issuer as the legal owner of the Loan Receivables according to the provisions of this Base 
Prospectus and the Transaction Documents. 
2. 
Change of creditors priority  
The outcome of judicial or insolvency procedure could overrule the creditors’ priority in this 
Base Prospectus due to requirements of the law, meaning that the Noteholders of one Series 
of Notes could become equal creditors to Noteholders of other Series of Notes, thus all the 
proceeds the Issuer receives from all the Loan Receivables is distributed on pro rata basis or 
otherwise.

--- Page 22 ---
21 
 
3. 
Certain costs may rank higher than payments to the Noteholder 
While it is the Issuer's responsibility to transfer to the Noteholder all payments that have been 
received from the Lending Company, including the payments from the Borrowers received by 
the Lending Company, there are certain costs, such as taxes, Mintos’ fees and recovery costs 
that rank higher than payments to the Noteholder. This means that the Noteholder would only 
receive payment after the payment obligations of a higher priority have been settled.  
Also, there is a risk that the outcome of judicial or insolvency procedure could define other 
priority of payments, which differs from the priority in this Base Prospectus.  
4. 
Liabilities that are not Series specific will be allocated to all Series of Notes 
proportionally 
If there are higher priority costs, i.e., taxes, fees and recovery costs, related to the specific Note, 
then these will be covered from the payments due to the Noteholders according to the Priority 
of Payments defined in this Base Prospectus. Where the liability is not Series-specific, for 
example, legal costs, the liability will be allocated to all Series of Notes proportionally unless 
otherwise defined by the Priority of Payments.  
5. 
Due diligence and monitoring performed by Mintos and risk score allocated are limited 
in scope, do not address all material risks, and do not provide any assurance or 
indemnification 
Before the Lending Company joins Mintos and during the cooperation, Mintos carries out due 
diligence and assigns a Mintos risk score. It is important to point out that these processes are 
limited in scope and do not address all material risks relating to an investment in the Notes, but 
rather reflect the view of Mintos at the time the due diligence and monitoring are performed.  
Even if Mintos continuously measures the accuracy of the Mintos risk score and evaluates the 
need to adjust the methodology when new data is obtained, these processes might not 
guarantee any further performance of the investment.  
Mintos neither provides any assurance or guarantee for the Noteholder nor indemnifies or holds 
Noteholder harmless for any loss or adverse consequence directly or indirectly arising from the 
Noteholder relying upon the risk score or due diligence and monitoring performed.  
Basing investment decisions solely on the Mintos risk score could lead to a partial or full loss 
of invested amounts. 
6. 
No specific securitisation laws in Latvia 
There are no dedicated laws and regime in Latvia addressing specific special purpose vehicle 
issuer insolvency or limited recourse concepts. Mintos believes the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes are set up and drafted as having legal force and addressing such concerns as legally 
binding contractual obligations. There might be circumstances that influence such legal 
construction, including, but not limited to the court ruling, or new or modified legal enactments. 
Eventually, this could lead to delayed payments, or partial or full loss of the amount invested in 
the Notes. 
7. 
Repurchase could impact planned return 
The Lending Company may repurchase the Loan Receivables from the Issuer at any time at 
their then outstanding principal value without any penalty or other compensation. This may 
happen, for example, in cases where the Lending Company can acquire lower cost financing

--- Page 23 ---
22 
 
from other sources and wishes to refinance the Loan.  
The Lending Company not only has a right to repurchase, but also has an obligation to 
repurchase the Loan Receivables from the Issuer upon the occurrence of certain events 
specified in the Cooperation Agreement. The Lending Company may become obliged to 
repurchase one or several affected Loan Receivables, as well as there are certain events that 
may trigger the obligation to repurchase all the Loan Receivables. Occurrence of a Material 
Event of Default under the Cooperation Agreement triggers the obligation to repurchase all the 
Loan Receivables. 
If the repurchase right is exercised by the Lending Company or if the repurchase obligation 
arises, the relevant Series of Notes will be redeemed early in full or in part once the Issuer has 
received the repurchase price from the Lending Company. The Notehholders' return on the 
investments in the Notes which are redeemed due to the repurchase will be lower than the 
initially planned return. 
8. 
New regulations introduced in the future could impact the Noteholder and Mintos 
Due to several reasons, such as improvements in computer technology, the financial crisis of 
the past decade and a greater focus on preventing the legalisation of illegally gained proceeds, 
the financial industry over the last years has experienced the introduction of several new 
regulations. With further developments and adoption of technologies, jurisdictions, either where 
Noteholders or Mintos Group are domiciled are likely to introduce new regulations or 
administrative interventions that could relate to Notes or online marketplaces such as the 
Platform. Such regulation in the future, for example, could enhance investors’ protection 
measures, limit access to Notes to only qualified or sophisticated Noteholders, limit the 
proportion of the portfolio that can be invested through Notes or introduce any other restricting 
measures. 
Furthermore, the introduction of new regulations or significant changes to the existing 
regulations could impact the profitability, cost base and future operations of Mintos. Failure to 
comply with regulation could lead to, among other things, lawsuits, administrative enforcement 
actions, penalties, and revocation of licenses and authorisations. Eventually, this could lead to 
delayed payments or partial or full loss of invested amounts under Notes. 
9. 
New regulation in relation to taxes could impact the expected return for the Noteholder 
In the event that new regulation is introduced, or existing regulation or its interpretation changes 
so that the Issuer and/or Mintos needs to withhold additional taxes before making payments to 
the Noteholder, and the Issuer and/or Mintos is required to withhold any transfer tax, stamp 
duty and/or financial transactions tax, this could impact the expected return on investment for 
the Noteholder. Similar developments in the Noteholders’ tax residence country can lead to the 
same consequences. 
10. 
Notes have limited liquidity and transferability 
The Notes are illiquid securities and there is no active market for them, and the Notes are not 
admitted to any trading venue. The potential buyers and transferees are limited only to other 
Mintos’ clients who are registered on the Platform. Which all means that the Noteholder might 
need to offer the Notes with a significant discount and hence would not meet the expected 
return on the investment or might even be unable to sell them at all during shorter or longer 
period of time. Furthermore, to protect Noteholders that use automatic investment solutions 
from making investment decisions, Mintos may restrict the execution of orders to sell the Notes

--- Page 24 ---
23 
 
according to the terms and conditions of the agreements between the Investors and Mintos. 
The Noteholder should therefore only invest in Notes that the Noteholder is comfortable with 
holding to maturity. 
11. 
An undiversified investment portfolio may lead to greater exposure to the Lending 
Company and country-specific risks than a well-diversified portfolio 
Investment in a single Note, Notes issued in relation to the Lending Company or Notes with 
underlying Loans related to one country means that the performance of the portfolio and risk 
exposure depends on that Note, the Lending Company, country and currency risk.  
Mintos encourages its customers to build a well-diversified portfolio and provides several tools 
to automate investing in Notes, making this easier. 
12. 
Investing in Notes issued in other currencies increase the Noteholder’s exposure to 
currency risk 
If a Noteholder invests in Notes denominated in a currency that is different from the currency 
that the Noteholder earns and/or spends, the return on the investment could be significantly 
impacted by the fluctuations in the exchange rate between those currencies. This means that 
if the underlying currency depreciates significantly, the Noteholder could lose part of the 
investment, and if the currency appreciates significantly, the Noteholder could earn a higher 
return on investment. 
13. 
Notes are not bank deposits 
Investment in Notes does not have the status of a bank deposit in Latvia or elsewhere and is 
not within the scope of the deposit protection or guarantee scheme operated by the Republic 
of Latvia or any other jurisdiction.

--- Page 25 ---
24 
 
3. 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Important notices 
THIS BASE PROSPECTUS MAY NOT BE FORWARDED OR DISTRIBUTED OTHER THAN AS 
PROVIDED BELOW AND MAY NOT BE REPRODUCED IN ANY MANNER WHATSOEVER. THIS 
BASE PROSPECTUS MAY ONLY BE DISTRIBUTED OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES TO PERSONS 
THAT ARE NOT U.S. PERSONS AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. 
ANY FORWARDING, DISTRIBUTION OR REPRODUCTION OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS IN 
WHOLE OR IN PART IS UNAUTHORISED. FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH THIS DIRECTIVE MAY 
RESULT IN A VIOLATION OF THE SECURITIES ACT OR THE APPLICABLE LAWS OF OTHER 
JURISDICTIONS.  
NOTHING IN THIS BASE PROSPECTUS CONSTITUTES AN OFFER TO SELL OR THE 
SOLICITATION OF AN OFFER TO BUY ANY SECURITIES IN ANY JURISDICTION. THE 
SECURITIES DESCRIBED IN THIS BASE PROSPECTUS HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE 
REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR WITH ANY SECURITIES REGULATORY 
AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES AND MAY NOT 
BE OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR 
BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS.  
Any materials relating to any potential offering do not constitute, and may not be used in connection 
with, an offer or solicitation in any place where offers or solicitations are not permitted by law.  
Under no circumstances will this Base Prospectus constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer 
to buy any securities in any jurisdiction other than provided on page 1 of this Base Prospectus.  
Responsibility for this Base Prospectus  
The Management Board of the Issuer:  
Title 
Name 
Chairman of the Management Board 
Martins Sulte 
Member of the Management Board 
Martins Valters 
 
accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus (other than the information 
in the sections entitled ‘7. THE LENDING COMPANY’, ‘9. THE LOANS’, ‘8. THE SERVICER’ and ‘10 
THE GUARANTOR’). To the best of its knowledge, the information (other than the information in the 
sections entitled ‘7. THE LENDING COMPANY’, ‘9. THE LOANS’, ‘8. THE SERVICES’ and ‘10 THE 
GUARANTOR’) contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and makes no 
omission likely to affect its import. Any information from third parties identified in this Base Prospectus 
as such has been accurately reproduced and that as far as the Issuer is aware and are able to ascertain 
from the information provided by a third party, no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.  
The Lending Company accepts responsibility for the information contained in the sections entitled ‘7. 
THE LENDING COMPANY’, ‘9. THE LOANS’, ‘8. THE SERVICER’ and ‘10 THE GUARANTOR’ of this 
Base Prospectus. To the best of its knowledge, the information contained in sections entitled ‘7. THE 
LENDING COMPANY’, ‘9. THE LOANS’, ‘8. THE SERVICER’ and ‘10 THE GUARANTOR’ of this Base 
Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and makes no omission likely to affect its import.

--- Page 26 ---
25 
 
Final Terms  
Each Series of Notes will be issued on the terms and conditions set out under the section entitled ‘11. 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES’ of this Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable 
Final Terms. The Final Terms will be published on the website www.mintos.com. A form of applicable 
Final Terms is set out under the section entitled ’13. APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS’ of this Base 
Prospectus.  
Other relevant information  
This Base Prospectus must be read and construed together with any supplements to this Base 
Prospectus and with any information incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus and, concerning 
any Series of Notes, must be read and construed together with the relevant applicable Final Terms.  
Unauthorised information  
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in 
or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into concerning the 
Programme, any information supplied by the Issuer, or such other information as is in the public domain 
and, if given or made, such information or representation should not be relied upon as having been 
authorised by the Issuer. 
Mintos has not authorised the whole or any part of this Base Prospectus and does not make any 
representation or warranty, or accept any responsibility as to the accuracy or completeness of the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus or any responsibility for the acts or omissions of the 
Issuer or any other person in connection with the issue and offering of the Notes, nor does Mintos or 
any of its shareholders, directors, affiliates, advisers or agents take any responsibility for the acts or 
omissions of the Issuer or any other person in connection with the issue, offering and sale of the Notes. 
Restrictions on distribution  
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms, and the offer, sale and delivery of the 
Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and Mintos to inform themselves about 
and to observe any such restrictions. In particular, Notes have not been and will not be registered under 
the Securities Act. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or to U.S. persons. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitute an offer 
or an invitation to subscribe for or purchase any Notes and should not be considered as a 
recommendation by the Issuer, Mintos or any of them that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any 
Final Terms should subscribe for or purchase any Notes. Each recipient of this Base Prospectus or any 
Final Terms will be taken to have made its own investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or 
otherwise) of the Issuer. Mintos has not provided any financial or taxation advice in connection with the 
Programme or the Notes. 
Programme limit  
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the 
Programme will not exceed PLN 1 395 000 000.00 (one billion three hundred ninety-five million Polish 
zloty) (or its equivalent in other currencies). 
Language  
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms 
have been cited in their original language so that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to

--- Page 27 ---
26 
 
them under applicable law. 
Ratings  
No Series of Notes issued under the Programme will be rated by any credit rating agency. 
Currencies  
Unless otherwise indicated, the financial information contained in this Base Prospectus has been 
expressed in euro. The Issuer’s functional currency is euro, and the Issuer prepares its financial 
statements in euro.  
Third-party and market share data  
This Base Prospectus contains information regarding business of the Issuer, Mintos, the Lending 
Company and others, and the industry in which they operate and compete. Where third party 
information has been used in this Base Prospectus, the source of such information has been identified. 
Statistical information included in this Base Prospectus has been derived from official public sources, 
including the statistical releases. All such statistical information may differ from that stated in other 
sources for a variety of reasons, including the use of different definitions and cut-off times. This data 
may subsequently be revised as new data becomes available and any such revised data will not be 
circulated by the Issuer to Investors who have purchased the Notes. In some cases, independently 
determined industry data is not available. In these cases, any market share data included in this Base 
Prospectus is referred to as having been estimated. All such estimates have been made by either the 
Issuer or the Lending Company using its information and other publicly available market information. 
Each of the Issuer and the Lending Company believes that these estimates of market share are helpful 
as they give prospective Investors a better understanding of the industry in which the Issuer or the 
Lending Company operates as well as its position within that industry. Although all such estimations 
have been made in good faith based on the information available and the Issuer’s or the Lending 
Company’s knowledge of the market within which it operates, neither the Issuer nor the Lending 
Company can guarantee that a third-party expert using different methods would reach the same 
conclusions. Where information has not been independently sourced, it is the Issuer’s or the Lending 
Company’s own information. 
No incorporation of website information 
The Issuer is affiliated with Mintos and their website is www.mintos.com. Unless specifically 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, information on the website or any other website 
mentioned in this Base Prospectus or any website directly or indirectly linked to these websites has not 
been verified, is not incorporated by reference into, and does not form part of, this Base Prospectus, 
and Investors should not rely on it.

--- Page 28 ---
27 
 
4. 
TRANSACTION OVERVIEW 
o 
THE DESCRIPTION OF THE TRANSACTIONS IN RELATION TO THE NOTES 
▪ 
The Issuer, Mintos and the Lending Company 
The Issuer, Mintos, the Lending Company, and the Servicer have entered the Transaction Documents 
for the issue and sale of the Notes as described in this Base Prospectus. 
 
▪ 
Transfer of the Loan Receivables by the Lending Company to the Issuer 
 
Note: Loans to the Borrowers are issued by the Lending Company via the Servicer 
The Lending Company makes, from time to time, an irrevocable offer to sell the Loan Receivables by 
using the API connection set up with Mintos.  
The offer for sale of the Loan Receivable is accepted, on behalf of the Issuer, by Mintos generating the 
Transfer Document. Mintos verifies the information provided through the API. The Loan Receivables 
are required to meet certain eligibility criteria to form a ‘pool’ of Loan Receivables to serve as the 
underlying assets for a particular Series of Notes and to satisfy other conditions precedent. 
Payment for the acquired Loan Receivable is subject to placement of the Series of Notes.  
That means the Loan Receivables transferred to the Issuer and backing the Series have characteristics 
that demonstrate capacity to produce funds to service any payments due and payable on the Notes.

--- Page 29 ---
28 
 
The Lending Company retains in relation to each Loan the ‘skin in the game’ in keeping at least 10% of 
the principal amount outstanding. 
The Borrowers are not notified of the transfer of the Loan Receivables. The Servicer continues to 
service the Loan Receivables.  
▪ 
Issue of Notes 
Once the Issuer has a pool of the Loan Receivables, Mintos publishes the Final Terms for the relevant 
Series of Notes on the Platform on behalf of the Issuer. This process is automated and takes place in 
real-time.  
As of the Issue Date, the Notes are publicly offered by the Issuer through the Platform. Investors can 
purchase Notes from the Issue Date until the Maturity Date of the Notes provided in the Final Terms or 
until the time when the Notes are fully sold to Investors by the Issuer, whichever occurs earlier. 
Information about the offer results of the Notes is published on the website www.mintos.com in real 
time starting from the Issue Date of the Notes. Subscriptions will not be reduced, which means refund 
of amounts paid in excess does not apply. The Issuer does not expect any conditions to which offer of 
the Notes would be subject. 
  
To purchase Notes from the Issuer, the Investor registered on the Platform submits an investment order 
using the “Primary market” section of the Platform, indicating the amount of money that the Investor 
wishes to invest in particular Notes. The Investor can also use automated portfolio management 
services provided by Mintos to purchase the Notes. The process for purchasing Notes is automated 
and takes place in real-time. When the investment order is accepted by the Platform, Mintos debits 
cash funds from the Investor’s cash account with Mintos in exchange for delivery of the Notes to the 
Investor’s financial instruments account with Mintos. Paying for the Notes and delivery of the Notes take 
place simultaneously. The Notes allotted are available as soon as the investment order is executed by 
Mintos, by means of the Investor’s profile on the Platform. Further alienation of Notes could be done as 
soon as available on the Investor’s Investment Accounts. 
 
Minimum subscription amount is one Note. Maximum subscription amount is up to the Aggregate 
Nominal Amount for the relevant Series of Notes, but subject to the nominal amount of the Notes being 
available for purchase from the Issuer as at execution time of the investment order at Mintos. 
No expenses are expected to be charged to the Investor by the Issuer when purchasing Notes. 
Currently there is no financial transaction tax to be applied by the Issuer and/or Mintos to the Investor 
in subscribing or purchasing any Note. 
 
The Issuer expects that net proceeds of any Series of Notes will equal the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
of the relevant Series.

--- Page 30 ---
29 
 
▪ 
Payments under the Notes 
 
Note: Repayments from the Borrowers to the Lending Company are done via the Servicer 
Interest specified in the Final Terms will begin to be calculated and accrue from (and including) the first 
day when the Investor has acquired the Notes from the Issuer and the Notes are booked by Mintos in 
the Investor’s financial instruments account. 
 
The Interest and principal payments under the Notes are linked and contingent on corresponding 
payment being made under the pool of the underlying Loan Receivables. Notes may have different 
payments which reflect the different Loans issued by the Lending Company, such as: 
● 
fully amortising Notes – the principal amount outstanding of the Notes and interest are regularly 
paid during the term of the Notes so that the principal amount outstanding of the Notes is zero 
at maturity of the Notes; 
 
● 
partially amortising Notes (or ‘balloon’ Notes) – the principal amount outstanding of the Notes 
and interest are regularly paid during the term of the Notes but, a ‘balloon’ of principal amount 
outstanding of the Notes remains which is paid at maturity of the Notes;  
 
● 
interest only Notes – only the interest is regularly paid during the term of the Notes, whilst the 
principal amount outstanding of the Notes is paid at maturity of the Notes; and 
 
● 
bullet Notes - both the principal value outstanding of the Notes and interest are paid at the 
maturity of the Notes. 
▪ 
The Buyback Obligation  
The Buyback Obligation is the obligation, if any payment under any of the relevant Loans is delayed 
by more than 60 days, for the Lending Company to repurchase the relevant Loan Receivables from the 
Issuer, provided that the Buyback Obligation is stated as being applicable in the Final Terms. 
If the Buyback Obligation is triggered, the relevant Series of Notes will be redeemed early in part once 
the Issuer has received the buyback price from the Lending Company. The buyback price is the nominal 
value of the Loan Receivable as it is at the time when the Buyback Obligation arose, which means the 
nominal value of the principal outstanding and the interest and other ancillary claims assigned to the 
Issuer that form part of the Loan Receivable up to the date when the Buyback Obligation was triggered. 
▪ 
Repurchase  
Repurchase is the right or obligation for the Lending Company to repurchase the Loan Receivable(s) 
from the Issuer on the occurrence of certain events specified in the Cooperation Agreement. 
The Repurchase rights the Lending Company may exercise at any time with respect to any Loan

--- Page 31 ---
30 
 
Receivable(s). The repurchase price is the nominal value of the Loan Receivable, which means the 
nominal value of the principal outstanding and the interest and other ancillary claims assigned to the 
Issuer that form part of the Loan Receivable up to the date when the Repurchase right was exercised, 
as it is at the time when the Repurchase right was exercised. 
If during the validity of the Cooperation Agreement the Lending Company exercises its rights to 
repurchase individual Loan Receivables of performing loans (loans that are not delayed by the 
Borrower), the Lending Company shall be obliged to repurchase the same amount of the Loan 
Receivables on non-performing loans with a delay of 1 to 59 days (if any) and on non-performing loans 
with a delay of 60 and more days (if any). Namely, if the Lending Company repurchases 10% (ten per 
cent) of the Loan Receivables on performing loans, the Lending Company shall be obliged to 
repurchase 10% (ten per cent) of the Loan Receivables on non-performing loans with a delay of 1 to 
59 days and 10% (ten per cent) of the Loan Receivables on non-performing loans with a delay of 60 
and more days. The Loan Receivables of non-performing loans subject to the repurchase are randomly 
selected by the Lending Company at its own discretion. If Lending Company fails to repurchase the 
Loan Receivables of non-performing loans as per this clause, Mintos shall randomly select the Loan 
Receivables on non-performing loans subject to the repurchase by the Lending Company.  
The Repurchase obligation arises either with respect to one or several Loan Receivables or it may as 
well arise with respect to all Loan Receivables.  
Individual affected Loan Receivable(s) must be repurchased by the Lending Company according to the 
Cooperation Agreement if the following occurs: 
(a) 
termination by the Lending Company of a Loan Agreement from which the Loan Receivable 
arises; 
(b) 
in case any of the following events occur: 
● 
if the Loan Agreement from which the respective individual Loan Receivable arises 
is or shall for any reason and by any means become invalid or unenforceable whether 
in whole or in part or it becomes impossible or unlawful for any party to any such 
document to perform its obligations under such documents; or 
● 
if, in the reasonable opinion of Mintos and/or the Issuer and/or the Lending Company, 
the Borrower’s fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation has been established; 
(c) 
with respect to the affected Loan Receivable that is determined in the sole discretion of 
Mintos, in case if any of the following events occur: 
● 
if certain representations or warranties of the Lending Company and/or the Servicer 
provided in the Cooperation Agreement with respect to the Loan Receivable is or 
proves to have been untrue when made or deemed to be made; 
● 
if a breach of an obligation of the Lending Company to comply with certain restrictions 
on amendments to the Loan Agreements are not complied with or if the Servicer 
breaches its duties as a servicer of the Loan Receivables; or 
● 
if it is or becomes unlawful for the Lending Company to assign or offer the assignment 
of any new Loan Receivables according to the laws applicable to the Lending Company 
and/or Loan Receivables and/or to perform any of its obligations under the Cooperation 
Agreement in relation to the assignment of the Loan Receivable, for example in case 
of loss of licence by the Lending Company which affects the already executed 
assignments or servicing of the Loan Receivables (i.e. having a retroactive effect).  
● 
if it is or becomes unlawful for the Servicer to service the Loan Receivables.  
The above might not be a precise wording of the Cooperation Agreement provisions, however even if 
the wording is different the description of the essence remains correct. 
In case a Material Event of Default under the Cooperation Agreement has occurred (see paragraph: 
THE TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS - The Cooperation Agreement - Material Events of Default), Mintos

--- Page 32 ---
31 
 
is entitled to request the Lending Company to repurchase all the Loan Receivables transferred to the 
Issuer. Mintos has the discretion to request or not to request the repurchase of all the Loan Receivables. 
If the full repurchase is requested, repurchase obligation must be met by way of paying the repurchase 
price within the time period, which in most cases is 5 (five) Business Days, but may be set as a longer 
period of time up to no more than 6 months, after the notice has been given to the Lending Company 
regarding the repurchase and the final calculation of the amounts payable is sent to the Lending 
Company. 
The repurchase price for the Loan Receivable which the Lending Company is obliged to pay to the 
Issuer for the Repurchase of the Loan Receivable is equal to the total amount of the remaining principal 
amount of the Loan Receivable and accumulated and outstanding interest, and other ancillary claims 
assigned to the Issuer that form part of the Loan Receivable up to the date when the Repurchase was 
triggered. 
If Repurchase rights or obligation is triggered, the relevant Series of Notes will be redeemed early in 
full or in part once the Issuer has received the repurchase price from the Lending Company. 
▪ 
No credit enhancement 
The Notes have no credit enhancements and no liquidity support in relation to payment of interest or 
principal. 
The Issuer, as a special purpose entity, has no obligation to make any payment on the Notes unless 
sufficient funds have been received from the Lending Company. The Lending Company and/or the 
Servicer, in turn is dependent on payments on the relevant Loans from the Borrowers. 
o 
THE TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS 
The information in this section is a summary of certain features of the Transaction Documents provided 
for information purposes and will not be treated as the full binding text of the relevant agreement.  
▪ 
The Cooperation Agreement 
General 
The Cooperation Agreement contains the agreement between the Issuer, the Lending Company, the 
Servicer and Mintos on the matters outlined in the above section entitled ‘THE DESCRIPTION OF THE 
TRANSACTIONS IN RELATION TO THE NOTES’. 
The Cooperation Agreement also contains as schedules: 
● 
sample of the Loan Agreement; and 
● 
this Base Prospectus as submitted to the FCMC for approval. 
Mintos 
Mintos act as an assignment agent, placement agent, calculation agent, transfer agent and paying 
agent of the Issuer in relation to the Notes. 
Loan servicing  
The Issuer has appointed the Servicer and the Lending Company as the servicers with service rights 
which includes any and all rights to:

--- Page 33 ---
32 
 
(a) 
service the Loan Receivables; 
 
(b) 
all agreements or documents creating, defining or evidencing the servicing rights to the extent 
they relate to the servicing; 
(c) 
collect all payments under the Loan Agreements; and 
(d) 
maintain and use any and all servicing files and other data and information about the Loan 
Receivables, and about the past, present or prospective servicing of the Loan Receivables. 
Within the scope of servicing obligations, the Servicer has undertaken certain obligations, including: 
(a) 
to collect and process payments from the Borrowers;  
(b)        to transfer the payments received from the Borrowers to the Lending Company; 
Within the scope of servicing obligations, the Lending Company has undertaken certain obligations, 
including: 
(a) 
to transfer the Borrowers' payments received from the Servicer to the Issuer; 
(b) 
not to assign, transfer or create any encumbrance over any Loan Receivables; and 
(c) 
to take all reasonable actions to ensure that the Loan Receivables are not treated as the 
Lending Company’s property and any pledge rights, prohibitions or other encumbrances in favour of 
the Lending Company, its creditors or administrators would not be attributed to the Loan Receivables. 
Subject to certain terms and conditions, the Issuer may, by notice to the Lending Company, the Servicer 
and Mintos terminate the appointment of the Lending Company and/or the Servicer as the servicer and 
appoint another person as the servicer of the Loan Receivables.  
Extensions 
The Lending Company may modify any of the Loan Agreements without approval of the Issuer, provided 
that payments from the relevant Borrower remain unchanged. 
If provided in the Final Terms, the Lending Company may extend the repayment schedule of one or 
more of the Loan Agreements without the consent of the Issuer or the Noteholders provided that (a) 
there is no event of default under any of the Loans Agreement, (b) any change is restricted by ‘Limit on 
the number of Extensions’ and ‘Total maximum time limit of Extensions’ as specified in the Final Terms 
and (c) any change is notified on the Platform to the Noteholders.  
The Lending Company may also extend the repayment schedule of one or more of the Loan 
Agreements without the consent of the Issuer or the Noteholders to comply with any new law or 
regulation, amendment of any existing law or regulation, or any decision of any government or municipal 
provided that any change is notified on the Platform to the Noteholders 
Representations and warranties 
The Lending Company and the Servicer have made certain representations and warranties relating to 
the Loan Receivables including: 
(a)  
all necessary and required procedures, checks and assessments have been performed to 
ensure the validity and enforceability of each of the Loan Agreements;

--- Page 34 ---
33 
 
(b)  
information and documents provided regarding each of the Loans, the Loan Agreements and 
the Loan Receivables sold to the Issuer are true, correct and complete, 
(c)  
the Lending Company is the sole owner of the Loan Receivables being sold to the Issuer and 
has full rights and authority to sell and assign the Loan Receivables, which are free and clear 
of all liens, pledges or encumbrances.      
The Lending Company and the Servicer have represented and warranted that it has all necessary 
licences, permits and authorisations to conduct its business activities.  
Each of the Issuer, the Lending Company, the Servicer and Mintos has ensured the truth, correctness 
and completeness of all the documents and information being provided by it, as well as its compliance 
with applicable regulatory requirements. 
Covenants 
The Lending Company has covenanted to comply with certain financial and other covenants.  
Indemnities and penalties 
The Lending Company and the Servicer has agreed to pay the contractual penalties to Mintos for breach 
of the certain obligations indicated in the Cooperation Agreement. 
Each of the Issuer, the Lending Company, the Servicer and Mintos has indemnified the others against 
any and all losses suffered by or incurred by the others arising out of or resulting from its breach under 
the Cooperation Agreement. 
Material Events of Default 
The Cooperation Agreement contains an exhaustive list of events that constitute Material Events of 
Default. Material Events of Default under the Cooperation Agreement include events like: 
(a) non-payment by the Lending Company and/or Guarantor under the Cooperation Agreement; 
(b) the Lending Company non-compliance with the adjusted equity ratio set in the Cooperation 
Agreement; 
(c) events with respect to various other obligations of the Lending Company and/or the Servicer: 
failure to fulfil some other obligations of the Cooperation Agreement; occurrence of a material 
event of default under other obligations referred to in the Cooperation Agreement;  
(d) an event of default, as such term is defined in this Base Prospectus, occurs, which such event 
of default is caused by fault, action or failure to act of the Lending Company, and/or the Servicer; 
(e) any security documents (if any) having become invalid, unenforceable or likewise events 
occurring with respect to them as agreed in the Cooperation Agreement; 
(f) insolvency proceedings of the Lending Company and/or the Servicer occurs; 
(g) a creditor’s process against the Lending Company and/or the Servicer, as agreed in the 
Cooperation Agreement is taking place;  
(h) misrepresentation by the Lending Company and/or Servicer with respect to the information in 
this Base Prospectus that is sourced from the Lending Company and/or Servicer and the later 
is responsible for;  
(i) cross-default and cross-acceleration or certain financial liabilities of the Lending Company, 
and/or the Guarantor; 
(j) occurrence of circumstances in the area of AML (Anti Money Laundering) or sanctions non-
compliance that require termination of cooperation with the Lending Company and/or Servicer; 
(k) cessation of business by the Lending Company and/or the Servicer.

--- Page 35 ---
34 
 
The above is not a precise wording of the Cooperation Agreement provisions on the Material Event of 
Default, it is just a description of their essence. 
If any Material Event of Default occurs, Mintos may stop: 
(a)  
the execution of sales of the Loan Receivables to the Issuer; 
(b)  
the placement of the Notes on the Platform; and 
(c)  
the processing of submitted but not yet executed orders for subscription of the Notes.  
Upon occurrence of a Material Event of Default Mintos may require the Lending Company to 
Repurchase all the Loan Receivables transferred to the Issuer.  
Also, if a Material Event of Default occurs Mintos may change the servicer of the Loan Receivables.  
Whether to exercise any or all of the above rights that Mintos has if any Material Event of Default occurs, 
is a decision that Mintos makes, acting as an authorized representative of the Issuer in its best interests. 
It may be that even if a Material Event of Default has occurred, it may be cured or does not negatively 
affect the ability of the Lending Company and/or Servicer to comply with its obligations under the 
Cooperation Agreement, or there are other legitimate reasons why Mintos should not exercise the said 
rights, and thus none of the said rights are exercised. 
Term and termination 
The Cooperation Agreement continues until all liabilities of the Issuer, the Lending Company, the 
Servicer and Mintos according to its provisions are fully satisfied.  
Governing law 
The Cooperation Agreement and any non-contractual obligations arising out of, or in connection with, 
it is governed by and will be construed in accordance with the laws of the Republic of Latvia. 
▪ 
The Guarantee Agreement 
General 
 
Parties to the Guarantee Agreement (amended, restated and/or supplemented from time to time) are 
the Issuer, Mintos (hereinafter - Creditors) and the Guarantor all together hereinafter referred to as the 
Parties. 
According to the provisions of the Guarantee Agreement the Guarantor guarantees to the Creditors the 
performance of Lending Company’s obligations that may be incurred and arising from the Cooperation 
Agreement and all agreements on sale and purchase of the Loan Receivables according to the 
Cooperation Agreement (hereinafter - Principal Agreements), where from the Creditors monetary claims 
against the Lending Company arises and agrees to be held liable for the performance of the said 
obligations of the Lending Company to the extent agreed in the Guarantee Agreement, namely with all 
of the funds received from the Borrowers Loan Receivables against whom are transferred to the Issuer. 
Rights and obligations 
According to the provisions of the Guarantee Agreement the Guarantor undertakes before the Creditors 
the liability for the Lending Company’s outstanding obligations under the Principal Agreements with all 
of the funds received from the Borrowers Loan Receivables against whom are transferred to the Issuer.

--- Page 36 ---
35 
 
In the event that the Lending Company has not fulfilled its obligations on the payment date under the 
Principal Agreements, and the Creditors has requested a repayment from the Lending Company, and 
after such request indebtedness remains in place, the Guarantor after the receipt of written notification 
from the Mintos shall pay within 10 (ten) Business Days of receipt of such notice to the Mintos the whole 
amount of Lending Company’s outstanding obligations indicated in the respective written notice. 
The Guarantor ensures that the payment obligations assumed by the Guarantor under the Guarantee 
Agreement rank at least equally (pari passu) to other liabilities of the Guarantors and that position of 
the Creditors is not worsened against other creditors of the Guarantor neither in terms of payment 
priority, nor security. 
Representations and warranties 
The Guarantee Agreement contains several representations and warranties made by the Guarantor. 
The Guarantor has represented and warranted, including, but not limited to the following: 
(i) the representatives of the Guarantor have all rights, internal corporate approvals and powers for 
entering into the Guarantee Agreement; 
(ii) neither the signing and performance nor the compliance by the Guarantor with the provisions of the 
Guarantee Agreement shall conflict with or result in a breach or violation of any of the provisions of its 
articles of association, any agreement, licence, commitment or permit to which the Guarantor is a party 
or any judgement, order, injunction, decree or ruling of any court or governmental or local authority, to 
which the Guarantor is subject to. 
Indemnities and penalties 
Each Party shall indemnify the other Party against any and all losses suffered by or incurred by the 
other Party arising out of or resulting from a breach under the Guarantee Agreement or any 
representation given in the Guarantee Agreement not being true or correct in any material aspect. 
Term and termination 
The Guarantee Agreement continues to be valid and in legal force until all liabilities under the 
Cooperation Agreement are fully settled in accordance with its provisions. 
Governing law 
The Guarantee Agreement and any non-contractual obligations arising out of, or in connection with, it 
is governed by and shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the Republic of Latvia.  
▪ 
The Subordination Agreement 
General 
Parties to the Subordination Agreement (amended, restated and/or supplemented from time to time) 
are the Issuer, Mintos, and Sun Finance Treasure Limited who act as the junior creditor (hereinafter in 
this section - the Junior Creditor) and the Lending Company (hereinafter in this section - the Parties). 
According to the provisions of the Subordination Agreement the Parties agree to subordinate the 
repayment obligations of the Lending Company of the debt towards the Junior Creditor (hereinafter in 
this section - Junior Liabilities) under the loan agreements between the Junior Creditor and the Lending 
Company (hereinafter in this section - Corporate Loan Agreement) and to establish the outstanding 
loans under the Loan Agreement as the Junior Liabilities comparing to the obligations of the Lending

--- Page 37 ---
36 
 
Company towards the Issuer and Mintos under the Cooperation Agreement together with all liabilities 
arising from any refinancing, deferral or extension of any of the above-mentioned liabilities and any 
claim for damages or restitution or arising as a result of any recovery of a payment or recovery of 
discharge on the grounds of preference in respect of the above-mentioned liabilities (hereinafter in this 
section - Senior Liabilities) which shall be ranked senior to the Junior Liabilities at any time when 
adjusted equity ratio as set in the Cooperation Agreement (“Adjusted Equity ratio”) is not met. 
The Lending Company and the Junior Creditor undertake to amend the Corporate Loan Agreement and 
ensure that the Junior Liabilities shall become due and payable on the first business day occurring after 
the date on which all Senior Liabilities have been fully and irrevocably paid to Mintos and the Issuer 
and the Cooperation Agreement have terminated or after the Lending Company’s Adjusted Equity ratio 
is met and such payment will not result in a breach of the Adjusted Equity ratio or the date occurring in 
10 (ten) years after the repayment date under the Corporate Loan Agreement (whichever occurs 
earlier). 
Subordination Agreement define an amount of the outstanding loans subordinated thereof, certain 
obligations of Junior Creditor and the Lending Company, and sets certain conditions on the treating of 
the Senior Liabilities in any winding up, bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganisation, composition of debts or 
similar proceedings or arrangement commenced by or against the Lending Company. 
Rights and obligations 
The Lending Company and the Junior Creditor undertake to ensure that there is no breach of the 
provisions of the Subordination Agreements.  
Moreover, the Lending Company shall not unless the Adjusted Equity ratio is met, and after such 
payment by the Lending Company the Adjusted Equity ratio is met: 
a)  
repay or prepay any principal, or pay any default interest, contractual penalties, fees or 
commissions or other similar payments on, or by reference to, all or any of the Junior Liabilities; 
b)  
grant any security, guarantee or other assurance in respect of the Junior Liabilities; 
c)  
take any action or step related to the bankruptcy, liquidation or reorganisation of the Lending 
Company, or any action or step which might lead to termination or adversely affect the subordination 
under the Subordination Agreement; 
d)  
exercise any set-off in relation to the Junior Liabilities. 
The Junior Creditor shall not assign or otherwise transfer claims arising out of the Corporate Loan 
Agreement, and the Lending Company and the Junior Creditor shall not make any amendments and 
not enter into any additional agreement related to the Corporate Loan Agreement, except for the 
changes of the interest rate, without a prior written consent Mintos. 
The Junior Creditor shall not without the prior written consent of Mintos unless the Adjusted Equity ratio 
is met and any of the following actions by the Junior Creditor will not result in a breach of the Adjusted 
Equity ratio: 
a)  
receive any principal repayments made by the Lending Company in relation to the Junior 
Liabilities; 
b)  
demand or accept any security, guarantee or any other assurance in relation to the Junior 
Liabilities, or assign or otherwise dispose any of its rights against the Lending Company in relation to 
the Junior Liabilities;

--- Page 38 ---
37 
 
c)  
take any action or step related to i) commence any proceeding or actions against the Lending 
Company in relation to the Junior Liabilities; ii) to the bankruptcy, liquidation or reorganisation of the 
Lending Company; iii) or any action or step which might lead to termination or adversely affect the 
subordination under the Subordination Agreement; 
d)  
exercise any set-off in relation to the Junior Liabilities. 
Under the terms of the Subordination Agreement, if any payment or other kinds of performance of an 
obligation, which is made by the Lending Company to an affiliate of the Junior Creditor shall be deemed 
as a payment or other performance made in order to discharge Junior Liabilities unless the Lending 
Company or the Junior Creditor proves otherwise. 
Unless the Adjusted Equity ratio is met and after any payment made as described further remains as 
met, if the Junior Creditor has received the payments towards the settlement of the Junior Liabilities 
prior to the Lending Company having fulfilled all of its liabilities towards Mintos and the Issuer, the Junior 
Creditor shall immediately notify Mintos of such fact and transfer the respective amount in 7 days from 
the date of the respective Mintos notice. 
Liability 
For breach of certain provisions of the Subordination Agreement, the violating party pays to Mintos a 
contractual penalty in the amount established under the Subordination Agreement. If the provisions of 
the Subordination Agreement are breached by both the Lending Company and the Junior Creditor they 
shall be both jointly and severally liable for the breach and payment of the penalty. The penalty shall be 
paid in 5 (five) Business Days. 
Mintos shall not be liable for any losses arising in connection with the exercise or purported exercise of 
any of their rights, power and discretion under or related to the Subordination Agreement except for any 
losses arising due to gross negligence or their wilful misconduct. 
Term and termination 
The Subordination Agreement commence on the signing of the Subordination Agreements by the 
Parties and are in full force and effect until the Lending Company has fulfilled the liabilities arising from 
the Cooperation Agreement in full. 
Governing law 
The Subordination Agreement and any non-contractual obligations arising out of, or in connection with, 
governed by and shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the Republic of Latvia.

--- Page 39 ---
38 
 
5. 
THE ISSUER 
o 
General 
The Issuer is a special purpose undertaking established for the sole purpose of issuing and offering 
Notes to Investors on the Platform, which are backed by the Loan Receivables acquired from the 
Lending Company. The Issuer does not take part in any other business activities.  
The Issuer is incorporated as a limited liability company and registered in the Commercial Register of 
the Enterprise Register of the Republic of Latvia on 26 April 2022 under the name SIA Mintos Finance 
No.30 with registration number 40203395795. It operates under the laws of the Republic of Latvia and 
has its registered office at Skanstes street 52, Riga, LV-1013, Latvia. The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) 
of the Issuer is: 98450057BYCECE0BRE39. 
The registered share capital of the Issuer is EUR 2800 consisting of 2800 shares each having a nominal 
value of EUR 1. Each share is entitled to one vote. The sole shareholder of the Issuer is SIA Mintos 
Capital Management, registration No 40203178505.  
 
The Issuer has no subsidiaries and does not own any shares or equity. The Issuer is managed by the 
Management Board, the members being appointed by the sole shareholder of the Issuer. 
Title 
Name 
Other roles 
Chairman of the 
Management Board 
Martins Sulte 
Chairman of the Management Board of AS Mintos 
Holdings, SIA Mintos Capital Management and Mintos 
Member of the 
Management Board 
Martins Valters 
Member of the Management Board of AS Mintos 
Holdings, SIA Mintos Capital Management and Mintos 
For so long as the Notes of any Series remain outstanding or Notes may be issued under the 
Programme, the current articles of association (Statutes) of the Issuer can be accessed on 
www.mintos.com.

--- Page 40 ---
39 
 
o 
Activities 
The activities of the Issuer are as follows: 
● 
issue and publicly offer Notes to the Investors, including preparation, submission to the FCMC 
and publication on the Platform of this Base Prospectus; 
 
● 
purchases of Loan Receivable from the Lending Company arising from the Loans issued to 
Borrowers; 
 
● 
payments under the Notes through Mintos, subject to receiving relevant funds from the Lending 
Company; and 
 
● 
publication of financial and other information to Investors in accordance with applicable law. 
o 
Financial information 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has not commenced any operations, and accordingly, 
no financial statements have been prepared. The financial statements will be prepared in accordance 
with the Latvian Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP). 
For accounting purposes, Loan Receivables are classified as a pass-through of a financial asset under 
International Financial Reporting Standard (IFRS) 9 3.2.5. 
The appointed auditors of the Issuer for the financial year 2022 are "KPMG Baltics SIA", registered in 
the Republic of Latvia on 16 December 1994 with registration number 40003235171. 
o 
Authorisation 
The establishment of this Programme and the issue of Notes have been duly authorised by decisions 
of the sole shareholder of the Issuer on 08.08.2022.  
o 
Significant or material change 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, there has been no significant or material change in the financial 
position of the Issuer since the date of incorporation of the Issuer.  
o 
Litigation 
The Issuer (whether as a defendant or otherwise) is not and has not been involved in any governmental, 
legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of 
which the Issuer is aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus which may 
have, or have in such period had, a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer.

--- Page 41 ---
40 
 
6. 
MINTOS 
Mintos, under the name AS Mintos Marketplace, was registered as a joint-stock company on 1 June 
2015 in the Commercial Register, Enterprises Register of the Republic of Latvia with the unified 
registration number 40103903643.  
All the shares in Mintos are held by AS Mintos Holdings. 
Mintos has been authorised as an investment firm by the FCMC on 17 August 2021 to provide following 
investment services and ancillary services: 
● 
execution of orders on behalf of clients; 
● 
dealing on own account; 
● 
portfolio management; 
● 
investment advice; 
● 
placing of financial instruments without a firm commitment basis; 
● 
holding of financial instruments; 
● 
currency exchange services, if they are related to the provision of investment services; 
● 
providing investment research, financial analysis or other general advice regarding transactions 
in financial instruments; and 
● 
provision of services related to the initial placement of financial instruments. 
Mintos provides services in Latvia. Mintos has not commenced provision of services in other countries 
as of the date of this Base Prospectus, but may do so during the validity period of this Base Prospectus 
Cash funds of Investors are held by Mintos with one of the partner banks including AS LHV Pank 
(Estonia) and SE Baltic International Bank (Latvia). 
Mintos owns and operates the Platform which is the technical infrastructure through which (a) the 
Lending Company sells Loan Receivables to the Issuer, (b) the Issuer offers and sells Notes to Investors 
and (c) information exchange and money flows occur between Investors, the Issuer and the Lending 
Company. 
o 
Key activities performed by Mintos with respect to Notes are as follows: 
● 
Opens and services Investment Accounts for investors and (a) carries out anti-money 
laundering, combating the financing of terrorism and know your client policies and procedures, 
(b) carries out appropriateness and suitability tests, (c) responsible for compliance with product 
governance requirements and (d) informs Investors regarding the risks inherent in the products 
and services depending on the status of the Investor. 
● 
Prepares this Base Prospectus and engages lawyers and other advisors and submits it to the 
FCMC for approval. 
● 
Operates the Platform for (a) Investors to acquire Notes, exchange currencies related to 
investment services and transactions with Notes and receive automated portfolio management

--- Page 42 ---
41 
 
services and (b) the Issuer and the Lending Company to transfer title in the Loan Receivables 
and exchange information in relation to the Loan Receivables. 
● 
Acts as an assignment, placement, calculation, transfer and paying agent for the Notes 
including (a) transfer of funds to the Issuer following placement of Notes, (b) settlement of 
payments due between the Issuer and the Lending Company, (c) payments to the Investment 
Accounts, (d) provides information regarding Investors to the Issuer to calculate any withholding 
taxes on payments and (e) provides information on Payment Events through API from the 
Lending Company. 
● 
Maintains the register of Noteholders. 
● 
Complies with the Transaction Documents including monitoring of compliance of the Lending 
Company with the covenants and other provisions of the Transaction Documents. See the 
section entitled ‘4. TRANSACTION OVERVIEW – TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS’ of this Base 
Prospectus for more information. 
● 
Prepares and submits reports for legal and regulatory purposes to the FCMC, the Latvian State 
Revenue Service and others.

--- Page 43 ---
42 
 
7. 
THE LENDING COMPANY 
o 
Business overview 
The Lending Company is a short-term loan provider based in Poland, incorporated on December 27, 
2016, that operates under the laws of the Republic of Poland as a limited liability company. The Lending 
Company is registered with the Register of enterprises of Poland under No. 366164896 and was added 
to the Register of Lending Companies kept by the Polish Financial Supervision Authority Lending under 
ID RIP000050. The Lending Company has its registered office at Warszawa at ul. Postępu 18B 02-676 
Warsaw. 
 
The Lending Company has been operating since the end of 2016 and has become one of the leading 
short term consumer loan providers in the Polish market under the Kuki.pl brand. It has steadily 
increased its loan issuance levels since it was established by continuously improving its underwriting 
policies and customer service. 
 
The Lending Company is a part of Sun Finance Group. 
 
o 
Business strategy description 
 
The business strategy of the Lending Company is defined at the level of Sun Finance Group, which is 
based on several foundations in order to achieve the best possible results. Sustainable growth, 
strengthening market positions (by improving internal processes and developing technologies), as well 
as improving/developing the product are the main pillars of the strategy. Below is the business strategy 
set at Sun Finance Group level. 
 
Sun Finance Group was founded by the current management team in 2017 and is one of the fastest-
growing online consumer lending businesses headquartered in Europe. Sun Finance Group’s data-
driven approach has allowed it to build a well-performing portfolio. Sun Finance Group uses the latest 
technologies to ensure instant customer credit scoring and provides convenient, simple and transparent 
financing to its customers. It currently offers loans with a short-term of up to 30 days, an open-end line 
of credit and instalment loans via websites and selected offline channels. In addition, Sun Finance 
Group has recently introduced an instalment loan product in selected markets with plans to further 
expand this business segment. 
 
Sun Finance Group has currently established operating entities in 7 countries: Denmark, Poland, 
Kazakhstan, Latvia, Mexico, Sweden and Vietnam and has plans to further expand its geographic 
footprint in the near term.  
 
Sun Finance Group’s strategy is based on the following foundations:  
 
I. 
sustainable growth – Sun Finance Group aims to achieve continued growth in existing and new 
markets; 
 
II. 
strengthening the foundation – to strengthen Sun Finance Group’s already established market 
position, it plans further investments in IT systems, marketing, data science and customer service; 
 
III. 
leveraging on technology – continued investments in technology to provide best possible 
products to the customers and continue integrating the technologies into different business areas, such 
as digital marketing, anti-fraud, anti-money laundering, risk tools and payments systems;  
 
IV. 
product roll-out – Sun Finance Group plans to develop new product offerings in existing and 
new markets, such as the recently introduced instalment loan product.

--- Page 44 ---
43 
 
 
V. 
geographic expansion and diversification – Sun Finance Group continues to monitor business 
development opportunities in new countries, to maintain sufficient level of diversification of its loan 
portfolio;  
 
VI. 
balanced capital structure – Sun Finance Group aims to have access to diversified and efficient 
sources of funding.  
 
o 
Loans 
The Borrowers can apply for a loan from PLN (Polish złoty) 500 to PLN (Polish złoty) 15 000 (new 
customers max loan amount is PLN (Polish złoty) 5 000 which can be gradually increased depending 
on the Lending Company’s underwriting policy) by filling an online application form on the Lending 
Company’s webpage. Maximum term of the loan is 30 days. The Loan is disbursed to the Borrower's 
bank account via the Servicer (the Servicer does not disburse loans in cash and does not provide any 
point of sales services).  
o 
Financial information 
Lending Company's financial statements were prepared in PLN (Polish złoty) in accordance with the 
Polish Accounting Act. The latest available historical financial information of the Lending Company is 
available on Mintos website: 
Audited financials 2020 (Copy of a translation from the Polish language) 
Auditor's issued unqualified opinion with the following explanation: 
Explanation - Going concern uncertainty (Emphasis of Matter): 
“Please note that in the financial year ended 31 December 2020 the Company incurred a loss in the 
amount of PLN 127,046.16 and that as at 31 December 2020 equity presented a negative value of PLN 
192,649.21. As disclosed in note 46, the above conditions, together with other information described in 
that note, may indicate a potential limitation of the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. 
However, on 5 March 2021, the Company received a letter from AS Sun Finance Group, the senior 
parent company, providing financial support for a period of 12 months from the balance sheet date, i.e. 
at least until 31 December 2021. Accordingly, the financial statements for the year ended 31 December 
2020 have been prepared on the assumption that the Company will continue as a going concern for at 
least 12 months from the balance sheet date. Due to the fact that accumulated losses from previous 
years exceed the amount constituting the sum of supplementary capital and reserve capital and half of 
the share capital, in accordance with Article 233 of the Commercial Companies Code, the Management 
Board of the Company is required to immediately convene the General Meeting of Shareholders in 
order to adopt a resolution on further existence of the Company. As at the date of this opinion, an 
appropriate resolution has not been adopted. Our opinion does not contain an objection to this case.” 
Audited financials 2021 (Copy of a translation from the Polish language) 
Auditor's issued unqualified opinion with the following explanation: 
Explanation with attention - events after the end of the reporting period (Emphasis of Matter): 
“We draw your attention to Note 38 of the notes to the financial statements, in which the Company's 
Management Board referred to the issue of the Russian invasion of Ukraine in February 2022 and its 
impact on the Company's operations. In the opinion of the Company's Board of Directors, at the time of

--- Page 45 ---
44 
 
preparing the financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2021, the aforementioned issue 
does not affect the Company's operations, does not threaten the Company's going concern, and 
therefore does not necessitate any adjustments to the financial statements. Our opinion is not modified 
with respect to this matter.” 
o 
Auditors 
The statutory auditors of the audited financial statements as of and for the financial years ended 31 
December 2021 and 31 December 2020 was TPA Sp. z o.o. Sp. k. (Baker Tilly), incorporated under the 
laws of Poland, having its registered office at ul. Młyńska 12, 61-730 Poznań, Poland, REGON number: 
300184858, NIP number: 7781432033. 
o 
Litigation 
The Lending Company (whether as a defendant or otherwise) is not and has not been involved in any 
governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or 
threatened of which the Lending Company is aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of this Base 
Prospectus which may have, or have in such period had, a significant effect on the financial position or 
profitability of the Lending Company. 
o 
Loans issuance process 
The Loan issuance process consists of following steps: 
1. Calculator – customer chooses a desired loan amount. 
2. Registration form (after which customer’s profile is created) - customer provides his or her name, 
surname, social security number, ID number, and other required information. 
3. Identification process – the customer makes 1 grosz (cent) transfer to a designated bank account. 
4. Decision - approval (approved amount can change from desired amount) or rejection. If rejected - 
the customer is informed on website and SMS, while if approved - then the customer gets an SMS and 
email with agreement and terms. Funds are transferred to the customer's account within a few minutes 
using an instant payment method. 
For repeated customers the process is simpler: customer is logging into his or her profile, selects 
desired amount, confirms it and receives the decision.  
During the loan term, the customer is notified with reminders before the due date via different channels 
(email, SMS, service call for segmented customer groups) to make sure that the customer is aware of 
upcoming due date and extension or repayment possibilities. Communication is triggered by specific 
events in the system. 
The Loans issuance is done via Servicer. Please refer to the text in Section 8. SERVICER of this Base 
Prospectus. 
o 
Administrative, management and supervisory bodies 
Below you can find the main administrative, managerial and supervisory positions.

--- Page 46 ---
45 
 
Name 
Position / function (date 
since) 
Education and business experience summary 
Paweł 
Michał 
Strzałkowski      
President of Management 
Board (2017) 
Mr Strzałkowski graduated Law Faculty at Maria 
Curie-Skłodowska University and holds a title of an 
attorney in law. He has wide experience in 
commercial law including investment processes, with 
particular emphasis on the aspects of company 
formation and capital group issues, including tax law. 
He participated and supervised many projects related 
to the implementation of innovative legal and financial 
solutions and the restructuring of business entities. 
o 
Shareholders 
100% of the Lending Company’s shares are held by Panamerican Limited. The share capital of the 
Lending Company is PLN 200 000 and is divided into shares with 1 voting right per one share. The 
capital is fully paid up and all shares grant the same rights to the shareholders of the Lending Company. 
 
Shareholders 
Name 
Share % 
Registration no. 
Form of control 
Domicile 
Panamerican      Limited 
100% 
C79773      
Direct shareholder 
Malta

--- Page 47 ---
46 
 
8. 
THE SERVICER 
o 
Business overview 
To efficiently organize the process of consumer lending and servicing the corresponding Loans and to 
reach the widest possible range of customers with its loan offer, the Lending Company has outsourced 
the processes related to finding interested parties in obtaining short-term consumer loans, namely - the 
Servicer. 
 
The Servicer provides credit intermediation services to the benefit of the Lending Company and to the 
extent specified in Loan Agreements and a service agreement concluded between the Servicer and the 
Lending Company. 
 
Main duties of the Servicer as per the service agreement concluded between the Servicer and the 
Lending Company include communication with the Borrowers, granting of loans on behalf of the Lending 
Company, transferring to the Lending Company the funds resulting from the repayments of the Loans 
made by the Borrowers, doing in-house debt collection. 
 
o 
Financial information 
The latest available audited historical financial information of the Servicer is below. The audited financial 
statements of the Servicer have been prepared in accordance with Polish accounting standards in PLN 
(Polish zloty). 
Audited financials 2020 (Copy of a translation from the Polish language) 
Auditor's report for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 was issued with the following 
explanation: 
Explanation - Going concern uncertainty (Emphasis of Matter): 
“We note that as at 31 December 2020, the Company has current liabilities in excess of current assets 
in the balance sheet by PLN 6,522,877.05. As disclosed in note 46, these conditions together with other 
information described in that note may indicate a potential limitation on the Company's ability to continue 
as a going concern. However, the Company recognises in its balance sheet as at 31 December 2020 
a long-term investment in respect of a loan to Sun Finance Treasury Limited in the amount of PLN 
20,582,008.00 repayable on 15 December 2023. Under the loan agreement, however, the Company 
has the right on demand to require the borrower to repay the entire debt within 3 months of the reported 
demand for repayment, thus securing the funds. Accordingly, the financial statements for the year 
ended 31 December 2020 have been prepared on the assumption that the Company will continue in 
business for at least 12 months from the balance sheet date. Our opinion does not contain an objection 
to this case.” 
Audited financials 2021 (Copy of a translation from the Polish language) 
Auditor's report for the financial year ended 31 December 2021 was issued with the following 
explanations: 
Explanation with attention - uncertainty as to going concern (Emphasis of Matter): 
“We draw attention to the fact that as at 31 December 2021 the Company disclosed in its balance sheet 
current liabilities exceeding current assets by PLN 1,001,429.68. As disclosed in note 46 of the notes 
to the financial statements, the above conditions, together with other information described in this note,

--- Page 48 ---
47 
 
may indicate a potential limitation of the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. However, 
the Company recognises in its balance sheet as at 31 December 2021 a long-term investment in respect 
of a loan to Sun Finance Treasury Limited in the amount of PLN 2,352,274.45, repayable on 15 
December 2023. Under the loan agreement, however, the Company has the right on demand to require 
the borrower to repay the entire debt within 3 months of the reported demand for repayment, thus 
securing the funds. Accordingly, the financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 have 
been prepared on the assumption that the Company will continue in business for at least 12 months 
from the balance sheet date. Our opinion is unqualified in respect of this matter.”  
Explanation with attention - events after the reporting period (Emphasis of Matter):  
“We draw attention to note 38 of the notes to the financial statements in which the Company's 
management has referred to the issue of the Russian invasion of Ukraine in February 2022 and its 
impact on the Company's operations. In the opinion of the Board of Directors of the Company, at the 
time of preparing the financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021, the aforementioned 
issue has no impact on the Company's operations, does not threaten the Company's going concern, 
and therefore does not require any adjustments to be recognised in the financial statements. Our 
opinion is not modified in respect of this matter.” 
o 
Auditors 
The statutory auditors of the audited financial statements as of and for the financial years ended 31 
December 2021 and 31 December 2020 was TPA Sp. z o.o. Sp. k. (Baker Tilly), incorporated under the 
laws of Poland, having its registered office at ul. Młyńska 12, 61-730 Poznań, Poland, REGON number: 
300184858, NIP number: 7781432033. 
o 
Litigation 
The Servicer (whether as a defendant or otherwise) is not and has not been involved in any 
governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or 
threatened of which the Servicer is aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus 
which may have, or have in such period had, a significant effect on the financial position or profitability 
of the Servicer. 
o 
Loans underwriting 
The Lending Company holds the know-how of the Loan underwriting process while the underwriting 
itself is done by the Servicer. 
The credit risk underwriting process is divided into seven phases and has separate credit risk 
underwriting strategies for new, first returning, and repeated customers.  
The process includes the following steps:  
1. 
customer registration and loan application; 
2. 
customer identification; 
3. 
Anti Money Laundering (AML) and Politically Exposed Person (PEP) screening; 
4. 
fraud check; 
5. 
credit check;

--- Page 49 ---
48 
 
6. 
credit scoring and data science models check; 
7. 
loan agreements signing. 
The Servicer has a fully automated credit risk underwriting process using Risk IT systems which are 
connected with external traditional (such as credit bureaus) and alternative data sources and paired 
with lending analytics platforms.  
The lending processes require minor manual inputs only in cases when loan application is being flagged 
as suspicious by AML and PEP screening system, when customer is considered to be high-risk profile 
customer. 
First, the Servicer checks customer eligibility to apply for a loan for the new customers. It proceeds to 
the customer identification phase for new customers who are eligible to register. Their world-class AML 
and PEP screening system is run as the third phase after customer identification. If there is a hit against 
any AML or PEP lists, the Servicer stops the loan issuance process, the assigned responsible person 
together with AML officer manually checks and makes the decision to either allow the application to 
proceed further the process flow or to outright reject application. Fourth phase of credit risk underwriting 
strategy is fully automatized fraud check using internally developed solutions in synergy with cutting 
edge global fraud checking systems. The Servicer performs credit bureau data source checks for those 
customers who have passed previous checks. 
After data collection, Risk IT scoring systems run state-of-the-art technology-based customer scoring 
models as a last phase of the credit risk underwriting process. Risk IT system approves the loan if the 
credit score is an acceptable level. After loan approval the system generates a loan agreement and 
pays the loan out. 
The process flow diagram that describes the process outlined above: 
 
Repeated customer loan issuance process is very similar to the new customer loan issuance process. 
Instead of an identification step, the customer is checked for previous delinquencies and credit history 
within the product. Internal credit information between both products is checked for each new and 
repeated customer.

--- Page 50 ---
49 
 
o 
Loans issuance and disbursement 
The Loan is disbursed with instant payment to the Borrower’s bank account after the Loan approval 
decision was taken. 
o 
Debt recovery management 
The Lending Company has established an efficient and effective debt collection process while it is run 
by the Servicer. There is a dedicated team that follows debt collection practices that are fully compliant 
with local regulations. The Servicer uses the following debt collection methods: 
(i) In-house debt collection 
The Servicer's philosophy is to strive for successful debt collection by having a dialogue with the 
customers to help them to find the best way to repay their loans and to become the company’s long-
term customer. Substantial part of collections is driven by customer invoicing and billing process. These 
processes are fully automated. The Servicer's debt collection system and the relevant customer’s credit 
history are automatically updated once the customer fully repays the loan.  
The Servicer's debt collection processes start already before the payment due date. To reduce the 
volume of potentially delayed payments, the company has established an extensive communication 
workflow in regard to communication with customers before and after loan repayment due date.  
The Servicer usually handles delayed payments in-house up to 30-60 days after the Maturity Date, but 
this practice may differ due to the specifics of each market.  
 
During the collection process the company uses automated notifications via text message, e-mail, voice 
message and also letters by post to declared and actual places of residence. In the final steps of in-
house debt collection, the company warns customers of next steps, such as e-court, external collection, 
debt sale and other actions that may cause their expenses to grow. 
Additionally, the Servicer uses debt collection scoring to segment its customers and apply the most 
appropriate and effective approach to each target group. The company is constantly improving its 
processes by measuring the best times and days for reaching the customer, creating the most effective 
communication content, and reviewing all related process steps.  
(ii) Outsourced debt collection 
As soon as the in-house debt collection process has been completed and the Servicer evaluates that 
there still is potential for collection, it proceeds with the next debt collection steps. In those cases when 
the potential recovery from debt sale is not economically beneficial, the company outsources debt 
collection activities to a wide range of well-known debt collection agencies that the Servicer considers 
its international partners. The Servicer organises training with partners and activity assessments on a 
regular basis to ensure the customers are informed correctly about the product, serviced professionally 
and appropriately. 
The Servicer's decision on the next steps for the debt recovery are dependent on the assessment of 
costs that will be incurred in the process, market situation, portfolio quality, estimate of the potential 
outcome and the time involved. 
The process of outsourcing collection activities is part of the company’s debt collection policy. The 
Servicer chooses its partners thoughtfully, based on the following principles: good reputation, best price, 
required support actions, automated solution of data exchange and safety.

--- Page 51 ---
50 
 
The Servicer has regular meetings with its partners, closely monitors their results and changes the 
partners in case of weak performance.  
(iii) Debt sale 
After the in-house debt collection process, the Servicer strives to establish a debt sale process on a 
regular basis to ensure immediate and predictable cash inflows from bad debts. 
o 
Administrative, management and supervisory bodies 
The following table shows the main administrative, managerial, and supervisory positions of the 
Servicer. 
Name 
Position / function (date 
since) 
Education and business experience 
summary 
Magdalena Grabowska 
Management 
Board 
Member, CEO 
Ms. Grabowska graduated in International 
Finances and Banking at the Economics 
Faculty 
and 
Faculty 
of 
Law 
and 
Administration 
at 
Gdańsk 
University. 
Additionally, she has graduated European 
School at Gdańsk University of Technology 
and School of American Law at Chicago-Kent 
College of Law. Ms. Grabowska holds the title 
of Polish Certified Auditor. She has seven 
years of experience in the financial audit 
departments of KPMG and Deloitte, where 
she has been involved in many projects, 
including statutory and group audits under 
Polish GAAP and IFRS, mergers and 
acquisitions, IPO projects, regulatory audits 
Since 2015, she has been involved in the 
Lendtech industry, first as CEO of a lending 
company and later as CEO of financial 
intermediary Fincapital, a service provider for 
Lendtech companies. 
o 
Shareholders 
100% of the Servicer's issued shares are held by SIA Fincap. The share capital of the Servicer is PLN 
(Polish złoty) 5 000 divided into 100 shares, all of which are fully paid. Each share is entitled to one 
vote. The following table shows the Servicer's shareholders. 
 
Shareholders 
Name 
Share % 
Registration 
no. 
Form of control 
Domicile 
SIA Fincap 
100% 
40203024662 
Direct shareholder Latvia

--- Page 52 ---
51 
 
9. 
THE LOANS 
o 
Legal nature, jurisdiction and the applicable law of the Loans  
The Loans are consumer loans made under the Loan Agreement.  
In order to be eligible for the Loan and as a requirement for entering into the Loan Agreement, the 
Borrower must create the personal profile on the website www.kuki.pl, and make a one-off transfer of 
the registration fee amounting to PLN 0.01 from the Borrower’s bank account to the Lending Company’s 
bank account or to use alternative mean of automatic bank account verification.  
Granting of the Loan depends on the Lending Company's assessment of the Loan application submitted 
by the Borrower under which the Borrower specifies the amount of the requested Loan and the Loan 
period, and the Borrower's creditworthiness. The Lending Company directly or through intermediary of 
the Servicer makes a bank transfer to the Borrower's bank account after the conclusion of the Loan 
Agreement.  
The Borrower is obliged to pay to the Lending Company the following payments in line with the Loan 
repayment deadline which is established by the repayment schedules to the Loan Agreement: the 
amount of the Loan, interest (if any), and a commission (a cost connected with preparing, granting and 
disbursing the Loan). 
The Lending Company may apply the promotional (discounted) conditions for the Loan whereas the 
Borrower may be fully or partially exempted from the payment of the interest and the commission, as 
well as the Lending Company may propose the Loan for another period.   
In case of delay by the Borrower with the repayment of the Loan, the Lending Company is entitled to 
accrue interest on late payment amounting to a double total of the reference rate of the National Bank 
of Poland and 5.5%. 
The Borrower is entitled to terminate the Loan Agreement in 14 days from the date of its conclusion by 
submitting the respective notice to the Lending Company and repayment of the Loan together with the 
interest (if any) within 30 days from the date of the notice. If the Borrower fails to pay the amounts in a 
30 day period, the Lending Company shall be entitled to charge the late payment interest. In the event 
of withdrawal by the Borrower from the Loan Agreement, the Lending Company shall not be entitled to 
any other fees or costs. 
The Borrower and the Lending Company are entitled to terminate the Loan Agreement by 1 month and 
2 months’ notice respectively. As well as that, the Lending Company is entitled to terminate the Loan 
Agreement if the Borrower fails to fulfil its obligations or due to negative assessment of the Borrower's 
creditworthiness.   
The Loan Agreement is subject to the amendment and/or variation from time to time as provided in the 
section entitled ‘4. TRANSACTION OVERVIEW – THE TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS – Extensions’ 
of this Base Prospectus. 
The Loan Agreement is in the Polish language. The Lending Company has provided an English 
translation of the Loan Agreement for informational purposes at www.mintos.com. Any discrepancy or 
difference due to the translation is not binding and has no legal effect. Neither the Issuer nor Mintos 
bears any responsibility for the accuracy of the English translation from the Loan Agreement in the 
Polish language. 
The Loan Agreement is governed by the laws and regulations of the Republic of Poland.

--- Page 53 ---
52 
 
o 
Repayment and maturity 
Under the Loan Agreement, the Borrower repays to the Lending Company the amount of the Loan, 
interest (if any), and commission (a cost connected with preparing, granting and disbursing the Loan) 
in line with the repayment schedule Specific amounts of the payments and the deadlines are established 
by the repayment schedule to the Loan Agreement. The annual percentage rate (APR) ranges from 0% 
to 2116%. The term is 30 days. 
The Borrower repays the Loan together with the applicable interest (if any) and other fees either to the 
Lending Company's bank account or to the bank account of the Servicer indicated by the Lending 
Company. 
As prescribed by the Loan Agreement, the maximum amount of the interest and late payment interest 
may be changed. In the event of increase in the interest, the Lending Company is entitled to charge an 
updated amount of maximum interest by notifying the Borrower on a durable medium. 
The Lending Company is entitled to unilaterally amend the provisions of the Loan Agreement, as a 
result of modification or introducing new commonly effective legal regulations or issuing by authorised 
state bodies recommendations or interpretations of the manner of applying these provisions – to the 
extent in which the Lending Company is obliged to introduce or apply them for the correct execution of 
the Agreement. 
The Borrower is entitled to repay the Loan early in full or in part prior to the deadline without any 
additional fee. 
The Lending Company provides for the possibility of extending the Loan repayment date on the terms 
selected and accepted by the Borrower. The Lending Company will inform the Borrower about the 
extension of the Loan repayment date in an email.   
o 
Economic environment in Poland 
The well-diversified Polish economy has proven to be one of the most resilient in the European Union 
(EU), with a 2.7 percent contraction in GDP in 2020, the first output contraction since 1991.  
 
The economic recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic was swifter than expected, with output expanding 
by 5 percent in the first half of 2021. The well-diversified economy, exceptional fiscal stimulus, and 
accommodative monetary policy helped contain the impact of the crisis. Pent-up demand, strong 
income growth in the context of the labour market recovery, and family support measures fueled a 6.3 
percent growth in household consumption in the first half of the year, with a strong demand for durable 
goods. Investment recovery is lagging, however.  
 
Economic growth is expected to remain above potential in 2022, with output expanding by more than 
4.5 percent and the output gap widening. A levelling of demand in the euro area will slow export growth, 
while improved confidence and investment execution, including through the National Recovery and 
Resilience Plan (NRRP), will support growth. Domestic demand will be supported by the proposed 
“Polish Deal,” a new socioeconomic program for 2021–30. 
 
o 
General description of the Borrowers 
The Lending Company’s customers are 47% female and 53% male, mostly aged between 24 and 50. 
They are responsible, technology-savvy people in the middle salary level in Poland that have a need 
for minor funding.

--- Page 54 ---
53 
 
Customers are accustomed to buying services online. They value easy access to services on mobile 
devices and appreciate the immediate loan response and application handling. The target audience 
demands more flexible loan solutions to complement services from their main bank/credit card provider. 
The Lending Company’s product is often used to bridge a sudden expenditure or to pay unexpected 
bills. 
o 
Loan portfolio data 
As of 31 December 2021, the Lending Company’s total portfolio of gross receivables was EUR 12.3 
million. Below is the section of Payday loans portfolio in terms of Days Past Due (DPD). 
Payday loans portfolio breakdown by DPD: 
Days Past 
Due 
2020Q3 
2020Q4 
2021Q1 
2021Q2 
2021Q3 
2021Q4 
Current 
79.3% 
81.5% 
79.1% 
79.6% 
79.3% 
79.3% 
1-30 days 
15.4% 
12.1% 
13.6% 
13.6% 
15.4% 
14.8% 
31-60 days 
4.6% 
3.9% 
4.1% 
3.6% 
4.6% 
5.0% 
61-90 days 
0.0% 
0.1% 
0.2% 
0.1% 
0.0% 
0.1% 
91-120 days 
0.0% 
0.1% 
0.3% 
0.1% 
0.0% 
0.1% 
121-150 days 
0.0% 
0.1% 
0.2% 
0.2% 
0.0% 
0.1% 
151-180 days 
0.0% 
0.0% 
0.1% 
0.2% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
>180 days 
0.6% 
2.2% 
2.5% 
2.7% 
0.6% 
0.6%

--- Page 55 ---
54 
 
10. 
THE GUARANTOR 
The Guarantor in accordance with the Guarantee Agreement guarantees the Lending 
Company’s obligations towards the Issuer. The Guarantor is not guaranteeing the Issuer's 
obligations towards the Investors.  
See the section entitled ‘4. TRANSACTION OVERVIEW – THE TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS – 
The Guarantee Agreement’ of this Base Prospectus for more information on the Guarantee 
Agreement. 
o 
Business overview 
To efficiently organise the consumer lending and corresponding loan servicing process and reach the 
widest possible range of customers with its loan offer, the Lending Company has outsourced the 
processes related to finding individuals interested in obtaining short-term consumer loans to an external 
entity, namely the Servicer (Guarantor). 
 
The Servicer provides credit intermediation services to the benefit of the Lending Company and to the 
extent specified in Loan Agreements and a service agreement concluded between the Servicer and the 
Lending Company. 
 
Main duties of the Servicer as per the service agreement concluded between the Servicer and the 
Lending Company include communication with borrowers, granting of loans on behalf of the Lending 
Company, transferring to the Lending Company the funds resulting from the repayments of loans made 
by the Borrowers, doing in-house debt collection. 
 
o 
Business strategy description 
The Guarantor's business strategy is defined as a number of foundations for achieving the best results. 
The Guarantor's main objectives are to improve customer service for lending companies by developing 
and improving existing technologies and service delivery solutions, as well as maintaining sustainable 
growth by reducing the carbon footprint and increasing cost-effectiveness. 
o 
Key financial information regarding the Guarantor 
The tables below present key selected audited financial information for the Guarantor as at and for the 
financial years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021. The audited financial statements of 
the Guarantor have been prepared in accordance with Polish accounting standards. The selected 
financial positions presented below were exchanged from PLN (Polish zloty) to EUR (Euro) according 
to the official ECB (European Central Bank) exchange rate as of the end of corresponding year. 
Selected statement of comprehensive income data of the Guarantor  
 
2021 (Audited) 
2020 (Audited) 
Total comprehensive income (in million 
euros) 
0.24 
2.81 
Selected statement of financial position data of the Guarantor 
 
2021 (Audited) 
2020 (Audited) 
Net financial debt (in million euros) 
1.47 
2.53

--- Page 56 ---
55 
 
Current ratio 
0.93 
0.52 
Debt to equity ratio 
12.70 
1.14 
Interest cover ratio 
109.72 
294.04 
Selected statement of cash flows data of the Guarantor 
 
   2021 (Audited)  
2020 (Audited) 
Net cash flows from operating activities (in 
million euros) 
-0.25 
4.96 
Net cash flows from financing activities (in 
million euros) 
-0.04 
-0.43 
Net cash flows from investing activities (in 
million euros) 
1.40 
-4.41 
Full historical financial information and the audit reports for the years 2020-2021 are available below. 
The audited financial statements of the Guarantor have been prepared in accordance with Polish 
accounting standards in PLN (Polish zloty). 
Audited financials 2020 (Copy of a translation from the Polish language) 
Auditor's report for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 was issued with the following 
explanation: 
Explanation - Going concern uncertainty (Emphasis of Matter):  
“We note that as at 31 December 2020, the Company has current liabilities in excess of current assets 
in the balance sheet by PLN 6,522,877.05. As disclosed in note 46, these conditions together with other 
information described in that note may indicate a potential limitation on the Company's ability to continue 
as a going concern. However, the Company recognises in its balance sheet as at 31 December 2020 
a long-term investment in respect of a loan to Sun Finance Treasury Limited in the amount of PLN 
20,582,008.00 repayable on 15 December 2023. Under the loan agreement, however, the Company 
has the right on demand to require the borrower to repay the entire debt within 3 months of the reported 
demand for repayment, thus securing the funds. Accordingly, the financial statements for the year 
ended 31 December 2020 have been prepared on the assumption that the Company will continue in 
business for at least 12 months from the balance sheet date. Our opinion does not contain an objection 
to this case.” 
Audited financials 2021 (Copy of a translation from the Polish language) 
Auditor's report for the financial year ended 31 December 2021 was issued with the following 
explanations: 
Explanation with attention - uncertainty as to going concern (Emphasis of Matter):   
“We draw attention to the fact that as at 31 December 2021 the Company disclosed in its balance sheet 
current liabilities exceeding current assets by PLN 1,001,429.68. As disclosed in note 46 of the notes 
to the financial statements, the above conditions, together with other information described in this note, 
may indicate a potential limitation of the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. However, 
the Company recognises in its balance sheet as at 31 December 2021 a long-term investment in respect

--- Page 57 ---
56 
 
of a loan to Sun Finance Treasury Limited in the amount of PLN 2,352,274.45, repayable on 15 
December 2023. Under the loan agreement, however, the Company has the right on demand to require 
the borrower to repay the entire debt within 3 months of the reported demand for repayment, thus 
securing the funds. Accordingly, the financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 have 
been prepared on the assumption that the Company will continue in business for at least 12 months 
from the balance sheet date. Our opinion is unqualified in respect of this matter.”  
Explanation with attention - events after the reporting period (Emphasis of Matter):   
“We draw attention to note 38 of the notes to the financial statements in which the Company's 
management has referred to the issue of the Russian invasion of Ukraine in February 2022 and its 
impact on the Company's operations. In the opinion of the Board of Directors of the Company, at the 
time of preparing the financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021, the aforementioned 
issue has no impact on the Company's operations, does not threaten the Company's going concern, 
and therefore does not require any adjustments to be recognised in the financial statements. Our 
opinion is not modified in respect of this matter.” 
o 
Auditors 
The statutory auditors of the audited financial statements as of and for the financial years ended 31 
December 2021 and 31 December 2020 was TPA Sp. z o.o. Sp. k. (Baker Tilly), incorporated under the 
laws of Poland, having its registered office at ul. Młyńska 12, 61-730 Poznań, Poland, REGON number: 
300184858, NIP number: 7781432033. 
o 
Litigation 
The Guarantor (whether as a defendant or otherwise) is not and has not been involved in any 
governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or 
threatened of which the Guarantor is aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of this Base 
Prospectus, which may have, or have in such period had, a significant effect on the financial position or 
profitability of the Guarantor. 
o 
Administrative, management and supervisory bodies 
The following table shows the main administrative, managerial and supervisory positions of the 
Guarantor. 
Name 
Position / function (date 
since) 
Education and business experience 
summary 
Magdalena Grabowska 
Management 
Board 
Member, CEO 
Ms. Grabowska graduated in International 
Finances and Banking at the Economics 
Faculty 
and 
Faculty 
of 
Law 
and 
Administration 
at 
Gdańsk 
University. 
Additionally she has graduated European 
School at Gdańsk University of Technology 
and School of American Law at Chicago-Kent 
College of Law. Ms. Grabowska holds the title 
of Polish Certified Auditor. She has seven 
years of experience in the financial audit 
departments of KPMG and Deloitte, where 
she has been involved in many projects, 
including statutory and group audits under 
Polish GAAP and IFRS, mergers and 
acquisitions, IPO projects, regulatory audits

--- Page 58 ---
57 
 
Since 2015, she has been involved in the 
Lendtech industry, first as CEO of a lending 
company and later as CEO of financial 
intermediary Fincapital, a service provider for 
Lendtech companies. 
o 
Shareholders 
100% of the Guarantor's issued shares are held by SIA Fincap. The share capital of the Guarantor is 
PLN (Polish złoty) 5 000 divided into 100 shares, all of which are fully paid. Each share is entitled to 
one vote. The following table shows the Guarantor's shareholders. 
 
Shareholders 
Name 
Share % 
Registration 
no. 
Form of control 
Domicile 
SIA Fincap 
100% 
40203024662 Direct shareholder 
Latvia

--- Page 59 ---
58 
 
11. 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the terms and conditions of the Notes (the Terms and Conditions) which, together 
with the relevant Final Terms, will be applicable to the specified Series of Notes. The relevant Final 
Terms will complete the Terms and Conditions in relation to each Series of Notes. 
   
 
Save where the context requires otherwise, references in the Terms and Conditions to Notes are to the 
Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes of other Series that may be issued under these Terms and 
Conditions. 
In these Terms and Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, words denoting the singular 
include the plural and vice versa. 
In these Terms and Conditions, references to a specified Condition will be construed as a reference to 
that specific Condition of these Terms and Conditions as in force for the time being and as amended or 
supplemented from time to time. 
The headings are inserted for convenience of reference only and will not affect the interpretation of 
these Terms and Conditions. 
In these Terms and Conditions, reference to any other document will be construed as references to that 
document as in force the time being and as amended, supplemented or substituted. 
The use of the word including means including without limitation. 
Words and expressions used in these Terms and Conditions in capitals and not defined will have the 
meanings given to them in the Final Terms unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise 
stated. 
DEFINITIONS 
In these Terms and Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following definitions will 
apply: 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: the aggregate nominal amount of the Notes as specified in the Final 
Terms. 
API: application programming interface to exchange and transmit information and data in a structured 
form between the Issuer, the Lending Company and Mintos. 
Available Distribution Amount: the amounts received by the Issuer from the Series Specific Loans. 
Backup Servicer: the legal entity (if any) engaged by the Issuer to service and administer the Loans. 
Base Prospectus: the base prospectus in relation to the Notes. 
Borrower: the debtor of a Loan. 
Borrower’s Payments: any payments made by the Borrowers under the Series Specific Loans.   
Business Day: any day on which banks in the Republic of Latvia are open for business, except for 
Saturdays, Sundays and national holidays of the Republic of Latvia. 
Buyback Obligation: the obligation, if any payment under any of the relevant Loans is delayed by more 
than 60 days, for the Lending Company [or any other person specified in the Transaction Documents] 
to repurchase the relevant Loan Receivables from the Issuer, provided that the Buyback Obligation is 
stated as being applicable in the Final Terms.   
Collateral: the pledge rights of the Lending Company over the real estate, movable property, or

--- Page 60 ---
59 
 
aggregation of property, third party guarantee or title to a vehicle, or any other legally permissible means 
of securing the fulfilment of the Borrower’s obligations under the Series Specific Loan as specified in 
the Final Terms (if any). The Loan Receivable can be without Collateral. The contractual penalty, Late 
Payment Interest and other ancillary claims arising from the Loan Agreement, shall not be considered 
as Collateral. The Collateral is left with the Lending Company and is not being transferred to the Issuer. 
Cooperation Agreement: the cooperation agreement between the Issuer, the Lending Company, the 
Servicer and Mintos in relation to the Notes. 
Final Terms: the final terms of the Notes. 
Grace Period: the number of days specified in the Final Terms relating to any grace period in the Series 
Specific Loans for bank-to-bank payments, national holidays and specific debt collection policies of the 
Lending Company.  
Guarantee Agreement: the guarantee agreement by the Guarantor to guarantee the obligations of the 
Lending Company to the Issuer. 
Guarantor: Fincapital Sp. z o.o. , a limited liability company with registered office in Warsaw, ul. 
Postępu 18B, 02-676 Warsaw, entered into the register of entrepreneurs of the National Court Register 
kept by the District Court for the Capital City of Warsaw in Warsaw, 12th Commercial Division of the 
National Court Register on 16.12.2016., under the KRS number: 0000653383, NIP number: 
7010642695, REGON number: 366100525. 
Interest: the interest under the Notes or the Series Specific Loans. 
Interest Accrual Periods: the periods during which Interest accrues on the Notes as specified in the 
Final Terms. 
Interest Payment Date: each date on which Interest is payable under the Notes as specified in the 
Final Terms. 
Interest Rate: the rate at which Interest accrues on the Notes as specified in the Final Terms. 
Investment Accounts: the financial instruments account and the cash account of the Investor opened 
with Mintos. 
Issue Date: the issue date of the Notes being the date on which the Notes are first made available for 
subscription as specified in the Final Terms. 
Issuer: SIA Mintos Finance No.30, incorporated as a limited liability company and registered in the 
Republic of Latvia with registration number 40203395795 on 26 April 2022, with registered office at 
Skanstes street 52, Riga, LV-1013, Latvia, a special purpose entity whose principal purpose is the issue 
of Notes. 
Issuer’s Account: the cash funds account of the Issuer opened by Mintos which is used solely for 
settling payments with the Lending Company, the Backup Servicer (if any), the Guarantor and the 
Noteholders. 
Late Payment Interest: the Interest on any principal amount due but not paid under any Series Specific 
Loan which is calculated at the rate (the Late Payment Interest Rate) specified in the Final Terms on 
the principal amount due (if any). 
Lending Company: DUCATOS SPÓŁKA Z OGRANICZONĄ ODPOWIEDZIALNOŚCIĄ, a limited 
liability company existing under the laws of the Republic of Poland, Regon number: 366164896, NIP 
number 7010645707, with registered office at Warszawa at ul. Postępu 18B 02-676 Warsaw. 
Loan Final Repayment Date: the scheduled final repayment date of the Series Specific Loans as

--- Page 61 ---
60 
 
specified in the Final Terms.  
Loan Interest Payment Date: each date on which Interest is payable under the Series Specific Loans 
as specified in the Final Terms. 
Loan Receivables: the receivables of the Lending Company under the Series Specific Loans which 
have been assigned to the Issuer, being 90% of the principal amount outstanding of the relevant Series 
Specific Loan. 
Loan Repayment Date: each date on which the Series Specific Loans are redeemed as specified in 
the Final Terms.  
Maturity Date: the scheduled maturity date of the Notes as specified in the Final Terms. 
Mintos: AS Mintos Marketplace, a joint stock company registered in the Commercial Register of the 
Register of Enterprises of the Republic of Latvia under unified registration number 40103903643 on 1 
June 2015, having registered address: 50 Skanstes Street, Riga, LV-1013, Latvia. 
Noteholder: each person who appears as a holder of any Note from time to time in the electronic 
register maintained by Mintos. 
Notes: notes issued or to be issued by the Issuer. 
Payment Event: the date on which (a) information on the Borrower’s Payments received by the Lending 
Company is communicated to the Issuer and Mintos through API in accordance with the Transaction 
Documents, (b) the right or obligation arises under the Buyback Obligation or Repurchase, (c) any full 
or partial repayment of any of the Series Specific Loans occurs, (d) any breach of the repayment 
schedule of any of the Series Specific Loans occurs, (e) any extension of the repayment schedule of 
any of the Series Specific Loans pursuant to Condition 11.4 occurs and (f) any change to any of the 
Loan Interest Payment Date, the Loan Repayment Date and/or the Loan Final Repayment Date of one 
or more Series Specific Loan occurs.    
Pending Payments Penalty Fee: the fee on any amounts due to the Issuer from the Lending Company 
under any of the Transaction Documents at the interest rate specified in the Final Terms (if any).  
Principal Amount Outstanding: the Aggregate Nominal Amount multiplied by the Sink Factor.  
Priority of Payments: the priority of payments set out in Condition 10.  
Purchase Agreement: part of the Cooperation Agreement relating to the purchase by the Issuer and 
sale by the Lending Company of the Series Specific Loan.  
Rate: the rate at which Interest or Variable Part of the Loan Amount accrues on principal amount 
outstanding of the Series Specific Loans as specified in the Final Terms. 
Redemption Date: each date on which the Notes are redeemed as specified in the Final Terms. 
Repurchase: the right or obligation for the Lending Company to repurchase the relevant Loan 
Receivables from the Issuer on the occurrence of certain events specified in the Cooperation 
Agreement (as outlined in the section entitled ‘4. TRANSACTION OVERVIEW – THE DESCRIPTION 
OF THE TRANSACTIONS IN RELATION TO THE NOTES – Exercising of Repurchase’ of the Base 
Prospectus). 
Series: Notes with the same Issue Date and the same Terms and Conditions (including as to the Series 
Specific Loans) and identified in the relevant Final Terms as forming a series. 
Series Specific Loan: each finance lease agreement between the Lending Company and the Borrower 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 62 ---
61 
 
Servicer: the Guarantor. 
Sink Factor: a fractional number between 0 to 1 (inclusive) up to 16 decimal figures as determined by 
the Issuer from time to time which reflects the then Principal Amount Outstanding taking into account 
any partial redemptions of the Notes. 
 
 
Specified Currency: the currency of the Notes as specified in the Final Terms. 
Specified Denominations: the specified denominations of the Notes as specified in the Final Terms. 
Subordination Agreement: an inter-creditor agreement between Mintos and the Issuer, liabilities of 
the Lending Company towards which under the Cooperation Agreement are the senior liabilities, and 
certain entities as the creditors which certain liabilities of the Lending Company towards them are junior 
liabilities, and whereunder the junior liabilities are subordinated to the senior liabilities on the terms and 
conditions agreed by the parties to the Subordination Agreement. 
Transaction Documents: the Cooperation Agreement, the Guarantee Agreement, the Subordination 
Agreement and the Transfer Document. 
Transfer Document: the document generated by Mintos evidencing the transfer of Loan Receivables 
from the Lending Company to the Issuer in accordance with the Purchase Agreement. 
Variable Part of the Loan Amount: in case of interest-free Loan Receivables - a part of the principal, 
arising out of the Loan Agreement, transferred according to the Purchase Agreement to the Issuer in 
addition to the fixed part of the Loan Amount. The Variable Part of the Loan Amount is calculated by 
applying the Rate and it is calculated on the outstanding amount of the Loan. 
1.  
UNDERTAKINGS OF THE ISSUER  
The undertakings in this Condition 1 remain in force for so long as any of the Notes are 
outstanding. 
1.1 
Authorisations and compliance with laws 
The Issuer will promptly obtain, comply with and do all that is necessary to maintain in full force 
and effect any authorisation required under any law or regulation of Latvia to enable it to perform 
its obligations under the Notes or own title in the Loan Receivables, and carry on its business 
as it is being conducted. The Issuer will comply in all respects with all laws to which it is subject. 
1.2 
Negative covenants 
Other than in connection with the Notes or as provided in the Base Prospectus, the Issuer will 
not: 
(a) 
sell, transfer, create any security over or otherwise dispose of any of the Loan 
Receivables; 
(b) 
incur or permit to be outstanding any financial indebtedness;  
(c) 
be the creditor in respect of any loan or any form of a credit to any person, other than 
the Lending Company or as permitted under the Transaction Documents; 
(d) 
give or allow to be outstanding any guarantee or indemnity to or for the benefit of any 
person in respect of any obligation of any other person; 
(e)  
carry on any business other than as a special-purpose pass-through undertaking

--- Page 63 ---
62 
 
established for the purpose of issuing and offering Notes, which are backed by the 
Loan Receivables, to Investors on the Platform; or 
(f) 
use the Issuer’s Account for any purpose other than as provided in these Terms and 
Conditions and the Transaction Documents.  
2.  
GENERAL 
2.1 
The Issuer under these Terms and Conditions together with the corresponding Final Terms has 
authorised the creation, issue and sale of the Notes to provide funds to the Issuer to purchase 
Loan Receivables in accordance with the Purchase Agreement. The issue of Notes on the 
Issue Date specified in the Final Terms will correspond to the Issuer obtaining title to the Loan 
Receivables with a total amount equal to the Aggregate Nominal Amount. 
2.2 
Subject to Condition 25, the Issuer will obtain the title to the Loan Receivables on the condition 
that Mintos has determined that it has all the data it requires in relation to the Loan Receivables 
in accordance with the Purchase Agreement and the Transfer Document. The condition in no 
case implies either the Issuer or Mintos has any obligation to examine, verify or assess such 
data, including, through the use of any documentary evidence.   
2.3 
In each case where amounts of principal, Interest, other return and additional amounts (if any) 
are payable in respect of the Notes, the obligations of the Issuer to make any such payment 
will constitute an obligation only to account to the Noteholders on each date on which such 
amounts are due, for an amount equal to amounts of principal, Interest, other return and 
additional amounts (if any) actually received by the Issuer in relation to the Series Specific 
Loans. 
2.4 
Neither the Issuer nor Mintos are liable to make any payments in respect of the Notes other 
than as expressly provided in these Terms and Conditions. 
2.5 
Save for any fees payable to the Lending Company, Mintos and the Backup Servicer (if any), 
so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest 
material to the offer of the Notes. 
3.  
STATUS 
3.1 
The Notes constitute direct, general, unsubordinated and limited recourse debt obligations of 
the Issuer, which rank pari passu among themselves; and at all times these obligations rank at 
least pari passu with all other present and future direct, general, unsubordinated and limited 
recourse obligations of the Issuer arising from the present and further Series, except for those 
obligations as may be preferred by applicable law. 
3.2 
No proprietary or other direct interest in the Issuer’s rights under or in respect of any of the 
Transaction Documents, the Purchase Agreement, the Transfer Document, the Guarantee 
Agreement, and the Loan Receivables, exists for the benefit of the Noteholders. Subject to 
these Terms and Conditions, no Noteholder will and will have any right to enforce any of the 
Transaction Documents and the Loan Receivables, or any direct recourse to any of the Lending 
Company, the Borrowers and the Guarantor.  
4.  
FORM 
The Notes are issued by the Issuer in registered form which are deposited and held as book-
entry with Mintos.

--- Page 64 ---
63 
 
5.  
ISSUE OF NOTES 
The Notes are issued on the Issue Date in the Aggregate Nominal Amount, the Specified 
Denominations and the Specified Currency as specified in the Final Terms.   
6.  
REGISTER, TITLE AND TRANSFERS 
6.1 
Mintos maintains an electronic register of Noteholders in accordance with the Cooperation 
Agreement. No certificates will be issued to any Noteholder in respect of its holding. 
6.2 
Each Noteholder will (except as otherwise required by law) be treated as the absolute owner of 
any relevant Note for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of 
ownership, trust, nomineeship or any other interest in the Note), and no person will be liable for 
so treating the Noteholder. 
6.3 
The Notes are held and freely transferred only between the financial instrument accounts at 
Mintos of Noteholders. No application has been or will be made to trade the Notes on any 
regulated market or any other trading venue, other than the Platform.  
6.4 
A transfer of any Note between the Noteholders may be affected by Mintos which may require 
as conditions to the transfer of (a) provision of documents and information, (b) payment of any 
transfer fee and (c) payment of any tax or other governmental charges, in each case, by the 
relevant Noteholder in accordance with terms and conditions of the Platform. 
7.  
PRIORITY OF PAYMENTS 
All funds received by the Issuer in relation to the Series Specific Loans, irrespective whether 
indicated as corresponding to the relevant Series Specific Loan or not, to the extent legally 
permitted, will be applied by the Issuer in the following order of priority: 
(a) 
first, in or towards payment of any amounts owed by the Issuer to any tax authority and 
required to be paid by the Issuer under or pursuant to the Notes; 
 
(b) 
second, in payment or satisfaction of all fees and penalty fees then due and unpaid to 
Mintos by the Lending Company under the Cooperation Agreement; 
(c) 
third, in or towards payment or satisfaction of all amounts then due and unpaid as 
commissions, fees, costs, charges, expenses and liabilities incurred or payable for 
servicing of the Loan Receivables if (i) the Issuer or any person designated by the 
Issuer has taken over the servicing of the Loan Receivables or (ii) any event of default 
of the Lending Company has occurred under any of the Transaction Documents and 
the Issuer acts for the purposes of recovery of funds includes filing a claim in the 
liquidation, insolvency or other administrative proceedings of the Lending Company, or 
enforcing any legal rights; 
(d) 
fourth, in or towards payment or satisfaction of any costs, including legal fees, for any 
action to recover funds, collect or restructure payment obligations, or taking any other 
actions to receive the Loan Receivables;  
(e) 
fifth, in or towards payment or discharge of all amounts which are due to the Backup 
Servicer, if any; 
(f) 
sixth, to the Noteholders in or towards the payment or discharge of all amounts of 
Interest and principal (Late Payment Interest or penalty fee or other assigned claim, if

--- Page 65 ---
64 
 
any, in the order that is set forth with respect to the particular Loan Receivable) then 
due and payable under or in respect of Series, Repurchase prices and/or Buyback 
Obligation prices, unless the Buyback Obligation price is discharged next according to 
clause 7 (g) below. Such payment/discharge being done by placing Series Specific 
Loans of all Series outstanding in the chronological order from the Series Specific Loan 
having oldest Payment Event to the Series Specific Loan having newest Payment 
Event, and then applying pro rata approach on each particular Series level; and 
(g) 
seventh, to the Noteholders in or towards the payment of the Buyback Obligation price, 
if the Lending Company is late in making payments due to the Issuer for 14 (fourteen) 
days or another period that the Issuer finds material. Such payment/discharge being 
done by placing Series Specific Loans of all Series outstanding in the chronological 
order from the Series Specific Loan having oldest buyback related Payment Event to 
the Series Specific Loan having newest buyback related Payment Event, and then 
applying pro rata approach on each particular Series level; and  
 (h) 
eight, to the Noteholders in or towards the payment of Notes' pro-rata portion of the 
Pending Payments Penalty Fee (if any). Such pro-rata portion shall be applied towards 
all impacted Series.  
Neither the Issuer nor Mintos will be liable for applying the Priority of Payments, including for 
any minor errors, pursuant to Condition 25. 
8.  
INTEREST 
8.1 
Payment of Interest 
Each Note bears Interest from (and including) the date on which the Note is subscribed by the 
Noteholder. Interest will be calculated in accordance with Conditions 8.2 and 8.3, and payable 
in the Specified Currency in arrears on each Interest Payment Date.  
8.2  
Accrual of Interest 
The Interest payable on any Interest Payment Date in respect of each Note is as follows: 
 
 
 
 
Rate X Series Specific Loan Principal Amount Outstanding X Day Count  
Where: 
Series Specific Loan Principal Amount Outstanding, is the principal amount of the Series 
Specific Loans which is scheduled to be outstanding (even if the principal amount is redeemed 
later) on the day immediately before the Loan Interest Payment Date which is immediately 
before the Interest Payment Date. 
Day Count, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
immediately preceding Interest Accrual Period, divided by 360. 
8.3  
Accrual of Late Payment Interest 
The Late Payment Interest (if specified as being applicable in the Final Terms) payable on any 
day on which the Issuer receives the Principal Amount Due in respect of each Note is as follows: 
Late Payment Interest Rate X Principal Amount Due X Day Count

--- Page 66 ---
65 
 
Where: 
Principal Amount Due, is the principal amount of a Series Specific Loan which was due on 
the Loan Repayment Date but not paid under the relevant Series Specific Loan provided that 
there will be no Principal Amount Due if paid within the Grace Period; and 
Day Count, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
from (but excluding) the day on which the Principal Amount Due becomes due to (but excluding) 
the day on which the Issuer receives the Principal Amount Due or, if the Buyback Obligation or 
Repurchase applies, the relevant Payment Event, divided by 360. 
Any payment of Interest or Late Payment Interest will be made only in accordance with 
Conditions 7, 11 and 25, and will be subject to the relevant Payment Event having 
occurred and the Issuer having actually received the corresponding payment under the 
Series Specific Loans. 
9.  
PRINCIPAL REDEMPTION 
9.1  
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified in these Terms and 
Conditions, each Note will be redeemed at the then Principal Amount Outstanding on the 
Maturity Date. 
9.2  
Early Redemption 
A proportion of the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Notes will be redeemed pro rata on 
each Redemption Date and at any other time any principal payment from any of the Series 
Specific Loans is received by the Issuer, without any prior notice to Noteholders. The Principal 
Amount Outstanding of the Notes redeemed will be in the same proportion as the proportion 
that the principal payment received by the Issuer has to the total principal amount outstanding 
of all the Series Specific Loans immediately before the principal payment. Any accrued but 
unpaid Interest associated to that proportion of the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Notes 
being redeemed will be paid at the same time. 
Any repayment of the Principal Amount Outstanding will be made only in accordance 
with Conditions 7, 11 and 25, and will be subject to the relevant Payment Event having 
occurred and the Issuer having actually received the corresponding payment under the 
Series Specific Loans. 
10.  
INTEREST AND PRINCIPAL DETERMINATION  
10.1 
Mintos determines (a) the amount of Interest and the Late Payment Interest (if any) payable in 
accordance with Condition 8 for each Interest Payment Date and (b) the amount of principal 
payable in accordance with Condition 9 on each Redemption Date and the Maturity Date, on 
its review of the following information: 
(i) 
the Payment Events which have arisen;  
(ii) 
aggregate payment amounts paid by the Borrowers which have been received from 
the Lending Company;  
(iii) 
the Buyback Obligation and Repurchase which have arisen; and

--- Page 67 ---
66 
 
(iv) 
the amounts then due and owed by the Issuer according to the Priority of Payments on 
the Interest Payment Date, the Redemption Date or the Maturity Date. 
10.2 
On each Interest Payment Date, each Redemption Date and the Maturity Date, Mintos on the 
Issuer's behalf will direct the payment of Interest and principal amounts to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 11.  
10.3 
If after application of the Priority of Payments the Issuer has insufficient funds on any Interest 
Payment Date, any Redemption Date or the Maturity Date to make a payment of Interest or 
principal in full as required by Conditions 8 and 9, on behalf of the Issuer, Mintos at its sole 
discretion may decide that the Issuer pays part of the amount due or defers the payment until 
the full amount due is available, and such partial payment or deferral will not constitute an Event 
of Default under these Terms and Conditions. 
10.4 
All determinations, calculations and adjustments made by Mintos will be made in conjunction 
with the Issuer and will, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive in all respects and 
binding upon the Issuer and all Noteholders. 
11.  
PAYMENTS 
11.1 
Payments of Interest and principal  
Subject to Conditions 7 and 12, the Issuer will, from any Available Distribution Amount: 
(a) 
pay the Interest on the Notes in accordance with Condition 8 on each Interest Payment 
Date; and 
(b) 
redeem the Notes in accordance with Condition 9 on each Redemption Date and the 
Maturity Date. 
11.2 
Notes contingent payments 
All payments of Interest and principal by the Issuer under the Notes are dependent on the 
Issuer having received information on the Payment Event and the Available Distribution Amount 
being sufficient to make the relevant payments in accordance with the Priority of Payments. 
The Notes will not give rise to the Issuer having any payment obligation in excess of the 
foregoing. 
Any overdue payment of Interest or principal under any of the Series Specific Loans that have 
been collected by the Lending Company (including by its external debt collection agency) will 
be paid to the Issuer as an Available Distribution Amount which will be paid in accordance with 
the Priority of Payments on the date determined by the Issuer at its sole discretion.  
11.3 
Pending Payments Penalty Fee 
If, following any Payment Event, the Lending Company delays any payments due to the Issuer 
under any of the Transaction Documents by more than 10 days, the Lending Company will pay 
to the Issuer the Pending Payments Penalty Fee.  
11.4 
Loan extension  
The Lending Company may modify any of the Series Specific Loans without approval of the 
Issuer and the Noteholders, provided that payments from the relevant Borrower remain 
unchanged.

--- Page 68 ---
67 
 
If ‘Extension possibility’ is provided in the Final Terms, the Lending Company may extend the 
repayment schedule of one or more Series Specific Loans by changing the Loan Interest 
Payment Date, the Loan Repayment Date and/or the Loan Final Repayment Date without the 
consent of the Issuer or the Noteholders provided that (a) there is no event of default under any 
of the Series Specific Loans, (b) any change is restricted by ‘Limit on the number of Extensions’ 
and ‘Total maximum time limit of Extensions’ as specified in the Final Terms and (c) any change 
is notified on the Platform to the Noteholders.  
The Lending Company may also extend the repayment schedule of one or more Series Specific 
Loans by changing the Loan Interest Payment Date, the Loan Repayment Date and/or the Loan 
Final Repayment Date without the consent of the Issuer or the Noteholders to comply with any 
new law or regulation, amendment of any existing law or regulation, or any decision of any 
government or municipal provided that any change is notified on the Platform to the Noteholders 
11.5 
Loan Receivables subject to Buyback Obligation or Repurchase 
Any Loan Receivable subject to the Buyback Obligation or Repurchase will be repurchased by 
the Lending Company at a price equal to the outstanding principal amount of the Loan 
Receivable together with any accrued but unpaid Interest and any Late Payment Interest up to 
(but excluding) the repurchase date. 
11.6 
Insufficient funds on the Maturity Date 
If any amounts on the Notes are outstanding on the Maturity Date, the Maturity Date will be 
automatically postponed to the date that is the earlier of (a) the date on which all amounts due 
and payable under the Notes are paid and (b) the date referred to in Condition 11.7, and Interest 
will not accrue on the Notes (other than Pending Payments Penalty Fee, if applicable) and any 
Available Distribution Amount will be paid to the Noteholders on a date as reasonably 
determined by the Issuer in accordance with the Priority of Payments. 
11.7 
After the Maturity Date 
If on any date following the Maturity Date: 
(a) 
Mintos concludes following notification in writing from the Lending Company and/or 
Servicer to the Issuer and Mintos and by API that the Lending Company has 
determined in good faith that there is no realistic prospect of collecting any further funds 
in accordance with its loan management and collection policies from the Series Specific 
Loans which are not subject to the Buyback Obligation nor Repurchase; or  
(b) 
the Issuer and Mintos determines in good faith that there is no realistic prospect of 
collecting any further funds from the Lending Company and/or the Servicer if the Series 
Specific Loans are subject to the Buyback Obligation and/or Repurchase but the Issuer 
has not received the full amount due from the Buyback Obligation or Repurchase or, if 
earlier, on the 10th anniversary of the Maturity Date, 
as of that date (i) all the Notes outstanding will be cancelled in full, (ii) the Issuer will be deemed 
to have fulfilled all its payment and other obligation to each of the Noteholders and (iii) no 
Noteholder will have any right in respect of any of the Notes. 
11.8 
Payments to the Noteholders 
Any payments of Interest and redemption amounts in respect of the Notes will be made to the 
relevant Investment Account.

--- Page 69 ---
68 
 
11.9 
Taxes 
All payments and/or deliveries in respect of the Notes made by or on behalf of the Issuer will 
be made subject to any withholding or deduction for any taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature which may be required to be withheld or deducted.  
The Issuer or Mintos will: 
(a) 
not be liable as a result for, or otherwise obliged to pay, any additional amount to any 
of the Noteholders in respect of, or compensation for, any such withholding or 
deduction or any other amounts withheld or deducted; 
(b) 
not be liable for or otherwise obliged to pay, and the relevant Noteholder will be liable 
for and/or pay, any tax, duty, charge, withholding or other payment whatsoever which 
may arise as a result of, or in connection with, the ownership, any transfer (or 
agreement to transfer), any payment and/or any delivery (or any agreement for 
delivery) in respect of the Notes held by such Noteholder; and 
(c) 
have the right but will not be obliged (unless required by law), to withhold or deduct 
from any amount payable or, as the case may be, any delivery due to the relevant 
Noteholder, such amount or portion as will be necessary to account for or to pay any 
such tax, duty, charge, withholding or other payment. 
The Noteholders will agree to provide the Issuer and/or Mintos with all information and 
documentation required by the Issuer and/or Mintos, as the case may be, to satisfy any Latvian 
or other country tax or regulatory obligations at any time. 
11.10 
Payments on Business Days 
If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Notes is not a Business Day, the 
Noteholder will not be entitled to payment of the amount due until the next succeeding Business 
Day in such place and will not be entitled to any further interest or other payment in respect of 
any such delay. 
12.  
LIMITED RECOURSE AND NON-PETITION 
12.1 
Notwithstanding anything in the Base Prospectus, the obligations of the Issuer in respect of the 
Notes are limited recourse obligations which are payable solely from the sums of principal, 
Interest, other return and additional amounts (if any) actually received (and identified as such) 
in relation to the Series Specific Loans. 
12.2 
All payments to be made by the Issuer in respect of the Notes will be made only from and to 
the extent of the sums received or recovered from time to time by or on behalf of the Issuer 
under the Series Specific Loans, subject always to the Priority of Payments. 
12.3 
In relation to any sums received or recovered, the Issuer (or Mintos on its behalf) will follow 
these Terms and Conditions in determining to which Series of Notes such sums relate and such 
determination will be binding on Noteholders of all Series in the absence of manifest error. 
12.4 
To the extent that the sums referred to in Condition 12.1 are less than the amount which the 
Noteholders may have expected and been entitled to receive (such difference being referred to 
as the shortfall), the shortfall will be borne by the Noteholders. 
12.5 
Each Noteholder, on subscribing or buying any Note directly, through a strategy of the Platform

--- Page 70 ---
69 
 
or any other way, irrevocably accept and acknowledge that it is fully aware that: 
(a) 
only the sums referred to in this Condition 12, and Conditions 7 and 11 will be available 
for any payments to be made by the Issuer in respect of the Notes; 
(b) 
the sums which are attributable to another Series of Notes are only available in 
satisfaction of the obligations of the Issuer to such Noteholders; 
(c) 
the obligations of the Issuer to make payments in respect of the Notes will be limited to 
the sums and the Noteholders will have no recourse to the Issuer, Mintos or their 
respective shareholders, directors, officers, employees, affiliates, successors or 
assigns in respect of the Notes for the shortfall; 
(d) 
no Noteholder is entitled to proceed against the Issuer or Mintos for the shortfall; 
(e) 
following the realisation and distribution of the net proceeds from the Loan Receivable 
corresponding to the Series Specific Loan in accordance with the Priority of Payments, 
the Noteholders or anyone acting on behalf of any of them will not be entitled to take 
any further steps against the Issuer or Mintos to recover any further sum and the right 
to receive any such further sum will be deemed as fulfilled; and 
(f) 
no Noteholder will be entitled to petition or take any other step or join with any other 
person in bringing, instituting or joining, insolvency, winding-up, liquidation or 
bankruptcy proceedings (whether court-based or otherwise), or for the appointment of 
an examiner, liquidator or analogous person in relation to the Issuer, nor will it have 
any claim to, or in respect of any sum arising in respect of any assets of the Issuer. 
12.6 
Non-payment of the shortfall referred to in this Condition 12 will not constitute an Event of 
Default. 
12.7 
None of the shareholders of the Issuer, Mintos, the Lending Company, the Guarantor or the 
Backup Servicer (if any) has any obligation to any Noteholder for payment of any amount by 
the Issuer in respect of the Notes. 
12.8 
The provisions of this Condition 12 will survive redemption of the Notes. 
13.  
PURCHASE 
13.1 
The Issuer may at any time purchase Notes at any price in the open market or otherwise.  
13.2  
Any Note purchased by the Issuer on the sole discretion of the Issuer may be either cancelled 
or sold to any investor on behalf of the Issuer by Mintos.  
14.  
CANCELLATION 
All Notes which are redeemed or cancelled may not be re-issued or resold. 
15.  
PRESCRIPTION 
Any and all claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes will be prescribed and 
become void unless made within 10 years from the date on which payment in respect of the 
Notes first becomes due. 
16.  
FURTHER ISSUES

--- Page 71 ---
70 
 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders create and issue 
further Series and further tranches of existing Series of Notes. A further tranche of an existing 
Series will: 
(a) 
be fungible with the Notes of that existing Series; 
(b) 
have the same terms and conditions as the Notes of that Series except for the 
Aggregate Nominal Amount, the Issue Date, the Issue Price, the Interest Accrual 
Periods, the first Interest Payment Date and the first Redemption Date; and 
(c) 
be consolidated and form a single Series with that existing Series of Notes, and 
references in these Terms and Conditions to Notes will be construed accordingly.  
17.  
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
17.1 
Any of the following events will constitute an event of default under the Notes (each, an Event 
of Default): 
(a) 
if any order is made by any competent court or any resolution passed for the winding- 
up or dissolution (including any bankruptcy, insolvency, voluntary, forced or judicial 
liquidation, composition with creditors, a reprieve from payment, controlled 
management, fraudulent conveyance, general settlement with creditors or 
reorganisation proceedings or similar proceedings affecting the rights of creditors 
generally) of the Issuer (save for the purposes of amalgamation, merger, consolidation, 
reorganisation or other similar arrangements); or  
(b) 
formal notice is given of an appointment an administrator (including any receiver, 
liquidator, auditor, verifier), provisional administrator; or  
(c) 
any application is made, or petition is lodged, or documents are filed with the court or 
administrator in relation to the Issuer for the actions, proceeding or procedures 
specified in paragraphs (a) or (b) above, unless such proceedings or petitions are 
disputed in good faith and are discharged, stayed or dismissed within 90 calendar days 
of commencement. 
17.2 
The Issuer is obliged to inform Mintos immediately if any Event of Default should occur. Should 
Mintos not receive such information, Mintos is entitled to assume that no Event of Default exists 
or can be expected to occur, provided that Mintos does not have knowledge of any Event of 
Default. Mintos is under no obligation to make any investigations relating to any Event of 
Default. The Issuer will, at the request of Mintos, provide Mintos with details of any Event of 
Default and provide Mintos with all documents that may be of significance for the application of 
this Condition 17. 
17.3  
If Mintos has been notified by the Issuer or has otherwise determined that there is an Event of 
Default, Mintos will, within 20 Business Days of the day of notification or determination, notify 
the Noteholders according to Condition 20.  
17.4 
Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, Notes are repaid according to the terms and 
conditions stipulated by this Base Prospectus and relevant Series Final Terms, unless 
otherwise required by a rule of the law. 
17.5 
Mintos, subject to the Noteholders indemnifying and holding Mintos harmless from any 
reasonable expenses, loss or liability, will take every reasonable measure necessary to recover 
the amounts outstanding under the Notes according to their terms and conditions and

--- Page 72 ---
71 
 
Transaction Documents. Mintos will in each case inform the Noteholders about the costs which 
should be compensated prior to requesting any indemnification. In any case Mintos will charge 
this compensation of costs only up to the recovered amount. Mintos will not ask for 
compensation of costs for its in-house staff and resources.  
17.6 
For the avoidance of doubt, if any payment is not made by the Issuer because the Issuer has 
not received the relevant amounts under the Series Specific Loans so that the Available 
Distribution Amount after application of the Priority of Payments is not enough to make 
payments due under the Notes in full, the occurrence of such event will, as such, not constitute 
an Event of Default. 
18.  
MEETING OF NOTEHOLDERS  
18.1 
General provisions  
The Issuer from time to time may convene a meeting of the Noteholders (the Noteholders 
Meeting) to adopt resolutions on certain matters. The Issuer at its own discretion decides which 
matters will be reserved for passing at the Noteholders Meeting.  
These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who 
did not attend and vote at the Noteholders Meeting or in respect of the relevant resolution and 
Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. As a result, Noteholders may be 
bound by a change to these Terms and Conditions or by some other decision that affects 
Noteholders' investment in the Notes even though they have not agreed to such change.  
The Noteholders Meeting may adopt its resolutions in one of the two forms as chosen by the 
Issuer:  
(a)  
at a meeting held by attendance of the Noteholders to discuss the items on the agenda 
and pass resolutions on the matters put to the vote using ballots provided; or 
(b)  
by absentee voting (without attendance of the Noteholders to discuss the items on the 
agenda and pass resolutions on the matters put to the vote). 
The Noteholders Meeting will be chaired, and minutes taken by a representative of Mintos.  
18.2  
Resolutions of the Noteholders Meeting 
Matters put to the vote at a Noteholders Meeting and its agenda will be decided by the Issuer. 
The Noteholders may neither pass resolutions on the matters not included in its agenda nor 
amend the agenda. 
Resolutions passed by the Noteholders Meeting and voting results will be provided to the 
persons eligible to participate in the Noteholders Meeting in a report, which will be disclosed to 
the Noteholders as per the procedure prescribed with regard to sending notices of the 
Noteholders Meeting, within 5 Business Days after the closing date of the meeting or the final 
date for submitting the voting ballots in case of absentee voting. However, the failure to do so 
will not invalidate the resolution. 
The resolution will be binding on all the Noteholders, whether or not present at the Noteholders 
Meeting and each of them will be bound to give effect to it accordingly.  
18.3  
Information on holding a Noteholders Meeting

--- Page 73 ---
72 
 
The Issuer will notify the Noteholders about the Noteholders Meeting in accordance with the 
procedure below.  
A notice of the Noteholders Meeting (the Notice) will be given according to Condition 20 no 
later than 10 days in advance.  
The Notice will be given to the Noteholders registered on the date of the Notice in the electronic 
register of Noteholders maintained by Mintos. 
The Issuer may decide not to publish the Notice on the Platform. In such a case within the time 
specified in this Condition 18.3 the Issuer will send the Notice to the Noteholders by email. 
The Issuer may at its own discretion make available information to the Noteholders entitled to 
participate in the Noteholders Meeting as part of preparations for the Noteholders Meeting.  
18.4  
Quorum at a Noteholders Meeting  
A Noteholders Meeting will be deemed quorate if attended by Noteholders aggregately holding 
more than 50% of: 
(a) 
the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of all Series of Notes towards the Lending 
Company on the date of the Notice if the decision is related towards all Series of Notes 
outstanding; or 
(b) 
the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the relevant Series of Notes on the date 
of the Notice if the decision is related towards the relevant Series of Notes outstanding. 
The number of votes for each Noteholder equals the Principal Amount Outstanding in the 
respective Series on the date of the Notice. 
When a Noteholders Meeting is held by attendance of the Noteholders to discuss the items on 
the agenda and pass resolutions on the matters put to the vote, the Noteholders registered to 
participate in the Noteholders Meeting and the Noteholders whose ballots have been received 
no later than 2 days before the meeting will be deemed to have participated in the meeting.  
When a Noteholders Meeting is held in the form of absentee voting, the Noteholders whose 
ballots have been received before the final date for submitting the ballots will be deemed to 
have participated in the meeting.  
Where there is no quorum for a Noteholders Meeting, a second Noteholders Meeting will be 
held with the same agenda. Such second Noteholders Meeting will be deemed quorate if 
attended by Noteholders aggregately holding more than 30% of: 
(a) 
the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of all Series of Notes towards the Lending 
Company on the date of the Notice if the decision is related towards all Series of Notes 
outstanding; or 
(b) 
the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the relevant Series of Notes on the date 
of the Notice if the decision is related towards the relevant Series of Notes outstanding. 
Subject to the quorum being present, the decisions on the Noteholders Meeting agenda will be 
adopted per each item of the agenda by the majority from the total amount of votes provided. 
18.5 
Voting ballots

--- Page 74 ---
73 
 
Ballots for voting at a Noteholders Meeting will be sent together with the Notice according to 
Condition 18.3.  
Ballots for voting will be in the English language.  
Voting could be convened as an e-voting through filling-out an electronic voting ballot through 
the interface of the Platform. 
Noteholders included in the list of those entitled to participate in the Noteholders Meeting other 
than the Noteholders Meeting held in the form of absentee voting, or their representatives, may 
register to participate or forward their completed ballots to the Issuer. Voting ballots will be 
counted towards the calculation of the quorum and voting results if received by the company 
no later than 2 days before the Noteholders Meeting. 
The voting ballot will contain the information about the Noteholders Meeting including but not 
limited to:  
- 
information about the Issuer, including address and contact person; 
- 
details identifying the Series of Notes; 
- 
form of the Noteholders Meeting (attendance or by absentee voting); 
- 
date, place and time of the Noteholders Meeting if it is held in the form of attendance 
of the Noteholders; 
- 
Principal Amount Outstanding; and 
- 
voting options for each item on the agenda, expressed as “for”, “against”, or 
“abstained”, and the indication that the voting ballot must be signed by a person entitled 
to participate in the Noteholders Meeting or its representative unless convened by e-
voting. 
When voting by ballots, only those voting ballots are counted where for each item only one 
voting option is selected. The voting ballots completed in breach of the aforementioned 
requirement will be deemed invalid. However, if there are several items put to the vote on the 
voting ballot, breach of the aforementioned requirement with respect to one or several items 
will not affect the validity of the remaining ballot. If a voting ballot is rendered invalid with respect 
to voting on one, several or all items included in such ballot, the votes so cast in such ballot will 
not be excluded from the calculation of the quorum. If a voting ballot is rendered invalid, the 
votes on the items contained in the voting ballot will not be counted. 
18.6 
Counting  
The counting functions will be performed by Mintos, which will check the powers of, and register 
the participants in a Noteholders Meeting, determine the quorum at a Noteholders Meeting, 
count the votes and determine the voting results, draw up the voting minutes and hand over 
the voting ballots to the archive. 
19.  
SUBSTITUTION 
19.1 
The Issuer or any previous substitute company may be substituted by any other company as 
principal obligor under all of the Notes then outstanding provided that such substitution would 
not be materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders and subject to the other Terms

--- Page 75 ---
74 
 
and Conditions being complied with, including with provisions of the Transaction Documents, 
and further provided that the Financial and Capital Market Commission has given its prior 
consent to such substitution if any needed according to the applicable law. 
19.2 
By subscribing to, or otherwise acquiring, the Notes, the Noteholders expressly consent to the 
substitution of the Issuer and to the release of the Issuer from any and all obligations in respect 
of the Notes and any relevant agreements and are expressly deemed to have accepted such 
substitution and the consequences of such substitution. 
19.3 
Any such substitution will be notified to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 20. 
20.  
NOTICES AND PROVISION OF INFORMATION 
20.1  
Notices to the Noteholders will be given upon sole discretion of the Issuer in the English 
language and/or any other language the Issuer deems fit for such purposes and will be given 
by using one or several communication channels: 
(a) 
emailed to respective email addresses in the register of Noteholders and deemed to 
have been given within 24 hours after the dispatch; and 
(b) 
delivered to Mintos for further communication to the Noteholder according to the 
services provision agreement between Mintos and the Noteholder (including times 
when deemed to have been duly given). 
20.2 
Any notices, demands, claims or other communication to the Issuer by any Noteholder will be 
in the English language and will be given by using one of the following communication channels:  
(a)  
delivered by hand or courier and deemed to have been given on the same day of 
delivery; and 
(b) 
delivered by registered mail and deemed to have been given on the 10th calendar day 
following the date indicated on the stamp by the postal service provider on the 
acceptance of a registered letter. 
20.3.  
For the purposes of Condition 20.2 notices or other communications addressed to the Issuer 
will be given to Mintos, serving as an agent for this purpose: 
AS Mintos Marketplace 
50 Skanstes Street, Riga, LV-1013, Latvia 
For the attention of SIA Mintos Finance No.30 
21.  
AGENTS 
21.1  
Mintos acts solely as an agent of the Issuer and does not assume any obligation or duty to, or 
any relationship of agency or trust for or with, any Noteholder. 
21.2  
The Issuer subject to the provisions of the Transaction Documents reserves the right at any 
time to vary or terminate the appointment of Mintos, the Lending Company and any other party 
to any of the Transaction Documents. 
22.  
FORCE MAJEURE 
Neither the Issuer nor Mintos will be responsible for any failure to perform any of its respective 
obligations under these Terms and Conditions which is due to any reason that is independent

--- Page 76 ---
75 
 
of that person’s will and has resulted from a force majeure event. A force majeure event will 
apply only and solely if that person has taken all steps that depend on it in order to perform the 
obligation. Once the force majeure event has finished, that person must immediately resume 
the performance of the obligation. The following circumstances will be considered as force 
majeure events: 
(a) 
extraordinary and unavoidable circumstances including natural disasters, fire, flood, 
earthquake, warfare, terror acts, riots and strikes; 
(b) 
technical failures, delays or malfunctions; failure of computers, communications 
systems, hardware and/or software; power supply malfunctions; or other critical 
infrastructure malfunctions, which neither the Issuer nor Mintos could have prevented 
or predicted; 
(c) 
decisions and/or activities of local and/or foreign public authorities, and/or international 
organisations; 
(d) 
entry into force, amendments and/or suspension of a statutory act binding on either the 
issuer or Mintos affecting the performance of obligations under these Terms and 
Conditions; and 
(e) 
any circumstance defined as a force majeure circumstance in any of the Transaction 
Documents. 
23.  
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
23.1 
The Notes (and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes) 
are governed by, and will be construed in accordance with the law of the Republic of Latvia. 
23.2 
The courts of the Republic of Latvia are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may 
arise out of or in connection with the Notes (including any disputes relating to any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes) and accordingly any legal 
action or proceedings arising out of or in conjunction with the Notes may be brought in such 
courts. The Issuer and each of the Noteholders irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of such 
courts. 
24.  
AMENDMENTS AND MODIFICATIONS 
To comply with any applicable law, the Issuer may validly amend or supplement these Terms 
and Conditions by publishing the changed Terms and Conditions on the Platform without the 
consent of the Noteholders. 
25.  
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY, AND REPRESENTATION AND WARRANTIES OF THE 
NOTEHOLDER  
25.1 
Notwithstanding anything in the Base Prospectus, other than with respect to gross negligence 
or wilful misconduct by the Issuer and/or Mintos, neither the Issuer nor Mintos will be held liable 
by any Noteholder for: 
(a)  
any material error, misrepresentation, omission or fraud by the Lending Company; 
(b)  
failure of the Lending Company for whatever reason to inform the Issuer and/or Mintos 
of the Payment Event having occurred or for the information being inaccurate or wrong;

--- Page 77 ---
76 
 
(c) 
the Loan Receivables; or 
(d) 
determinations and decisions when distributing amounts under the Notes, including, 
when applying the Priority of Payments, deciding whether to defer payment or make a 
partial payment, relying upon or deciding if and when there is no realistic prospect of 
collecting further funds under a Series Specific Loan, including in the event of default 
of the Lending Company. 
25.2  
In any and all cases liability of the Issuer and/or Mintos to any Noteholder under these Terms 
and Conditions will be limited to the amount invested in the impacted Notes by the Noteholder. 
25.3 
Each Noteholder, on subscribing or buying any Note directly, through a strategy of the Platform 
or any other way, irrevocably accept and acknowledge that it is fully aware that: 
(a) 
the Issuer and Mintos do not make any representation or warranty in respect of, or will 
not at any time have any responsibility for, or, save as otherwise expressly provided in 
these Terms and Conditions, liability or obligation in respect of the performance and 
observance by any Borrower of its obligations under the relevant Series Specific Loan, 
the Lending Company of its obligations under the Cooperation Agreement, the 
Guarantor of its obligations under the Guarantee Agreement, or the recoverability of 
any sum of the principal, Interest, other return or any additional amounts (if any) due 
or to become due from any Borrower, the Lending Company and/or the Guarantor; 
(b) 
the Issuer and Mintos will not at any time have any responsibility for, or obligation or 
liability in respect of, the condition, financial or otherwise, covenant, creditworthiness, 
affairs, status or nature of any Borrower, the Lending Company, the Guarantor or any 
other person; 
(c) 
the Issuer and Mintos will not at any time be liable for any representation or warranty, 
or any act, default or omission of any Borrower, the Lending Company, the Guarantor 
or other person; 
(d) 
the Issuer will not at any time have any responsibility for, or liability or obligation in 
respect of, the performance and observance by Mintos of its obligations under the 
Transaction Documents or any other agreement entered or to be entered into by and 
between the Noteholders and Mintos;  
(e) 
financial servicing and performance of the terms of the Notes depend upon both the 
performance by each Borrower of its obligations under the Series Specific Loan, its 
duties to make payments under the Series Specific Loan and its credit and financial 
standing, and the performance by the Lending Company and/or the Guarantor of their 
respective contractual obligations towards the Issuer and Mintos as well as their 
respective credit and financial standing; 
(f) 
the Notes, which the Noteholder has or will acquire, reflect the performance of the 
relevant Series Specific Loans. The Noteholder has no direct recourse to any of the 
Series Specific Loans or the corresponding Loan Receivables. Once the Loan 
Receivables have been realised according to these Terms and Conditions, the 
Noteholder is not entitled to take any further steps against the Issuer or Mintos to 
recover any further sums due and the right to receive any such sum will be 
extinguished. The Noteholder accepts not to attach or otherwise seize any of the assets 
of the Issuer. In particular, the Noteholder will not be entitled to petition or take any step 
for the winding-up, the liquidation or the bankruptcy of the Issuer or any similar

--- Page 78 ---
77 
 
insolvency-related proceedings and such petition or action will be treated as null and 
void as from its initiation time; and 
(g) 
the Investment Accounts will be opened and be held by the Noteholder fully operational 
with Mintos while the Noteholder holds any Notes.

--- Page 79 ---
78 
 
12. 
TAXATION 
The information provided in this section will not be treated as legal or tax advice; and prospective 
investors are advised to consult their own tax advisors as to the tax consequences of the subscription, 
ownership and disposal of the Notes applicable to their particular circumstances. The following is a 
general summary of certain tax considerations in the Republic of Latvia in relation to the Notes. It is not 
exhaustive and does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax consequences relating to the Notes, 
as well as does not take into account or discuss the tax implications of any country other than the 
Republic of Latvia. 
 
Tax laws of the Noteholder’s country of residence for taxation purposes and of the Issuer’s 
country of residence may have an impact on the income received from the Notes. 
 
This summary is based on the laws of Latvia as in force on the date of this Base Prospectus and is 
subject to any change in the law that may take effect after such date, provided that such changes could 
apply also retroactively. 
Latvia has entered into a number of tax conventions on elimination of the double taxation (hereinafter - 
DTT), which may provide a more favourable taxation regime. Therefore, if there is a valid DTT between 
Latvia and the country of tax residence of a prospective Noteholder, it should be also examined. The 
procedures for application of tax conventions are provided in the Republic of Latvia Cabinet of Ministers’ 
Regulations No. 178 “Procedures for Application of Tax Relief Determined in International Agreements 
for Prevention of Double Taxation and Tax Evasion”, adopted on 30 April 2001. 
 
Taxation of the Issuer 
Issuer is a corporate income taxpayer in Latvia. According to the Latvian tax law, the annual profit 
earned by entities in Latvia is not taxed. Instead, Corporate income tax is paid on dividends, fringe 
benefits, gifts, donations, representation costs, non–business related disbursements and transfer 
pricing adjustments. The tax rate applicable is 20%, however, the taxable base is divided by the 
coefficient 0.8, thus the effective corporate income tax rate is 25%.   
  
Taxation of the Noteholders individuals 
 
Resident individuals 
An individual will be considered as a resident of Latvia for taxation purposes, if at least one of the 
following requirements is met: 
● 
the declared place of residence of this person is in Latvia; 
● 
the person stays in Latvia for at least 183 days over the course of a period of 12 consecutive 
calendar months; 
● 
the person is a Latvian citizen who is employed by the government of Latvia in a foreign country.   
In accordance with the Latvian tax laws the interest income received by the individual tax resident in 
Latvia is subject to tax at the rate of 20%. The interest income from the Notes for resident individuals 
will be subject to 20 % personal income tax that will be withheld by the Issuer before the interest 
payment is made by the Issuer to the Noteholder. The tax withheld by the Issuer is a final tax liability 
on the interest income received.  
The income from the sale of the Notes is treated as an income similar to the interest income for the 
Latvian personal income tax purposes and will be subject to 20% personal income tax and the tax is 
payable by the individual him/herself. 
 
Non-resident individuals 
An individual would be considered as a non-resident of Latvia for taxation purposes in all cases unless 
he/she is a tax resident of Latvia. Interest income from the Notes received by the non-resident individual 
will be subject to personal income tax in Latvia according to the rate set forth by law, which is currently 
20%. According to the general practice the tax withheld in Latvia might be deducted from the tax payable 
by the investor in his/her residence country (as tax paid abroad). However, we recommend consulting

--- Page 80 ---
79 
 
with the respective country's tax administration or tax adviser to clarify the procedure and documents 
required to perform such a deduction (if any).  
 
The tax rate might be reduced based on the Double Tax Treaty between Latvia and the respective 
country. The list of the Double Tax Treaties concluded by Latvia is available here: 
https://www.vid.gov.lv/sites/default/files/tax_treaties_28032018.pdf 
 
The income from the sale of the Notes will be subject to 20% tax and the tax would be payable by the 
individual him/herself, if the buyer of the Notes is an individual or legal entity non-resident of Latvia. If 
the buyer is a legal entity - resident of Latvia, the tax at the rate of 3% will be withheld by the buyer. 
 
Taxation of the Noteholders - legal entities 
 
Resident legal entities 
A legal entity would be considered as a resident of Latvia for tax purposes if it is established pursuant 
to Latvian law. Interest payments on the Notes and proceeds from the disposal of the Notes received 
by Latvian resident legal entities will not be subject to withholding tax in Latvia. Under the Latvian tax 
law retained earnings are exempt from corporate income tax and only profit distributions are taxed. 
Distributed gross profits are subject to the 20% profit tax. Corporate income tax on net amount of profit 
distribution is determined by dividing net amount with a coefficient of 0.8 (i.e., effective tax rate on net 
distributed profit is 25%).  
 
Non-resident legal entities 
A legal entity would be considered as a non-resident of Latvia for taxation purposes in all cases unless 
it is a tax resident of Latvia. The interest income and capital gains from the sale of the Notes for non-
resident legal entities will not be taxable in Latvia (i.e., gross income will be paid), except if the income 
recipient is located, registered, or incorporated in a no-tax or low-tax country (so called “tax havens”; if 
this is the case - 20% tax will be withheld by the Issuer in Latvia). The list of “tax havens” according to 
the Latvian law includes US Guam, US Samoa, US Virgin Islands, Republic of Fiji, Republic of Palau, 
Republic of Panama, Independent State of Samoa, Republic of Trinidad and Tobago, Republic of 
Vanuatu. The list of mentioned countries and territories may be amended from time to time.

--- Page 81 ---
80 
 
13. 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
The form of Final Terms that will be issued in respect of each Series, subject only to the deletion of non-
applicable provisions, is set out below. The completed Final Terms for each Series, which are described 
in this Base Prospectus as the "Final Terms" will be published on the website: www.mintos.com. 
 
Final Terms dated [...][...] [...] 
SIA Mintos Finance No.30 (the “Issuer”) 
(incorporated as a limited liability company and registered in the Republic of Latvia with registration 
number Reg. No: 40203395795)  
LEI: 98450057BYCECE0BRE39 
Series [...] PLN [...] Notes 
relating to the Loans with the reference numbers: 
[...] 
issued by DUCATOS SPÓŁKA Z OGRANICZONĄ ODPOWIEDZIALNOŚCIĄ (Poland) (the Lending 
Company) 
Terms used herein will be deemed to be as defined in the Base Prospectus dated 08.08.2022. for the 
purposes of Prospectus Regulation, in respect of Notes issued by the Issuer. This document constitutes 
the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8.4 of the Prospectus 
Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus. Full information on the Issuer 
and the offer of Notes is only available on the basis of a combination of these Final Terms and the Base 
Prospectus [as so supplemented]. The Base Prospectus [and the supplements, if any] is available for 
viewing on the website [www.mintos.com/***]. The summary of the individual issue of the Notes is 
annexed to these Final Terms as Appendix 1.  
Part 1 - Contractual terms 
1.1. Information concerning the Notes to be offered to the public:  
Number 
Disclosure requirement 
Details 
1.1.1. 
Series: 
[...] 
1.1.2. 
ISIN Code: 
LV[...] 
1.1.3. 
Specified Currency: 
[...] 
1.1.4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[...] 
1.1.5. 
Specified Denominations: 
The Series Aggregate Nominal Amount is divided 
into [...] Notes. 
  
Nominal amount of the Note is [...]. 
 
1.1.6. 
Issue Price: 
100% of the Notes nominal amount 
1.1.7. 
Offer Price of one Note: 
[...] or Principal Amount Outstanding of one Note

--- Page 82 ---
81 
 
1.1.8. 
Issue Date: 
[...] 
1.1.9. 
Maturity Date: 
[...] 
1.1.10. 
Interest Rate: 
[...]% per annum 
1.1.11. 
Interest Accrual Periods:         
   From the Notes purchase date up to, but not 
including the Loan Interest Payment Date for the 
first Interest payment. 
From the previous Loan Interest Payment Date up 
to, but not including the next Loan Interest 
Payment Date or Loan Repayment Date for the 
last Interest payment 
1.1.12. 
Interest Payment Date (s): 
Up to 10 Business Days after the corresponding 
Loan Interest Payment Date (1.2.20.) and subject 
to the actual receipt by the Issuer of the relevant 
payment in relation to the Loan from the Lending 
Company 
1.1.13. 
Redemption Date (s): 
Up to 10 Business Days after the corresponding 
Loan Repayment Date (1.2.20.) and subject to the 
actual receipt by the Issuer of the relevant 
payment in relation to the Loan from the Lending 
Company 
1.1.14. 
Indication of Yield: 
[...]% per annum 
1.1.15. 
Buyback Obligation: 
[...] 
1.1.16. 
Pending Payments Penalty Fee: 
[...]%

--- Page 83 ---
82 
 
1.2. Information relating to the Series Specific Loans  
Information relevant to the pool of Series Specific Loans   
Number 
Disclosure requirement 
Details 
1.2.1. 
Loan type: 
[...] 
1.2.2. 
Loan disbursement currency: 
[...] 
1.2.3. 
Total outstanding principal amount 
of Series Specific Loans transferred 
to the Issuer:  
  
[...] 
1.2.4. 
Series Specific Rate (%): 
[...] 
1.2.5. 
Late Payment Interest (%): 
[...] 
1.2.6. 
Grace Period: 
[...] days 
1.2.7. 
Amortization method: 
[...] 
1.2.8. 
Extension possibility: 
[...] 
1.2.9. 
Limit on the number of Extensions: 
[...] 
1.2.10. 
Total 
maximum 
time 
limit 
of 
Extensions: 
[...] calendar days as of the Loan Final Repayment 
Date 
1.2.11. 
Skin in the game retained by the 
Lending Company (%): 
Lending Company retains the skin in the game in 
the amount of [...]% from the Loan outstanding 
principal amount.

--- Page 84 ---
83 
 
Information on the Series Specific Loans  
1.2.12.Loan ID 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
1.2.13. Outstanding 
  principal amount 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
1.2.14. Final 
  Repayment Date* 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
1.2.15. 
Initial 
Loan-to-
Value (LTV) (%) 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
1.2.16. Current 
  Loan-to-Value 
(LTV) 
(%) 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
1.2.17. Borrower's details 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
1.2.18. 
Collateral 
provided by the Borrower 
to the Lending Company 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
1.2.19. 
Collateral 
description 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
*Unless the early Loan repayment and/or the Loan term extension takes place. For more information, please see Section 11 “Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes” in the Base Prospectus  
1.2.20. Loan Interest Payment Dates or payment dates of the Variable part of the Loan Amount (both defined as “Interest” in the below table) and Loan 
Repayment Dates and amounts

--- Page 85 ---
84 
 
 
Loan ID 
[...] 
[...][...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
[...] 
Loan 
Repayment 
Date and 
Loan 
Interest 
Payment Date 
Principal 
/ 
Interest 
Principal 
/ 
Interest 
Principal 
/ 
interest 
Principal 
/ 
Interest 
Principal 
/ 
Interest 
Principal 
/ 
Interest 
Principal 
/ 
Interest 
Principal 
/ 
Interest 
Principal 
/Interest 
Principal /Interest 
[...] 
[...] / [...] 
[...] / [...] 
[...] / [...] 
[...] / [...] 
[...] / [...] 
[...] / [...] 
[...] / [...] 
[...] / [...] 
[...] / [...] 
[...] / [...]

--- Page 86 ---
85 
 
 
Part 2 - Responsibility and authorisation  
The Management Board of the Issuer: 
 
Title Name, surname 
Chairman of the Management Board Martins Sulte 
Member of the Management Board Martins Valters 
accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms which, when read together 
with the Base Prospectus referred to above, contains all information that is material to the issue of the 
Notes. 
 
The information provided in the elements 1.2. above has been sourced from the DUCATOS SPÓŁKA 
Z OGRANICZONĄ ODPOWIEDZIALNOŚCIĄ (the “Lending Company”). Hereby the Issuer confirms 
that this information has been accurately reproduced according to the process of information exchange 
via API, provided in the Transaction Documents and that as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to 
ascertain from information provided by the Lending Company, no facts have been omitted which would 
render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. For the aforesaid limitation of the Issuer's 
and Mintos liability provided in Subsection 11.25. “Limitation of a Liability” in the Base Prospectus 
applies. 
This Notes Series issue is authorised by the Meeting of the Management Board of the Issuer, Minutes 
No. [...] as of [...] [...] 2022.