--- Page 2 ---
1 
SIA TWINO INVESTMENTS POLAND 
(a limited liability company incorporated and registered in Latvia  
with the unified registration number 40203380395 and LEI 984500BDTE51D13B6879) 
EUR 90 000 000 PROGRAMME FOR THE ISSUANCE OF ASSET-BACKED SECURITIES 
Under this EUR 90 000 000 Programme for the Issuance of Asset-Backed Securities (the “Programme”) described 
in this Base Prospectus (as may be amended, updated and supplemented from time to time) (the “Base 
Prospectus”) SIA TWINO Investments Poland, incorporated in and operating under the laws of Latvia with unified 
registration number 40203380395 (the “Issuer”) subject to compliance with all the relevant laws and regulations 
may from time to time issue in one or several series (the “Series”) asset-backed securities (the “Securities”) 
denominated in EUR. The maximum aggregate nominal amount of the Securities from time to time outstanding 
under the Programme and issued by the Issuer will not at any time exceed EUR 90 000 000 (or its equivalent in 
any other currency). The Securities will be distributed by way of a public offer.  
References herein to “the Base Prospectus” shall, where applicable, be deemed to be references to the Base 
Prospectus, including the documents attached herein or incorporated herein by reference (see Section 3 
“DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE” herein), as supplemented or amended from time to time.  
To the extent not set forth in the Base Prospectus, the specific terms of any Securities will be included in the 
relevant final terms (the “Final Terms”) (a form of which is contained herein), therefore the prospectus relating 
to Series issued under the Programme consists of this Base Prospectus and the respective Final Terms. 
The nominal amount of each Security shall be specified in the Final Terms and shall be at least EUR 1.00. The 
Securities will be offered for subscription for a minimum investment amount, which will be specified in the Final 
Terms. The Securities will be issued in registered and book-entry form. The Securities shall be governed by the 
laws of Latvia. 
The Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with Article 8 of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are 
offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing Directive 2003/71/EC (the 
“Prospectus Regulation”) and the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019 
supplementing Prospectus Regulation as regards the format, content, scrutiny and approval of the prospectus to 
be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing 
Commission Regulation (EC) No 809/2004 (the “Delegated Regulation”), in particular, with Annex 9 “Registration 
document for asset-backed securities”, Annex 14 “Securities note for retail non-equity securities” and Annex 19 
“Asset-backed securities” thereof. 
The Bank of Latvia (in Latvian – Latvijas Banka) (the “BoL”) in its capacity as the competent authority in Latvia for 
the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, has approved the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus is valid for a 
period of twelve (12) months after its approval by the BoL and must during such period in accordance with 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation be completed by a supplement to the Base Prospectus in the event of any 
new significant facts or material errors or inaccuracies. The obligation to supplement the Base Prospectus in the 
event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies does not apply when the Base 
Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Investment in the Securities to be issued under the Programme described in the Base Prospectus involves certain 
risks. Prospective investors should carefully acquaint themselves with such risks before deciding to invest in the 
Securities (see Section 2 “RISK FACTORS” herein). Investment in the Securities must be based on the Base 
Prospectus as a whole. Hence, we ask you to study the Base Prospectus with care. 
Except where specified otherwise, capitalised words and expressions in the Base Prospectus have the meaning 
given to them in Section 12.17 “DEFINITIONS” of the Terms and Conditions of the Securities. The Base Prospectus 
and any supplement thereto will be published on the website www.twino.eu and copies may be obtained at the 
following address: 2A Pērses Street, Riga, LV-1011, Latvia during normal business hours on any business day.  
 
The date of the Base Prospectus is 13th of May 2024.

--- Page 3 ---
2 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
Words and expressions defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Securities or elsewhere in the Base Prospectus have the same meanings in 
this section, unless otherwise stated.  
The Base Prospectus (together with any supplement thereto published from time to time (each a “Supplement" 
and, together, the “Supplements")) constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus 
Regulation, and for the purposes of giving all necessary information, with regard to the Issuer, the Securities and 
the other parties involved in the issuance and offering of the Securities, which is necessary to enable investors to 
make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of 
the Issuer, the rights attaching to the Securities and the reason for the issuance and its impact on the Issuer.  
Considering that the Base Prospectus contains information that is material in the context of the issue and offering 
of the Securities, responsibility for the information provided in the Base Prospectus is defined in Section 10.1 
“RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT” herein.  
The Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with any Supplement thereto and with any 
relevant information of the documents incorporated by reference (see Section 3 “DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE" 
herein), the information of which shall be incorporated in and form part of the Base Prospectus and, in relation 
to any Series (as defined herein) of Securities, should be read and construed together with the relevant Final 
Terms, the Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms being together, the “Base Prospectus". 
No person has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any representation not contained 
in or not consistent with the Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme 
or any information supplied by the Issuer or such other information as is in the public domain and, if given or 
made, such information or representation should not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or 
the Distributor.  
No representation or warranty is made or implied by the Distributor or any of their respective affiliates, and the 
Distributor or any of their respective affiliates makes any representation or warranty or accepts any responsibility, 
as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in the Base Prospectus. Neither the delivery of 
this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Security shall, in any 
circumstances, create any implication that the information contained in the Base Prospectus is true subsequent 
to the date thereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or 
supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial situation of the Issuer since the date 
thereof or, as the case may be, the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or 
supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct at any time 
subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the 
same.  
The distribution of the Base Prospectus, any Final Terms, any offering materials under the Programme and the 
offering, sale and delivery of the Securities in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law.  
Under no circumstances shall the Base Prospectus constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, 
nor shall there be any sale of the Securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be 
unlawful. No action has been taken by the Issuer or the Distributor which would permit a public offering of any 
Securities or distribution of the Base Prospectus in any such jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Accordingly, no Securities may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly and neither the Base Prospectus nor any 
Final Terms or other offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under 
circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations and the Distributor has 
represented that all offers and sales by them will be made on the same terms. Persons into whose possession the 
Base Prospectus or any Final Terms come are required by the Issuer and the Distributor to inform themselves 
about and to observe any such restrictions. 
Neither the Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the 
Issuer or the Distributor to subscribe for, or purchase, any Securities. For a description of certain restrictions on 
offers, sales and deliveries of the Securities and on the distribution of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and 
other offering material relating to the Securities, see Section 12.9 “Subscription and Sale" herein.  
MiFID II Product Governance / Target Market. The Base Prospectus in respect of any Securities includes a legend 
entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" providing information about the Target Market assessment in respect of 
the Securities undertaken by the Distributor by taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of

--- Page 4 ---
3 
the Guidelines published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) on 5 February 2018 and the 
determined appropriate distribution channels of the Securities that are appropriate. For the avoidance of doubt, 
the Issuer is not a MiFID II regulated entity and does not qualify as a distributor or a manufacturer under the 
Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID II Product Governance Rules"). 
The Issuer is not and will not be regulated by the BoL as a result of issuing the Securities. Any investment in 
Securities does not have the status of a bank deposit and is not within the scope of the deposit protection scheme 
operated by the BoL. 
Independent review and advice. The investment activities of certain investors are subject to investment laws and 
regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each prospective investor of Securities must determine, 
based on its own independent review and such professional advice as it deems appropriate under the 
circumstances, that its acquisition of the Securities is fully consistent with its financial needs, objectives and 
condition, complies and is fully consistent with all investment policies, guidelines and restrictions applicable to it 
and is a fit, proper and suitable investment for it, notwithstanding the clear and substantial risks inherent in 
investing in or holding the Securities. 
A prospective investor may not rely on the Issuer or the Distributor or any of their respective affiliates in 
connection with its determination as to the legality of its acquisition of the Securities or as to the other matters 
referred to above.  
The Securities may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each prospective investor in the Securities must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each prospective 
investor should:  
a. 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Securities, the merits 
and risks of investing in the relevant Securities and the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in the Base Prospectus or any Supplement thereto and the relevant Final Terms;  
b. have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the relevant Securities and the impact the relevant Securities will 
have on its overall investment portfolio;  
c. 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Securities, 
including Securities with principal or interest payable in EUR currency, or where the currency for principal 
or interest payments is different from the prospective investor's own currency;  
d. understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Securities and be familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant indices and financial markets;  
e. be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks; 
and  
f. 
be aware, in terms of laws and regulations and regulatory regime applicable to such investor of the 
applicable restrictions on its ability to invest in the Securities.  
A prospective investor should not invest in Securities unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a financial 
adviser) to evaluate how the Securities will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value 
of such Securities and the impact this investment will have on the prospective investor's overall investment 
portfolio.  
A prospective investor must comply with the laws and regulations that apply to it in any place in which it invests 
in Securities or possess the Base Prospectus. The Issuer or the Distributor are not responsible for compliance with 
these legal requirements, including any consents or approvals that may be necessary to invest in Securities. 
Warning – Taxation. The tax legislation of the investor’s residence state and of the Issuer’s country of 
incorporation may have an impact on the income received from the Securities. Prospective investors of the 
Securities should be aware that they may be required to pay taxes or documentary charges or duties in 
accordance with the laws and practices of the jurisdiction where the Securities are transferred or other applicable 
jurisdictions. In some jurisdictions, no official statements of the tax authorities or court decisions may be available 
for innovative financial notes such as the Securities.  
Credit ratings. Neither the Base Prospectus, any relevant Final Terms, nor any other information supplied in 
connection with the offering of the Securities is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation, 
or should be considered as a recommendation or an offer, or invitation to purchase any Securities.

--- Page 5 ---
4 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Securities and/or to the Issuer. 
The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors 
discussed in this section, and other factors that may affect the value of the Securities. A credit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time.  
The credit ratings of the Issuer are an assessment of its ability to pay its obligations, including those arising from 
the Securities.

--- Page 6 ---
5 
DISTRIBUTION OF THE BASE PROSPECTUS AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
The distribution of the Base Prospectus and any Final Terms may in certain jurisdictions be restricted by law. The 
Base Prospectus and any Final Terms may not be used for the purpose of, or in connection with, an offer or 
solicitation by anyone in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorised or to any person to 
whom it is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation. As of the date of the Base Prospectus, no actions have been 
taken to register or qualify the Securities, or otherwise to permit a public offering of the Securities, in any 
jurisdiction other than Latvia.  
The Issuer and the Distributor and any of their respective affiliates expect persons into whose possession the Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms comes to inform themselves of and observe all such restrictions. Neither the Issuer 
nor the Distributor nor or any of their respective affiliates accept any legal responsibility for any violation by any 
person, whether or not a prospective investor is aware of such restrictions.  
The Base Prospectus and any Final Terms may not be forwarded or distributed other than as provided herein and 
may not be reproduced in any manner whatsoever. This Base Prospectus and any Final Terms is not distributed 
to the United States, Australia, Canada, Japan, Hong Kong, Singapore or any other jurisdiction in which it would 
be unlawful. Accordingly, the Securities may not be offered, sold, resold, delivered, distributed or otherwise 
transferred, either directly or indirectly, in or into any or from the United States absent registration under the 
Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or an exemption therefrom, and incompliance with applicable state securities 
laws. 
The BoL, considered as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation, has approved this Base Prospectus. 
The Distributor has submitted to BoL notifications of intention to provide cross border services and / or activities 
in another EEA states in accordance with Article 34(2) MiFID, which have been passed to the respective EEA 
member states’ authorities. Furthermore, the Issuer has agreed that it has not made any public offer of Securities 
prior to that EEA member state’s authority receiving a certificate of approval of the BoL attesting that the Base 
Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation together with a copy of the Base 
Prospectus. 
Accordingly, any person making or intending to make an offer of Securities within the EEA which are the subject 
of an offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms (other than the offer of 
Securities in Latvia) may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or the Distributor 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. 
The Base Prospectus is to be offered to the public in Latvia and subject to BoL notification to respective EEA 
Member States’ authorities by providing the certificate of approval attesting that the provision Base Prospectus 
has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation in Austria, Belgium, Czech Republic, Estonia, 
France, Germany, Italy, Lithuania, Netherlands, Portugal and Spain.

--- Page 7 ---
6 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
1. 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME................................................................................ 7 
2. 
RISK FACTORS ........................................................................................................................ 10 
3. 
DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE .......................................................................................................... 20 
4. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE UNDERLYING ASSET ................................................................................... 21 
5. 
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE .................................................................................................. 26 
6. 
THE ISSUER ........................................................................................................................... 27 
7. 
THE LENDER .......................................................................................................................... 30 
8. 
THE LOAN ORIGINATOR ........................................................................................................... 33 
9. 
THE DISTRIBUTOR ................................................................................................................... 46 
10. CERTAIN NOTICES TO INVESTORS .............................................................................................. 47 
11. TAXATION ............................................................................................................................. 51 
12. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES .............................................................................. 53 
13. FORM OF THE FINAL TERMS ..................................................................................................... 67

--- Page 8 ---
7 
1. GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
This general description constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25.1(b) of the Delegated Regulation 
(EU) 2019/980 (as defined below) and must be read as an introduction to the Base Prospectus. It does not, and is not intended to, constitute a 
summary of this Base Prospectus within the meaning of Article 7 of the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below) or any implementing 
regulation thereof. The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified by, the remainder of this Base 
Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Series and the relevant Final Terms. 
Any decision to invest in the Securities should be based on a consideration of the Base Prospectus as a whole, including any amendment and/or 
supplement hereto and the documents incorporated by reference herein.  
Words and expressions defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Securities or elsewhere in the Base Prospectus have the same meanings in 
this section, unless otherwise stated.  
Issuer: 
SIA TWINO Investments Poland, incorporated and registered as a limited 
liability company (in Latvian – sabiedrība ar ierobežotu atbildību) in the 
Commercial Register of Enterprises of Latvia on 15 February 2022 with 
the unified registration number: 40203380395. It is organised and 
operating pursuant to the laws of Latvia and has been established for an 
indefinite period of time. The Legal Entity Identifier (“LEI”) of the Issuer is 
984500BDTE51D13B6879. The registered address and office of the Issuer 
is at: 2A Pērses Street, Riga, LV-1011, Latvia and its telephone number is: 
+371 67 799 997.  
Issuer Legal entity identifier (LEI): 
984500BDTE51D13B6879 
Programme: 
EUR 90 000 000 Programme for the Issuance of Asset-Backed Securities 
described in this Base Prospectus. 
Programme limit: 
Up to EUR 90 000 000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at the date 
of issue of any Securities) aggregate nominal amount of Securities 
outstanding at any one time in accordance with the Programme.  
Offering:  
The Base Prospectus has been registered with and approved by the BoL 
in its capacity as the competent authority in Latvia for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation. The Base Prospectus is valid for a period of twelve 
(12) months after its approval by the BoL, during which time the Issuer 
may periodically issues Securities that are further available to investors 
on the Platform of the Distributor.  
Risk factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its 
obligations under the Securities issued under the Programme, that are 
specific to the Issuer and/or the Securities and which are material for 
taking an informed investment decision. These are set out under in 
Section 2 “RISK FACTORS” herein. 
Distributor: 
AS TWINO Investments, incorporated and registered as a joint stock 
company (in Latvian – akciju sabiedrība) in the Commercial Register of 
Enterprises of Latvia on 26 March 2020 with the unified registration 
number: 44103143823. It is organised and operating pursuant to the laws 
of Latvia and has been established for an indefinite period of time. The 
Legal 
Entity 
Identifier 
("LEI”) 
of 
the 
Distributor 
is 
984500856AF4DF5FAT57. The registered address and office of the 
Distributor is at: 2A Pērses Street, Riga, LV-1011, Latvia and its telephone 
number is: +371 67 799 997. 
The Distributor is authorized as an investment firm by the BoL on 31 
August 2021 under the licence number: 06.06.08.720/536 to provide the 
investment services and ancillary services.  
Distribution:  
The Securities will be offered solely over the counter on the Website. The 
Distributor shall act as an intermediary between the investors and other 
parties involved in the process of issuing the Securities.

--- Page 9 ---
8 
Issuance in the Series: 
The Securities will be issued periodically in several Series having different 
issue dates. Each Series shall have a unique ISIN number, its own Final 
Terms and be linked to a specific Loan Receivable.  
Form of the Securities: 
The Securities will be issued in registered and book-entry form. The 
register of transactions will be kept by the Distributor. 
Currency: 
Subject to compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or 
central bank requirements, the Securities will be issued and all payments 
on the Securities shall be made by the Issuer in EUR. 
Status of the Securities: 
The obligations of the Issuer in respect of the Securities rank pari passu 
without any preference among themselves, as well as with respect to all 
general, direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations 
of the Issuer and without any preference among themselves and at least 
pari passu with any present or future obligation. 
Issue price: 
The Securities will be issued at their Nominal Value (EUR 1.00) unless 
stated otherwise in the Final Terms. 
Size:  
Subject as set out herein, the maximum aggregate nominal amount of the 
Securities from time to time outstanding under the Programme issued by 
the Issuer will not exceed EUR 90 000 000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency calculated as described herein). 
Interest rate: 
The Interest rate of the Security shall be fixed and independent from the 
interest rates of the Loan Receivables and shall be defined within the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Maturity Date: 
The Maturity Date will match the maturity date of the corresponding Loan 
Receivable. 
Denomination: 
The Securities shall be issued and sold to the Securityholder at the Issue 
Price that is equal to the Nominal Value, which is EUR 1.00, unless stated 
otherwise in the relevant Final Terms. A single Security cannot be split 
among several Securityholders and can be owned by a single 
Securityholder only and, thus, the minimum amount to invest is EUR 1.00. 
There are no limitations as to the amount and numbers of the Securities 
that a single Securityholder can have. 
Type and class of the Securities: 
The Securities are asset-backed debt securities and are not divided into 
classes. 
Rights attached to the Securities: 
The Securities will bear interest from (and including) the day a Security is 
issued at a rate specified in the relevant Final Terms. The interest is 
payable on a monthly basis. 
The Securityholder has the right to sell the Security to other 
Securityholders on the Platform. 
Scheduled Redemption: 
The repayment of the Securities shall be made subject to the repayment 
of the relevant Loan Receivable to which the Securities are linked to by 
the Loan Originator to the Issuer. Whenever the Issuer receives a 
scheduled repayment of the principal of any of the Loan Receivables, the 
amount shall be distributed equally among all the Securities backed by 
the corresponding Loan Receivable.  
Early Mandatory Redemption: 
The Security part related to the Loan Receivable shall be repaid in full or 
in part (as might be the case), if: 
a. the Loan Receivable ceases to exist; 
b. an early full or partial repayment is made by the Loan Originator 
to the Issuer.

--- Page 10 ---
9 
Early Voluntary Redemption: 
The Issuer may redeem all or part of the outstanding Securities in full or 
in part before the Maturity Date at the Early Redemption Amount. The 
Issuer may not give a notice to the Securityholder. 
Redemption at the option of the 
Securityholder: 
Redemption at the option of the Securityholder is not applicable. 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Securities by the Issuer shall be made 
without withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or 
future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever 
nature, unless the withholding or deduction of the taxes is required by 
the laws of Latvia. In such case the Issuer shall withhold the tax from the 
payment to the Securityholder and pay the amount net of tax. 
Use of proceeds: 
The Issuer is a special purpose entity incorporated and registered with the 
sole goal to facilitate the process of the issuance of the Securities (see 
Section 10.8 “Use of Proceeds and Interests of Persons involved in the 
Issue and Offer” herein). 
Governing law: 
The Securities are created and issued in accordance with the laws of 
Latvia.

--- Page 11 ---
10 
2. RISK FACTORS 
The discussion below is of a general nature and is intended to describe various risk factors associated with an investment in the Securities. You 
should carefully consider the following discussion of risks, and any risk factors included in the documents incorporated by reference herein.  
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in Securities issued under the Programme, 
but the failure of the Issuer to pay interest (if any), principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Securities may occur or arise for 
other reasons which may not be considered significant risks by the Issuer based on information currently available to it or which it may not 
currently be able to anticipate.  
Words and expressions defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Securities or elsewhere in the Base Prospectus have the same meanings in 
this section, unless stated otherwise.  
To the best of the Issuer’s knowledge, in each category of Risk Factors, the risk factor identified by the Issuer as the most important appears 
first. For the rest of the risk factors, the order of appearance is not an indication of the importance or the likelihood of their occurrence. 
2.1. RISK FACTORS RELATED TO THE ISSUER 
The main risk factors that influence the Issuer are dependency on service providers and operational risks, 
including IT related and legal risks, in particular following risk factors should be considered in relation to the Issuer: 
Risk 
Risk rating 
Dependency on services provided by the third parties 
Medium 
Legal risks 
Low 
Cross-risks applicable to the Issuer 
Medium 
2.1.1. Dependency on services provided by the third parties  
In order to optimize operations and costs of business operations the Issuer uses information technology services 
provided by the Distributor and third parties such as cloud computing providers, communication providers, IT 
development service providers and license providers. Continuing relationships with service providers which are 
used to ensure daily operations are critical to the Issuer’s business. To be able to issue the Security, for each of 
the Series the Issuer must receive an ISIN code provided by Nasdaq CSD SE. However, it should be noted that 
there remains the risk that in case of any unpredictable event Nasdaq CSD SE might not be able to assign ISIN 
codes to the Issuer or cause a delay of the assignment, the Issuer and the Distributor might face the risk of further 
Security issuance interruption.  
If any IT system at any stage of the business operations were to fail, any or all stages of the business process could 
be affected. There can be no assurance of possible disruptions (even short-term) to the functionality of the IT 
systems and infrastructure, used by the Issuer. 
Any inability to maintain existing business relationships with banks, IT service providers and other third-party 
providers or the failure by these third-party providers to maintain the quality of their services or otherwise provide 
their services to the Issuer may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, financial condition, results 
of operations, prospects or cash flows.  
Risk rating: Medium. 
2.1.2. Legal risks 
The Issuer’s operations are subject to regulation by a variety of financial services and other state authorities, 
including, but not limited to, laws and regulations relating to issuance of Securities and personal data processing. 
Failure to comply with existing laws and regulations applicable to the Issuer’s operations, or to obtain and comply 
with all authorizations and permits required for the Issuer's operations, or adverse findings of governmental 
inspections, may result in the imposition of material fines or penalties or more severe sanctions, including 
preventing the Issuer from continuing its business activities, or in criminal penalties being imposed on the Issuer’s 
officers. 
The Issuer is subject to a variety of laws and regulations that involve user privacy issues, data protection, 
disclosures, distribution, electronic contracts and other communications and consumer protection.

--- Page 12 ---
11 
Failure to implement the requirements of data protection regulations, in particular the requirement of the 
General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (the “GDPR”), could result in severe damage claims from 
affected individuals and massive fines from the authorities responsible for supervision of GDPR compliance.  
In addition, the application and interpretation of these laws and regulations are sometimes uncertain and may be 
interpreted and applied inconsistently from supervisory authorities and may also be inconsistent with the Issuer’s 
current or past policies and practices.  
Existing and proposed laws and regulations can be costly to comply with and can increase the Issuer’s operating 
costs, require significant management time and attention, and be a subject to inquiries or investigations, claims 
or other remedies, including demands which may require the Issuer to modify or cease existing business practices 
and/or pay fines and penalties as mentioned above or other damages. This may have a material adverse effect on 
the Issuer’s business, financial condition, results of operations, prospects or cash flows. 
Risk rating: Low. 
2.1.3. Cross-risks applicable to the Issuer 
Considering the pass-through nature of the Issuer within the transaction flow, the Issuer and its abilities to pay 
amounts due to the Securityholders under the Securities are exposed to all the risks listed in Section 2.4. “RISK 
FACTORS RELATED TO THE LOAN ORIGINATOR” herein. 
Risk rating: Medium. 
2.2. RISK FACTORS RELATED TO THE DISTRIBUTOR 
The main risk factors that influence the Distributor are risks related to compliance and regulatory matters, third 
party service providers and others. 
Risk 
Risk rating 
Risk related to ensuring the compliance with existing regulatory enactments 
Medium 
Dependency on services provided by the third parties 
Low 
The risk of counterparty default 
Low 
2.2.1. Risk related to ensuring the compliance with existing regulatory enactments  
The Distributor’s operations are subject to regulation by BoL and other state authorities, including, but not limited 
to, laws and regulations relating to provision of investment services, as well as to anti-money laundering laws and 
sanction regulations. Failure to comply with existing laws and regulations applicable to the Distributor’s 
operations, or adverse findings of BoL inspections, may result in the imposition of material fines or penalties or 
more severe sanctions, including preventing the Distributor from continuing substantial parts of its business 
activities, suspension or revocation of the licenses, or in criminal penalties being imposed on the officers. 
Changes in laws or regulations made by the government or a regulatory body can increase the costs of operating 
Distributor’s business, reduce the attractiveness of an investment, change the competitive landscape, or it can 
even make a significant shifting in the framework of an industry, transformations in cost-structuring, as well as 
application of administrative sanctions from supervisory authorities (including, but not limited to, monetary fines) 
and impact on reputation of the Distributor. This may have a material adverse effect on the Distributor’s business, 
financial condition, results of operations, prospects, or cash flows. 
Risk rating: Medium. 
2.2.2. Dependency on services provided by the third parties  
In order to optimize costs of business operations, the Distributor uses information technology services provided 
by the third parties such as cloud computing providers, communication providers, IT development service 
providers and license providers. To be able to distribute the Security, for each of the Series, the Distributor must 
coordinate the security issuance process with Nasdaq CSD SE. However, it should be noted that the Distributor 
might face the risk of Security issuance interruption.

--- Page 13 ---
12 
If any IT system of the business operations were to fail, any or all stages of the security distribution process could 
be affected. There can be no assurance of possible disruptions (even short-term) to the functionality of IT systems 
used by the Distributor and IT infrastructure. 
Any inability to maintain existing business relationships with banks, IT service providers and other third-party 
providers or the failure by these third-party providers to maintain the quality of their services or otherwise provide 
their services to the Distributor may have a material adverse effect on the Distributor’s business and reputation.  
Risk rating: Low 
2.2.3. The risk of counterparty default 
The Distributor is subject to the risk of loss due to non-payments by the Loan Originator. The default is contingent 
on the inability or unwillingness of the Loan Originator to make the commission payments, which depend on the 
nominal value outstanding of the Securities that are issued on the platform. This includes scenarios where the 
respective party makes payments late, only partially or not at all. 
Any material reduction in commissions could have an effect on the Distributor’s business, financial condition, 
results of operations, prospects or cash flows. 
Risk rating: Low. 
2.3. RISK FACTORS RELATED TO THE LENDER 
The main risk factors that influence the Lender are related with information technology risk, and cross-risks 
related with the Issuer and the Loan Originator. Following risk factors should be considered in particular in relation 
to the Lender:  
Risk 
Risk rating 
Dependency on services provided by the third parties 
Medium 
Cross-risks applicable to the Lender 
Medium 
2.3.1. Dependency on services provided by the third parties 
To optimize operations and costs of business operations the Lender uses information technology services 
provided by the Distributor and third parties such as cloud computing providers, communication providers, IT 
development service providers and license providers. Continuing relationships with service providers which are 
used to ensure daily operations are critical to the Lender’s business. 
If any IT system at any stage of the business operations were to fail, any or all stages of the business process could 
be affected. There can be no assurance of possible disruptions (even short-term) to the functionality of the 
Lender’s IT systems and infrastructure, but the goal is to maintain system availability and uptime at 99.9%.  
Any inability to maintain existing business relationships with banks, IT service providers and other third-party 
providers or the failure by these third-party providers to maintain the quality of their services or otherwise provide 
their services to the Lender may have a material adverse effect on the Lender’s business, financial condition, 
results of operations, prospects or cash flows.  
Risk rating: Medium. 
2.3.2. Cross-risks applicable to the Lender 
Considering the pass-through nature of the Lender, the Lender and its abilities to pay amounts due to the 
Securityholder under the Securities are exposed to all the risks listed in sections 2.4. “RISK FACTORS RELATED TO 
THE LOAN ORIGINATOR” herein. 
Risk rating: Medium.

--- Page 14 ---
13 
2.4. RISK FACTORS RELATED TO THE LOAN ORIGINATOR 
The main risk factors that influence the Loan Originator are related with macroeconomics risk, market risk, credit 
risk and operational risk, including legal and information technology risk. Following risk factors should be 
considered in relation to the Loan Originator’s business and industry. 
Risk 
Risk rating 
Risks related to macroeconomic developments 
Medium 
Difficulties in assessing the credit risk 
Medium 
The risk of counterparty default 
Medium 
Substantial change in the underwriting standards 
Medium 
Inability to recover outstanding debt 
Medium 
Foreign exchange risk 
Medium 
Dependency on information technology (IT) systems 
Medium 
Dependency on services provided by the third parties 
Medium 
Risk related to ensuring the compliance with existing regulatory enactments 
Medium 
Failure to implement and comply with data protection requirements 
Medium 
Failure to comply with anti-money laundering and sanction risk management 
requirements 
Medium 
Industry related or strategic risks 
Medium 
Reputation risk 
Medium 
2.4.1. Risks related to macroeconomic developments 
The results of the Loan Originator’s operations are dependent on the macroeconomic situation in Poland. In 
particular, the Loan Originator’s operations are affected by such factors as the rate of inflation, the unemployment 
rate and changes in consumer affluence levels.  
An unexpected downturn in the economy could have an impact on the Loan Originator’s customers and negatively 
affect its growth and results of operations through higher demand for the consumer loan products from 
customers with reduced solvency. Also, customers’ capability to fulfil their obligations towards the Loan 
Originator may deteriorate, which could lead to an increase in the overdue portfolio, creating adverse effect on 
the Loan Originator’s business and financial position.  
Any negative effect on the economy may decrease income of the Loan Originator’s customers and thus the ability 
to fulfil their obligations. Such effects may also result in insolvency of the Loan Originator’s business partners, 
which could affect the Loan Originator’s operations, as well as its financial standing. Lastly, in case of an economic 
downturn, the price of the Securities and the ability of the Loan Originator to acquire further financing may be 
adversely affected.  
Any negative effect on macroeconomic level in Poland may have a material adverse effect on the Loan Originator’s 
business, financial condition, results of operations, prospects or cash flows. 
Risk rating: Medium. 
2.4.2. Difficulties in assessing the credit risk 
Despite credit scoring and client creditworthiness evaluation models used by the Loan Originator, it may be unable 
to correctly evaluate the current financial condition of each prospective customer and determine his or her 
creditworthiness. The Loan Originator’s financing decisions are based partly on information provided by the credit 
line applicants to the Loan Originator.

--- Page 15 ---
14 
Prospective customers may fraudulently provide inaccurate information upon which, if not alerted to the fraud, 
the Loan Originator may base own credit scoring models and creditworthiness assessment. Any failure to correctly 
assess the credit risk of potential customers, due to failure in the evaluation of the customer or incorrect 
information fraudulently provided by the customer, may have a material adverse effect on the Loan Originator’s 
business, financial condition, results of operations, prospects or cash flows and may even invoke regulatory 
sanctions (including imposition of fines and penalties, suspension of operations, or revocation of the license). 
The quality of credit risk is influenced by, among other factors, customers’ financial strength and general 
macroeconomic conditions. To assess the level of credit risk, the Loan Originator uses a variety of credit scoring 
criteria and customer creditworthiness evaluation models to evaluate a potential credit line. Also, the Loan 
Originator regularly monitors the performance of the Underlying Loans and maintains an allowance for estimated 
losses on loans and advances (including interest fees) at a level estimated to be adequate to absorb expected 
credit losses. 
The allowances for doubtful debts are estimated and if circumstances or risks arise that it is not identified or 
anticipated when developing the credit scoring model, the level of non-performing assets and write-offs could be 
greater than expected. Actual loss may materially exceed the level of the Loan Originator’s allowance for 
impairment loss, which may have a material adverse effect on the Loan Originator’s business, financial condition, 
results of operations, prospects or cash flows. 
Risk rating: Medium. 
2.4.3. The risk of counterparty default 
The Loan Originator is subject to the risk of loss due to non-payments by the Underlying Borrowers of their 
obligations. The default is contingent on the inability or unwillingness of the Underlying Borrowers to make 
payments. This includes scenarios where the contracting party makes payments late, only partially or not at all.  
The Loan Originator relies on detailed procedures in order to contact delinquent Underlying Borrowers for 
payment. However, there is still the risk that the implemented assessment procedures, monitoring of credit risk 
and maintenance of customer account records performed by the Loan Originator might not be sufficient to 
prevent negative effects for its operations.  
In addition, factors beyond the control of the Loan Originator, such as the impact of macroeconomic trends, 
political events or adverse events affecting key jurisdiction, or natural disasters, may result in an increase in non-
performing assets. The allowances for doubtful debts made by the Loan Originator may not be adequate to cover 
an increase in the amount of non-performing assets or any future deterioration in the overall credit quality of the 
total loan portfolio. If the quality of the Loan Originator’s total loan portfolio deteriorates, it may be required to 
increase its allowances for doubtful debts, which may have a material adverse effect on the Loan Originator’s 
business, financial condition, results of operations, prospects or cash flows.  
Risk rating: Medium. 
2.4.4. Substantial change in the underwriting standards 
Further credit risks could arise if the Loan Originator’s management decides on a more aggressive risk tolerance 
without compensating for it in the form of sufficient additional revenue. For instance, the acceptance policy for 
credit line agreements could be adjusted to a riskier approach with the setting of higher acceptance thresholds. 
This could lead to the situation that the total credit risk increases, but the planned income from the additional 
business does not compensate the additional risk related costs. Consequently, the Loan Originator’s operational 
results could be adversely affected. 
Risk rating: Medium. 
2.4.5. Inability to recover outstanding debt 
Various economic trends and potential changes to existing laws and regulations may contribute to an increase in 
the number of Underlying Borrowers subject to personal insolvency procedures. The ability to successfully collect 
the consumer loans may decline with an increase in personal insolvency procedures or a change in insolvency 
laws, regulations, practices, or procedures, which may have a material adverse effect on the Loan Originator’s 
business, financial condition, results of operations, prospects or cash flows.

--- Page 16 ---
15 
Risk rating: Medium. 
2.4.6. Foreign exchange risk 
Loan Originator issues the Underlying Loans in PLN currency. The Lender issues the Loan and, thus, the Issuer 
receives corresponding repayments of the Loan Receivables in EUR currency. As a result, Loan Originator is 
exposed to foreign exchange rate fluctuations and any failure to manage foreign exchange risk may have a 
material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, results of operations, prospects or cash flows. 
Risk rating: Medium. 
2.4.7. Dependency on information technology (IT) systems 
The Loan Originator’s operations rely on sophisticated information technology systems which ensures automation 
of business processes starting from customer registration, application, identification and credit scoring till debt 
collection of credit lines. The credit line issuing process is mainly performed automatically by IT systems 
supporting all process functionalities designed by the Loan Originator. 
The Loan Originator’s IT objective is based on aiming to utilize the most sophisticated technologies and solutions 
available on the market and enhance those in-house. The Loan Originator intends to continue making necessary 
investments in the IT systems and to adapt the business activities and software to support current and future 
growth. 
The Loan Originator’s financial performance and ability to meet its strategic objectives depends to a significant 
extent on the functionality of IT systems and ability to increase capacity and functionality of these. The Loan 
Originator is required to continuously improve and develop appropriate reserves and duplicate capacities, 
develop monitoring functions and control the operation of IT systems and the underlying IT infrastructure. 
However, there can be no assurance that the Loan Originator will be able to keep up to date with the most recent 
technological developments due to financial or technical limitations. There can be no assurance that the Loan 
Originator will be able at all times to successfully monitor, prevent and manage technological risks in the future. 
If any IT system were to fail, the credit line management process could be affected, thus the customer and partner 
access to the Loan Originator’s website and products could be disrupted. Any major disruption in the IT systems 
used by the Loan Originator or IT infrastructure would prevent customers from applying for credit lines, which 
would impact the Loan Originator’s ability to perform business activities. There can be no assurance of possible 
disruptions to the functionality of IT systems used by the Loan Originator and IT infrastructure. 
Any inability to mitigate technological risks of the IT systems and infrastructure or to adapt operations and 
software may have a material adverse effect on the Loan Originator’s business, financial condition, results of 
operations, prospects or cash flows. 
Risk rating: Medium. 
2.4.8. Dependency on services provided by the third parties 
To optimize operations and costs of business operations, the Loan Originator uses IT services provided by third 
parties such as cloud computing, communication, development tool and license providers. Continuing 
relationships with service providers which are used to ensure daily operations are critical to the Loan Originator’s 
business. 
Consumer credit agencies and other publicly available data sources are used to verify the identity and 
creditworthiness of potential credit line customers. In addition, every application is verified through one or more 
credit bureaus. Should access to such information be restricted or disrupted for any period of time, or if the rates 
that are charged for access to such information should significantly increase, the Loan Originator may not be able 
to complete automatic customer identifying and credit scoring checks in a timely manner or at all. This could 
impede the Loan Originator’s ability to process applications and to grant consumer credit lines, and/or increase 
the cost of operation. 
The Loan Originator advance consumer credit lines to customers and collects repayments from customers 
through local bank accounts. The Loan Originator’s continuing relationships with the banks with which it maintains 
accounts are critical to the business.

--- Page 17 ---
16 
The Loan Originator issues virtual cards assigned to the consumer credit lines as a part of international payment 
system. The Loan Originator holds an affiliate Mastercard license sponsored by DiPocket UAB which is an 
authorized e-money institution established in Lithuania. DiPocket operates under the supervision of the Bank of 
Lithuania and has to comply with all applicable financial and consumer protection laws. In addition, as a Principal 
Member of Mastercard, DiPocket is subject to Mastercard’s rules of conduct and other operational rules. 
The Loan Originator considers the operational activities performed by DiPocket to be essential as failure to 
perform or improper execution could seriously threaten the services provided by the Loan Originator. 
Moreover, at certain stage of debt the Loan Originator outsources the collection of consumer debt to debt-
collection agencies. The loss of a key debt-collection agency relationship, or the financial failure of one of the core 
debt-collection agency partners, could restrict the Loan Originator’s ability to recover delinquent debt, and there 
is no guarantee that a strategic debt-collection agency partner could be replaced in a timely manner or on 
favourable terms. 
Any inability to maintain existing business relationships with banks, local consumer credit agencies, IT service 
providers, debt-collection agencies and other third-party providers or the failure by these third-party providers 
to maintain the quality of their services or otherwise provide their services to the Loan Originator may have a 
material adverse effect on the Loan Originator’s business, financial condition, results of operations, prospects, or 
cash flows. 
Risk rating: Medium.  
2.4.9. Risk related to ensuring the compliance with existing regulatory enactments 
The Loan Originator’s operations are subject to regulation by a variety of consumer protection, financial services 
and other state authorities, including, but not limited to, laws and regulations relating to provision of payment 
services, consumer crediting and consumer rights protection, debt collection and personal data processing. 
Failure to comply with existing laws and regulations applicable to the Loan Originator’s operations, or to obtain 
and comply with all authorizations and permits required for its operations, or adverse findings of governmental 
inspections, may result in the imposition of material fines or penalties or more severe sanctions, including 
preventing the Loan Originator from continuing substantial parts of its business activities, suspension or 
revocation of the licenses, or even criminal penalties. 
Changes in laws or regulations made by the government or a regulatory body can increase the costs of operating 
Loan Originator’s business, reduce the attractiveness of an investment, change the competitive landscape, or 
even make a significant shifting in the framework of an industry, transformations in cost-structuring, as well as 
application of administrative sanctions from supervisory authorities (including, but not limited to, monetary fines) 
and impact on reputation and/or solvency of the Loan Originator. 
The application and interpretation of laws and regulations are sometimes uncertain, particularly in the new and 
rapidly evolving industry in which the Loan Originator operates and may be interpreted and applied inconsistently 
from supervisory authorities and may also be inconsistent with the Loan Originator’s current or past policies and 
practices. 
Laws and regulations can be costly to comply with and can delay or impede the development of new products, 
the expansion into new markets, result in negative publicity, increase the operating costs, require significant 
management time and attention, and be a subject to inquiries or investigations, claims or other remedies, 
including demands which may require the Loan Originator to modify or cease existing business practices and/or 
pay fines and penalties or other damages. This may have a material adverse effect on the Loan Originator’s 
business, financial condition, results of operations, prospects, or cash flows. 
Risk rating: Medium. 
2.4.10. Failure to implement and comply with data protection requirements 
Failure to implement the requirements of data protection regulations, in particular the requirement of the 
General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (GDPR), could result in severe damage claims from affected 
individuals and massive fines from the authorities responsible for supervision of GDPR compliance. 
Although the Loan Originator has implemented the procedures to address the GDPR requirements to its operation 
where GDPR applies, and the Loan Originator is continuously educating its employees on applicable laws and

--- Page 18 ---
17 
regulations in relation to privacy, data protection and other relevant matters, if the Loan Originator’s employees 
fail to comply with such laws and regulations in the future, the Loan Originator may become subject to fines or 
other penalties which may have a negative impact on its reputation and may have a material adverse effect on its 
business, financial condition, results of operations, prospects or cash flows. 
Risk rating: Medium. 
2.4.11. Failure to comply with anti-money laundering and sanction risk management requirements 
The Loan Originator is also a subject to anti-money laundering laws and sanction regulations, and related 
compliance obligations, therefore, the Loan Originator has put in place local anti-money laundering policies and 
procedures, which are applied in the Loan Originator’s business operations. However, the compliance with the 
anti-money laundering and sanction requirements of local laws may not prevent all possible breaches. If the Loan 
Originator is not in compliance with the relevant anti-money laundering laws and sanction regulations, the Loan 
Originator may be a subject to criminal and administrative penalties and other remedial measures. Any penalties, 
remedial measures or investigations into any potential violations of anti-money laundering laws and sanction 
regulations could harm the Loan Originator’s reputation and may have a material adverse effect on its business, 
financial condition, results of operations, prospects or cash flows. 
Risk rating: Medium. 
2.4.12. Industry related or strategic risks 
The Loan Originator operates in an evolving industry that may not develop as expected and which makes it difficult 
to evaluate the Loan Originator’s future prospects thus it may increase the risk that the Loan Originator will not 
be successful. Assessing business and future prospects is challenging in light of the risks and difficulties the Loan 
Originator may encounter. These risks and difficulties include the Loan Originator’s ability to: 
a. 
Increase the number and total volume of credit lines; 
b. Improve the terms on which the Loan Originator provides credit lines to its customers as business 
becomes more efficient; 
c. 
Successfully develop and deploy new products; 
d. Favourably compete with other companies that are currently in, or may in the future enter, the business 
of consumer lending; 
e. Successfully navigate economic conditions and fluctuations in credit markets; 
f. 
Effectively manage the growth of the business. 
The Loan Originator may not be able to successfully address these risks and difficulties, which could have a 
material adverse effect on the Loan Originator’s business, financial condition, results of operations, prospects or 
cash flows. 
Risk rating: Medium. 
2.4.13. Reputation risk  
The ability to attract new customers and retain existing customers of the Loan Originator depends in part on the 
brand recognition and reputation for and delivery of high-quality services. Ongoing legislative work on the 
activities of the lending industry builds up a negative image of the industry and points to the need to increase the 
legal protection of clients of loan companies. This attempts to justify the need for new regulations, while at the 
same time making it more difficult to attract new customers who are threatened by false information about the 
activities of loan companies. This can result in the risk of losing existing customers, difficulty in attracting new 
ones and an unjustified increase in business costs associated with the need to incur expenses to neutralize 
negative messages appearing in the media. Damage to the Loan Originator’s reputation and brand, may have a 
material adverse effect on the Loan Originator’s business, financial condition, results of operations, prospects or 
cash flows. 
Risk rating: Medium.

--- Page 19 ---
18 
2.5. RISK FACTORS RELATED TO THE SECURITIES  
The main risk factors that influence the Securities are related with repayment risk, liquidity risk, price risk and 
others. Following risk factors should be considered in particular in relation to investments in Securities and the 
trading market: 
Risk 
Risk rating 
Securities repayment risk 
Medium 
Liquidity risk 
Medium 
Price risk 
Medium 
Tax risk 
Medium 
Risk related with lack of specific securitization regulation 
Medium 
2.5.1. Securities repayment risk  
No collateral, pledge or other types of guarantees will be available for the Securityholder with respect to the 
Securities. However, the Securities will be backed by the Loan Receivables which have a pledge over the 
Underlying Portfolio. In case of Issuer’s insolvency, the Securityholder has the right as other creditors of the 
relevant group to receive the payment of the outstanding principal amount of the Securities and the interest 
accrued on the Securities according to the relevant laws governing the insolvency process of the Issuer. There are 
no direct contracts or other transaction documents concluded with the Securityholder, which would clearly define 
the subordination of the claims of the Securityholder to other unsecured obligations of the Issuer.  
However, the Assignment Agreement concluded between the Lender and the Issuer shall define among other 
terms and conditions that all claims arising from these Securities are subordinated to other claims of the Issuer. 
Furthermore, according to the Assignment Agreement the Issuer shall confirm that it will not perform any action 
which would impact the status of the Securities, i.e., the subordination of the claims arising from the Securities 
over other outstanding claims.  
Risk rating: Medium. 
2.5.2. Liquidity risk  
The Securities are not admitted to any trading venue and thus, can be considered as illiquid instruments. The 
potential buyers and transferees are limited only to other investors on the Website. Neither the Issuer, nor any 
other person guarantees the minimum liquidity of the Securities prior the initially agreed term has expired. The 
Securityholder should consider that there may be difficulties in selling the Securities to other Securityholders on 
the Platform, which might lead to selling at a discount to liquidate the Securityholder’s position. Discount rate 
and premium shall be capped to maximum of 29.9 per cent (for discount) and 4.9 per cent (for premium) change 
from Nominal Value correspondingly.  
Risk rating: Medium. 
2.5.3. Price risk  
Securities shall be repaid for their Nominal Value, however the fair value of the Security might significantly differ 
from the initial Nominal Value as price of the Security after the Issue Date may fluctuate, depending on what 
other investors are willing to pay for it. Neither the Issuer, nor any other person undertakes to maintain a certain 
price level of Securities, therefore a Securityholder may bear loss if they decide to sell the Security. 
Risk rating: Medium. 
2.5.4. Tax risk  
Tax rates and the payment procedure of taxes that is in force at the moment of the purchase of the Securities 
and is applicable to both tax residents and non-residents of Latvia may change over time. The Issuer will not 
compensate the Securityholder for any increase in taxes to be paid by them, therefore, the Securityholder may 
receive smaller payments related to the Securities over time.

--- Page 20 ---
19 
In the event that new regulation is introduced, or existing regulation or its interpretation changes so that the 
Issuer and/or Distributor needs to withhold additional taxes before making payments to the Securityholder, and 
the Issuer and/or Distributor is required to withhold any transfer tax, stamp duty and/or financial transactions 
tax, this could impact the expected return on investment for the Securityholder. Similar consequences might arise 
also in the Securityholder’s tax residence country, if the same takes place there. 
Risk rating: Medium. 
2.5.5. Risk related with lack of specific securitization regulation 
There are no dedicated laws and regime in Latvia addressing specific special purpose entity issuer insolvency or 
limited recourse concepts. The Issuer believes the Terms and Conditions of the Securities are set up and drafted 
as having legal force and addressing such concerns as legally binding contractual obligations. There might be 
circumstances that influence such legal construction, including, but not limited to the court ruling, or new or 
modified legal enactments. Eventually, this could lead to delayed payments, or partial or full loss of the amount 
invested in the Securities. 
Securities do not have the status of a bank deposit in Latvia or elsewhere, and thus Securities are not within the 
scope of the deposit protection or guarantee scheme operated by Latvia or any other jurisdiction. 
Risk rating: Medium.

--- Page 21 ---
20 
3. DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE 
Words and expressions defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Securities or elsewhere in the Base Prospectus have the same meanings in 
this section, unless otherwise stated. 
Throughout the period of the validity of the Base Prospectus, the copies of the following documents will be 
available for viewing on the Website and may be obtained, free of charge, during normal business hours at: 2A 
Pērses Street, Riga, LV-1011, Latvia: 
a. the Base Prospectus; 
b. the Memorandum and up to date articles of association of the Issuer; 
c. the Loan Originator’s audited standalone financial statements for year 2021; 
d. the Loan Originator’s audited standalone financial statements for year 2022; 
e. the Loan Originator’s audited standalone financial statements for year 2023 (once available); 
f. the Client Agreement between the Distributor and the Securityholder. 
Any interested party may download the above documents from the Website free of charge or request the delivery 
of electronic copies of the documents from the Issuer.  
In addition to the aforesaid documents, throughout validity of the Base Prospectus, copies of the following 
documents may be inspected at: 2A Pērses Street, Riga, LV-1011, Latvia: 
a. the Loan Agreement between the Loan Originator and the Lender; 
b. the Assignment Agreement between the Lender and the Issuer; 
c. the Distribution Agreement between the Distributor, the Lender and the Issuer. 
There are no reports, letters, and other documents, historical financial information, valuations and statements 
prepared by any expert at the Issuer's request any part of which is included or referred to in this Base Prospectus.  
Any other information on the Website does not form part of the Base Prospectus (with the exception of links to 
the electronic addresses where information incorporated by reference is available) and has not been scrutinised 
or approved by the BoL. 
The website of the Loan Originator does not form any part of the contents of the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 22 ---
21 
4. DESCRIPTION OF THE UNDERLYING ASSET 
The following overview contains basic information about the Securities and the Loan Receivables and should be read in conjunction with, and 
is qualified in its entirety by, the information set forth under “Terms and Conditions of the Securities” and information appearing elsewhere in 
this Base Prospectus. The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, the remainder 
of this document and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Series of Securities or the applicable Final Terms. The Final Terms 
relating to such Securities will be published on the Website (for investors in EEA). Words and expressions defined in “Terms and Conditions of 
the Securities” shall have the same meanings in this summary and throughout the entire Base Prospectus. 
4.1. THE SECURITIES AND TRANSACTION OVERVIEW 
The Issuer will issue the Securities to Securityholders for the sole purpose of funding the acquisition of the Loan 
Receivables, based on business loans issued by Lender to Loan Originator for the purpose of issuing Underlying 
Loans to Underlying Borrowers. Each Series of Securities will be issued in registered and book-entry form. The 
transactions will be structured in several steps, where the Issuer will always purchase the Loan Receivables from 
the Lender prior to the issuance of the Securities. 
The sale of the Loan Receivables will take place based on the Assignment Agreement between the Lender (as the 
assignor) and the Issuer (as the assignee). As a result, the Issuer will always have the legal title to the Loan 
Receivables, when it issues the Securities. The Securities shall be issued at par and no discount or premium shall 
be applied unless otherwise stated in the relevant Final Terms. 
Figure 1 - Transaction structure: Legal arrangements between the parties 
 
The amount of the Loan Receivables sold to the Issuer within a Series shall always be equal to the gross proceeds 
from the particular issuance of the Securities. The Assignment Fee shall be paid by the Issuer to the Lender after 
the Securities are issued and the Issuer has obtained the proceeds from the Securityholders. The Lender shall 
further transfer these funds to the Loan Originator in line with the Loan Agreement.

--- Page 23 ---
22 
The Loan Originator shall repay the Loan to Lender in line with the Loan Agreement. Lender shall further transfer 
the Loan Receivables to the Issuer in line with the Assignment Agreement. The Issuer shall then repay the 
Securities to the Securityholders using the funds from the Loan Receivables. Accordingly, all payments that the 
Issuer is obliged to make to the Securityholders under each Series will be made only from and to the extent of 
such sums received (or recovered by or on behalf of the Issuer) (net of tax) from the assets (i.e., Loan Receivables) 
securing such Series. 
Figure 2 - Transaction structure: Flow of Payments 
  
4.1.1. Coverage of the Securities 
No collateral, pledge or other types of guarantees will be available for the Securityholders with respect to the 
Securities. However, the Securities will be backed by the Loan Receivables. This means that the Issuer has the 
rights to receive the repayments made by the Loan Originator with respect to the Loans, which in terms of amount 
fully covers all Securities. The Loan Receivables shall be pledged by the Underlying Portfolio of the Loan Originator 
in line with the Loan Agreement, unless it becomes illegal for the pledge to remain in force in line with the laws 
of Poland in which case the Loan Receivables shall be unsecured. 
4.1.2. Transaction Documents: The Assignment Agreement 
The Assignment Agreement is concluded between the Lender (as the assignor) and the Issuer (as the assignee) 
with respect to the Loan Receivables. The purpose of this agreement is for the Issuer to have legal title to the 
Loan Receivables, which serve as the assets that are backing the Securities. The behaviour of the Securities is 
linked to the behaviour of the Loan Receivables (not the Underlying Loans) – the repayment (or delay) of the Loan 
Receivables triggers an equivalent repayment (or delay) of the Securities that are backed by those exact Loan 
Receivables. Key terms and conditions of the Assignment Agreement are as follows: 
Assignment Fee: 
The Issuer pays the Assignment Fee to the Lender for the Loan Receivables; 
Servicing of the Loan 
Receivables: 
Lender continues to service the Loan and receive repayments with respect to the Loan 
Receivables from the Loan Originator;

--- Page 24 ---
23 
Repayment of the 
Loan Receivables: 
Lender is obliged to transfer any repayments with respect to the Loan Receivables to 
the Issuer upon receiving such repayments from the Loan Originator; 
No guarantee by the 
Lender: 
Lender does not provide any kind of guarantee to the Issuer with respect to the 
repayment of the Loan Receivables. 
Skin-in-the-game: 
The Loan Receivables shall be assigned in full amount (with respect to the Loan issued) 
and the Lender shall not retain the title to any receivables arising from the Loan. 
Instead the skin-in-the-game requirement shall be fulfilled by economic substance by 
limiting the total outstanding Loan amount to a maximum of 95% of the total 
outstanding Underlying Loan portfolio of the Loan Originator. 
4.1.3. Transaction Documents: The Loan Agreement 
The Loan Agreement is concluded between the Lender (as the lender) and the Loan Originator (as the borrower) 
with respect to the Loan. The purpose of this agreement is for the Loan Originator to obtain funding to finance 
the disbursement of the Underlying Loans. The repayment of the Loan is not linked to or conditional upon the 
repayment of the Underlying Loans, but instead shall take place in line with the schedule, which is defined in the 
Loan Agreement itself, which consists of two elements: 
a. A master agreement that sets out the overall framework of the Loan including, but not limited to the 
procedure of and conditions for distributing the Loan; and 
b. Sub-agreements (i.e., appendixes) to the master agreement that define the exact terms and conditions 
of each individual Loan, which shall be distributed to the Loan Originator over time. 
The key terms and conditions of the Loan Agreement are as follows: 
Lender’s obligations 
The Lender commits to granting the Loan to the Loan Originator, if among other 
conditions (i) the latter has sufficient collateral to cover the Loan and (ii) Lender has 
received the Assignment Fee for the Loan Receivables from the Issuer; 
Loan disbursement 
procedure 
The Loan is distributed in the following manner: (i) the Loan Originator reserves an 
individual Loan amount with specific maturity date and other characteristics, which 
creates a new Loan Receivable, (ii) Lender assigns this Loan Receivable to the Issuer 
and (iii) Lender disburses this individual Loan (which is a part of the overall Loan) to the 
Loan Originator; 
The 
Loan 
Originator’s 
obligations 
The Loan Originator among other things commits to: (i) borrow the reserved amount 
on the agreed terms and conditions and (ii) repay the Loan in line with the schedule; 
Loan amount: 
The cumulative amount of all individual Loans shall be limited to a maximum of EUR 
90 000 000. The minimum amount of a single individual Loan is set to EUR 5 000. The 
amount of the individual Loans shall not mirror the amount of individual Underlying 
Loans, but instead they shall be independent from each other; 
Loan Term: 
The Loan Agreement is valid for four years after the confirmation of this Base 
Prospectus, which is the last day when the Loan has to be repaid in full and no part of 
the Loan can be outstanding. Individual Loans shall be granted for a term of 3 to 36 
months, where the initial maturity of any such Loan shall not exceed the end date of 
the Loan Agreement; 
Loan schedule: 
The repayment of the principal amount of each individual Loan shall be structured as 
a bullet payment, while the repayment of interest shall take place periodically both of 
which among other things shall be defined in the Final Terms; 
Interest on Loan: 
The Loan carries a fixed interest rate which is defined in the Final Terms; 
Triggers 
for 
the 
repayment of the 
Loan: 
The repayment of the Loan is not linked to or triggered by the repayment of the 
Underlying Loans, but instead takes place in line with the schedule;

--- Page 25 ---
24 
Extensions of the 
Loan: 
The Loan Originator has the right to extend the initial maturity of any of the individual 
Loans for no more than three times for a three-month period (in total nine-month 
period); 
Collateral: 
The Loan Originator shall be obliged to pledge the Underlying Loans in favour of the 
Lender and, thus, the Underlying Loans shall serve as a collateral for the Loan. In case 
the Loan Originator defaults on the Loan, the Lender shall have the right to take over 
the Underlying Loan portfolio from the Loan Originator. 
4.1.4. Withholding tax 
All payments in respect of the Securities by the Issuer shall be made without withholding or deduction for, or on 
account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature, unless 
the withholding or deduction of the Taxes is required by the laws of Latvia. In such case the Issuer shall withhold 
the tax from the payment to the Securityholder and pay the amount net of tax. (For more information, please see 
Section 11. “TAXATION”). 
4.2. ROLE OF THE PARTIES INVOLVED IN THE TRANSACTIONS 
4.2.1. The Loan Originator 
The Loan Originator grants the Underlying Loans to the Underlying Borrowers and services them throughout their 
entire lifetime, which is the principal business activity of the Loan Originator. It participates in the process of 
issuing the Securities by way of obtaining the Loan from the Lender in line with the Loan Agreement. The 
Underlying Portfolio serves as a pledge for the Loan and by economic substance serves as skin in the game, 
because the amount of the Loan shall not exceed 95% of the Underlying Portfolio. Under the Loan Agreement the 
Loan Originator confirms that the Underlying Portfolio is: 
a. Not alienated to any third party; 
b. Not encumbered with any encumbrances; 
c. 
Not subject to any disputes, except as occur in the ordinary course of business; 
d. Not subject to any limitations on making a recovery with regard to it; and 
e. Not subject to any other interest, right or claim over by third parties, in or in relation to it. 
Furthermore, the Loan Originator will not undergo any restructuring, acquire or establish any subsidiaries without 
prior written confirmation from the Distributor as long as the Loan from the Lender is not fully repaid. 
4.2.2. The Lender 
The Lender grants the Loan to the Loan Originator and sells (assigns) the Loan Receivables to the Issuer in line 
with the Assignment Agreement, which is the principal business activity of the Lender and the way in which it 
participates in the process of issuing the Securities. Under the Assignment Agreement the Lender confirms that 
the claims arising from the Loan Receivables are: 
a. Not alienated to any third party; 
b. Not encumbered with any encumbrances; 
c. 
Not subject to any disputes; 
d. Not subject to any restrictions that forbid to assign them to the Issuer; 
e. Not subject to any limitations on making a recovery with regard to them; and 
f. 
Not subject to any other interest, right or claim over by third parties, in or in relation to them. 
Furthermore, the Lender will not undergo any restructuring, acquire or establish any subsidiaries without prior 
written confirmation from the Issuer as long as the Loan Receivables are not fully repaid to the Issuer.

--- Page 26 ---
25 
4.2.3. The Issuer 
The Issuer issues the Securities to the Securityholders and uses the proceeds obtained to finance the acquisition 
of the Loan Receivables, which is the principal business activity of the Issuer. It shall repay the Securities to the 
Securityholders in line with the terms and conditions described in the Base Prospectus and the Final Terms. 
Among other conditions, the Securities shall be repaid upon successful recovery of the Loan Receivables, which 
are backing those particular Securities. 
The Securityholders will have no further recourse to the Issuer or any of the Issuer’s other assets in respect 
thereof. If the amount due and payable by the Issuer under such Securities exceeds the sums so received or 
recovered from the Loan Receivables, the right of any person to claim payment from the Issuer of any amounts 
exceeding such sums shall be extinguished, and Securityholders may take no further action to recover such 
amounts. 
So long as any Security remains outstanding, the Issuer will not enter other transactions or engage in any other 
business (except transactions contemplated by this Base Prospectus or similar offerings), declare any dividends 
or have any subsidiaries. 
4.2.4. The Distributor  
The Distributor operates as an investment brokerage company and organizes the process of issuing the Securities, 
which is the principal business activity of the Distributor. The Securities shall be unlisted and offered solely over 
the counter on the Website. It shall act as an intermediary between the investors and other parties involved in 
the process of issuing the Securities. In this respect, the Distributor shall act as a payment agent on behalf of the 
Lender and the Issuer to manage the cash flow and payments between the Issuer, the Lender and the Loan 
Originator. 
All such payments, where the Distributor acts as a payment agent shall be executed by the Distributor 
immediately, but no later than within 3 business days after the day of receiving the incoming funds (unless agreed 
otherwise by the parties) to make the corresponding outgoing payment, where the following order takes place: 
a. Funds from the investors are collected prior the purchase of the Securities; 
b. Issue Price is transferred to the Issuer after the Securities are issued; 
c. 
Assignment Fee is transferred to the Lender after the Issue Price is received by the Issuer; 
d. Loan is disbursed to the Loan Originator after the Assignment Fee is received by the Lender; 
e. Loan Receivables are transferred to the Issuer after the Loan is repaid by the Loan Originator; and 
f. 
The Securities are repaid to the Securityholders after the Loan Receivables are received by the Issuer. 
The Distributor shall also verify and ensure that the transactions between the parties involved in the process are 
compliant with applicable laws and regulations (Laws of Latvia and regulations of the European Union on the 
prevention of money laundering and terrorism and proliferation financing) and maintain the Register for the 
transactions.

--- Page 27 ---
26 
5. ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE 
The Issuer, the Lender and the Loan Originator all have the same ultimate beneficial owner – Mr Armands Broks 
(the “UBO”), however they belong to and operate under the management of different business divisions that are 
controlled by the UBO. These are: 
i) 
Investment business: 
The investment business operates under the brand name “TWINO” and is set up under two different legal 
entities (in the Base Prospectus jointly referred to as the “TWINO Group”): AS TWINO Investments, with the 
unified registration number: 44103143823 (the Distributor) and SIA TWINO Holding, with the unified 
registration number: 40203295313 (“SIA TWINO Holding”). Both the Issuer and the Lender are direct 
subsidiaries of SIA TWINO Holding and part of the TWINO Group, consisting of companies that operate in the 
investment business, including, but not limited to the Distributor. 
ii) 
Lending business: 
The lending business operates under the brand name “FINNO” and is set up under three different legal entities 
(in this Base Prospectus jointly referred to as the “FINNO Group”), amongst them is SIA FINNO Holding, with 
the unified registration number: 40203387406 (“SIA FINNO Holding”). SIA FINNO Holding is a part of the FINNO 
Group, which consists of companies that operate in the lending business. SIA FINNO Holding holds 100% 
shareholding in the Loan Originator. Historically the lending business operated under the TWINO brand, but 
along with the emergence of the investment business was separated from the latter both in terms of the legal 
structure, as well as the brand name. 
Figure 3 - Legal structure of the Issuer, the Lender and the Loan Originator

--- Page 28 ---
27 
6. THE ISSUER 
6.1. INCORPORATION AND OWNERSHIP 
SIA TWINO Investments Poland (the “Issuer”) was incorporated and registered as a limited liability company (in 
Latvian – sabiedrība ar ierobežotu atbildību) in the Commercial Register of Enterprises of Latvia on 15 February 
2022 with the unified registration number: 40203380395. It is organised and operating pursuant to the laws of 
Latvia and has been established for an indefinite period of time. The Legal Entity Identifier (“LEI”) of the Issuer is 
984500BDTE51D13B6879. The registered address and office of the Issuer is at: 2A Pērses Street, Riga, LV-1011, 
Latvia and its telephone number is: +371 67 799 997.  
The Issuer’s authorised, issued and paid-up share capital is EUR 2 800.00 divided into 2 800 ordinary shares with 
a nominal value of EUR 1.00 per share. Each share is entitled to one (1) vote. 100% of the shares of the Issuer are 
held by its sole shareholder SIA TWINO Holding, incorporated and registered as a limited liability company in 
Latvia with the unified registration number: 40203295313. The sole shareholder of SIA TWINO Holding is Mr 
Armands Broks, who is the sole ultimate beneficial owner of the Issuer. 
6.2. GOVERNANCE 
The Issuer is managed by the Management Board and the shareholders’ meeting. The Management Board is the 
executive body of the Issuer, which manages and represents the Issuer. The Management Board is responsible 
for the commercial activities and accounting of the Issuer as well as administration of the Issuer property in 
compliance with the law. Members of the Management Board are elected by the Issuer’s sole shareholder. In 
accordance with the Articles of Association, the Management Board of the Issuer consists of: 
 
Title: 
Member of the Management Board with the right to represent individually 
Full name: 
Mr Helvijs Henšelis 
Education 
and 
experience:  
Mr Helvijs Henšelis has a strong background in business. He has held positions such as 
a Tax manager in SIA “Pricewaterhouse Coopers”, SIA “Deloitte Latvia” and in both 
TWINO and FINNO Groups.  
Mr Helvijs Henšelis holds a bachelor’s degree in finance and economics from 
Stockholm School of Economics in Riga. 
Other positions:  
a. 
Member of the Management board of the Issuer, the Lender and the Distributor; 
b. CEO and member of the Management Board of SIA “Corta Solutions”; 
c. 
Chairman of the Management Board of AS TWINO Properties and SIA OC Finance; 
d. Member of the Management board of SIA FINNO, SIA FINNO Asia and SIA TWINO 
Investments Vietnam. 
 
The shareholders’ meeting is the highest decision-making body of the Issuer. Some of the main matters that are 
in the competence of the shareholders’ meeting are: (a) amendments to the Articles of Association; (b) increase 
or decrease of the share capital; (c) dividend approval; (d) election/dismissal of members of the Management 
Board; (e) approval of annual financial accounts and distribution of profit. 
6.3. BUSINESS 
The Issuer has been established as a special purpose entity for the purpose of issuing asset-backed securities 
(“Securities”). The Issuer does not undertake any business other than the issue and redemption of the Securities 
and other related transactions. The Issuer has no direct or indirect subsidiaries, and it does not own any shares 
of equity.

--- Page 29 ---
28 
6.4. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
The financial reporting process of the Issuer is overseen at TWINO Group level, to ensure the transparency and 
integrity of financial information and the effectiveness of the TWINO Group’s internal control and risk 
management system, including recommending the appointment and assessing the performance of the external 
auditor, and the effectiveness of the process for monitoring compliance with laws and regulations affecting 
financial reporting and code of business conduct. 
The selected standalone financial statements set forth below should be read in conjunction with the respective 
documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. The tables below present key selected audited 
standalone financial information for the Issuer for the financial year that ended on 31 December 2022 and 
unaudited standalone financial information for the Issuer for the financial year that ended on 31 December 2023. 
The financial statements of the Issuer are prepared in accordance with the International Financial Reporting 
Standards (IFRS). Audited financial statements for the financial year that ended on 31 December 2023 of the 
Issuer will be provided (made available on the Website) no later than 31 May 2024, in accordance with the terms 
set in applicable regulations - Law on Annual Statements and Consolidated Annual Statements Section 97, Clause 
1 (Gada pārskatu un konsolidēto gada pārskatu likums, 97.panta pirmā daļa). 
Figure 4 - Statement of profit and loss and other comprehensive income of the Issuer 
Statement of profit and loss (EUR) 
 
 
01.01.2023.-
31.12.2023. 
Unaudited 
15.02.2022.-
31.12.2022. 
Audited 
Net turnover 
- 
- 
Cost of sales 
- 
- 
Gross profit 
- 
- 
Other operating expenses 
- 
- 
Administrative expenses 
- 
- 
Net operating expenses 
- 
- 
Profit/(loss) before income tax 
- 
- 
Corporate income tax 
- 
- 
Profit/(loss) for the period 
- 
- 
Other income/(loss) not reflected 
in the statement of comprehensive income, net of taxes
- 
- 
Total profit/(loss) for the reporting period 
- 
- 
Statement of profit and loss and other comprehensive income of the Issuer does not have any values, due to 
reasons stated in the financial statements - the Issuer is a special purpose company (SPV) that acted as an agent 
in loan securitization transactions. Expenses directly or indirectly arising from (or related to) loan securitization 
transactions are recognized in specially created balance sheet accounts. The expenses recognized in these 
accounts, in accordance with the contracts concluded by the Issuer (within which the Issuer acted as an agent), 
are compensated by the other contracting party, thus the expenses and their compensation are not recognized 
in the profit or loss statement.

--- Page 30 ---
29 
Figure 5 –Balance sheet of the Issuer 
Balance sheet (EUR) 
 
31.12.2023. 
Unaudited 
31.12.2022. 
Audited 
ASSETS 
 
 
Intangible assets 
177 
231 
Accounts receivable 
15 070 
9 960 
Deferred expenses and accrued income 
5 364 
4 776 
Cash and cash equivalents 
2 636 
2 553 
Total assets 
23 247 
17 520 
EQUITY AND RESERVES 
 
Share capital 
2 800  
2 800  
Retained earnings or accumulated losses 
- 
- 
Total equity and reserves 
2 800 
2 800 
LIABILITIES 
 
Taxes and statutory social insurance contributions 
15 436 
9 874 
Debt to related companies 
- 
272 
Other liabilities 
425 
- 
Accrued liabilities 
4 586 
4 574 
Total liabilities 
20 447 
14 720 
Total liabilities, equity and reserves 
23 247 
17 520 
The Issuer’s audited financial statements for year 2022 are available on the Website, whereas the Issuer’s audited 
financial statements for the year 2023 will be available on the Website after 31st of May 2024. The table above 
presents key selected unaudited standalone financial information for the Issuer for the financial years ending on 
31 December 2023. The financial statements of the Issuer will be prepared in accordance with the International 
Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS). The Issuer does not publish interim financial statements, nor does it have 
any subsidiaries, so its accounts are non-consolidated. 
The Issuer has appointed auditor SIA “BDO ASSURANCE”, unified registration number 42403042353, with its 
registered address at Kaļķu Street 15-3B, Riga, LV-1050, Latvia, as the auditor for the financial statements for the 
time period from its incorporation on 15 February 2022 until 31 December 2022 and 1 January 2023 until 31 
December 2023. The Auditor is a member of the Latvian Association of Certified Auditors (Latvijas Zvērinātu 
revidentu asociācija). 
Since the date of the Issuer’s incorporation, there has been no significant change in the financial statements of 
the Issuer and no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of the Issuer. 
6.5. AUTHORISATION 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in Latvia in connection with the issue 
and redemption of the Securities prior their offering to public. The Programme and issue of the Securities was 
authorised by resolution of the sole shareholder of the Issuer passed on 13th of May 2024.  
6.6. LEGAL AND ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS 
Since the date of the Issuer’s incorporation, the Issuer has not been involved in any litigation or arbitration 
proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) which 
may have or have had a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer.

--- Page 31 ---
30 
7. THE LENDER 
7.1. INCORPORATION AND OWNERSHIP 
SIA TWINO Finance (the “Lender”) was incorporated and registered as a limited liability company (in Latvian – 
sabiedrība ar ierobežotu atbildību) in the Commercial Register of Enterprises of Latvia on 15 February 2022 with 
the unified registration number: 40203380408. It is organised and operating pursuant to the laws of Latvia and 
has been established for an indefinite period of time. The registered address and office of the Lender is at: 2A 
Pērses Street, Riga, LV-1011, Latvia and its telephone number is: +371 67 799 997. 
The Lender’s authorised, issued and paid-up share capital is EUR 2 800.00 divided into 2 800 ordinary shares with 
a nominal value of EUR 1.00 per share. Each share is entitled to one (1) vote. 100% of the shares of the Lender 
are held by its sole shareholder SIA TWINO Holding, incorporated and registered as a limited liability company in 
Latvia with the unified registration number: 40203295313. The sole shareholder of SIA TWINO Holding is Mr 
Armands Broks, who is the sole ultimate beneficial owner of the Lender. 
7.2. GOVERNANCE 
The Lender is managed by the Management Board and the shareholders’ meeting. The Management Board is the 
executive body of the Lender, which manages and represents the Lender. The Management Board is responsible 
for the commercial activities and accounting of the Lender as well as administration of the Lender property in 
compliance with the law. Members of the Management Board are elected by the Lender’s sole shareholder. In 
accordance with the Articles of Association, the Management Board of the Issuer consists of: 
 
Title: 
Member of the Management Board with the right to represent individually 
Full name: 
Mr Helvijs Henšelis 
Education and 
experience:  
Mr Helvijs Henšelis has a strong background in business. He has held positions such as a Tax 
manager in SIA “Pricewaterhouse Coopers”, SIA “Deloitte Latvia” and in both TWINO and 
FINNO Groups.  
Mr Helvijs Henšelis holds a bachelor’s degree in finance and economics from Stockholm 
School of Economics in Riga. 
Other 
positions:  
a. 
Member of the Management board of the Issuer, the Lender and the Distributor; 
b. CEO and member of the Management Board of SIA “Corta Solutions”; 
c. 
Chairman of the Management Board of AS TWINO Properties and SIA OC Finance; 
d. Member of the Management board of SIA FINNO, SIA FINNO Asia and SIA TWINO 
Investments Vietnam. 
 
The shareholders’ meeting is the highest decision-making body of the Lender. Some of the main matters that are 
in the competence of the shareholders’ meeting are: (a) amendments to the Articles of Association; (b) increase 
or decrease of the share capital; (c) dividend approval; (d) election/dismissal of members of the Management 
Board; (e) approval of annual financial accounts and distribution of profit. 
7.3. BUSINESS 
The Lender has been established as a special purpose entity for the purpose of (a) granting and issuing business 
loans to the Loan Originator as well as several other lending companies with which the Distributor cooperates 
with; (b) servicing these business loans throughout their entire lifetime; and (c) assigning these business loans to 
the issuers for issuance of financial instruments on the Platform. The Lender does not undertake any business 
other than the granting and issuing, servicing and assigning business loans and other related transactions. The 
Lender has no direct or indirect subsidiaries, and it does not own any shares of equity.

--- Page 32 ---
31 
7.4. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
The financial reporting process of the Lender is overseen at TWINO Group level, to ensure the transparency and 
integrity of financial information and the effectiveness of the TWINO Group’s internal control and risk 
management system, including recommending the appointment and assessing the performance of the external 
auditor, and the effectiveness of the process for monitoring compliance with laws and regulations affecting 
financial reporting and code of business conduct.  
Figure 6 - Statement of profit and loss and other comprehensive income of the Lender 
Statement of profit and loss (EUR) 
 
01.01.2023.-
31.12.2023. 
Unaudited 
15.02.2023.-
31.12.2023. 
Audited 
Net turnover 
- 
- 
Cost of sales 
- 
- 
Gross profit 
- 
- 
Administrative expenses 
- 
- 
Net operating expenses 
- 
- 
Profit/(loss) before income tax 
- 
- 
Corporate income tax 
- 
- 
Profit/(loss) for the period 
- 
- 
Other income/(loss) not reflected 
in the statement of comprehensive income, net of taxes 
- 
- 
Total profit/(loss) for the reporting period 
- 
- 
Statement of profit and loss and other comprehensive income of the Lender does not have any values, due to 
reasons stated in the financial statements - the Lender is a special purpose company (SPV) that acted as an agent 
in loan securitization transactions. Expenses directly or indirectly arising from (or related to) loan securitization 
transactions are recognized in specially created balance sheet accounts. The expenses recognized in these 
accounts, in accordance with the contracts concluded by the Lender (within which the Lender acted as an agent), 
are compensated by the other contracting party, thus the expenses and their compensation are not recognized 
in the profit or loss statement. 
Figure 7 - Balance sheet of the Lender 
Balance sheet (EUR) 
31.12.2023. 
Unaudited 
31.12.2022. 
Audited 
ASSETS 
 
 
Other debtors 
- 
4 678 
Deferred expenses and accrued income 
5 834 
474 
Cash and cash equivalents 
1 108 
511 
Total assets 
6 942 
5 663 
EQUITY AND RESERVES 
 
Share capital 
2 800  
2 800  
Retained earnings or accumulated losses 
- 
- 
Total equity and reserves 
2 800 
2 800 
LIABILITIES 
 
Debts to related parties 
- 
80 
Taxes and statutory social insurance contributions 
341 
- 
Other liabilities 
426 
- 
Accrued liabilities 
3 375 
2 783 
Total liabilities 
4 142 
2 863 
Total liabilities, equity and reserves 
6 942 
5 663 
 
The Lender’s audited financial statements for year ending in 31 December 2022 are available on the Website 
here, whereas the audited financial statements for 2023 will be available on the Website no later than 31st of May

--- Page 33 ---
32 
2024, in accordance with the terms set in applicable regulations - Law on Annual Statements and Consolidated 
Annual Statements Section 97, Clause 1 (Gada pārskatu un konsolidēto gada pārskatu likums, 97.panta pirmā 
daļa). The table above presents key selected unaudited standalone financial information for the Lender for the 
financial years ending on 31 December 2023. The financial statements of the Lender will be prepared in 
accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS). The Lender does not publish interim 
financial statements, nor does it have any subsidiaries, so its accounts are non-consolidated. 
The Lender has appointed auditor SIA “BDO ASSURANCE”, unified registration number 42403042353, with its 
registered address at Kaļķu Street 15-3B, Riga, LV-1050, Latvia, as the auditor for the financial statements for the 
time period from its incorporation on 15 February 2022 until 31 December 2022 and 1 Jaunary 2023 until 31 
December 2023. The Auditor is a member of the Latvian Association of Certified Auditors (Latvijas Zvērinātu 
revidentu asociācija). 
Since the date of the Lender’s incorporation, there has been no significant change in the financial statements of 
the Lender and no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of the Lender. 
7.5. LEGAL AND ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS 
Since the date of the Lender’s incorporation, the Lender has not been involved in any litigation or arbitration 
proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Lender is aware of) 
which may have or have had a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Lender.

--- Page 34 ---
33 
8. THE LOAN ORIGINATOR 
8.1. INCORPORATION AND OWNERSHIP 
Fincard Sp. z o.o. (former business name: Twincard Sp. z o.o.) ("Loan Originator”), was incorporated and registered 
as a limited liability company (In Polish – spółka z ograniczoną odpowiedzialnością) registered in Poland by the 
District Court for Warsaw, XIII Commercial Division on 12th September 2019 under KRS number 0000803716. The 
Loan Originator has entered into the register of small payment institutions under the number MIP49/2020. It is 
organised and operating pursuant to the laws of Poland and has been established for an indefinite period of time. 
The registered address and office of the Loan Originator is at: ul. Grzybowska 87, 00-844 Warsaw, Poland. 
The Loan Originator’s authorised, issued and paid-up share capital is PLN 14 000 000 divided into 280 000 
ordinary shares with a nominal value of PLN 50 per share. Each share is entitled to one (1) vote. 100% of the 
shares of the Loan Originator are held by its sole shareholder SIA FINNO Holding, incorporated and registered 
with unified registration number: 40203387406. The sole shareholder of SIA FINNO Holding is Mr Armands Broks, 
who is the sole ultimate beneficial owner of the Issuer. 
8.2. GOVERNANCE 
The Loan Originator is managed by the management board and the shareholders’ meeting. The management 
board is the executive body of the Loan Originator, which manages and represents the Loan Originator. The 
management board is responsible for the commercial activities and accounting of the Loan Originator as well as 
administration of the Loan Originator property in compliance with the law. Members of the management board 
are elected by the Loan Originator’s sole shareholder. In accordance with the Articles of Association, the 
management board of the Loan Originator consists of: 
 
Title: 
President of the Management Board with the right to represent individually 
Full name: 
Ms Izabela Sienkiewicz  
Education 
and 
experience:  
Mrs Izabela Sienkiewicz holds Master’s degree in strategic management as well as 
Bachelors Degree in Finance Management. Mrs Sienkiewicz has previous professional 
experience in general company management overseeing areas of Sales and Marketing, 
Product Development, Finance, IT, Legal and Compliance, Client Services, Credit and 
Business Risks, and Human Resources. She has over 10+ years of experience working in 
fintech industry. 
 
Title: 
Member of the Management Board with the right to represent individually 
Full name: 
Ms Mariola Strzelczyk -Singh 
Education 
and 
experience:  
Ms Mariola Strzelczyk-Singh is a fully qualified Legal Advisor with 10 years’ experience in 
legal matters related to consumer financing. She specializes in payment services 
regulations as well as AML and GDPR. She has performed the functions of AML Officer 
and Data Protection Inspector. 
 
The shareholders’ meeting is the highest decision-making body of the Loan Originator. Some of the main matters 
that are in the competence of the shareholders’ meeting are: (a) amendments to the Articles of Association; (b) 
increase or decrease of the share capital; (c) dividend approval; (d) election/dismissal of members of the 
management board; (e) approval of annual financial accounts and distribution of profit. 
8.3. BUSINESS 
The Loan Originator is established and operates in Poland by issuing credit cards with credit lines. It is a subsidiary 
of FINNO Holding SIA, which is part of the FINNO Group (historically operated under the brand name of TWINO).

--- Page 35 ---
34 
FINNO Group is an international group of companies that are run by its founder – Armands Broks and are offering 
financial technology services focused on non-bank lending operations across several countries. 
The Loan Originator is a regulated entity supervised by Polish Financial Supervisory Authority (PFSA). As a small 
payment institution, the Loan Originator is entitled to provide the following payment services to customers within 
the scope of obtained permit: 
a. execution of payment transactions listed in art. 3 sec. 1 point 2 Act on Payment Services (“APP”), charged 
to the funds made available to the user under the loan, and in the case of a payment institution or 
electronic money institution - the loan referred to in art. 74 sec. 3 or art. 132j paragraph. 3 APP; 
b. execution of payment transactions, including the transfer of funds to a payment account with user’s 
provider or with another provider by executing credit transfer services, including standing orders; 
c. 
execution of payment transactions, including the transfer of funds to a payment account with the user's 
provider or with another provider by performing direct debit services, including one-off direct debits; 
d. issuing payment instruments; 
e. money remittance service; 
f. 
execution of payment transactions, including the transfer of funds to a payment account with your 
provider or another provider using a payment card or a similar payment instrument; 
g. accepting cash deposits and making cash withdrawals from a payment account as well as all activities 
necessary for maintaining the account. 
The Loan Originator operates in scope of granting Credit Limit to the consumers and credit card issuance, which 
is considered as a consumer loan within the meaning of Act on Consumer Loan dated 12 May 2011, as well as a 
payment credit according to art. 74 clause 3 of the Act on Payment Services. For this purpose, the Loan Originator 
has been approved for participation in Mastercard and is holding Mastercard affiliate license. 
The Loan Originator closely cooperates with its affiliated partners (related companies), relying on them as a 
competence centre in the areas of risk management and IT, itself focusing on product development, sales and 
marketing, compliance, finance and operational excellence. 
8.3.1. Loan Application Underwriting 
The underwriting process is largely similar across FINNO Group’s operations and is based on several key steps: 
customer registration, identification, loan application, credit assessment, loan offer, and disbursement. 
During the registration process, customer fills out a short information form about themselves on the Loan 
Originator’s website. The information gathered is aligned with the regulatory and other requirements, yet the 
goal is to make the registration process as quick and user friendly as possible and add the potential borrower to 
the database so that they can be targeted with CRM activities. 
Registration is followed by identification, which is a requirement for a customer to finalize their loan application. 
Depending on ID requirements and available tools, the Loan Originator aims to automate identification process 
both on the customer’s side and in terms of verification of submitted documents, reducing the manual workload 
for the customer support team. Though in Poland very little manual involvement is needed in the ID process, 
customers verify their identity through automated online solutions. 
Once the customer identity is established, they can apply for a credit line, indicating the desired amount, as well 
as filling out more information about themselves. The applicant is then checked in credit bureaus and other 
databases, as well as assessed by proprietary credit rules and credit scoring algorithms. Typical data inputs for 
credit scoring model are age, outstanding liabilities, credit history, employment details, as well as various 
additional information points collected about the applicant and having explanatory power of the expected default 
rates. As a result of credit assessment, a customer is assigned a Credit Limit. If the customer is eligible for a Credit 
Limit they applied for, the credit line application is accepted, and the credit line is issued after signing an 
agreement electronically. If the customer is eligible for a credit line, but not for the full amount, the Loan 
Originator would provide a counteroffer at the value of the assigned credit line. If the requested credit line 
amount is below the Credit Limit, an additional amount is offered to the customer. Alternatively, if the customer 
does not meet the criteria, the credit line application is rejected. The software can make automatic decisions on 
confirmation or rejection of a credit line application in approximately 90% of all cases.

--- Page 36 ---
35 
The Loan Originator’s strategy is focused on profit maximization, based on customer economics, loan economics 
and total volume issued economics, which is analysed and then managed by adjusting the credit scoring limits. 
8.3.2. Portfolio Credit Risk Management 
The level of credit risk exposure of the Loan Originator is subject to a monitoring process. Exposure to credit risk 
is managed by the Risk Management department through regular analysis of the ability of borrowers and potential 
borrowers to meet interest and principal repayment obligations and by changing the lending limits for particular 
customer segments where appropriate. 
On a daily basis the Management monitors the credit line portfolio quality, including but not limited to FPD and 
SPD ratios, Bad Rates indicators repayment and collection rates for lending products in the split of first time and 
repeated clients. If changes in the quality of credit line portfolio and / or customer repayment behaviour are 
observed, detailed analysis is carried out by the Risk Management department to evaluate potential scenarios for 
lending rule changes including scoring cut-off review. Based on the analysis the Management decides upon the 
appropriate measures to be taken to mitigate the credit risk considering the impact on profitability. 
To determine the discounted cash-flow of the Underlying Portfolio the three-step evaluation is performed by the 
Loan Originator and that includes following processes: 
a. Analysis of the average Underlying Loan expected return; 
b. Calculation of the cash surplus after all the applicable costs; 
c. 
Sensitivity analysis. 
To ensure the profitability of the Underlying Portfolio over the expected lifetime the Loan Originator performs 
the analysis of the expected return of the Underlying Portfolio on regular basis, i.e., at least once per quarter or 
prior any changes in the underwriting process or scoring models are made. The analysis is based on average 
characteristics of the Underlying Borrower’s behaviour and the average Underlying Loan parameters determined 
by the Loan Originator, such as: 
a. Average issued credit limit amount; 
b. Average used credit limit amount; 
c. 
Average additional limit used; 
d. Average credit limit usage term; 
e. Pricing, including interest and/or other fees; 
f. 
Expected default rates and its development over time within expected issued term; 
g. Expected probability of early termination and its development over time; 
h. Expected debt sales price. 
All the above-mentioned parameters are used to calculate risk-adjusted loan performance and the expected cash 
surplus from the issued amount before costs. Primarily the goal is to ensure that the calculated expected cash 
surplus is positive. In case this step leads to a negative surplus appropriate measures are taken to adjust the 
scoring cut-off or other underwriting rules to have positive effect of the average expected parameters resulting 
in positive cash-surplus. 
As the second step of the Underlying Portfolio lifetime economics calculation is to ensure that positive cash 
surplus from step one is covering all the costs connected with the Underlying Loan including: 
a. 
Direct costs – all expenses related with Underlying Loan issuance including, but not limited to, customer 
acquisition cost, credit scoring cost, bank transfer costs, expected debt recovery costs and call centre 
costs; 
b. Indirect costs – expenses related with running the company, e.g., administration salaries, office expense, 
IT services and other. 
The final step of this process is the sensitivity analysis over time which is performed by the Loan Originator by 
applying WACC (historically 10-15%, reviewed on quarterly basis), and performing discounted cash flow 
calculation to translate expected future cash flow in present value. 
The minimum benchmark of the 3-step unit economic calculation is to have the discounted cash flow over 0, 
leading to expected Underlying Loan profitability as at the issue date of the Underlying Loan, covering the Loan 
Originator’s costs related to attracting the funds from investors.

--- Page 37 ---
36 
8.3.3. Strategy  
The Loan Originator’s strategy is to become a top non-bank credit limit provider and virtual card issuer in Poland 
and to compete with non-bank card issuers, BNPL offers, and regular card products offered by banks and neo-
banks growing its gross portfolio size by 70% in 2024 vs. 2023 offering competitive interest rates paired with 
excellent service and quick decision making and credit line disbursement. 
8.3.4. Market and Product 
In Poland FINNO Group operates since 2011, major part of its business being issuance of short-term consumer 
loans through NetCredit Sp. z o.o, that was replaced by a licensed payment institution Fincard Sp. z o.o. (formerly 
Twincard Sp. z o.o.) in the first half of 2022, issuing credit cards and offering customers a credit line. Since February 
2023 the Loan Originator offers credit lines up to PLN 20 000,- (approximately EUR 4 600,-) for a period of 360 
days with term extension option. 
In March 2024 Loan Originator released new attractive offer to the market which is available under a new brand 
“Halvo”. Credit line comes with low APR advantage (up to 40% annually) and is designed to serve prime clients. 
The Management of the Loan Originator constantly reviews local market dynamics and plans to deliver new 
improvements and offering such as mobile application launch, BNPL offer and additional services already in 2024. 
8.4. TECHNOLOGY 
8.4.1. Information Technology strategy 
Loan Originator has a strong focus on further expansion of remote services for retail clients and on becoming the 
leader in the operating market. One of the main drivers for successful business is the use of information 
technology and online-only approach toward clients and business processes. Such approach is believed to have 
advantages to serve lending clients faster, digital-only and more effectively resulting in reduced process costs and 
higher customer satisfaction. 
By hiring IT talents Loan Originator enriches lending system taking in account know-how, latest technology trends 
and methodologies. Lending system in core architecture is flexible, scalable, and resilient. As system is developed 
by expert team whole development process is more flexible and able to successfully adjust to fast changing 
industry needs. 
8.4.2. Data-driven and established business processes 
Loan Originator uses a data-driven analysis and a data-driven decision-making process in all aspects of the 
business. The appropriate use of data improves the understanding of existing and potential customers, helps to 
optimize the costs, and enhances the credit risk management and the efficient development of new features and 
products. To establish a valid credit scoring of the customer, not only traditional data sources such as credit 
bureaus are used, but also data from alternative sources. For efficient development of new features and products 
one of the key points are software development and project management methodology and routine. Loan 
Originator applies agile methodology as it has proven to be most effective to develop software projects in fast-
changing and fast-paced situations already in product pre-launch stage. Principles of software development 
procedure is shared and understood by business stakeholders, which gives a company-wide advantage to perform 
process more efficiently. 
8.4.3. Sophisticated lending module 
Lending module used by Loan Originator is built based on core solution that has been evolved, tested and used in 
various markets and adjusted for polish specific lending product needs. Lending module includes flexible 
configuration to quickly adjust product configuration to business needs. Furthermore, system is continuously 
being enhanced to add new functionality based on business requirements. Lending module includes CRM system 
to improve its clients service, automated loan application processing to issue loans quickly and without manual 
work, full loan life cycle management to support client and business needs, debt collection processes to recover 
loans, set of integrations to external data sources and other necessary functionality so Loan Originator can ensure 
the quality and speed of providing services and information to its clients.

--- Page 38 ---
37 
8.4.4. Security 
Loan Originator has implemented necessary security measures from organizational, physical, logical and social 
perspectives defined by information system security policy. Employees receive training in security matters and 
Loan Originator periodically tests employee awareness and knowledge related to security. There are procedures 
in place to continuously harden infrastructure by implementing security measures and protect systems from 
external cyberattacks, avoid unauthorized intrusion, data loss and mitigate other potential threats. Loan 
Originator also leverage technology from best-in-class service providers to increase network and system 
protection. 
To measure security policy efficiency independent audits are performed periodically to check overall level of 
security framework and mitigate discovered vulnerabilities. 
8.4.5. Anti-money laundering 
The Loan Originator ensures compliance with anti-money laundering (AML) prevention rules by using automated 
system provided by affiliated partners (related companies) in combination with solutions provided by industry 
known AML service providers. AML module used by the Loan Originator ensures receiving the necessary know-
your-client (KYC) and transaction data from lending system, continuous data monitoring based on defined rules 
and client scoring based on transactions and information received. Result of ongoing real-time monitoring is 
returned to lending system, which ensures result processing and takes decision according to internal AML 
regulation. To perform enhanced due diligence of customer the Loan Originator is using industry known service 
provider and all results are documented and saved in the client file. 
8.4.6. Data protection 
Taking in account EU data privacy regulation – General Data Protection Regulation– (GDPR) - principle of privacy 
by design is used in all systems. Acknowledging importance of client privacy, the Loan Originator’s solutions 
support and maintain main principles: 
a. lawfulness, fairness and transparency, 
b. purpose limitation, 
c. 
data minimization, 
d. accuracy, 
e. storage limitation, 
f. 
integrity and confidentiality. 
The Loan Originator as data controller and data processor performs responsible data processing in the way that 
ensures accountability. The Loan Originator has full awareness and understanding of the data subject (client) 
rights that must be ensured and how to provide opportunity for data subject to exercise his rights. Appropriate 
data protection is implemented from technical as well as organizational perspective. 
8.5. DEBT COLLECTION 
An important part of Loan Originator operations is debt collection in accordance with the adopted debt collection 
strategy and the agreed Action Plan. The process starts with timely communication with a customer prior to the 
payment due date, sending an invoice and a reminder of the payment coming due, as well as giving customer a 
call to understand potential customer needs for restructuring/extension in case of financial difficulties. Repeated 
automatic reminders are sent to customers on the due date and beyond until the customer pays. Internal debt 
collection team is making calls to the customers, based on automatically generated queue using automatic dialler 
system. If internal collection efforts are not successful, and the debt reached 35 days default, the debt becomes 
a subject to external debt sale transaction. Loan Originator does not do in-court debt collection instead sells 
receivables externally, in such a way optimizing liquidity and focusing on what is Loan Originator core strengths.

--- Page 39 ---
38 
8.6. COMPLIANCE 
8.6.1. AML/CTF 
The Loan Originator is subjected to regulations related prevention of money laundering and counter of terrorism 
financing (AML/CTF). To ensure compliance with such regulations, the Loan Originator’s AML/CTF policy requires 
to develop and maintain proper AML/CTF internal control system including at least following internal control 
system elements: 
a. Know you customer and customer identification; 
b. Customer screening against sanction lists; 
c. 
Customer AML/CTF risk scoring; 
d. Customer and customer’s transaction monitoring; 
e. Suspicious transaction identification and reporting; 
f. 
Staff training; 
g. Record keeping. 
The Loan Originator addresses risks related to both its customers who are in close to 100% of cases private 
individuals and cooperation partners. For these purposes systems are used to: 
a. assess customer AML/CTF risk level; 
b. monitor customer’s transactions; 
c. 
screen customers against Sanction lists, PEP lists and Adverse media. 
Dedicated AML/CTF responsible personas are following whether all AML/CTF processes are in place and take 
necessary actions to ensure that AML/CTF risks are controlled. 
8.6.2. GDPR 
The Loan Originator is responsible for and can demonstrate compliance with data protection key principles. 
Principles are defined to perform company-wide data processing and data protection management through data 
protection policy and procedures and ensure accountable business operations in perspective of lawful use of data. 
Data Protection Officer (DPO) should be involved properly and in a timely manner, in all issues which relate to the 
protection of personal data. DPO shall in the performance of their tasks have due regard to the risk associated 
with processing operations, taking the nature, scope, context and purposes of processing into account. 
Data protection management key principles: 
a. Lawfulness, fairness and transparency – Processed lawfully, fairly and in a transparent manner in relation 
to the data subject; 
b. Purpose limitation – Collected for specified, explicit and legitimate purposes and not further processed 
in a manner that is incompatible with those purposes; 
c. 
Data minimization – Adequate, relevant and limited to what is necessary in relation to the purposes for 
which they are processed; 
d. Accuracy – Accurate and, where necessary, kept up to date; every reasonable step must be taken to 
ensure that personal data that are inaccurate, having regard to the purposes for which they are 
processed, are erased or rectified without delay; 
e. Storage limitation – Kept in a form which permits identification of data subjects for no longer than is 
necessary for the purposes for which the personal data are processed; 
f. 
Integrity and confidentiality – Processed in a manner that ensures appropriate security of the personal 
data, including protection against unauthorized or unlawful processing and against accidental loss, 
destruction or damage, using appropriate technical or organizational measures. 
Objectives of data protection management is to enable opportunity to develop products by ensuring privacy by 
design and implementing key principles to successfully comply with data protection requirements, gather and 
acknowledge data processing operations, supervise, monitor and assess them against key principles, align and 
recommend appropriate security measures to prevent interruption of data confidentiality, integrity and 
availability, enhance data protection governance by ensuring strong supervision and reporting to stakeholders,

--- Page 40 ---
39 
defining roles, responsibilities, standards and practices, align policies and corporate culture by creating data 
protection awareness and caring, positive approach with respect to data processing. 
8.6.3. Regulatory framework 
The relevant regulations applicable to the Loan Originator relate to, inter alia, lending activities, payment services 
provision, consumer rights protection, the processing of personal data, debt collection and the prevention of 
money laundering and financing of terrorism. 
Considering that the Loan Originator has been registered with the commercial register of Poland, the following 
paragraphs contain an overview over the most relevant major regulations in Polish jurisdiction as of the date of 
this Base Prospectus. 
The Loan Originator is incorporated and performs its business operations under the requirements of the Polish 
Commercial Code, as well as other applicable general or specialized laws (including but not limited to regulations 
or guidelines of different public institutions or authorities etc.) which regulate business activities of Polish legal 
entities that provide payment services and loans to consumers. 
The Loan Originator being a small payment institution is the subject of the Prevention of Money Laundering and 
Financing Terrorism Law which requires to develop proper anti-money laundering and counter terrorism and 
proliferation financing (hereinafter - AML/CTPF) internal control system. Polish AML/CTPF legal acts are 
implemented and adjusted according to the Financial Action Task Force recommendations and legal requirements 
of European AML/CTPF directive (i.e., Directive 2018/843 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 30 
May 2018 amending Directive 2015/849 on the prevention of the use of the financial system for the purposes of 
money laundering or terrorist financing and amending Directives 2009/138/EC and 2013/36/EU). 
Main legal acts regulating consumer lending companies is Consumer Credit Act (In Polish – Ustawa o kredycie 
konsumenckim) as well as Competition and Consumer Protection Law. The above-mentioned regulations set forth 
Poland’s general rules on consumer credit. All activities regarding consumers, including compliance with 
consumer credit regulations, are supervised by the Authority on Competition and Consumer Protection (in Polish 
– Urząd Ochrony Konkurencji i Konsumentów) (hereinafter – the UOKIK). 
Based on the applicable laws and regulations the UOKIK has adopted several guidelines for the provision on 
consumer lending services containing recommendations of the UOKIK to the consumer crediting service 
providers. Therefore, Polish legislation sets forth requirements in respect of the relationship between creditors 
and their customers as they relate to marketing and remote selling of consumer loans, the terms of consumer 
loan agreements and information that must be disclosed to prospective customers prior to entering into a loan 
agreement, calculation of annual interest rates and limitations of penalties and interest, assessment of consumer 
solvency, right of withdrawal, as well as personal data processing, client identification and due diligence under 
anti-money laundering procedures and debt collection. 
Interest rate is capped via Polish Civil Code and currently (as of 05.10.2023) shall not exceed 18,5% from the 
outstanding loan amount per annum. 
According to the guidelines of PFSA dated 31st of January 2024 the payment institutions granting consumer loans 
to customers in a form of a payment credit shall apply the limit of non-interest costs specified in art. 720(2) of 
Civil Code. The above-mentioned provision defines a limit on non-interest costs of loan, which is 20% of the 
principal amount of the loan. What is more, non-interest costs of loan throughout the term of the loan cannot be 
higher than 25% of the principal amount of granted credit. It should be emphasized that the above-mentioned 
limit applies only to the costs related to the usage of the payment credit (credit limit) and does not apply to costs 
related to credit card (i.e. credit card issuance fee, monthly fee for using credit card etc.). 
Consumer lending advertising is regulated by the Consumer Credit Act and Act on Competition and Consumer 
Protection. The law specifies the scope of information that has to be included in the consumer loan 
advertisements. What is more, according to the regulations the consumer loan advertisements shall be true, 
unambiguous, understandable and not misleading. 
The Loan Originator as a small payment institution is the subject under the Act on Payment Services (in Polish – 
Ustawa o usługach płatniczych) (hereinafter – the UUP) which regulates the provision of payment services and 
the protection of users using these services. The UUP is implemented and adjusted according to legal 
requirements of European PSD2 directive (i.e., Directive (EU) 2015/2366 of the European Parliament and of the

--- Page 41 ---
40 
Council of 25 November 2015 on payment services in the internal market, amending Directives 2002/65/EC, 
2009/110/EC and 2013/36/EU and Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010, and repealing Directive 2007/64/EC). 
The provisions of the UUP introduced the principle that payment services may be performed only by payment 
service providers, i.e. in addition to banks, also by payment institutions, electronic money institutions, payment 
service offices. This means that the provision of payment services, if not performed by any of the authorized 
entities (e.g. banks), requires a permit from the Polish Financial Supervision Authority (in Polish - Komisja Nadzoru 
Finansowego, hereinafter – the KNF) to operate as (i) a national payment institution or (ii) to be entered in the 
register of small payment institution, or (iii) the register of payment services as a payment service office. 
According to the art. 74 clause 3 of the Act on Payment Services Small Payment Institution may grant a loan for 
the execution of a payment transaction (payment credit) solely for the purpose of providing payment services. 
All activities regarding providing payment services, including compliance with anti-money laundering provisions, 
are supervised by the KNF. 
Considering the facts mentioned above, the Loan Originator is a payment service provider and consumer lending 
company which is supervised by the KNF. Taking into account that consumer lending and payment services 
business is considered as highly regulated and monitored in Poland, the company is required to comply with rules 
on payment services, consumer lending and consumer rights protection, prohibition against unfair market 
practices, obligation on the evaluation of the credit worthiness and ability to repay the loan, personal data 
processing requirements, debt collection legislation and money laundering and terrorism financing prevention 
requirements.  
The Polish Law on the Prevention of Money Laundering and Terrorism Financing sets forth Poland’s general rules 
for the consumer lenders and payments institutions on prevention of money laundering and terrorism financing, 
including, identification and due diligence of the customers of non-baking credit institutions. According to 
legislation a dedicated AML/CTPF person is responsible to ensure that AML/CTPF processes (including internal 
policies and procedures) in the obliged entities are effective and comply with the legal requirements. AML/CTPF 
internal control system of the Loan Originator contains such activities as the customer’s due diligence and 
customer monitoring, suspicious activity identification and reporting and regular staff training. 
8.7. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
The Loan Originator has started its operating activities since May 2022. The selected standalone financial 
statements set forth below should be read in conjunction with the respective documents incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus. The tables below present key selected unaudited standalone financial 
information for the Loan Originator for the financial years ended 31 December 2023 (preliminary figures – during 
the audit), with financial data derived from the Loan Originator financial statements prepared in accordance with 
Polish GAAP. Audited financial statements for the years ended 31 December 2023, will be prepared until 30 June 
2024, in line with the local regulations applicable to the Loan Originator (Polish accounting act, Article 53 and 
Article 69). 
The Loan Originator has appointed BDO spółka z ograniczoną odpowiedzialnością spółka komandytowa auditors, 
registration number 0000729684, legal address ul. Postępu 12, 02-676 Warszawa, Poland, as the auditor for 
financial statement audit for the year that ended in 31 December 2022 and for the financial year that ended on31 
December 2023. Audit opinion of the Loan Originator’s financial statement is clear from any qualifications, 
however, the Audit opinion for the audit for the year that ended in 31 December 2021 contained following 
Emphasis of Matter: 
“Please note that in the introduction to the financial statements, the Company indicated the existing premises 
relating to a threat to the going concern and the related uncertainty. These premises are related to the 
accumulated loss which makes the total equity of the Company negative. The Management of the Company 
received an assurance from the shareholder of the Company that the shareholder has the will and the ability to 
finance and continue the activities of the Company. In the introduction to the financial statements, the Company 
explains that the loss incurred in the period for which the financial statements are prepared and in the previous 
financial period is related to the fact that the Company conducts work and incurs costs related to the preparation 
to start operating activities, and at the same time, during these periods, the Company did not generate revenues. 
The commencement of operating activities is planned in 2022. The company adopted the going concern

--- Page 42 ---
41 
assumption based on the aforementioned assumptions. We draw attention to the uncertainty related to these 
assumptions. Our opinion has not been qualified with respect to this matter”. 
Full translated audited financial statement including auditors opinion can be found here: 
a. Loan Originator’s audited standalone financial statements for year 2021; 
b. Loan Originator’s audited standalone financial statements for year 2022. 
Figure 9 - Profit and Loss account of the Loan Originator 
Statement of profit and loss 
(PLN) 
Actual (preliminary result) 
Actual 
Actual 
Actual 
 
2023 
2022 
2021 
2020 
Operating income 
146 160 068,80 
42 542 630,64 
0 
0 
Operating expenses 
(38 120 300,24) 
(12 945 291,5) (1 771 518,55) 
(762 897,78) 
Other operational income 
31 783,09 
3809,96 
133,72 
0 
Other operational costs 
(130 741,98) 
(90 736,33) 
 
0 
Operating profit / (loss) 
107 940 809,67 
29 510 412,77 (1 771 384,83) 
(762 897,78) 
Financial income 
10 114 350,77 
853 666,97 
36 120,74 
0 
Financial cost 
(69 151 145,3) (31 621 620,65) 
(137 877,36) 
(33 650,63) 
Profit/Loss before taxation 
48 904 015,14 
(1 257 540,91) (1 873 141,45) 
(796 548,41) 
Tax / Deferred tax 
(16 713 781,00) 
(4 397 95400) 
349 048,00 
142 618,00 
Profit/Loss for the reporting 
period 
32 190 234,14 
(5 655 494,91) (1 524 093,45) 
(653 930,41) 
The company has been set up in September 2019 and in January 2020 received the status of Small Payment 
Institution in Poland and then in July 2022 the application for National Payment Institution license was submitted. 
It is expected to obtain the decision of the regulator in this scope by mid-year 2024. The Company’s main scope 
of operations includes granting payment credit within the issued credit card. 
Operating income represents commission received for the use of credit lines by customers. 
Operating expenses are directly related to day-to-day operations of the business. Operating expenses comprise 
mainly of third-party services that are payments for the work on IT systems and integration with the credit cards 
payments systems as well as marketing campaigns aimed at customers. Operating expenses also consists of legal 
advisory expenses related to the preparation of the documentation to be submitted to Polish market regulator – 
KNF, in order to obtain the status of National Payment Institution. 
Financial income represents accrued fees for late repayments of credit line used by customers. Financial costs 
consist of interest accrued on the financing provided by other entities of FINNO Group to cover the costs of the 
company. 
Taxes include both current company income tax and deferred tax. 
8.8. LEGAL AND ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS 
Since the date of the Loan Originator’s incorporation, the Loan Originator has not been involved in any litigation 
or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Loan 
Originator is aware) which may have, or have had a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of 
the Loan Originator.  
8.9. THE UNDERLYING LOANS 
8.9.1. The Underlying Loan and Borrower 
The Underlying Borrower, resident of Poland, may obtain a credit line for 360 days and amount from PLN 100,- 
(approx. EUR 20,-) to PLN 20 000,- (approx. EUR 4 600,-). Prior to loan issuance solvency of the Underlying 
Borrower is validated using information available at the external data sources, including various credit bureaus

--- Page 43 ---
42 
and payment service provider data. The Underlying Borrower must be in age group of 18-70 years and receive 
regular monthly income. 
8.9.2. Availability of the Underlying Loan 
Prior to availability of the Underlying Loan to the Underlying Borrower, the following process shall be carried out: 
a. 
During registration process a potential Underlying Borrower of credit line fills in an on-line registration 
form and makes a PLN 0.01 or PLN 1 transfer to Loan Originator’s bank account in order to validate data 
as per registration form or uses other available identification tools; 
b. Loan application shall be registered, mentioning term and amount, shall be filled in by the Underlying 
Borrower to apply for the credit line issuance; 
c. 
Loan system processes the application and determines, if credit line can be granted and what shall be 
the maximum allowed Credit Limit granted; 
d. Data of Underlying Borrower’s existing liabilities shall be gathered from external data sources; 
e. Offer shall be created, if no decision has been made to refuse the Credit Limit allocation; 
f. 
The Underlying Borrower is given an option to use the Credit Limit at any time (for example by making a 
payment on-line via virtual credit card or by requesting ATM withdrawal), however for Underlying 
Borrower’s best experience a fast cash transfer to confirmed Underlying Borrower’s personal bank 
account is offered during registration steps as well. 
Manual processing takes place when it is found at any stage that one of the databases is not working or an IP 
address is located outside territory of Poland or other manual warning specified by manual warning logic was 
flagged on the credit line application. 
In case credit line application has been flagged with at least one of manual warnings, a call shall be made by 
customer service specialist to gather additional information from Underlying Borrower. In case the Underlying 
Borrower does not respond to call attempts, the credit line application is not accepted. 
8.9.3. Commission periods, calculation of commission and payments 
The period for which the Underlying Loan is active is divided into monthly periods for which the Commission is 
calculated from utilised Credit Limit assigned to the Underlying Borrower. The maximum amount of Commission 
payable for any Commission period shall be calculated from utilised Credit Limit used in particular period. In order 
to offer to the Underlying Borrowers attractive offer, the maximum amount of Commission payable for any 
Commission period shall be calculated by applying the rate of 11 or 3,2 per cent per month (the “Monthly Rate 
of Commission”) to the amount of the outstanding principal amount of the Underlying Loan, dividing the 
calculated amount by thirty (30) and rounding the resulting figure to the nearest PLN 0,01., half a PLN 0,01 being 
rounded upwards. The Underlying Borrower has an option to repay the Underlying Loan in full after closing 30 
days billing period or may choose to repay accrued Commission plus 3 or 5 per cent of the used Underlying Loan 
and continue to use assigned Credit Limit. The repaid Underlying Loan may be reused by the Underlying Borrower. 
First day of Commission calculation period for the Credit Limit is the next day from the day principal amount of 
the Underlying Loan is transferred to the Underlying Borrower’s bank account or utilised in other ways including 
on-line card payments or ATM withdrawals. Last day of Commission calculation period for the Underlying Loan is 
due date or date of early full repayment. No Commission is charged in case the Underlying Borrower did not utilize 
any part of granted Credit Limit. 
8.9.4. Minimum Monthly Payment 
The Underlying Borrower undertakes to make the monthly repayment of the outstanding Underlying Loan after 
the end of the settlement period, on the date specified in the statement of transactions, i.e. on the Repayment 
Date, in the amount not lower than the Minimum Monthly Payment. 
The Minimum Monthly Payment is the sum of: 
a. overdue Commissions and other fees accrued in previous Settlement Period, 
b. commissions and other fees accrued in the current Settlement Period, 
c. 
part of principal (currently 3% or 5% of utilized principal).

--- Page 44 ---
43 
8.9.5. Renewal of Underlying Agreement 
Upon expiry of the term of the Underlying Agreement, it may be automatically renewed for another 360 days 
(three hundred and sixty). 
The Underlying Agreement will not be renewed if: 
a. 
the Underlying Borrower resigns from the possibility of renewing the Underlying Agreement by 
submitting a written notice of termination to the Loan Originator – in person or by sending it to the Loan 
Originator’s address indicated in the Underlying Agreement no later than 14 days before the expiry of 
the Underlying Agreement, 
b. The Loan Originator resigns from the possibility of renewing the Underlying Agreement due to the 
Underlying Borrower’s failure to comply with the provisions of the Underlying Agreement. The Loan 
Originator will inform the Underlying Borrower of its decision no later than 30 days before the end of the 
Underlying Agreement, by sending information to the Underlying Borrower’s correspondence address 
and e-mail address. 
Renewal of the Underlying Agreement is automatic, while maintaining the current amount of the Credit Limit. In 
the absence of the Underlying Borrower’s decision regarding the new amount of the Credit Limit, the renewed 
Underlying Agreement applies to the same Credit Limit level as in the earlier period in which the Underlying 
Agreement was in force. 
8.9.6. Prepayments 
8.9.6.1. Early full repayment 
Pursuant to the Article 49 (1) of the Polish Consumer Credit Act, in the case of full repayment of the Underlying 
Credit Limit before the date specified in the loan agreement, the total cost of the Credit Limit is reduced by the 
costs relating to the period by which the duration of the contract was shortened, even if the Underlying Borrower 
incurred them before the repayment. Rights to exercise early full repayment may be used by the Underlying 
Borrower without any prior notice. 
Article 49 of Consumer Credit Act is the implementation of Article16 (1) of Directive 2008/48/EC, which uses the 
concept of “reduction in the total cost of the credit, such reduction consisting of the interest and the costs for the 
remaining duration of the contract.” In the judgment of 11 September 2019 in Case C-388/18, the Court of Justice 
of the European Union (CJEU) interpreted Article 16 of the above Directive. It is clear from the wording of the 
judgment that the reduction in the total cost of the credit in the event of early repayment covers all costs that 
have been imposed on the Underlying Borrower. It is irrelevant whether a given cost depends on the repayment 
period or not. Important is early repayment of all or part of the Underlying Loan because it results in the obligation 
to reduce the total cost of the loan. 
According to the guidelines of the Polish Authority on Competition and Consumers Protection based on the above-
mentioned judgement the reduction of the costs shall be carried out under the straight-line method. The straight-
line method is where the creditor divides all non-interest costs by the number of calendar days the contract was 
to be in force. The result is multiplied by the number of days by which the loan period has been shortened and 
this amount should be returned to the consumer. 
8.9.6.2. Early partial repayment 
Pursuant to Article 49 (2) of Consumer Credit Act “In the event of repayment of part of the loan before the date 
specified in the contract, paragraph 1 shall apply accordingly”. It means that in such case, the total cost of the 
Credit Limit is reduced by the costs relating to loan principal that was earlier repaid and the period by which the 
duration of the contract was shortened in relation to the amount of the Underlying Loan repaid. Any payment in 
excess of the amount due as of at date it was made and lower than full repayment of the Underlying Loan (For 
more information, please see Section 8.9.6.1 “Early full repayment”) is considered to be an early partial 
repayment. In case of the early partial repayment a new payment schedule is generated based on the total sum 
of the outstanding principal and any outstanding additional amounts after early partial repayment. The due date 
for Underlying Loan does not change upon early partial repayment. 
According to the Act on Consumer Credit (In Polish – Ustawa o kredycie konsumenckim) and the Act on Payment 
Services (In Polish – Ustawa o usługach płatniczych), the Underlying Loan is a revolving credit, which means that 
the Underlying Borrower may pay off and repay the Underlying Loan within the granted Credit Limit during the

--- Page 45 ---
44 
term of the Underlying Agreement. In case of repayment of the Underlying Loan before the end term of the 
Underlying Agreement, the term of the Underlying Agreement shall not be shortened. On the contrary, the 
Underlying Agreement shall remain valid, and the Underlying Borrower may use the available Credit Limit. As 
results from the above, the partial repayment or early partial repayment may not occur in relation to the 
Underlying Loan. 
8.9.6.3. Loan renouncement 
The Underlying Borrower has the right to unilaterally withdraw from the Underlying Agreement within fourteen 
(14) days from the Underlying Loan start date. A notification of the cancellation must be made in advance. The 
Underlying Borrower does not have to pay additional compensation for early repayment of the Underlying Loan, 
however, used principal of Underlying Loan must be returned within thirty (30) days from Underlying Loan 
disbursement date. The Underlying Loan cancellation shall not incur any additional costs to the Underlying 
Borrower, despite the default interest, in case of failure in repayment of the Underlying Loan principal in the 
manner specified above. The default interest is described under Section 8.9.9 “Default interest”. 
8.9.7. Penalties 
There is penalty calculated in the event of default. All possible Underlying Borrower’s payments under the 
Underlying Agreement are described under Sections 8.9.3. “Commission periods, calculation of commission and 
payments” and 8.9.9. “Default interest”. 
8.9.8. Additional amounts 
The Underlying Borrower at the start of the Loan Originator operations and soon afterwards was not able to apply 
for an additional amount, which is an additional principal amount on top of the already assigned Credit Limit 
amount. Loan Originator has started offering Additional Amounts to the Underlying Borrowers who meet the 
increase criteria’s, starting from April 2023. 
8.9.8.1. Monitoring of the Underlying Loan and debt recovery process 
Following is a description of the Underlying Loan monitoring process: 
a. 
Four (4) days prior to the repayment date the Loan Originator’s employee shall contact Underlying 
Borrower for the first time as a part of credit line monitoring process. 
b. Two (2) days prior to the repayment date, the Underlying Borrower shall receive a reminder – SMS and 
e-mail. 
c. 
On the day of repayment, the Underlying Borrower shall receive SMS and e-mail reminder that a 
payment is due. 
d. Loan Originator’s debt collection specialist shall contact the Underlying Borrower by phone starting from 
the first day past due date. 
e. Reminder text messages and e-mails shall be sent to the Underlying Borrower in all cases where the 
phone is not picked up. Outgoing calls are made every working day. 
f. 
The termination warning (PDF letter via email) shall be sent to the Underlying Borrower on the 4th day 
past due informing about possible termination of the loan in case of further delay. Termination will not 
take place if Underlying Borrower repays delayed amount resulting in the state of the Agreement being 
undue. 
g. 
After 36 DPD for cases with open principal only, Underlying Borrower’s case can be sold to external 
partner. 
8.9.9. Default interest 
Default interest shall be calculated for all Underlying Loans starting from sixth overdue day for full overdue period. 
Fixed interest rate of 22,5 percent annum or 11,25 percent per annum in case of renouncement shall be applied 
to overdue Underlying Loan Commissions and principal amount (if due). Penalty is calculated on a daily basis. 
8.9.10. Assignments and transfers 
The Underlying Borrower shall not be entitled to assign or transfer all or any part of its rights or obligations 
hereunder to any other person. The Loan Originator may assign the rights and obligations to third party without

--- Page 46 ---
45 
any approval from Underlying Borrower as a part of debt recovery process. Notification of assignment is sent by 
third party to Underlying Borrower. 
8.9.11. Law and jurisdiction 
The Loan Originator is established as a limited liability company in Poland under the Polish Commercial Code (in 
Polish – Kodeks spółek handlowych). Additionally, the Loan Originator operates in accordance with the laws of 
Poland, including, but not limited to, the guidelines issued by the Authority on Competition and Consumer 
Protection and Polish Financial Supervisory Authority, which is the regulating institution for non-bank lending 
companies and payment institutions in Poland. 
8.9.12. Arbitration 
The disputes and any claims between the parties are settled according to the legal enactments of Poland. Further, 
the disputes between the parties are settled by mutual agreement of the parties. If it is not possible to reach an 
agreement, either party may apply to a court of Poland of the general jurisdiction in civil proceedings. 
8.9.12.1. 
Consent to enforcement, etc. 
In case of default, the Loan Originator may apply to pursue a claim in the court. In the event of non-payment of 
amounts awarded by a court judgment, the Loan Originator may submit an enforcement application to a bailiff 
for recovery of movable and immovable property owned by the Underlying Borrower. The Loan Originator is 
obliged to provide information on the Underlying Borrower’s debt to credit bureaus, what makes it more difficult 
to obtain a loan in the future. 
8.9.12.2. 
Counterparts 
The Underlying Agreement is concluded between the parties by means of electronic communication as a distance 
contract in electronic format based on the legal requirements of regulatory enactments of Poland.

--- Page 47 ---
46 
9. THE DISTRIBUTOR 
9.1. INCORPORATION AND OWNERSHIP 
AS TWINO Investments ("Distributor”), was incorporated and registered as a joint stock company (in Latvian – 
akciju sabiedrība) in the Commercial Register of Enterprises of Latvia on 26 March 2020 with the unified 
registration number: 44103143823. It is organised and operating pursuant to the laws of Latvia and has been 
established for an indefinite period of time. The Legal Entity Identifier ("LEI”) of the Distributor is 
984500856AF4DF5FAT57. The registered address and office of the Issuer is at: 2A Pērses Street, Riga, LV-1011, 
Latvia and its telephone number is: +371 67 799 997. The Distributor’s sole shareholder and the ultimate 
beneficial owner is Mr Armands Broks. 
9.2. BUSINESS 
The Distributor is authorized as an investment firm by the Bank of Latvia (“BoL”) on 31 August 2021 under the 
licence number: 06.06.08.720/536 to provide the following investment services and ancillary services:  
a. portfolio management; 
b. placing of financial instruments without a firm commitment basis; 
c. holding of financial instruments; 
d. currency exchange services where these are related to the provision of investment services; 
e. execution of orders on behalf of clients; 
f. dealing on own account; 
g. services related to underwriting; 
h. reception and transmission of orders in relation to one or more financial instruments.

--- Page 48 ---
47 
10. CERTAIN NOTICES TO INVESTORS 
10.1. RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in, or incorporated by reference into, the Base 
Prospectus, in the following Sections of the Base Prospectus: 
a. 
general description of the Programme; 
b. risk factors related to the Issuer; 
c. 
risk factors related to the Securities and the trading market; 
d. the Assignment Agreement; 
e. further issues of the Securities; 
f. 
the legislation and jurisdiction in relation to the issuance of the Securities; 
g. 
terms and conditions of the Securities; 
h. the information contained in the relevant Final Terms for each Series of Securities issued under the 
Programme.  
The Issuer declares that, to the best of its knowledge, the information contained in, or incorporated by reference 
into, the Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and makes no omission likely to affect the import of such 
information. 
The Management Board of the Issuer consists of: 
Title: 
member of the management board 
 
Full name: 
Mr Helvijs Henšelis. 
The Lender accepts responsibility for the information contained in, or incorporated by reference into, the 
following Sections of the Base Prospectus. 
a. 
the Loan Agreement; 
b. the Assignment Agreement; 
c. 
risk factors related to the Lender. 
The Lender declares that, to the best of its knowledge, the information contained in, or incorporated by reference 
into, the Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and makes no omission likely to affect the import of such 
information. 
The Loan Originator accepts responsibility for the information contained in, or incorporated by reference into, 
the following Sections of the Base Prospectus: 
a. 
risks related to the Loan Originator; 
b. the Underlying Agreement; 
c. 
business review of the Loan Originator; 
d. financial information of the Loan Originator. 
The Loan Originator declares that, to the best of its knowledge, the information contained in, or incorporated by 
reference into, the Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and makes no omission likely to affect the 
import of such information. 
No representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility is accepted by the 
Distributor as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in the Base Prospectus or any other 
information provided by the Issuer, the Lender and/or the Loan Originator. The Distributor does not accept any 
liability in relation to the information contained in the Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the 
Issuer, the Lender and/or the Loan Originator in connection with the Programme. 
10.2. NOTICE 
The Base Prospectus has been approved by the BoL, as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. 
The BoL only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 49 ---
48 
Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer that is the subject of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Securities.  
10.3. FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus contains forward-looking assumptions. All statements and assumptions other than 
statements of historical data included in this Base Prospectus, including, without restriction, statements related 
to the projected financial situation of the Issuer and the business performance, its policy, strategies, goals, 
objectives, and future trends in the markets in which it participates or intends to participate are considered as 
forward-looking statements. Also, forward-looking statements are considered the ones that are preceded by, 
accompanied by or containing the words “anticipate”, “believe”, “continue”, “could”, “estimate”, “expect”, 
“forecast”, “aims”, “intends”, “will”, “may”, “plan”, “should” or related or negative terminology. Such forward-
looking statements contain known and unknown risks, uncertainty and other factors that could affect the actual 
results, performance or accomplishments, or the industry results to vary significantly from any potential 
outcomes, performance or accomplishments stated or suggested by such forward-looking statements. Any 
forward-looking claims, while currently rational, may prove inaccurate. In addition, there are many risks and 
uncertainties associated with the company of the Issuer, because of which a forward-looking prediction, 
estimation or projection could prove inaccurate. Therefore, investors should read carefully the sections that 
provide a thorough explanation of the factors influencing the economic development of the Issuer and of the 
sector in which the Issuer operates (For more information, please see Section 2. “RISK FACTORS”). 
The forecasted events and developments mentioned in this Base Prospectus may not arise in view of the threats, 
uncertainties and assumptions. 
As the risk factors pointed in this Base Prospectus and other factors are likely to cause real outcomes or results 
to vary significantly from those provided in any forward-looking statements included in this Base Prospectus by 
the Issuer, investors should not settle any reliance on any of these forward-looking statements. Furthermore, any 
forward-looking statement shall apply solely to the date on which it is published, and the Issuer shall not attempt 
to amend or revise any forward-looking statement to represent occurrences or conditions beyond the date on 
which the statement is published or to reflect the occurrence of unexpected events. In the future, new factors 
will appear, and there is no possibility for the Issuer to foresee which factors will occur. Furthermore, the Issuer 
cannot determine the impact of each factor on its company or business, or the degree to which any factor or 
combination of factors can affect real outcomes and cause them to vary significantly from those specified in any 
forward-looking statement. Unless required by legislation, the Issuer does not accept the responsibility to amend 
such forward looking statements or to conform them to potential occurrences or developments. 
10.4.  THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
Economic and industry data, market data and market forecasts mentioned in this Base Prospectus were obtained 
from market research and industry publications. The data source is identified for every third-party information 
that has been used in this Base Prospectus. 
Where the information found in this Base Prospectus has been expressly described as being derived from third 
party records, the Issuer agrees that the information has been correctly replicated. The Issuer is conscious and 
can verify that no data have been removed from documents released by the third party that would make the 
replicated information unreliable or misleading. Although the Issuer has no evidence to suggest that any of this 
information is incorrect in any material respect, the Issuer has not independently checked the competitive 
situation, the scale of the competition, the development of the market or any other information supplied by third 
parties or by industry or other publications. Even though Issuer has no evidence to suggest that any of this 
information is incorrect in any material respect, the Issuer has not independently checked the competitive 
environment, the scale of the competition, the development of the market or any other information supplied by 
external sources or by industry or other publications.

--- Page 50 ---
49 
10.5.  PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
No audited financial statements for year ending in 31 December, 2023 of the Issuer are available at the time of 
publishing the Base Prospectus, however, they will be prepared and published in term set in applicable laws. The 
financial information set out herein has been derived from the audited standalone financial statements of the 
Loan Originator as at and for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 and the preliminary result for the year 
ended 31 December 2023, unless otherwise stated. The Loan Originator’s financial statements are prepared in 
compliance with Polish Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (“GAAP”). 
Any of the estimates, financial details and market data specified in this Base Prospectus (including percentages) 
were rounded up or down in compliance with generally applicable commercial and business standards. Therefore, 
not all of the total amounts (total amounts or interim amounts, discrepancies or figures used as reference) 
contained in this Base Prospectus which fully agree with the underlying (non-rounded) individual amounts 
contained elsewhere or in documents incorporated in this Base Prospectus by reference. Moreover, it is likely 
that these rounded figures in the tables are not precisely summed up in order to form the complete quantities in 
the respective tables. 
10.6.  FURTHER INFORMATION REGARDING THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
No person shall be entitled to provide any information or make any representations other than those contained 
in the Base Prospectus, and such information or representations shall not be relied on, if provided or made, as 
allowed by or on behalf of the Issuer. 
The delivery of the Base Prospectus shall not, under any circumstances, create any implication that: 
a. 
the information provided in the Base Prospectus is accurate at any point after the date, or after the date 
on which the Base Prospectus was most frequently revised or supplemented, or  
b. since the date of this Base Prospectus, or the date on which this Base Prospectus was most recently 
revised or updated, there has been no adverse shift in the affairs or financial condition of the Loan 
Originator, which is material in the sense of the Securities, or  
c. 
any other information given in relation with the issue of the Securities is accurate at any time after the 
date on which it is issued or, if different, the date specified in the document providing the same 
information, or as far as the Issuer has fulfilled its obligation to publish a supplement pursuant to Article 
23 of the Prospectus Regulation.  
The Securities are not appropriate for investors of all kinds. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other 
information provided in connection with the Securities should be regarded as a suggestion by the to acquire any 
Securities. 
10.7.  MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE 
For the sole purpose of each manufacturer's product acceptance procedure, the target market evaluation relating 
to the Securities led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Securities offered in Latvia, as well as in 
other Member States after the cross-border passport notification procedure has been finalized with the BoL, is 
retail clients, professional clients and eligible counterparties, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, “MiFID II”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Securities to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. A manufacturer's target market appraisal should be considered by any person 
subsequently providing, selling or suggesting the Securities; however, the distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for carrying out its own target market appraisal with regards to the Securities (either by adopting or 
modifying the target market appraisal of the manufacturers) and for determining suitable distribution streams or 
channels. 
10.8. USE OF PROCEEDS AND INTERESTS OF PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE AND OFFER 
The Issuer is a special purpose vehicle with the sole goal to facilitate the process of the issuance of the Securities. 
Save for fees, if any, payable to the Distributor, and so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue 
of the Securities has an interest material to the offer. The Distributor and its affiliates may in the future engage in 
investment brokerage transactions with and may perform other services for the Issuer and its affiliates in the

--- Page 51 ---
50 
ordinary course of business. The possibility of conflicts of interest between the different roles of AS TWINO 
Investments on one hand, and between those of AS TWINO Investments in these roles and those of the 
Securityholders, on the other hand, cannot be excluded. 
Furthermore, given the investment activities of the Distributor, conflicts may arise between the interests of the 
Distributor acting in these capacities (including the business relationship with the Issuer of the Securities or 
possession of non-public information in relation with them) and those of the Securityholders. Finally, the activities 
of the Distributor with the Securities, on its proprietary account or behalf of its customers, may also have an 
impact on the price of these instruments and their liquidity and, thus, may be in conflict with the interests of the 
Securityholders.

--- Page 52 ---
51 
11. TAXATION 
Tax laws of the Securityholder’s country of residence and of the Issuer’s country of residence may differ and thus 
have an impact on the income that the Securityholder receives from the Securities. It is advised for the 
Securityholder to assess the tax liabilities arising from the acquisition, ownership and sale of the Securities. 
The following is a general summary of certain tax considerations in Latvia in relation to the Securities. It is not 
exhaustive and does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax consequences relating to the Securities, as 
well as does not take into account or discuss the tax implications of any country other than Latvia. The information 
provided in this section shall not be treated as legal or tax advice; prospective investors are advised to consult 
their own tax advisors as to the tax consequences of the subscription, ownership and disposal of the Securities 
applicable to their particular circumstances. 
This summary is based on the laws of Latvia as in force on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any 
change in law that may take effect after such date, provided that such changes could apply also retroactively. 
Latvia has entered into a number of tax conventions on elimination of the double taxation (“DTT”), which may 
provide more favourable taxation regime. Therefore, if there is a valid tax convention with the country of a non-
resident prospective investor, it should be also examined. The procedures for application of tax conventions are 
provided in the Republic of Latvia Cabinet of Ministers’ Regulations No. 178 “Procedures for Application of Tax 
Relief Determined in International Agreements for Prevention of Double Taxation and Tax Evasion” of 30 April 
2001. 
11.1. TAXATION OF THE SECURITYHOLDER (INDIVIDUALS) 
11.1.1. Resident Individuals 
An individual will be considered as a resident of Latvia for taxation purposes, if: 
a. the individual’s declared place of residence is in Latvia; or 
b. the individual stays in Latvia 183 days or more within any 12-month period, starting or ending in the 
taxation year; or 
c. 
the individual is a citizen of Latvia employed abroad by the government of Latvia. 
In accordance with the Law on Personal Income Tax the income from capital, including interest, as well as income 
from capital gains is subject to a fixed personal income tax (“PIT”) rate of 20%. 
As a result, the Interest income from the Securities for resident individuals will be subject to 20 % PIT that will be 
withheld by the Issuer before the Interest payment is made by the Issuer to the Securityholder. For the avoidance 
of doubt, for the purposes of the application of the PIT, the payment of Interest is made each time when the 
Issuer pays the Interest to the Securityholder's investment account held with the Distributor irrespective of 
whether the Securityholder withdraws the respective amount or re-invests it further. The Issuer shall: 
a. inform the State Revenue Service about the amount of Interest paid and the PIT withheld (with respect to 
the Interest payments to the Securityholder) no later than the 15th date of the next calendar month 
following the Interest payment date; 
b. withhold and pay the PIT (with respect to the Interest payments to the Securityholder) to the State 
Revenue Service no later than the 23rd date of the next calendar month following the Interest payment 
date. 
The capital gains from the sale of the Securities will be subject to 20% tax, but the tax would be payable by the 
individual him/herself. 
11.1.2. Non-resident individuals 
An individual will be considered as a non-resident of Latvia for taxation purposes in all cases unless he/she is a tax 
resident of Latvia. The taxation of non-resident individuals shall be the same as resident individuals.  
In addition, non-resident individuals, who are the residents of a country with whom Latvia has entered a DTT 
(which is in force at the moment of the payment of the Interest) shall be able to apply the reduced rate according 
to the DTT, if they have submitted their residence certificate to the Issuer, which is compliant with the regulatory

--- Page 53 ---
52 
requirements of Latvia. The Issuer shall have the right to request the Securityholder's to submit an updated 
certificate of residence if it is required for the purpose of the application of the reduced PIT rate.  
11.2. TAXATION OF THE SECURITYHOLDER (LEGAL ENTITY) 
11.2.1. Resident entities 
A legal entity will be considered as a resident of Latvia for tax purposes if it is or should have been established and 
registered in Latvia in accordance with the laws of Latvia. This also include permanent establishments of foreign 
entities in Latvia. 
Interest payments on the Securities and proceeds from the disposal of the Securities received by Latvian resident 
companies will not be subject to withholding tax in Latvia. Under the Corporate Income Tax Law retained earnings 
are exempt from corporate income tax and only distributions are taxed. Corporate income tax rate on gross profit 
distribution is 20%. Corporate income tax on net amount of profit distribution is determined by dividing net 
amount with a coefficient of 0.8 and applying a 20% rate (i.e., effective tax rate on net distributed profit is 25%). 
11.2.2. Non-resident entities 
An entity will be considered as a non-resident of Latvia for taxation purposes in all cases unless it is a tax resident 
of Latvia. 
In accordance with the Corporate Income Tax Law the interest income and capital gains from the sale of the 
Securities for non-resident entities will not be taxable in Latvia. 
11.3. TAXATION OF RESIDENTS OF LOW OR NO TAX JURISDICTIONS 
In general, payments (including interest payments) to non-residents located, registered or incorporated in a no-
tax or low-tax country or territory as defined in the Regulations of the Cabinet of Ministers No.333 “Regulations 
on Low Tax or No Tax Countries and Territories ” of 27 June 2023 are subject to withholding tax of 20% if the 
payer is a Latvian legal entity having obligation to withhold tax.

--- Page 54 ---
53 
12. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
Under the Programme described in the Base Prospectus, the Issuer may periodically issue the Securities on the 
Terms and Conditions of the Securities set out herein (“Terms and Conditions of the Securities”), as completed by 
Final Terms. The relevant final terms of any Series of the Securities are set out in the Final Terms which complete 
these Terms and Conditions of the Securities. References to the “relevant Final Terms” are to the Final Terms (or 
the relevant provisions thereof). 
12.1. GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE SECURITIES 
12.1.1. Parties: 
Issuer:  
SIA TWINO Investments Poland, incorporated and registered as a limited liability 
company (in Latvian – sabiedrība ar ierobežotu atbildību) in the Commercial Register 
of Enterprises of Latvia on 15 February 2022 with the unified registration 
number: 40203380395. It is organised and operating pursuant to the laws of Latvia 
and has been established for an indefinite period of time. The LEI of the Issuer is 
984500BDTE51D13B6879. The registered address and office of the Issuer is at: 2A 
Pērses Street, Riga, LV-1011, Latvia and its telephone number is: +371 67 799 997.  
Distributor: 
AS TWINO Investments, incorporated and registered as a joint stock company (in 
Latvian – akciju sabiedrība) in the Commercial Register of Enterprises of Latvia on 
26 March 2020 with the unified registration number: 44103143823. It is organised 
and operating pursuant to the laws of Latvia and has been established for an indefinite 
period of time. The registered address and office of the Distributor is at: 2A Pērses 
Street, Riga, LV-1011, Latvia and its telephone number is: +371 67 799 997. 
The Distributor is authorized as an investment firm by the Bank of Latvia on 31 
August 2021 under the licence number: 06.06.08.720/536 to provide investment 
services and ancillary services. 
Lender 
SIA TWINO Finance, a company incorporated and registered in Latvia, unified 
registration number.:40203380408, who issues Loan, which forms the Loan 
Receivables that are sold to the Issuer and serve as the underlying assets of the 
Securities. 
Loan Originator 
Fincard Spółka z ograniczoną odpowiedzialnością (Fincard Sp. z o.o.), a company 
registered in Poland, Reg. No. [KRS]: 0000803716, operating as a loan institution and 
small payment institution entered into the register of loan institutions and register of 
payment services, respectively, kept by the Polish Financial Supervisory Authority. A 
legal entity, which on the basis of the Underlying Agreement has issued the Underlying 
Loan to the Underlying Borrower. 
Securityholder 
A private individual or a legal entity, who in line with the applicable legal acts and 
Distributor`s terms and conditions, has invested in Securities by buying one or several 
Securities. 
12.1.2. The Loan Receivables: 
Maturity term of the 
Loan: 
The term, which is set out in accordance with the Loan Agreement for the Loan 
Originator to make the repayment of the Loan; 
Schedule: 
The schedule for the repayment of the Loan (both principal, interest, commission and 
other fees, if applicable), which is an integral part of the Loan Agreement and sets out 
the amounts and dates of the payments. The principal shall be payable in a bullet 
payment at the maturity of the Loan. Interest shall be accrued and paid periodically. 
Interest on the Loan: 
The remuneration that the Loan Originator pays to the Lender for the usage of the 
Loan. The interest shall be calculated from the unpaid principal amount of the Loan,

--- Page 55 ---
54 
and the Loan Originator shall pay it in accordance with the terms and conditions of the 
Loan Agreement and the Schedule. 
Extension of the Loan: 
The Loan Originator has the right to extend the Loan for a maximum of 3 (three) times 
for a 3 (three)-month period (in total for 9 (nine) months) unless a shorter period is 
defined in the Loan Agreement. 
12.1.3. The Underlying Portfolio: 
Underlying Agreement 
A distance contract between the Underlying Borrower (as a borrower) and the Loan 
Originator (as a lender) for the disbursement of the Underlying Loan containing the 
terms and conditions of the Underlying Loan (For more information about the main 
terms and conditions of the Underlying Agreement, please see section “8.9. The 
Underlying Loans”). 
Underlying Loan 
Funds that the Loan Originator has granted to the Underlying Borrower in line with the 
terms and conditions set out in the Underlying Agreement. 
Underlying Borrower 
A natural person that has entered into the Underlying Agreement with the Loan 
Originator. 
Limitations of the usage 
of the Underlying 
Borrower's personal data 
The Underlying Borrower will not be informed of the specifics involving the 
transactions related to the issuing of and investing in Securities. The Securityholder 
shall not request from the Distributor or any other involved parties any additional 
information about the Underlying Borrower and his or her personal data. The 
Securityholder shall in no way contact or meet the Underlying Borrower in connection 
with the Underlying Agreement in the context of their investment in Securities. 
Maturity term of the 
Underlying Loan 
The term, which is set out in the Underlying Agreement for the Underlying Borrower 
to make the repayment of the Underlying Loan. 
Commission 
The remuneration that the Underlying Borrower pays to the Loan Originator for the 
usage of the Underlying Loan. The commission shall be calculated from the unpaid 
principal amount of the Underlying Loan, and the Underlying Borrower shall pay it in 
accordance with the terms and conditions of the Underlying Agreement; 
Activities with the 
Underlying Portfolio 
The Loan Originator has the right to: 
a. 
amend and/or to enter in supplemental agreements to the Underlying 
Agreement without coordinating it with the Lender, the Issuer, the 
Securityholder or any other party, including, at discretion, extending the 
maturity term of the Underlying Loan; 
b. manage the Underlying Loans in all aspects and to take all actions required 
relating to the repayment of the Underlying Loan and fulfilment of the 
Underlying Agreement until it is repaid in full. 
The Loan Originator shall act with the utmost care and in a way ensuring the 
representation and protection of the interests of the Lender, the Issuer and the 
Securityholder.

--- Page 56 ---
55 
12.1.4. Website 
Availability of Securities: 
Securities are available for the purchase for interested parties only over the counter 
(OTC) via the Website, where the private individuals or legal entities wishing to invest 
in Securities or to get acquainted with the information about Securities, may register 
and create a user profile. Potential investors need to comply with the Distributor’s 
terms and conditions to be able to invest in the Securities. Investment procedure for 
the Securities is described in a Client Agreement that shall be concluded by and 
between the Distributor and the potential investor (For more information about the 
flow of payments between the parties, please see section 4.1 “The Securities and 
transaction overview”). 
Securityholder’s Profile:  
Operational platform that is accessible through the Website and becomes available to 
the Securityholder after the registration on the Website. The Securityholder must use 
an authentication procedure defined and set by the Distributor to access the 
Securityholder’s Profile via the Website.  
12.1.5. Securities 
Securities or Security:  
Financial instruments – asset-backed securities, issued by the Issuer and backed by the 
Loan Receivables. A Security refers to an investment into the Loan Receivables. 
Investment in Securities:  
A Securityholder can invest in one or several Securities by purchasing them at Issue 
Price. The payments to the Securityholder are distributed proportionally to their 
respective share of the Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Series. 
Series: 
The Securities will be issued periodically in several Series having different issue dates. 
Each Series shall have a unique ISIN number, its own Final Terms and will be linked to a 
specific Loan Receivable;  
Activities with the Loan 
Receivables: 
Subject to the Lender’s written consent, the Loan Originator has the right to extend 
the repayment of the Loan for a maximum of three (3) times for a three (3)-months 
period each (in total for 9 (nine) months) without a prior consent of the Issuer, the 
Distributor or any other party. The said extensions shall extend the Maturity Date of 
the Securities that are backed by the respective Loan Receivable, accordingly. 
The Loan Originator’s 
representations: 
The Loan Originator: 
a. 
has not alienated, pledged to third parties or otherwise encumbered the Loan 
Receivable, except to the Issuer; 
b. is not responsible for the delay of the due date set out in the Underlying 
Agreement by the Underlying Borrower; 
c. 
shall not be liable to the Lender, nor any successors or heirs of their liabilities 
and rights, nor to any other third party in the event the Underlying Borrower 
fails to perform the obligations arising out of the Underlying Agreement in full 
or any part thereof.  
Redemption Rights: 
The Issuer is entitled to redeem the Securities from the Securityholder at any point in 
time at Early Redemption Amount. In such case the Distributor shall indicate this 
information in the Securityholder’s Profile. 
12.2. CONSENT OF THE SECURITYHOLDER 
Securityholders have notice of, and have accepted, the terms and conditions set out in the Base Prospectus, the 
Final Terms and the Assignment Agreement. It is hereby expressly provided that, and Securityholders are deemed 
to have accepted that: 
a. 
the Issuer makes no representation or warranty in respect of, or shall at any time have no responsibility 
for liability or obligation in respect of the performance and observance by the Loan Originator of its 
obligations with respect to the Loan Receivables under the Assignment Agreement or the recoverability of

--- Page 57 ---
56 
any sum of principal or interest (or any additional amounts) due from the Loan Originator under the 
Assignment Agreement; 
b. the Issuer shall not at any time have any responsibility for, or obligation or liability in respect of the 
condition (financial or otherwise), creditworthiness, affairs, status, nature or prospects of the Loan 
Originator; 
c. 
the Issuer shall not at any time be liable for any representation or warranty or any act, default or omission 
of the Loan Originator with respect to the Loan Receivable under or in respect of the Assignment 
Agreement; 
d. the financial servicing and performance of the terms and conditions of the Securities depend solely upon 
performance by the Loan Originator of its obligations with respect to the Loan Receivables under the Loan 
Agreement and the Assignment Agreement respectively and its covenant to make payments with respect 
to the Loan Receivables under the Loan Agreement and the Assignment Agreement respectively and its 
credit and financial standing. The Loan Originator has represented and warranted to the Issuer that the 
Loan Receivables constitute a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Loan Originator; 
e. the Issuer shall be entitled to rely on documents signed by the authorized persons of the Loan Originator 
(and, where applicable, certification by third parties) as a means of monitoring whether the Loan 
Originator is complying with its obligations with respect to the Loan Receivables under the Assignment 
Agreement and shall not otherwise be responsible for investigating any aspect of the Loan Originator’s 
performance in relation thereto; 
f. 
the Issuer shall not be required to risk its own funds or otherwise incur any financial liability in the 
performance of its obligations or duties or the exercise of any right, authority or discretion pursuant to 
terms and conditions set out in the Base Prospectus until it has received from the Loan Originator the 
funds or adequate insurance against, and/or security and/or prefunding that are necessary to cover the 
costs in connection with such performance or exercise, or has been (in its sole discretion) sufficiently 
assured that it will receive such funds; 
g. 
the Issuer will not be liable for any shortfall in respect of amounts payable by or resulting from any 
withholding or deduction or for any payment on account of tax or duties required to be made by the 
Issuer on or in relation to any sum received by it with respect to the Loan Receivables under the 
Assignment Agreement which may affect payments made by the Loan Originator with respect to the Loan 
Receivables under the Assignment Agreement, save to the extent that it has received additional amounts 
with respect to the Loan Receivables under the Assignment Agreement in respect of such withholding or 
deduction or payment. The Issuer shall, furthermore, not be obliged to take any actions or measures as 
regards such deduction or withholding or payment, other than those set out in the Assignment 
Agreement. 
The obligations of the Issuer in respect of the Securities rank pari passu without any preference among 
themselves, as well as with respect to all general, direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer and without any preference among themselves and at least pari passu with any present 
or future obligation. 
Save as otherwise expressly provided herein, no proprietary or other direct interest in the Issuer’s right under or 
in respect of the Assignment Agreement and the corresponding Loan Receivables exists for the benefit of the 
Securityholder. No Securityholder will have any entitlement to enforce the Assignment Agreement or direct 
recourse to the Loan Originator except through action by the Distributor pursuant to the relevant authority 
granted to the Distributor in the Client Agreement. The Issuer shall not be required to take any step, action or 
proceedings to enforce payment with respect to the Loan Receivables under the Assignment Agreement unless it 
has been indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded by the Securityholder to its satisfaction. 
The obligations of the Issuer under the Securities shall be solely to make payments of amounts in aggregate 
equivalent to each sum received by or for the account of the Issuer1 from the Loan Originator in respect of 
principal, interest or any other amounts relating to the Loan Receivables. Accordingly, all payments to be made 
by the Issuer under the Securities will be made only from and to the extent of such sums received or recovered 
by or on behalf of the Issuer. The Securityholder shall look solely to such sums for payments to be made by the 
Issuer under the Securities as the obligation of the Issuer to make payments in respect of the Securities will be 
 
1 After the deduction or withholding of such taxes or duties as may be required to be made by the Issuer by law in respect of such sum or in 
respect of the Securities.

--- Page 58 ---
57 
limited to such sums. The Securityholder will have no further recourse to the Issuer or any of the Issuer’s other 
assets (including the Issuer’s rights with respect to any Loan Receivables relating to any other Series of Securities) 
in respect thereof. In the event that the amount due and payable by the Issuer under the Securities exceeds the 
sums received or recovered, the right of any person to claim payment of any amount exceeding such sums shall 
be extinguished, and the Securityholder may take no further action to recover such amounts. 
The Securityholder must therefore rely solely and exclusively upon the covenant to pay under the Assignment 
Agreement and the credit and financial standing of the Loan Originator, and no other assets of the Issuer will be 
available to the Securityholder. 
12.3. PURPOSE OF THE ISSUE OF THE SECURITIES 
The sole purpose of the issue of the Securities is to fund the acquisition of the Loan Receivables. The Securities 
constitute the obligation of the Issuer to apply the proceeds from the issue of the Securities solely for financing 
the acquisition and to account to the Securityholder for an amount equivalent to sums of principal, interest and 
additional amounts (if any) actually received by or for the account of the Issuer in accordance with the Assignment 
Agreement. 
12.4. THE LOAN RECEIVABLES 
The Securities shall be secured by the Loan Receivables payable by the Loan Originator. Prior to the issuance of 
each Series of Securities the Issuer shall purchase the Loan Receivables, which represents the claim rights towards 
the Loan Originator for the repayment of the Loan in such amount that fully corresponds to the amount of the 
Securities that are to be issued within the particular Series of Securities.  
The Loan Receivables shall serve as the assets that are backing the Securities. The Loan Originator shall never 
borrow more than 95% of the outstanding amount of the value of the Underlying Portfolio. As a result, at least 
5% of the Underlying Portfolio shall be financed using its own funds. This is done to ensure that the Loan 
Originator’s interests are aligned with the interests of the Securityholder.  
The Loan Receivables are governed by the laws of Latvia and any disputes arising in relation to Loan Receivables 
shall be settled exclusively by the courts of Latvia in accordance with laws of Latvia. 
12.4.1. Securities backed by Loan Receivable 
All Securities that are linked to a certain Loan Receivable are equal and have the same ISIN, cash flow, Nominal 
Value, Maturity Date as well as other characteristics and are interchangeable between each other. If two or more 
Securityholders have purchased Securities that are linked to the same Loan Receivable, all of them shall receive 
the same cash flows proportional to their share (proportion) of the number of the Securities purchased, because 
each Security represents a relatively small portion of the Loan Receivable. As a result, the Securities are linked to 
individual Loan Receivable.  
12.4.2. Link between the Security and the respective Loan Receivable 
Certain characteristics and behaviour of the Securities like start date and end date, as well as cash flows shall be 
linked to the Loan Receivable. If the Loan Receivable is paid in full or in part, the same is done by the Issuer with 
respect to the Securities that are linked to the corresponding Loan Receivable. The same applies to a delay of the 
repayment of the Securities. If the repayments of the Loan Receivable are delayed or extended, then a 
corresponding delay or extension of the repayment of the Securities takes place. 
12.5. TYPE, CLASS, FORM, DENOMINATION, REGISTER, TITLE AND TRANSFERS 
12.5.1. Type and class 
The Securities are asset-backed debt securities and are not divided into classes.

--- Page 59 ---
58 
12.5.2. Form 
The Securities will be unlisted and traded over the counter (OTC) by the Distributor on the Website and issued in 
registered and book-entry form. The register of transactions is kept by the Distributor. 
12.5.3. Denomination 
The aggregate amount of the Securities issued within the scope of this Base Prospectus shall not exceed 
EUR 90 000 000 at any given time. The Securities shall be issued and sold to the Securityholder at the Issue Price 
that is equal to the Nominal Value, which is EUR 1.00, unless stated otherwise in the Final Terms. A single Security 
cannot be split among several Securityholders and can be owned by a single Securityholder only and, thus, the 
minimum amount to invest is EUR 1.00. There are no limitations on the amount of the Securities that a single 
Securityholder can have.  
12.5.4. Register 
The Distributor shall record in the names and addresses of the holders of the Securities, particulars of the 
Securities and all transfers and redemptions thereof in its records. In these Terms and Conditions of the Securities, 
the “holder” of a Security means the person in whose name such Security is for the time being registered in the 
relevant Register. 
12.5.5. Title 
The Securityholder shall (except as otherwise required by law) be treated as the absolute owner of such Security 
for all purposes. A transfer of the Securities shall be executed without charge by the Issuer, but upon the payment 
to the relevant Securityholder any tax or other governmental charges may be imposed in relation to it.  
12.5.6. Transfers 
The Securities may be transferred among different Securityholders on the Platform after their Issue Date. Such 
sale of Securities shall be executed based on a bulletin board principle, where selling and purchasing interests of 
the Securityholder are published. The orders of the Securityholder are not matched by the Distributor.  
12.6. INTEREST RATE 
The Interest rate of the Security shall be fixed and independent from the interest rates of the Loan Receivables 
and shall be defined within the relevant Final Terms. Each Security bears an Annual Interest Rate (as defined in 
the Final Terms) on its outstanding principal amount, which may differ from, but not be higher than the annual 
interest rate of the relevant Loan Receivable. The Interest on the Securities is paid by the Issuer to the 
Securityholder in the following events (the “Interest Payment Date”): 
a. according to Schedule (scheduled amounts); 
b. in case of early repayment (proportionate to the repaid amount). 
The payment dates of interest to the Securityholder are structured in a way to mirror the scheduled interest 
payments of the Loan Receivable to which the particular Security is linked to. Early partial and early full repayment 
of the principal of the Loan Receivables can trigger a corresponding repayment of the Interest on the Securities. 
12.6.1. Interest payment dates 
With respect to business days no adjustments are made. Cash flows that fall due on holidays will be paid on 
previous business day for the actual usage time, which will be compensated in the next month. 
Up-to-date individual payment schedules of the Loan Receivables are available on the Securityholder’s profiles on 
the Website. 
12.6.2. Accrual of Interest and calculations 
Interest shall accrue on the unpaid principal amount of the Security up to, but excluding, the due date for 
redemption in the manner provided in the Final Terms of the particular Security.

--- Page 60 ---
59 
12.7. MATURITY AND REDEMPTION 
12.7.1. Maturity 
The Maturity Dates (as defined in the Final Terms) of the Securities are structured in a way to match the maturity 
of the Loan Receivable to which the Security is linked to ensure that the Securities mirror the behaviour of the 
Loan Receivables.  
The maturity of the Loan Receivables can change over time, if the Loan Originator uses the option to extend the 
Loan. As a result, the term of the Securities might change over time. 
12.7.2. Scheduled Redemption 
The repayment of the Securities shall be made subject to the repayment of the relevant Loan Receivables to which 
the Securities are linked to. Whenever the Issuer receives a scheduled repayment of the principal of any of the 
Loan Receivable, the amount shall be distributed equally among all the Securities backed by the corresponding 
Loan Receivable.  
12.7.3. Early Mandatory Redemption 
The Security part related to the Loan shall be repaid in full or in part (as might be the case), if (i) the Loan 
Receivables cease to exist, (ii) an early full or partial repayment of Loan principal is made by the Loan Originator. 
12.7.4. Early Voluntary Redemption 
The Issuer may redeem all or some of the outstanding Securities in full or in part before their respective Maturity 
Date at the Early Redemption Amount. The Issuer must not give a notice to the Securityholder. 
12.7.5. Redemption at the option of the Securityholder 
Redemption at the option of the Securityholder is not applicable. 
12.8. PAYMENTS AND CASH FLOWS 
The uninvested amounts of the investors shall be held in a separate bank account of the Distributor. Upon the 
sale of the Security, the relevant amount of the funds of the investor shall be transferred to the Issuer or to the 
person indicated by the Issuer, in particular to the Lender as the Issuer is obliged to transfer the funds to the 
Lender as per the Assignment Agreement. The Lender then shall use the funds to distribute the Loan to the Loan 
Originator.  
Payments in respect of the repayment of the Securities shall be made only in such amounts that are equivalent 
to the sums actually paid by the Loan Originator by way of principal or additional amounts to the Loan Receivables, 
and will be made pro-rata among all the Securityholders, on the date of, and in the currency of, and subject to 
the conditions attaching to, the corresponding repayment by the Loan Originator in accordance with the Loan 
Agreement and the Assignment Agreement. If the Loan Originator fails to make the payment, the Issuer shall not 
be obliged to make a corresponding repayment of the Securities until it has received the funds from the Loan 
Originator. 
The Issuer shall not be liable to make any payment in respect of the Securities other than as expressly provided 
herein. The Issuer shall not be under any obligation to exercise in favour of the Securityholder any rights of set-
off or of banker’s lien or to combine accounts or counterclaim that may arise out of other transactions between 
the Issuer, the Loan Originator and the Underlying Borrower or any affiliate. 
The Distributor shall act as a payment agent on behalf of the Lender and the Issuer to manage the cash flow and 
payments between the Issuer, the Lender and the Loan Originator subject to such arrangements being supported 
by the involved banks. 
All such payments, where the Distributor acts as a payment agent shall be executed by the Distributor 
immediately, but no later than within 3 business days after the day of receiving the incoming funds (unless agreed 
otherwise by the parties) to make the corresponding outgoing payment, where the following order takes place:

--- Page 61 ---
60 
a. Funds from the investors are collected prior the purchase of the Securities; 
b. Issue Price is transferred to the Issuer after the Securities are issued; 
c. 
Assignment Fee is transferred to the Lender after the Issue Price is received by the Issuer; 
d. Loan is distributed to the Loan Originator after the Assignment Fee is received by the Lender; 
e. Loan Receivables are transferred to the Issuer after the Loan is repaid by the Loan Originator; and 
f. 
The Securities are repaid to the Securityholders after the Loan Receivables are received by the Issuer. 
12.8.1. Currency 
Securities shall be issued and all payments on the Securities shall be made by the Issuer in EUR. 
12.8.2. Payments 
All payments on the Securities shall be made by the Issuer to the Securityholder by way of a bank transfer from 
the Issuer to the Distributor, who maintains separate client account and the Register and holds the funds on 
behalf of the Securityholder. No direct payments between the Issuer and the Securityholders shall take place. 
12.8.3. Issuer’s Obligations arising from the Securities 
In each case where amounts of principal, interest and additional amounts (if any) are stated to be payable in 
respect of a Series of Securities, the Issuer has an obligation to make any such payment to the Securityholder only 
if and in such amount as the corresponding payment has been received and retained (net of tax and all other 
deductions whatsoever) by the Issuer from the Loan Receivables. The Issuer will have no other financial obligation 
under the Securities. 
Except as set forth herein, payments in respect of the Securities will be made without any deduction or 
withholding for, or on account of, the taxes of any relevant jurisdiction, except as required by the laws of Latvia 
(see Section 11 “TAXATION” herein). 
12.9. SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
12.9.1. Subscription 
The Distributor maintains an investment platform for (i) the Issuer to offer and sell the Securities to the 
Securityholders pursuant to the Distribution Agreement and (ii) the Securityholders to purchase, hold and sell the 
Securities on the Platform to other Securityholders pursuant to the Client Agreement. 
The investors can subscribe to a specific Series until it is fully subscribed (i.e., the subscriptions have reached the 
Aggregate Nominal Value) by reserving the desired amount of the Securities on the Distributor’s platform. At this 
point the investor’s funds shall be reserved (in full amount with respect to the reserved amount) by the Distributor 
until the Securities are issued and the funds released to the Issuer. Once an investor has subscribed to a specific 
amount of the Securities, the available cash balance of the investor is automatically reduced, and there is no 
possibility for the investor to decrease the subscription amount. Any transfer of funds between the parties shall 
take place by way of bank transfer. 
The subscription period for each Series is set for the same calendar date, when it becomes available for 
subscription. However, if the Series are not fully subscribed during this calendar day, then only the subscribed 
part is issued to the investors at 00:00:01 GMT+2 (during standard time) of the next calendar day. The remaining 
amount of the Aggregate Nominal Value remains available at the next calendar day and this cycle continues until 
the specific Series are fully subscribed. The results of the offer (including the amount of the Securities allotted) 
shall be made available to the investors in their accounts on the Distributor’s platform after the end of the 
subscription period. No dealing may begin before notification is made. 
The Distributor or the Issuer can at any time reduce or cancel the subscription to the Series without coordinating 
it with the investors of the Distributor or the Securityholders. In this case the investors of the Distributor or the 
Securityholders are refunded in the full amount paid for the Securities.

--- Page 62 ---
61 
Subject to the terms and conditions contained in the Distribution Agreement between the Issuer, the Lender and 
the Distributor, the Securities will be periodically offered by the Issuer to the investors on the Platform. Any 
agreement for the sale of Securities will, inter alia, make provision for: 
a. the form and terms and conditions of the relevant Securities; 
b. whether the placement of the Securities is available only over-the-counter on the Website; 
c. 
the price at which such Securities will be offered by the Distributor; 
d. the commissions or other agreed deductibles (if any) which are payable or allowable by the Issuer in 
respect of such subscription and; 
e. the form of any indemnity to the Distributor against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and 
sale of the relevant Securities. 
The Securities may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale 
on the Platform. The Distribution Agreement entitles the Distributor to terminate any agreement that they make 
to subscribe for the Securities in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Securities being made to the 
Issuer. There are no pre-emption rights linked to the Series and the Securities. 
12.9.2. Role and Liability of the Distributor 
The Client Agreement contains provisions for the indemnification of the Distributor and for its relief from 
responsibility in certain circumstances, including provisions relieving it from taking proceedings to enforce 
payment unless indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction, and to be paid its costs and 
expenses in priority to the claims of the Securityholder. In addition, the Distributor is entitled to enter into 
business transactions with the Issuer, the Loan Originator and any entity relating to the Issuer, the Loan Originator 
without accounting for any profit and obtaining any consent from the Securityholder. 
The Distributor shall have regard to the general interests of the Securityholder as a class but shall not have regard 
to any interests arising from circumstances particular to individual Securityholder. Further, the Distributor shall 
not have regard to the consequences of any such exercise for individual Securityholders resulting from their being 
for any purpose domiciled or resident in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any 
particular territory or any political sub-division thereof. The Distributor shall not be entitled to require, nor shall 
any Securityholder be entitled to claim, from the Issuer, the Distributor or any other person any indemnification 
or payment in respect of any tax consequence of any such exercise upon individual Securityholders except to the 
extent already provided for in this Base Prospectus. 
12.9.3. Fees 
The Distributor shall receive a fee for its services from the Loan Originator as well as is entitled to any other 
remuneration for its work and services provided to other parties. The fee paid by the Loan Originator to the 
Distributor for its services with respect to the issue of the Securities shall be expressed as a fixed percentage rate 
from the total outstanding amount of the Securities issued by the Issuer. 
12.9.4. Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Securities shall be prescribed and become void unless 
made within three (3) years as from the date on which payment in respect thereof first becomes due. 
12.10. 
ISSUER'S COVENANTS 
So long as any of the Securities remain outstanding, the Issuer will not, without the prior written consent of the 
Distributor, agree to any amendments to or any modification of, or waiver of the terms of the Assignment 
Agreement. Any such amendment, modification or waiver made with the consent of the Distributor shall be 
binding on the Securityholder and any such amendment or modification shall be notified by the Issuer to the 
Securityholder. 
Save as provided above, so long as any Security remains outstanding, the Issuer shall not, inter alia:

--- Page 63 ---
62 
a. incur any other indebtedness for borrowed money (other than issuing further Securities and/or creating 
or incurring further obligations relating to such Securities and issues of Securities on a limited recourse 
basis for the sole purpose of acquiring the Loan Receivables); 
b. engage in any business (other than entering into the Programme and issuing Securities thereunder or on 
a standalone basis from time to time for the sole purpose of acquiring the Loan Receivables in accordance 
with the Assignment Agreement and its appendixes, entering into related agreements and transactions 
(including derivatives on a limited recourse basis) and performing any act incidental or necessary in 
connection with any of the foregoing); 
c. 
declare any dividends; 
d. have any subsidiaries; 
e. purchase, own, lease or otherwise acquire any real property (including office premises or alike facilities); 
f. 
consolidate or merge with any other person; 
g. 
convey or transfer its properties or assets substantially as an entity to any person (otherwise than as 
contemplated in these Terms and Conditions of the Securities); 
h. issue any shares (other than those existing at the date of the Base Prospectus); 
i. 
give any guarantee or assume any other liability; or 
j. 
subject to the laws of Latvia, petition for any winding-up or bankruptcy. 
12.11. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer reserves the right from time to time without the consent of the Securityholder to create and issue 
further Series (or batches of existing Series) within the scope of this Base Prospectus, as well as other prospectuses 
confirmed by the BoL in the future. Further Series of Securities (or batches of existing Series) within the scope of 
this Base Prospectus will: 
a. be equivalent and replaceable with respect to the Securities of that existing Series; 
b. have the same terms and conditions as the Securities of that Series except for the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount, the Issue Date, the Issue Price, the Interest Accrual Periods, the first Interest Payment Date and 
the first Redemption Date; and 
c. 
be consolidated and form a single Series with that existing Series, and references in the terms and 
conditions to the Securities shall be construed accordingly. 
The right of the Issuer from time to time without the consent of the Securityholder to create and issue further 
Series, includes also the Issuer’s right to issue other instruments according to the prospectuses and transaction 
documents for other loan originators. 
12.12. 
NOTICES 
Any notice or other communication to be made under or in connection with the Securities to the Securityholder 
shall be published on the Website and/or otherwise in accordance with the provisions of the laws of Latvia. A 
notice will be deemed to be made on the day of its publication (in case of more than one publication, on the day 
of the first publication). 
12.13. 
MEETINGS OF THE SECURITYHOLDERS 
The issuance of Securities described in this Base Prospectus does not provide for the right of the Securityholders 
to establish a representative body nor does it authorize an organization or a person to represent all or part of the 
interests of the Securityholders, however, such rights, if executed, are subject to the respective legal framework 
set forth in the laws of Latvia. 
12.14. 
TAXATION 
All payments in respect of the Securities by the Issuer shall be made without withholding or deduction for, or on 
account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature, unless

--- Page 64 ---
63 
the withholding or deduction of the taxes is required by the laws of Latvia. In such case the Issuer shall withhold 
the tax from the payment to the Securityholder and pay the amount net of tax. 
12.15. 
GOVERNING LAW AND DISPUTE SETTLEMENT 
12.15.1. Governing law  
The Securities are created and issued in accordance with the laws of Latvia. 
12.15.2. Dispute settlement 
Any disputes relating to or arising in relation to the Securities shall be settled solely by the courts of Latvia of 
competent jurisdiction in accordance with the laws of Latvia. 
12.16. 
RIGHTS ATTACHED TO THE SECURITIES 
The Securities will bear interest from (and including) the day the Securityholder buys the specific Security at a rate 
specified in the Final Terms. The interest is payable on a monthly basis considering these Terms and Conditions 
of the Securities. The Securityholder has the right to sell the security to other Securityholders on the Platform 
considering the Terms and Conditions of the Securities.  
12.17. 
DEFINITIONS 
The following definitions apply throughout the Terms and Conditions the Securities and the Base Prospectus (capitalised terms that are not 
defined in this section will have the meaning given to them in other parts of the Terms and Conditions of the Securities, the Final Terms or 
elsewhere in the Base Prospectus):  
Aggregate Nominal Value 
the sum of the Nominal Values of the Securities issued within a Series; 
Assignment Agreement 
an assignment agreement concluded by and between the Issuer (as the 
assignee) and the Lender (as the assignor) with respect to the Loan 
Receivables arising out of the Loan Agreement. The Assignment 
Agreement is part of the overall Transaction Documents; 
Assignment Fee 
the payment (i.e., an assignment fee) that the Issuer shall pay to the 
Lender for the Loan Receivables made by the Issuer to the Lender in 
accordance with to the Assignment Agreement; 
Base Prospectus 
this document; 
BoL 
the Bank of Latvia (in Latvian - Latvijas Banka); 
Client Agreement 
an agreement concluded by and between the Distributor and the 
Securityholder with respect to the purchase of the Securities; 
Commission  
the remuneration that the Underlying Borrower pays to the Loan 
Originator for the usage of the Underlying Loan. The Commission shall be 
calculated from the outstanding principal amount of the Underlying Loan, 
and the Underlying Borrower shall pay it in accordance with the terms 
and conditions of the Underlying agreement; 
Credit Limit 
credit limit the Loan Originator assigned to the Underlying Borrower; 
Delegated Regulation 
Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019 supplementing the 
Prospectus Regulation as regards the format, content, scrutiny and 
approval of the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to 
the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing 
Commission Regulation (EC) No 809/2004;

--- Page 65 ---
64 
Distribution Agreement 
a distribution agreement concluded by and between the Issuer, the 
Lender and the Distributor with respect to the distribution of the 
Securities; 
Distributor 
the legal entity specified as “Distributor” in Section 12.1.1 of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Securities; 
Early Redemption Amount 
the amount that is paid by the Issuer to the Securityholder in case if the 
Issuer redeems the Securities prior to the Maturity Date and that is equal 
to the sum of the outstanding principal and accrued interest of the 
Securities at the date of the early redemption; 
EEA 
the European Economic Area; 
EUR 
the official currency of the European Union; 
Final Terms 
any duly completed final terms in the form set out in Section 13. FORM 
OF THE FINAL TERMS of the Base Prospectus and including the necessary 
information concerning the Issuer and the Securities offered to the 
public; 
Financial Instruments Market Law 
Financial Instrument Market Law (in Latvian – Finanšu instrumentu tirgus 
likums) of Latvia, adopted on 20 November 2003; 
Interest 
the interest on the Securities that is paid by the Issuer to the 
Securityholders and that is defined in the Final Terms as Annual Interest 
Rate. The payment dates of interest to the Securityholders are structured 
in a way to mirror the payment of interest of the Loan Receivable to which 
the particular Securities are linked to; 
ISIN 
International Securities Identification Number; 
Issue Date 
the issue date of the Securities being the date on which the Securities are 
first made available for subscription as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
Issue Price 
the price at which the Securities are issued by the Issuer, as defined in the 
Final Terms; 
Issuer 
the legal entity specified as “Issuer” in Section 12.1.1 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Securities; 
IT 
information technology; 
Latvia 
the Republic of Latvia; 
LEI 
legal entity identifier; 
Lender 
SIA TWINO Finance, incorporated and registered as a limited liability 
company (in Latvian – sabiedrība ar ierobežotu atbildību) in the 
Commercial Register of Enterprises of Latvia on 15 February 2022 with 
the unified registration number: 40203380408. It is organised and 
operating pursuant to the laws of Latvia and has been established for an 
indefinite period of time. The registered address and office of the Lender 
is at: 2A Pērses Street, Riga, LV-1011, Latvia and its telephone number is: 
+371 67 799 997; 
Loan 
the principal amount of the business loan granted and disbursed by the 
Lender to the Loan Originator in accordance with the Loan Agreement, 
where the overall Loan may be issued in several individual Loans and with 
different maturities all as defined in the Loan Agreement;  
Loan Agreement 
a business loan agreement concluded by and between the Lender (as a 
lender) and the Loan Originator (as a borrower) with respect to the Loan;

--- Page 66 ---
65 
Loan Originator 
Fincard Spółka z ograniczoną odpowiedzialnością (Fincard Sp. z o.o.), a 
company registered in Poland, Reg. No. [KRS]: 0000803716, operating as 
a loan institution and small payment institution entered into the register 
of loan institutions and register of payment services, respectively, kept by 
the Polish Financial Supervisory Authority. A legal entity, which on the 
basis of the Underlying Agreement has issued the Underlying Loan to the 
Underlying Borrower; 
Loan Receivables 
the claim rights towards the Loan Originator with respect to the Loan 
granted by the Lender in accordance with the Loan Agreement; 
Management Board 
a management board of the capital company, pursuant to Article 145 of 
Commercial Law (in Latvian – Komerclikums) of Latvia; 
Maturity Date 
the maturity date of the Securities that is defined in the Final Terms; 
Member States 
the Member States of the European Union; 
MIFID II 
Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments and amending Directive 
2002/92/EC and Directive 2011/61/EU;  
Nasdaq CSD SE 
Nasdaq CSD SE, incorporated and registered in the Commercial Register 
of Enterprises of Latvia on 9 January 1995 with the unified registration 
number: 40003242879. It is organised and operating pursuant to the laws 
of Latvia and has been established for an indefinite period of time. The 
registered address and office of the Nasdaq CSD SE is at: 1 Valnu Street, 
Riga, LV-1050, Latvia; 
Nominal Value 
the nominal value of the Securities, which shall be in the amount of 
EUR 1.00, unless stated otherwise in the Final Terms; 
Platform 
an electronic platform as a technical solution owned by the Distributor 
and available on the Website where Securities and other investment 
services and financial instruments are sold to the Securityholders; 
PLN 
the currency of Poland – Polish Zlotys; 
Poland 
the Republic of Poland; 
Prospectus Regulation 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are 
offered to the public of admitted to trading on a regulated market, and 
repealing Directive 2003/71/EC; 
Register 
an electronic register maintained by the Distributor, where information 
about the following is recorded:  
a. 
the names and addresses of the holders of the Securities; 
b. the particulars of the Securities; and; 
c. 
all transfers and redemptions of the Securities by the Securityholder. 
Securities 
asset-backed securities issued or to be issued under the Programme; 
Securityholder 
investor that has purchased and, thus, holds the Security or Securities and 
is recorded in the Register. The “holder” of a Security means the person 
in whose name such Security is for the time being registered in the 
Register. A holder of the Security for the time being.  
Series 
series of the Securities, which shall be issued periodically in several series 
by the Issuer. Each Series shall have a unique ISIN number, its own Final 
Terms and shall be linked to a specific Loan Receivable;

--- Page 67 ---
66 
Target Market 
the target market of the Securities – eligible counterparties, professional 
clients and retail clients, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (MiFID 
II); 
Transaction Documents 
documentation and agreements related to or connected with the 
issuance of the Securities including, but not limited to: 
a. 
the Loan Agreement; 
b. the Assignment Agreement;  
c. 
the Distribution Agreement; and 
d. and other agreements.  
The Transaction Documents may consist of a single or several separate 
agreements (legal documents) depending on the case; 
Underlying Agreement 
a consumer loan agreement concluded between the Loan Originator (as 
a lender) and the Underlying Borrower (as a borrower) with respect to 
the Underlying Loan; 
Underlying Borrowers 
consumers to whom the Loan Originator has granted the Underlying Loan 
according to the terms of the Underlying Agreements; 
Underlying Loans 
consumer loans granted by the Loan Originator to the Underlying 
Borrower according to the terms of the Underlying Agreements; 
Underlying Portfolio 
the Underlying Loans that are pledged in favour of the Lender according 
to the Loan Agreement;  
VAT 
value added tax; 
Website 
the 
website 
branded 
as 
‘TWINO’ 
and 
referring 
to 
the 
domain https://www.twino.eu.

--- Page 68 ---
67 
13. FORM OF THE FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Series of Securities issued under the 
Base Prospectus. The completed Final Terms for each Series, described in the Base Prospectus as the “Final Terms” 
will be published on the Website.  
FINAL TERMS DATED [•] 
SIA TWINO Investments Poland 
(a limited liability company incorporated and registered in the Republic of Latvia  
with the unified registration number: 40203380395, LEI: 984500BDTE51D13B6879) 
Issue of up to [•] Securities under the Programme in reference to the Base Prospectus, dated [•] 
PART A – INFORMATION CONCERNING THE LOAN RECEIVABLES 
Obligor: [•] 
Country: [•] 
Loan amount: [•] 
Loan term: [•] 
Nominal Interest Rate: [•] 
Collateral: [•] 
PART B – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used in these Final Terms have been prepared for the purpose of Article 8(4) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Securities is only available on the basis of the combination of 
the Final Terms when read together with the Base Prospectus dated DD.MM.YYYY, as approved by the Bank of 
Latvia on [•], including any supplements thereto. The Base Prospectus has been or will be, as the case may be, 
published on the website of AS TWINO Investments (www.twino.eu). A summary of the individual issue of the 
Securities is annexed to these Final Terms. 
Terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings specified in the Terms and Conditions of the 
Securities and in the Issue Specific Terms and Conditions of the Securities, in each case as set out in the Base 
Prospectus (together, the “Terms and Conditions”). 
1. Issue number: [•] 
2. ISIN: [•] 
3. Form: registered and book-entry 
4. Specified Currency: EUR 
5. Annual Interest Rate: [•] 
6. Aggregate Nominal Value: EUR [•] 
7. Nominal Value: EUR 1.00 
8. Issue Price: EUR 1.00 per Security 
9. Issue Date (DD/MM/YYYY): [•] 
10. Interest Commencement Date: Issue Date of the Security 
11. Maturity Date (DD/MM/YYYY): [•] 
12. Type of Securities: Asset-backed Securities

--- Page 69 ---
68 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
Scheduled redemption: The repayment of the Security shall be made subject to the repayment of the Loan 
Receivable. Whenever the Issuer receives a scheduled repayment of any Loan Receivables that are linked to 
specific Securities, an equivalent repayment of the latter takes place. The final repayment date of the Security 
may differ in case of an early repayment of Loan Receivables or a term extension. The table below presents the 
planned repayment schedule of the Loan Receivables: 
No. 
Payment Type 
Date 
Amount 
1 
[Principal / Interest / Other] 
[DD/MM/YYYY] 
[EUR …] 
2 
[Principal / Interest / Other] 
[DD/MM/YYYY] 
[EUR …] 
3 
[Principal / Interest / Other] 
[DD/MM/YYYY] 
[EUR …] 
[…] 
[…] 
[…] 
[…] 
[…] 
[…] 
[…] 
[…] 
PART C – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. Ratings 
The Securities to be issued have not been rated. 
2. Operational information 
a. Delivery of the Securities: Delivery versus payment (DVP) 
There are no specific time limits set for the validity of the payment. The Securityholder shall pay the 
Nominal Value to receive the Security. 
b. Banks, where the main accounts relating to issue of the Series are held: 
Legal name: Citadele Bank 
Registration No. 40103303559 
Legal address: 2A Republikas laukums, Riga, LV-1050, Latvia 
SWIFT code: PARXLV22 
Legal identifier (LEI): 2138009Y59EAR7H1UO97 
FATCA GIIN: 6RIMNU.00000.SP.428 
Citadele Bank is regulated by the Bank of Latvia. 
3. Distribution 
a. Total commission and concession: 
No fees of commissions are applicable to the Securityholder.