--- Page 2 ---
1 
SIA TWINO INVESTMENTS POLAND 
(a limited liability company incorporated and registered in Latvia  
with the unified registration number 40203380395 and LEI 984500BDTE51D13B6879) 
EUR 30 000 000 PROGRAMME FOR THE ISSUANCE OF ASSET-BACKED SECURITIES 
Under this EUR 30 000 000 Programme for the Issuance of Asset-Backed Securities (the “Programme”) described 
in this Base Prospectus (as may be amended, updated and supplemented from time to time) (the “Base 
Prospectus”) SIA TWINO Investments Poland, incorporated in and operating under the laws of Latvia with unified 
registration number 40203380395 (the “Issuer”) subject to compliance with all the relevant laws and regulations 
may from time to time issue in one or several series (the “Series”) asset-backed securities (the “Securities”) 
denominated in EUR. The maximum aggregate nominal amount of the Securities from time to time outstanding 
under the Programme and issued by the Issuer will not at any time exceed EUR 30 000 000 (or its equivalent in 
any other currency). The Securities will be distributed by way of a public offer.  
References herein to “the Base Prospectus” shall, where applicable, be deemed to be references to the Base 
Prospectus, including the documents attached herein or incorporated herein by reference (see Section 3 
“DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE” herein), as supplemented or amended from time to time.  
To the extent not set forth in the Base Prospectus, the specific terms of any Securities will be included in the 
relevant final terms (the “Final Terms”) (a form of which is contained herein), therefore the prospectus relating 
to Series issued under the Programme consists of this Base Prospectus and the respective Final Terms. 
The nominal amount of each Security shall be specified in the Final Terms and shall be at least EUR 1.00. The 
Securities will be offered for subscription for a minimum investment amount, which will be specified in the Final 
Terms. The Securities will be issued in registered and book-entry form. The Securities shall be governed by the 
laws of Latvia. 
The Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with Article 8 of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are 
offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing Directive 2003/71/EC (the 
“Prospectus Regulation”) and the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019 
supplementing Prospectus Regulation as regards the format, content, scrutiny and approval of the prospectus to 
be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing 
Commission Regulation (EC) No 809/2004 (the “Delegated Regulation”), in particular, with Annex 9 “Registration 
document for asset-backed securities”, Annex 14 “Securities note for retail non-equity securities” and Annex 19 
“Asset-backed securities” thereof. 
The Bank of Latvia (in Latvian – Latvijas Banka) (the “BoL”) in its capacity as the competent authority in Latvia for 
the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, has approved the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus is valid for a 
period of twelve (12) months after its approval by the BoL and must during such period in accordance with 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation be completed by a supplement to the Base Prospectus in the event of any 
new significant facts or material errors or inaccuracies. The obligation to supplement the Base Prospectus in the 
event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies does not apply when the Base 
Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Investment in the Securities to be issued under the Programme described in the Base Prospectus involves certain 
risks. Prospective investors should carefully acquaint themselves with such risks before deciding to invest in the 
Securities (see Section 2 “RISK FACTORS” herein). Investment in the Securities must be based on the Base 
Prospectus as a whole. Hence, we ask you to study the Base Prospectus with care. 
Except where specified otherwise, capitalised words and expressions in the Base Prospectus have the meaning 
given to them in Section 12.17 “DEFINITIONS” of the Terms and Conditions of the Securities. The Base Prospectus 
and any supplement thereto will be published on the website www.twino.eu and copies may be obtained at the 
following address: 30 Terbatas Street, Riga, LV-1011, Latvia during normal business hours on any business day.  
 
The date of the Base Prospectus is 30 August 2023.

--- Page 3 ---
2 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
Words and expressions defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Securities or elsewhere in the Base Prospectus have the same meanings in 
this section, unless otherwise stated.  
The Base Prospectus (together with any supplement thereto published from time to time (each a “Supplement" 
and, together, the “Supplements")) constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus 
Regulation, and for the purposes of giving all necessary information, with regard to the Issuer, the Securities and 
the other parties involved in the issuance and offering of the Securities, which is necessary to enable investors to 
make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of 
the Issuer, the rights attaching to the Securities and the reason for the issuance and its impact on the Issuer.  
Considering that the Base Prospectus contains information that is material in the context of the issue and offering 
of the Securities, responsibility for the information provided in the Base Prospectus is defined in Section 10.1 
“RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT” herein.  
The Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with any Supplement thereto and with any 
relevant information of the documents incorporated by reference (see Section 3 “DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE" 
herein), the information of which shall be incorporated in and form part of the Base Prospectus and, in relation 
to any Series (as defined herein) of Securities, should be read and construed together with the relevant Final 
Terms, the Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms being together, the “Base Prospectus". 
No person has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any representation not contained 
in or not consistent with the Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme 
or any information supplied by the Issuer or such other information as is in the public domain and, if given or 
made, such information or representation should not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or 
the Distributor.  
No representation or warranty is made or implied by the Distributor or any of their respective affiliates, and the 
Distributor or any of their respective affiliates makes any representation or warranty or accepts any responsibility, 
as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in the Base Prospectus. Neither the delivery of 
this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Security shall, in any 
circumstances, create any implication that the information contained in the Base Prospectus is true subsequent 
to the date thereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or 
supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial situation of the Issuer since the date 
thereof or, as the case may be, the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or 
supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct at any time 
subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the 
same.  
The distribution of the Base Prospectus, any Final Terms, any offering materials under the Programme and the 
offering, sale and delivery of the Securities in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law.  
Under no circumstances shall the Base Prospectus constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, 
nor shall there be any sale of the Securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be 
unlawful. No action has been taken by the Issuer or the Distributor which would permit a public offering of any 
Securities or distribution of the Base Prospectus in any such jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Accordingly, no Securities may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly and neither the Base Prospectus nor any 
Final Terms or other offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under 
circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations and the Distributor has 
represented that all offers and sales by them will be made on the same terms. Persons into whose possession the 
Base Prospectus or any Final Terms come are required by the Issuer and the Distributor to inform themselves 
about and to observe any such restrictions. 
Neither the Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the 
Issuer or the Distributor to subscribe for, or purchase, any Securities. For a description of certain restrictions on 
offers, sales and deliveries of the Securities and on the distribution of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and 
other offering material relating to the Securities, see Section 12.9“Subscription and Sale" herein.  
MiFID II Product Governance / Target Market. The Base Prospectus in respect of any Securities includes a legend 
entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" providing information about the Target Market assessment in respect of 
the Securities undertaken by the Distributor by taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of

--- Page 4 ---
3 
the Guidelines published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) on 5 February 2018 and the 
determined appropriate distribution channels of the Securities that are appropriate. For the avoidance of doubt, 
the Issuer is not a MiFID II regulated entity and does not qualify as a distributor or a manufacturer under the 
Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID II Product Governance Rules"). 
The Issuer is not and will not be regulated by the BoL as a result of issuing the Securities. Any investment in 
Securities does not have the status of a bank deposit and is not within the scope of the deposit protection scheme 
operated by the BoL. 
Independent review and advice. The investment activities of certain investors are subject to investment laws and 
regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each prospective investor of Securities must determine, 
based on its own independent review and such professional advice as it deems appropriate under the 
circumstances, that its acquisition of the Securities is fully consistent with its financial needs, objectives and 
condition, complies and is fully consistent with all investment policies, guidelines and restrictions applicable to it 
and is a fit, proper and suitable investment for it, notwithstanding the clear and substantial risks inherent in 
investing in or holding the Securities. 
A prospective investor may not rely on the Issuer or the Distributor or any of their respective affiliates in 
connection with its determination as to the legality of its acquisition of the Securities or as to the other matters 
referred to above.  
The Securities may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each prospective investor in the Securities must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each prospective 
investor should:  
a. 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Securities, the merits 
and risks of investing in the relevant Securities and the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in the Base Prospectus or any Supplement thereto and the relevant Final Terms;  
b. have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the relevant Securities and the impact the relevant Securities will 
have on its overall investment portfolio;  
c. 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Securities, 
including Securities with principal or interest payable in EUR currency, or where the currency for principal 
or interest payments is different from the prospective investor's own currency;  
d. understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Securities and be familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant indices and financial markets;  
e. be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks; 
and  
f. 
be aware, in terms of laws and regulations and regulatory regime applicable to such investor of the 
applicable restrictions on its ability to invest in the Securities.  
A prospective investor should not invest in Securities unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a financial 
adviser) to evaluate how the Securities will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value 
of such Securities and the impact this investment will have on the prospective investor's overall investment 
portfolio.  
A prospective investor must comply with the laws and regulations that apply to it in any place in which it invests 
in Securities or possess the Base Prospectus. The Issuer or the Distributor are not responsible for compliance with 
these legal requirements, including any consents or approvals that may be necessary to invest in Securities. 
Warning – Taxation. The tax legislation of the investor’s residence state and of the Issuer’s country of 
incorporation may have an impact on the income received from the Securities. Prospective investors of the 
Securities should be aware that they may be required to pay taxes or documentary charges or duties in 
accordance with the laws and practices of the jurisdiction where the Securities are transferred or other applicable 
jurisdictions. In some jurisdictions, no official statements of the tax authorities or court decisions may be available 
for innovative financial notes such as the Securities.  
Credit ratings. Neither the Base Prospectus, any relevant Final Terms, nor any other information supplied in 
connection with the offering of the Securities is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation, 
or should be considered as a recommendation or an offer, or invitation to purchase any Securities.

--- Page 5 ---
4 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Securities and/or to the Issuer. 
The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors 
discussed in this section, and other factors that may affect the value of the Securities. A credit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time.  
The credit ratings of the Issuer are an assessment of its ability to pay its obligations, including those arising from 
the Securities.

--- Page 6 ---
5 
DISTRIBUTION OF THE BASE PROSPECTUS AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
The distribution of the Base Prospectus and any Final Terms may in certain jurisdictions be restricted by law. The 
Base Prospectus and any Final Terms may not be used for the purpose of, or in connection with, an offer or 
solicitation by anyone in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorised or to any person to 
whom it is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation.  
The Issuer and the Distributor and any of their respective affiliates expect persons into whose possession the Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms comes to inform themselves of and observe all such restrictions. Neither the Issuer 
nor the Distributor nor or any of their respective affiliates accept any legal responsibility for any violation by any 
person, whether or not a prospective investor is aware of such restrictions.  
The Base Prospectus and any Final Terms may not be forwarded or distributed other than as provided herein and 
may not be reproduced in any manner whatsoever. This Base Prospectus and any Final Terms is not distributed 
to the United States, Australia, Canada, Japan, Hong Kong, Singapore or any other jurisdiction in which it would 
be unlawful. Accordingly, the Securities may not be offered, sold, resold, delivered, distributed or otherwise 
transferred, either directly or indirectly, in or into any or from the United States absent registration under the 
Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or an exemption therefrom, and incompliance with applicable state securities 
laws. 
The BoL, considered as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation, has approved this Base Prospectus. 
The Distributor has submitted to BoL notifications of intention to provide cross border services and/or activities 
in other EEA states in accordance with Article 34 (2) of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 
(2014/65/EU) (MiFID) which have been passed to the respective EEA member state’s authorities. The provision 
of the investment activities is being sought in Latvia and - based on passporting principle (without opening a 
branch and with no tied agents) - in Austria, Belgium, Czech Republic, Estonia, France, Germany, Italy, Lithuania, 
Netherlands, Portugal and Spain. 
Accordingly, any person making or intending to make an offer of Securities within the EEA which are the subject 
of an offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms (other than the offer of 
Securities in Latvia) may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or the Distributor 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. 
The Base Prospectus is to be offered to the public in Latvia, and, subject to BoL notification to respective EEA 
member state’s authorities by providing the certificate of approval attesting that the Base Prospectus has been 
drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, in Austria, Belgium, Czech Republic, Estonia, France, 
Germany, Italy, Lithuania, Netherlands, Portugal and Spain.

--- Page 7 ---
6 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
1. 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ............................................................................... 7 
2. 
RISK FACTORS ................................................................................................................................ 10 
3. 
DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE ............................................................................................................... 18 
4. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE UNDERLYING ASSET .................................................................................... 19 
5. 
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE ..................................................................................................... 24 
6. 
THE ISSUER .................................................................................................................................... 25 
7. 
THE LENDER ................................................................................................................................... 28 
8. 
THE LOAN ORIGINATOR ................................................................................................................. 31 
9. 
THE DISTRIBUTOR .......................................................................................................................... 40 
10. CERTAIN NOTICES TO INVESTORS ................................................................................................. 41 
11. TAXATION ...................................................................................................................................... 45 
12. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES .............................................................................. 47 
13. FORM OF THE FINAL TERMS .......................................................................................................... 61

--- Page 8 ---
7 
1. GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
This general description constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25.1(b) of the Delegated Regulation 
(EU) 2019/980 (as defined below) and must be read as an introduction to the Base Prospectus. It does not, and is not intended to, constitute a 
summary of this Base Prospectus within the meaning of Article 7 of the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below) or any implementing 
regulation thereof. The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified by, the remainder of this Base 
Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Series and the relevant Final Terms. 
Any decision to invest in the Securities should be based on a consideration of the Base Prospectus as a whole, including any amendment and/or 
supplement hereto and the documents incorporated by reference herein.  
Words and expressions defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Securities or elsewhere in the Base Prospectus have the same meanings in 
this section, unless otherwise stated.  
Issuer: 
SIA TWINO Investments Poland, incorporated and registered as a limited 
liability company (in Latvian – sabiedrība ar ierobežotu atbildību) in the 
Commercial Register of Enterprises of Latvia on 15 February 2022 with 
the unified registration number: 40203380395. It is organised and 
operating pursuant to the laws of Latvia and has been established for an 
indefinite period of time. The registered address and office of the Issuer 
is at: 30 Terbatas Street, Riga, LV-1011, Latvia and its telephone number 
is: +371 67 799 997.  
Issuer Legal entity identifier (LEI): 
984500BDTE51D13B6879 
Programme: 
EUR 30 000 000 Programme for the Issuance of Asset-Backed Securities 
described in this Base Prospectus. 
Programme limit: 
Up to EUR 30 000 000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at the date 
of issue of any Securities) aggregate nominal amount of Securities 
outstanding at any one time in accordance with the Programme.  
Offering:  
The Base Prospectus has been registered with and approved by the BoL 
in its capacity as the competent authority in Latvia for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation. The Base Prospectus is valid for a period of twelve 
(12) months after its approval by the BoL, during which time the Issuer 
may periodically issue Securities that are further available to investors on 
the Platform of the Distributor.  
Risk factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its 
obligations under the Securities issued under the Programme, that are 
specific to the Issuer and/or the Securities and which are material for 
taking an informed investment decision. These are set out under in 
Section 2 “RISK FACTORS” herein. 
Distributor: 
AS TWINO Investments, incorporated and registered as a joint stock 
company (in Latvian – akciju sabiedrība) in the Commercial Register of 
Enterprises of Latvia on 26 March 2020 with the unified registration 
number: 44103143823. It is organised and operating pursuant to the laws 
of Latvia and has been established for an indefinite period of time. The 
Legal 
Entity 
Identifier 
("LEI”) 
of 
the 
Distributor 
is 
984500856AF4DF5FAT57. The registered address and office of the 
Distributor is at: 30 Terbatas Street, Riga, LV-1011, Latvia and its 
telephone number is: +371 67 799 997. 
The Distributor is authorized as an investment firm by the BoL on 
31 August 2021 under the licence number: 06.06.08.720/536 to provide 
the investment services and ancillary services.  
Distribution:  
The Securities will be offered solely over the counter on the Website. The 
Distributor shall act as an intermediary between the investors and other 
parties involved in the process of issuing the Securities.

--- Page 9 ---
8 
Issuance in the Series: 
The Securities will be issued periodically in several Series having different 
issue dates. Each Series shall have a unique ISIN number, its own Final 
Terms and be linked to a specific Loan Receivable.  
Form of the Securities: 
The Securities will be issued in registered and book-entry form. The 
register of transactions will be kept by the Distributor. 
Currency: 
Subject to compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or 
central bank requirements, the Securities will be issued and all payments 
in relation to the Securities shall be made by the Issuer in EUR. 
Status of the Securities: 
The obligations of the Issuer in respect of the Securities rank pari passu 
without any preference among themselves, as well as with respect to all 
general, direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations 
of the Issuer and without any preference among themselves and at least 
pari passu with any present or future obligation. 
Issue price: 
The Securities will be issued at their Nominal Value (EUR 1.00) unless 
stated otherwise in the Final Terms. 
Size:  
Subject as set out herein, the maximum aggregate nominal amount of the 
Securities from time to time outstanding under the Programme issued by 
the Issuer will not exceed EUR 30 000 000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency calculated as described herein). 
Interest rate: 
The Interest rate of the Security shall be fixed and independent from the 
interest rates of the Loan Receivables and shall be defined within the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Maturity Date: 
The Maturity Date will match the maturity date of the respective Loan 
Receivable. 
Denomination: 
The Securities shall be issued and sold to the Securityholder at the Issue 
Price that is equal to the Nominal Value, which is EUR 1.00, unless stated 
otherwise in the relevant Final Terms. A single Security cannot be split 
among several Securityholders and can be owned by a single 
Securityholder only and, thus, the minimum amount to invest is EUR 1.00. 
There are no limitations as to the amount and numbers of the Securities 
that a single Securityholder can have. 
Type and class of the Securities: 
The Securities are asset-backed debt securities and are not divided into 
classes. 
Rights attached to the Securities: 
The Securities will bear interest starting from the day a Security is issued 
at a rate specified in the relevant Final Terms. The interest is payable on 
a monthly basis. 
The Securityholder has the right to sell the Security to other 
Securityholders on the Platform. 
Scheduled Redemption: 
The repayment of the Securities shall be made subject to the repayment 
of the relevant Loan Receivable to which the Securities are linked to by 
the Loan Originator to the Issuer. Whenever the Issuer receives a 
scheduled repayment of the principal of any Loan Receivable, the amount 
shall be distributed equally among all the Securities backed by the 
respective Loan Receivable.  
Early Mandatory Redemption: 
The Security part related to the Loan Receivable shall be repaid in full or 
in part (as might be the case), if: 
a. the Loan Receivable ceases to exist; 
b. an early full or partial repayment is made by the Loan Originator 
to the Issuer.

--- Page 10 ---
9 
Early Voluntary Redemption: 
The Issuer may redeem all or part of the outstanding Securities in full or 
in part before the Maturity Date at the Early Redemption Amount. The 
Issuer may not give a notice to the Securityholder. 
Redemption at the option of the 
Securityholder: 
Redemption at the option of the Securityholder is not applicable. 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Securities by the Issuer shall be made 
without withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or 
future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever 
nature, unless the withholding or deduction of the taxes is required by 
the laws of Latvia. In such case the Issuer shall withhold the tax from the 
payment to the Securityholder and pay the amount net of tax. 
Use of proceeds: 
The Issuer is a special purpose entity incorporated and registered with the 
sole goal to facilitate the process of the issuance of the Securities (see 
Section 10.8 “Use of Proceeds and Interests of Persons involved in the 
Issue and Offer” herein). 
Governing law: 
The Securities are created and issued in accordance with the laws of 
Latvia.

--- Page 11 ---
10 
2. RISK FACTORS 
The discussion below is of a general nature and is intended to describe various risk factors associated with an investment in the Securities. You 
should carefully consider the following discussion of risks, and any risk factors included in the documents incorporated by reference herein.  
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in Securities issued under the Programme, 
but the failure of the Issuer to pay interest (if any), principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Securities may occur or arise for 
other reasons which may not be considered significant risks by the Issuer based on information currently available to it or which it may not 
currently be able to anticipate.  
Words and expressions defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Securities or elsewhere in the Base Prospectus have the same meanings in 
this section, unless stated otherwise.  
To the best of the Issuer’s knowledge, in each category of Risk Factors, the risk factor identified by the Issuer as the most important appears 
first. For the rest of the risk factors, the order of appearance is not an indication of the importance or the likelihood of their occurrence. 
2.1. RISK FACTORS RELATED TO THE ISSUER 
The main risk factors that influence the Issuer are dependency on service providers and operational risks, 
including IT related and legal risks, in particular following risk factors should be considered in relation to the Issuer: 
Risk 
Risk rating 
Dependency on services provided by the third parties 
Medium 
Legal risks 
Medium 
Cross-risks applicable to the Issuer 
Medium 
2.1.1. Dependency on services provided by the third parties  
To optimize operations and relating business costs, the Issuer uses information technology services provided by 
the Distributor and third parties such as cloud computing providers, communication providers, IT development 
service providers and license providers. Continuing relationships with service providers which are used to ensure 
daily operations are critical to the Issuer’s business. To be able to issue the Security, for each of the Series the 
Issuer must receive an ISIN code provided by Nasdaq CSD SE. However, it should be noted that there remains the 
risk that in case of any unpredictable event Nasdaq CSD SE might not be able to assign ISIN codes to the Issuer or 
cause a delay of the ISIN assignment, the Issuer and the Distributor might face the risk of further Security issuance 
interruption.  
If any IT system at any stage of the business operations were to fail, any or all stages of the business process could 
be affected. There can be no assurance of possible disruptions (even short-term) to the functionality of the 
Issuer’s IT systems and infrastructure.  
Any inability to maintain existing business relationships with banks, IT service providers and other third-party 
providers or the failure by these third-party providers to maintain the quality of their services or otherwise provide 
their services to the Issuer may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, financial condition, results 
of operations, prospects or cash flows.  
Risk rating: Medium. 
2.1.2. Legal risks 
The Issuer’s operations are subject to regulation by a variety of financial services and other state authorities, 
including, but not limited to, laws and regulations relating to issuance of Securities and personal data processing. 
Failure to comply with existing laws and regulations applicable to the Issuer’s operations, or to obtain and comply 
with all authorizations and permits required for the Issuer's operations, or adverse findings of governmental 
inspections, may result in the imposition of material fines or penalties or more severe sanctions, including 
preventing the Issuer from continuing its business activities, or in criminal penalties being imposed on the Issuer’s 
officers. 
The Issuer is subject to a variety of laws and regulations that involve user privacy issues, data protection, 
disclosures, distribution, electronic contracts and other communications and consumer protection.

--- Page 12 ---
11 
Failure to implement the requirements of data protection regulations, in particular the requirement of the 
General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (the “GDPR”), could result in severe damage claims from 
affected individuals and massive fines from the authorities responsible for supervision of GDPR compliance.  
In addition, the application and interpretation of these laws and regulations are sometimes uncertain and may be 
interpreted and applied inconsistently from supervisory authorities and may also be inconsistent with the Issuer’s 
current or past policies and practices.  
Existing and proposed laws and regulations can be costly to comply with and can increase the Issuer’s operating 
costs, require significant management time and attention, and be a subject to inquiries or investigations, claims 
or other remedies, including demands which may require the Issuer to modify or cease existing business practices 
and/or pay fines and penalties as mentioned above or other damages. This may have a material adverse effect on 
the Issuer’s business, financial condition, results of operations, prospects or cash flows. 
Risk rating: Medium. 
2.1.3. Cross-risks applicable to the Issuer 
Considering the pass-through nature of the Issuer within the transaction flow, the Issuer and its abilities to pay 
amounts due to the Securityholders under the Securities are exposed to all the risks listed in Section 2.4. “RISK 
FACTORS RELATED TO THE LOAN ORIGINATOR” herein. 
Risk rating: Medium. 
2.2. RISK FACTORS RELATED TO THE DISTRIBUTOR 
The main risk factors that influence the Distributor are risks related to compliance and regulatory matters, third 
party service providers and others. 
Risk 
Risk rating 
Risk related to ensuring the compliance with existing regulatory enactments 
Medium 
Dependency on services provided by the third parties 
Low 
The risk of counterparty default 
Medium 
2.2.1. Risk related to ensuring the compliance with existing regulatory enactments  
The Distributor’s operations are subject to regulation by BoL and other state authorities, including, but not limited 
to laws and regulations relating to provision of investment services, as well as to anti-money laundering laws and 
sanction regulations. Failure to comply with existing laws and regulations applicable to the Distributor’s 
operations, or adverse findings of BoL inspections, may result in the imposition of material fines or penalties or 
more severe sanctions, including preventing the Distributor from continuing substantial parts of its business 
activities, suspension or revocation of the licenses, or in criminal penalties being imposed on the officers. 
Changes in laws or regulations made by the government or a regulatory body can increase the costs of operating 
Distributor’s business, reduce the attractiveness of an investment, change the competitive landscape, or it can 
even make a significant shifting in the framework of an industry, transformations in cost-structuring, as well as 
application of administrative sanctions from supervisory authorities (including, but not limited to, monetary fines) 
and impact on reputation of the Distributor. This may have a material adverse effect on the Distributor’s business, 
financial condition, results of operations, prospects, or cash flows. 
Risk rating: Medium. 
2.2.2. Dependency on services provided by the third parties  
In order to optimize costs of business operations, the Distributor uses information technology services provided 
by the third parties such as cloud computing providers, communication providers, IT development service 
providers and license providers. To be able to distribute the Security, for each of the Series, the Distributor must 
coordinate the security issuance process with Nasdaq CSD SE. However, it should be noted that the Distributor 
might face the risk of Security issuance interruption.

--- Page 13 ---
12 
If any IT system of the business operations were to fail, any or all stages of the security distribution process could 
be affected. There can be no assurance of possible disruptions (even short-term) to the functionality of IT systems 
used by the Distributor and IT infrastructure. 
Any inability to maintain existing business relationships with banks, IT service providers and other third-party 
providers or the failure by these third-party providers to maintain the quality of their services or otherwise provide 
their services to the Distributor may have a material adverse effect on the Distributor’s business and reputation.  
Risk rating: Low. 
2.2.3. The risk of counterparty default 
The Distributor is subject to the risk of loss due to non-payments by the Loan Originator. The default is contingent 
on the inability or unwillingness of the Loan Originator to make the commission payments, which depend on the 
nominal value outstanding of the Securities that are issued on the platform. This includes scenarios where the 
respective party makes payments late, only partially or not at all. 
Any material reduction in commissions could have an effect on the Distributor’s business, financial condition, 
results of operations, prospects or cash flows. 
Risk rating: Medium. 
2.3. RISK FACTORS RELATED TO THE LENDER 
The main risk factors that influence the Lender are related with information technology risk, and cross-risks 
related with the Issuer and the Loan Originator. Following risk factors should be considered in particular in relation 
to the Lender:  
Risk 
Risk rating 
Dependency on services provided by the third parties 
Medium 
Cross-risks applicable to the Lender 
Medium 
2.3.1. Dependency on services provided by the third parties 
To optimize operations and relating business costs , the Lender uses information technology services provided by 
the Distributor and third parties such as cloud computing providers, communication providers, IT development 
service providers and license providers. Continuing relationships with service providers which are used to ensure 
daily operations are critical to the Lender’s business. 
If any IT system at any stage of the business operations were to fail, any or all stages of the business process could 
be affected. There can be no assurance of possible disruptions (even short-term) to the functionality of the 
Lender’s IT systems and infrastructure.  
Any inability to maintain existing business relationships with banks, IT service providers and other third-party 
providers or the failure by these third-party providers to maintain the quality of their services or otherwise provide 
their services to the Lender may have a material adverse effect on the Lender’s business, financial condition, 
results of operations, prospects or cash flows.  
Risk rating: Medium. 
2.3.2. Cross-risks applicable to the Lender 
Considering the pass-through nature of the Lender, the Lender and its abilities to pay amounts due to the 
Securityholder under the Securities are exposed to all the risks listed in sections 2.4. “RISK FACTORS RELATED TO 
THE LOAN ORIGINATOR” herein. 
Risk rating: Medium.

--- Page 14 ---
13 
2.4. RISK FACTORS RELATED TO THE LOAN ORIGINATOR 
The main risk factors that influence the Loan Originator are related with macroeconomics risk, market risk, credit 
risk and operational risk, including legal and information technology risk. Following risk factors should be 
considered in relation to the Loan Originator’s business and industry. 
Risk 
Risk rating 
Risks related to macroeconomic developments 
Medium 
Difficulties in assessing the credit risk 
High 
The risk of counterparty default 
High 
Substantial change in the underwriting standards 
High 
Inability to recover outstanding debt 
Medium 
Foreign exchange risk 
Medium 
Dependency on information technology (IT) systems 
High 
Risk related to ensuring the compliance with existing regulatory enactments 
Medium 
Failure to comply with anti-money laundering and sanction risk management 
requirements 
Medium 
Industry related or strategic risks 
Medium 
2.4.1. Risks related to macroeconomic developments 
The results of the Loan Originator’s operations are dependent on the macroeconomic situation in the Philippines. 
In particular, the Loan Originator’s operations are affected by such factors as the rate of inflation, the 
unemployment rate and changes in consumer affluence levels. According to the World Bank “Philippines has been 
one of the most dynamic economies in the East Asia and Pacific region. With increasing urbanization, a growing 
middle class, and a large and young population, the Philippines’ economic dynamism is rooted in strong consumer 
demand”.1 
An unexpected downturn in the economy could have an impact on the Loan Originator’s customers and negatively 
affect its growth and results of operations through higher demand for the consumer loan products from 
customers with reduced solvency. Also, customers’ capability to fulfil their obligations towards the Loan 
Originator may deteriorate, which could lead to an increase in the overdue portfolio, creating adverse effect on 
the Loan Originator’s business and financial position.  
Any negative effect on the economy may decrease income of the Loan Originator’s customers and thus the ability 
to fulfil their obligations. Such effects may also result in insolvency of the Loan Originator’s business partners, 
which could affect the Loan Originator’s operations, as well as its financial standing. Lastly, in case of an economic 
downturn, the price of the Securities and the ability of the Loan Originator to acquire further financing may be 
adversely affected.  
Any negative effect on macroeconomic level in the Philippines may have a material adverse effect on the Loan 
Originator’s business, financial condition, results of operations, prospects or cash flows. 
Risk rating: Medium. 
2.4.2. Difficulties in assessing the credit risk 
Despite credit scoring and client creditworthiness evaluation models used by the Loan Originator, it may be unable 
to correctly evaluate the current financial condition of each prospective customer and determine his or her 
creditworthiness and probability of default/probability of fraud. The Loan Originator’s financing decisions are 
based partly on information provided by the loan applicants to the Loan Originator. 
 
1 https://www.worldbank.org/en/country/philippines/overview

--- Page 15 ---
14 
Prospective customers may fraudulently provide inaccurate information upon which, if not alerted to the fraud, 
the Loan Originator may base own credit scoring models and creditworthiness assessment. Any failure to correctly 
assess the credit risk of potential customers, due to failure in the evaluation of the customer or incorrect 
information fraudulently provided by the customer, may have a material adverse effect on the Loan Originator’s 
business, financial condition, results of operations, prospects or cash flows and may even invoke regulatory 
sanctions (including imposition of fines and penalties, suspension of operations, or revocation of the license). 
The quality of credit risk is influenced by, among other factors, customers’ financial strength and general 
macroeconomic conditions, as well as the Loan Originator’s ability to correctly assess customer historic default 
data. To assess the level of credit risk, the Loan Originator uses a variety of credit scoring criteria such as repeat 
client data and non performing loan data, which may expose possible biases or trigger errors in evaluating a 
potential loan. The Distributor has identified various risks in Loan Originator’s internal credit assessment model 
and has made significant steps for improving the credit scoring model for new loan issuance and its credit scoring 
processes. The Loan Originator maintains an allowance for estimated losses on loans in order to absorb expected 
credit losses. 
The allowances for doubtful debts are estimated and if circumstances or risks arise that it is not identified or 
anticipated when developing the credit scoring model, the level of non-performing assets and write-offs could be 
greater than expected. Actual loss may materially exceed the level of the Loan Originator’s allowance for 
impairment loss, which may have a material adverse effect on the Loan Originator’s business, financial condition, 
results of operations, prospects or cash flows. 
Risk rating: High. 
2.4.3. The risk of counterparty default 
The Loan Originator is subject to the risk of loss due to non-payments by the Underlying Borrowers of their 
obligations. The default is contingent on the inability or unwillingness of the Underlying Borrowers to make 
payments. This includes scenarios where the contracting party makes payments late, only partially or not at all. 
During the risk assessment stage, the Distributor has identified overall deterioration in the quality of the total loan 
portfolio of the Loan Originator. As to mitigate and improve the situation, the Loan Originator has agreed 
to provide additional guarantees from Loan Originator and its related entities towards the historic loan portfolio, 
which has high delinquencies.  Only the loan portfolio (Underlying Portfolio) that has been financed through funds 
acquired from the Lender will be used as a pledge to Loan Receivables that serves as the underlying assets of the 
Securities. 
The Loan Originator relies on internal debt collection manual steps, which do not adequately address the 
principles of managing the risks related to delinquent Underlying Borrowers. As a result the given processes are 
to be improved.  
In addition, factors beyond the control of the Loan Originator, such as the impact of macroeconomic trends, 
political events or adverse events affecting key jurisdiction, or natural disasters, may result in an increase in non-
performing assets. The allowances for doubtful debts made by the Loan Originator may not be adequate to cover 
an increase in the amount of non-performing assets or any future deterioration in the overall credit quality of the 
total loan portfolio. If the quality of the Loan Originator’s total loan portfolio deteriorates, it may be required to 
increase its allowances for doubtful debts, which may have a material adverse effect on the Loan Originator’s 
business, financial condition, results of operations, prospects or cash flows.  
Risk rating: High. 
2.4.4. Substantial change in the underwriting standards 
Further credit risks could arise if the Loan Originator’s management decides on a more aggressive risk tolerance 
without compensating for it in the form of additional revenue. For instance, the acceptance policy for loan 
agreements could be adjusted to a riskier approach with the setting of higher acceptance thresholds. This could 
lead to the situation that the total credit risk increases, but the planned income from the additional business does 
not compensate the additional risk related costs. Consequently, the Loan Originator’s operational results could 
be adversely affected by the level of non-performing assets and write-offs. 
Risk rating: High.

--- Page 16 ---
15 
2.4.5. Inability to recover outstanding debt 
Various economic trends and potential changes to existing laws and regulations may contribute to an increase in 
the number of Underlying Borrowers subject to personal insolvency procedures. The ability to successfully collect 
the consumer loans may decline with an increase in personal insolvency procedures or a change in insolvency 
laws, regulations, practices, or procedures, which may have a material adverse effect on the Loan Originator’s 
business, financial condition, results of operations, prospects or cash flows.  
Risk rating: Medium. 
2.4.6. Foreign exchange risk 
Loan Originator issues the Underlying Loans in PHP currency. The Lender issues the Loan and, thus, the Issuer 
receives corresponding repayments of the Loan Receivables in EUR currency. As a result, Loan Originator is 
exposed to foreign exchange rate fluctuations and any failure to manage foreign exchange risk may have a 
material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, results of operations, prospects or cash flows. 
Risk rating: Medium. 
2.4.7. Dependency on information technology (IT) systems 
The Loan Originator’s operations rely on sophisticated information technology systems which ensures automation 
of business processes starting from customer registration, application, identification and credit scoring till debt 
collection of loans. The loan issuing process is mainly performed automatically by IT systems supporting all process 
functionalities utilized by the Loan Originator. 
If any IT system were to fail, the loan management process could be affected, thus the customer and partner 
access to the Loan Originator’s website and products could be disrupted. Any major disruption in the IT systems 
used by the Loan Originator or IT infrastructure would prevent customers from applying for loans, which would 
impact the Loan Originator’s ability to perform business activities. There can be no assurance of possible 
disruptions to the functionality of IT systems used by the Loan Originator and IT infrastructure. 
Any inability to mitigate technological risks of the IT systems and infrastructure or to adapt operations and 
software may have a material adverse effect on the Loan Originator’s business, financial condition, results of 
operations, prospects or cash flows. 
Risk rating: High. 
2.4.8. Risk related to ensuring the compliance with existing regulatory enactments 
The Loan Originator’s as a lending company is subject to regulation by various special laws which are being strictly 
enforced by the Security and Exchange Commission (SEC) and other government bodies in the Philippines. Failure 
to comply with existing laws and regulations applicable to the Loan Originator’s operations, or to obtain and 
comply with all authorizations and permits required for its operations, or adverse findings of governmental 
inspections, may result in the imposition of material fines or penalties or more severe sanctions, including 
preventing the Loan Originator from continuing substantial parts of its business activities, suspension or 
revocation of the licenses, or even criminal penalties. 
Changes in laws or regulations made by the government or a regulatory body can increase the costs of operating 
Loan Originator’s business, change the competitive landscape, or even make a significant shifting in the 
framework of an industry, transformations in cost-structuring, as well as application of administrative sanctions 
from supervisory authorities (including, but not limited to, monetary fines) and impact on reputation and/or 
solvency of the Loan Originator. 
Risk rating: Medium. 
2.4.9. Failure to comply with anti-money laundering and sanction risk management requirements 
The Loan Originator is also a subject to anti-money laundering laws and sanction regulations, and related 
compliance obligations, therefore, the Loan Originator has put in place local anti-money laundering policies and 
procedures, which are applied in the Loan Originator’s business operations. However, the compliance with the 
anti-money laundering and sanction requirements of local laws may not prevent all possible breaches. If the Loan

--- Page 17 ---
16 
Originator is not in compliance with the relevant anti-money laundering laws and sanction regulations, the Loan 
Originator may be a subject to criminal and administrative penalties and other remedial measures. Any penalties, 
remedial measures or investigations into any potential violations of anti-money laundering laws and sanction 
regulations could harm the Loan Originator’s reputation and may have a material adverse effect on its business, 
financial condition, results of operations, prospects or cash flows. 
Risk rating: Medium. 
2.4.10. Industry related or strategic risks 
The Loan Originator operates in an fast paced industry that may not develop as expected and which makes it 
difficult to evaluate the Loan Originator’s future prospects thus it may increase the risk that the Loan Originator 
will not be successful. Assessing business and future prospects is challenging in light of the risks and difficulties 
the Loan Originator may encounter. These risks and difficulties include the Loan Originator’s ability to: 
a. 
increase the number and total volume of issued loans; 
b. improve the terms on which the Loan Originator provides loans to its customers as business becomes 
more efficient; 
c. 
improve the credit scoring internal model as to decrease the risk of counterparty default; 
d. successfully develop and deploy new products; 
e. favourably compete with other companies that are currently in, or may in the future enter, the business 
of consumer lending; 
f. 
successfully navigate economic conditions and fluctuations in credit markets; 
g. 
effectively manage the growth of the business. 
The Loan Originator may not be able to successfully address these risks and difficulties, which could have a 
material adverse effect on the Loan Originator’s business, financial condition, results of operations, prospects or 
cash flows. 
Risk rating: Medium. 
2.5. RISK FACTORS RELATED TO THE SECURITIES  
The main risk factors that influence the Securities are related with repayment risk, liquidity risk, price risk and 
others. Following risk factors should be considered in particular in relation to investments in Securities and the 
trading market: 
Risk 
Risk rating 
Securities repayment risk 
High 
Liquidity risk 
Medium 
Price risk 
Medium 
Tax risk 
Medium 
Risk related with lack of specific securitization regulation 
Medium 
2.5.1. Securities repayment risk  
No pledge or other types of guarantees will be available for the Securityholder with respect to the Securities. 
However, the Securities will be backed by the Loan Receivables which have a pledge over the Underlying Portfolio. 
In case of Issuer’s insolvency, the Securityholder has the right as other creditors of the relevant group to receive 
the payment of the outstanding principal amount of the Securities and the interest accrued on the Securities 
according to the relevant laws governing the insolvency process of the Issuer. There are no direct contracts or 
other transaction documents concluded with the Securityholder, which would clearly define the subordination of 
the claims of the Securityholder to other unsecured obligations of the Issuer.  
However, the Assignment Agreement concluded between the Lender and the Issuer shall define among other 
terms and conditions that all claims arising from these Securities are subordinated to other claims of the Issuer. 
Furthermore, according to the Assignment Agreement the Issuer shall confirm that it will not perform any action

--- Page 18 ---
17 
which would impact the status of the Securities, i.e., the subordination of the claims arising from the Securities 
over other outstanding claims.  
The most significant risk that can have direct impact on security repayment is in the scenario when Loan 
Originator’ is unable to make repayments to Lender on business loans thus triggering delay in repayments of Loan 
Receivables from Lender to the Issuer in light of Assignment Agreement. As a result, the principal and/or interest 
on the Security to Distributor and hence to the Securityholder is delayed. 
Risk rating: High. 
2.5.2. Liquidity risk  
The Securities are not admitted to any trading venue and thus, can be considered as illiquid instruments. The 
potential buyers and transferees are limited only to other investors on the Website. Neither the Issuer, nor any 
other person guarantees the minimum liquidity of the Securities prior the initially agreed term has expired. The 
Securityholder should consider that there may be difficulties in selling the Securities to other Securityholders on 
the Platform, which might lead to selling at a discount to liquidate the Securityholder’s position. Discount rate 
and premium shall be capped to maximum of 29.9 per cent (for discount) and 4.9 per cent (for premium) change 
from Nominal Value correspondingly.  
Risk rating: Medium. 
2.5.3. Price risk  
Securities shall be repaid for their Nominal Value, however the fair value of the Security might significantly differ 
from the initial Nominal Value as price of the Security after the Issue Date may fluctuate, depending on what 
other investors are willing to pay for it. Neither the Issuer, nor any other person undertakes to maintain a certain 
price level of Securities, therefore a Securityholder may bear loss if they decide to sell the Security. 
Risk rating: Medium. 
2.5.4. Tax risk 
Tax rates and the payment procedure of taxes that is in force at the moment of the purchase of the Securities 
and is applicable to both tax residents and non-residents of Latvia may change over time. The Issuer will not 
compensate the Securityholder for any increase in taxes to be paid by them, therefore, the Securityholder may 
receive smaller payments related to the Securities over time. 
In the event that new regulation is introduced, or existing regulation or its interpretation changes so that the 
Issuer and/or Distributor needs to withhold additional taxes before making payments to the Securityholder, and 
the Issuer and/or Distributor is required to withhold any transfer tax, stamp duty and/or financial transactions 
tax, this could impact the expected return on investment for the Securityholder. Similar consequences might arise 
also in the Securityholder’s tax residence country, if the same takes place there. 
Risk rating: Medium. 
2.5.5. Risk related with lack of specific securitization regulation  
There are no dedicated laws and regime in Latvia addressing specific special purpose entity issuer insolvency or 
limited recourse concepts. The Issuer believes the Terms and Conditions of the Securities are set up and drafted 
as having legal force and addressing such concerns as legally binding contractual obligations. There might be 
circumstances that influence such legal construction, including, but not limited to the court ruling, or new or 
modified legal enactments. Eventually, this could lead to delayed payments, or partial or full loss of the amount 
invested in the Securities. 
Securities do not have the status of a bank deposit in Latvia or elsewhere, and thus Securities are not within the 
scope of the deposit protection or guarantee scheme operated by Latvia or any other jurisdiction. 
Risk rating: Medium.

--- Page 19 ---
18 
3. DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE 
Words and expressions defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Securities or elsewhere in the Base Prospectus have the same meanings in 
this section, unless otherwise stated. 
Throughout the period of the validity of the Base Prospectus, the copies of the following documents will be 
available for viewing on the Website and may be obtained, free of charge, during normal business hours at: 30 
Terbatas Street, Riga, LV-1011, Latvia: 
a. the Base Prospectus; 
b. the Issuer’s Articles of Association; 
c. the Issuer’s audited standalone financial statements for year 2022; 
d. the Lender’s audited standalone financial statements for year 2022; 
e. the Loan Originator’s audited standalone financial statements for year 2020; 
f. the Loan Originator’s audited standalone financial statements for year 2021; 
g. the Loan Originator’s audited standalone financial statements for year 2022; 
h. the Client Agreement between the Distributor and the Securityholder. 
Any interested party may download the above documents from the Website free of charge or request the delivery 
of electronic copies of the documents from the Issuer.  
In addition to the aforesaid documents, throughout validity of the Base Prospectus, copies of the following 
documents may be inspected at: 30 Terbatas Street, Riga, LV-1011, Latvia: 
a. the Loan Agreement between the Loan Originator and the Lender; 
b. the Assignment Agreement between the Lender and the Issuer; 
c. the Distribution Agreement between the Distributor, the Lender and the Issuer. 
There are no reports, letters, and other documents, historical financial information, valuations and statements 
prepared by any expert at the Issuer's request any part of which is included or referred to in this Base Prospectus.  
Any other information on the Website does not form part of the Base Prospectus (with the exception of links to 
the electronic addresses where information incorporated by reference is available) and has not been scrutinised 
or approved by the BoL. 
The website of the Loan Originator does not form any part of the contents of the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 20 ---
19 
4. DESCRIPTION OF THE UNDERLYING ASSET 
The following overview contains basic information about the Securities and the Loan Receivables and should be read in conjunction with, and 
is qualified in its entirety by, the information set forth under “Terms and Conditions of the Securities” and information appearing elsewhere in 
this Base Prospectus. The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, the remainder 
of this document and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Series of Securities or the applicable Final Terms. The Final Terms 
relating to such Securities will be published on the Website (for investors in EEA). Words and expressions defined in “Terms and Conditions of 
the Securities” shall have the same meanings in this summary and throughout the entire Base Prospectus. 
4.1. THE SECURITIES AND TRANSACTION OVERVIEW 
The Issuer will issue the Securities to Securityholders for the sole purpose of funding the acquisition of the Loan 
Receivables, based on business loans issued by Lender to Loan Originator for the purpose of disbursing Underlying 
Loans to Underlying Borrowers. Each Series of Securities will be issued in registered and book-entry form. The 
transactions will be structured in several steps, where the Issuer will always purchase the Loan Receivables from 
the Lender prior to the issuance of the Securities. 
The sale of the Loan Receivables will take place based on the Assignment Agreement between the Lender (as the 
assignor) and the Issuer (as the assignee). As a result, the Issuer will always have the legal title to the Loan 
Receivables, when it issues the Securities. The Securities shall be issued at par and no discount or premium shall 
be applied unless otherwise stated in the relevant Final Terms. 
Figure 1 - Transaction structure: Legal arrangements between the parties 
 
The amount of the Loan Receivables sold to the Issuer within a Series shall always be equal to the gross proceeds 
from the particular issuance of the Securities. The Assignment Fee shall be paid by the Issuer to the Lender after 
the Securities are issued and the Issuer has obtained the proceeds from the Securityholders. The Lender shall 
further transfer these funds to the Loan Originator in line with the Loan Agreement. 
The Loan Originator shall repay the Loan to Lender in line with the Loan Agreement. Lender shall further transfer 
the Loan Receivables to the Issuer in line with the Assignment Agreement. The Issuer shall then repay the 
Securities to the Securityholders using the funds from the Loan Receivables. Accordingly, all payments that the 
Issuer is obliged to make to the Securityholders under each Series will be made only from and to the extent of 
such sums received (or recovered by or on behalf of the Issuer) (net of tax) from the assets (i.e., Loan Receivables) 
securing such Series.

--- Page 21 ---
20 
Figure 2 - Transaction structure: Flow of Payments 
 
4.1.1. Coverage of the Securities 
No collateral, pledge or other types of guarantees will be available for the Securityholders with respect to the 
Securities. However, the Securities will be backed by the Loan Receivables. This means that the Issuer has the 
rights to receive the repayments made by the Loan Originator with respect to the Loans, which in terms of amount 
fully covers all Securities. The Underlying Portfolio will be pledged by of the Loan Originator in favour of the Lender 
in line with the pledge agreement, unless it becomes illegal for the pledge to remain in force in line with the laws 
of Philippines in which case the Loan Receivables shall be unsecured. 
4.1.2. Transaction Documents: The Assignment Agreement 
The Assignment Agreement is concluded between the Lender (as the assignor) and the Issuer (as the assignee) 
with respect to the Loan Receivables. The purpose of this agreement is for the Issuer to have legal title to the 
Loan Receivables, which serve as the assets that are backing the Securities. The behaviour of the Securities is 
linked to the behaviour of the Loan Receivables (not the Underlying Loans) – the repayment (or delay) of the Loan 
Receivables triggers an equivalent repayment (or delay) of the Securities that are backed by those exact Loan 
Receivables. Key terms and conditions of the Assignment Agreement are as follows: 
Assignment Fee: 
The Issuer pays the Assignment Fee to the Lender for the Loan Receivables. 
Servicing of the Loan 
Receivables: 
Lender continues to service the Loan and receive repayments with respect to the Loan 
Receivables from the Loan Originator. 
Repayment of the 
Loan Receivables: 
Lender is obliged to transfer any repayments with respect to the Loan Receivables to 
the Issuer upon receiving such repayments from the Loan Originator. 
No guarantee by the 
Lender: 
Lender does not provide any kind of guarantee to the Issuer with respect to the 
repayment of the Loan Receivables. 
Skin-in-the-game: 
The Loan Receivables shall be assigned in full amount (with respect to the Loan issued) 
and the Lender shall not retain the title to any receivables arising from the Loan. 
Instead the skin-in-the-game requirement shall be fulfilled by economic substance by 
limiting the total outstanding Loan amount to a maximum of 95% of the total 
outstanding Underlying Portfolio.

--- Page 22 ---
21 
4.1.3. Transaction Documents: The Loan Agreement 
The Loan Agreement is concluded between the Lender (as the lender) and the Loan Originator (as the borrower) 
with respect to the Loan. The purpose of this agreement is for the Loan Originator to obtain funding to finance 
the disbursement of the Underlying Loans. The repayment of the Loan is not linked to or conditional upon the 
repayment of the Underlying Loans, but instead shall take place in line with the schedule, which is defined in the 
Loan Agreement itself, which consists of two elements: 
a. 
A master agreement that sets out the overall framework of the Loan including, but not limited to the 
procedure of and conditions for distributing the Loan; and 
b. Sub-agreements (i.e., appendixes) to the master agreement that define the exact terms and conditions 
of each individual Loan, which shall be distributed to the Loan Originator over time. 
The key terms and conditions of the Loan Agreement are as follows: 
Lender’s obligations 
The Lender commits to granting the Loan to the Loan Originator, if among other 
conditions (i) the latter has sufficient coverage to cover the Loan and (ii) Lender has 
received the Assignment Fee for the Loan Receivables from the Issuer. 
Loan disbursement 
procedure 
The Loan is distributed in the following manner: (i) the Loan Originator reserves an 
individual Loan amount with specific maturity date and other characteristics, which 
creates a new Loan Receivable, (ii) Lender assigns this Loan Receivable to the Issuer 
and (iii) Lender disburses this individual Loan (which is a part of the overall Loan) to the 
Loan Originator. 
The 
Loan 
Originator’s 
obligations 
The Loan Originator among other things commits to: (i) borrow the reserved amount 
on the agreed terms and conditions and (ii) repay the Loan in line with the schedule. 
Loan amount: 
The cumulative amount of all individual Loans shall be limited to a maximum of EUR 
30 000 000. The minimum amount of a single individual Loan is set to EUR 5 000. The 
maximum amount for an individual Loan is EUR 300 000. The amount of the individual 
Loans shall not mirror the amount of individual Underlying Loans, but instead they shall 
be independent from each other. 
Loan Term: 
The Loan Agreement is valid for four years after the confirmation of this Base 
Prospectus, which is the last day when the Loan has to be repaid in full and no part of 
the Loan can be outstanding. Individual Loans shall be granted for a term of 3 to 36 
months, where the initial maturity of any such Loan shall not exceed the end date of 
the Loan Agreement. 
Loan schedule: 
The repayment of the principal amount of each individual Loan shall be structured as 
a bullet payment, while the repayment of interest shall take place periodically both of 
which among other things shall be defined in the Final Terms. 
Interest on Loan: 
The Loan carries a fixed interest rate which is defined in the Final Terms. 
Triggers 
for 
the 
repayment of the 
Loan: 
The repayment of the Loan is not linked to or triggered by the repayment of the 
Underlying Loans, but instead takes place in line with the schedule. 
Extensions of the 
Loan: 
The Loan Originator has the right to extend the initial maturity of any of the individual 
Loans for no more than four times for a three-month period (in total twelve-month 
period). 
4.1.4. Withholding tax 
All payments in respect of the Securities by the Issuer shall be made without withholding or deduction for, or on 
account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature, unless 
the withholding or deduction of the Taxes is required by the laws of Latvia. In such case the Issuer shall withhold 
the tax from the payment to the Securityholder and pay the amount net of tax. (For more information, please see 
Section 11. “TAXATION”)

--- Page 23 ---
22 
4.2. ROLE OF THE PARTIES INVOLVED IN THE TRANSACTIONS 
4.2.1. The Loan Originator 
The Loan Originator grants the Underlying Loans to the Underlying Borrowers and services them throughout their 
entire lifetime, which is the principal business activity of the Loan Originator. It participates in the process of 
issuing the Securities by way of obtaining the Loan from the Lender in line with the Loan Agreement. The 
Underlying Portfolio serves as a pledge for the Loan and by economic substance serves as skin in the game, 
because the amount of the Loan shall not exceed 95% of the Underlying Portfolio. Under the Loan Agreement the 
Loan Originator confirms that the Underlying Portfolio is: 
a. 
not alienated to any third party; 
b. not encumbered with any encumbrances; 
c. 
not subject to any disputes, except as occur in the ordinary course of business; 
d. not subject to any limitations on making a recovery with regard to it; and 
e. not subject to any other interest, right or claim over by third parties, in or in relation to it. 
Furthermore, the Loan Originator will not undergo any restructuring, acquire or establish any subsidiaries without 
prior written confirmation from the Distributor as long as the Loan from the Lender is not fully repaid. 
4.2.2. The Lender 
The Lender grants the Loan to the Loan Originator and sells (assigns) the Loan Receivables to the Issuer in line 
with the Assignment Agreement, which is the principal business activity of the Lender and the way in which it 
participates in the process of issuing the Securities. Under the Assignment Agreement the Lender confirms that 
the claims arising from the Loan Receivables are: 
a. 
not alienated to any third party; 
b. not encumbered with any encumbrances; 
c. 
not subject to any disputes; 
d. not subject to any restrictions that forbid to assign them to the Issuer; 
e. not subject to any limitations on making a recovery with regard to them; and 
f. 
not subject to any other interest, right or claim over by third parties, in or in relation to them. 
Furthermore, the Lender will not undergo any restructuring, acquire or establish any subsidiaries without prior 
written confirmation from the Issuer as long as the Loan Receivables are not fully repaid to the Issuer. 
4.2.3. The Issuer 
The Issuer issues the Securities to the Securityholders and uses the proceeds obtained to finance the acquisition 
of the Loan Receivables, which is the principal business activity of the Issuer. It shall repay the Securities to the 
Securityholders in line with the terms and conditions described in the Base Prospectus and the Final Terms. 
Among other conditions, the Securities shall be repaid upon successful recovery of the Loan Receivables, which 
are backing those particular Securities. 
The Securityholders will have no further recourse to the Issuer or any of the Issuer’s other assets in respect 
thereof. If the amount due and payable by the Issuer under such Securities exceeds the sums so received or 
recovered from the Loan Receivables, the right of any person to claim payment from the Issuer of any amounts 
exceeding such sums shall be extinguished, and Securityholders may take no further action to recover such 
amounts. 
So long as any Security remains outstanding, the Issuer will not enter other transactions or engage in any other 
business (except transactions contemplated by this Base Prospectus or similar offerings), declare any dividends 
or have any subsidiaries. 
4.2.4. The Distributor  
The Distributor operates as an investment brokerage company and organizes the process of issuing the Securities, 
which is the principal business activity of the Distributor. The Securities shall be unlisted and offered solely over 
the counter on the Website. It shall act as an intermediary between the investors and other parties involved in 
the process of issuing the Securities. In this respect, the Distributor shall act as a payment agent on behalf of the

--- Page 24 ---
23 
Lender and the Issuer to manage the cash flow and payments between the Issuer, the Lender and the Loan 
Originator. 
All such payments, where the Distributor acts as a payment agent shall be executed by the Distributor 
immediately, but no later than within 3 business days after the day of receiving the incoming funds (unless agreed 
otherwise by the parties) to make the corresponding outgoing payment, where the following order takes place: 
a. 
funds from the investors are collected prior the purchase of the Securities; 
b. Issue Price is transferred to the Issuer after the Securities are issued; 
c. 
Assignment Fee is transferred to the Lender after the Issue Price is received by the Issuer; 
d. Loan is disbursed to the Loan Originator after the Assignment Fee is received by the Lender; 
e. Loan Receivables are transferred to the Issuer after the Loan is repaid by the Loan Originator; and 
f. 
the Securities are repaid to the Securityholders after the Loan Receivables are received by the Issuer. 
The Distributor shall also verify and ensure that the transactions between the parties involved in the process are 
compliant with applicable laws and regulations (Laws of Latvia and regulations of the European Union on the 
prevention of money laundering and terrorism and proliferation financing) and maintain the Register for the 
transactions.

--- Page 25 ---
24 
5. ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE 
The Issuer, the Lender and the Loan Originator all have the same ultimate beneficial owner – Mr Armands Broks 
(the “UBO”), however they belong to and operate under the management of different business divisions that are 
controlled by the UBO. These are: 
i) 
Investment business: 
The investment business operates under the brand name “TWINO” and is set up under two different legal 
entities (in the Base Prospectus jointly referred to as the “TWINO Group”): AS TWINO Investments, with the 
unified registration number: 44103143823 (the Distributor) and SIA TWINO Holding, with the unified 
registration number: 40203295313 (“SIA TWINO Holding”). Both the Issuer and the Lender are direct 
subsidiaries of SIA TWINO Holding and part of the TWINO Group, consisting of companies that operate in the 
investment business, including, but not limited to the Distributor. 
ii) 
Lending business: 
The lending business operates under the brand name “FINNO” and is set up under three different legal entities 
(in this Base Prospectus jointly referred to as the “FINNO Group”), amongst them is SIA FINNO Europe, with 
the unified registration number: 40203387406 (“SIA FINNO Europe”). SIA FINNO Europe is a part of the FINNO 
Group, which consists of companies that operate in the lending business. SIA FINNO Europe holds 50% 
shareholding in the Loan Originator. Historically the lending business operated under the TWINO brand, but 
along with the emergence of the investment business was separated from the latter both in terms of the legal 
structure, as well as the brand name.  
The remaining 50% shareholding in the Loan Originator is held by company SIA “Vialet Finance”, with the unified 
registration number: 50203193811, with the ultimate beneficial owner Mr Georgijs Krasovickis.  
 
Figure 3 – Legal structure of the Issuer, the Lender and the Loan Originator

--- Page 26 ---
25 
6. THE ISSUER 
6.1. INCORPORATION AND OWNERSHIP 
SIA TWINO Investments Poland (the “Issuer”) was incorporated and registered as a limited liability company (in 
Latvian – sabiedrība ar ierobežotu atbildību) in the Commercial Register of Enterprises of Latvia on 15 February 
2022 with the unified registration number: 40203380395. It is organised and operating pursuant to the laws of 
Latvia and has been established for an indefinite period of time. The Legal Entity Identifier (“LEI”) of the Issuer is 
984500BDTE51D13B6879. The registered address and office of the Issuer is at: 30 Terbatas Street, Riga, LV-1011, 
Latvia and its telephone number is: +371 67 799 997.  
The Issuer’s authorised, issued and paid-up share capital is EUR 2 800.00 divided into 2 800 ordinary shares with 
a nominal value of EUR 1.00 per share. Each share is entitled to one (1) vote. 100% of the shares of the Issuer are 
held by its sole shareholder SIA TWINO Holding, incorporated and registered as a limited liability company in 
Latvia with the unified registration number: 40203295313. The sole shareholder of SIA TWINO Holding is Mr 
Armands Broks, who is the sole ultimate beneficial owner of the Issuer. 
6.2. GOVERNANCE 
The Issuer is managed by the Management Board and the shareholders’ meeting. The Management Board is the 
executive body of the Issuer, which manages and represents the Issuer. The Management Board is responsible 
for the commercial activities and accounting of the Issuer as well as administration of the Issuer property in 
compliance with the law. Members of the Management Board are elected by the Issuer’s sole shareholder. In 
accordance with the Articles of Association, the Management Board of the Issuer consists of: 
 
Title: 
Member of the Management Board with the right to represent individually 
Full name: 
Mr Helvijs Henšelis 
Education 
and 
experience:  
Mr Helvijs Henšelis has a strong background in business. He has held positions such as 
a Tax manager in SIA “Pricewaterhouse Coopers”, SIA “Deloitte Latvia” and in both 
TWINO and FINNO Groups.  
Mr Helvijs Henšelis holds a bachelor’s degree in finance and economics from 
Stockholm School of Economics in Riga. 
Other positions:  
a. 
Member of the Management board of the Issuer, the Lender and the Distributor; 
b. CEO and member of the Management Board of SIA “Corta Solutions”; 
c. 
co-founder and member of the Management Board of SIA “Medon”; 
d. Chairman of the Management Board of AS TWINO Properties. 
 
The shareholders’ meeting is the highest decision-making body of the Issuer. Some of the main matters that are 
in the competence of the shareholders’ meeting are: (a) amendments to the Articles of Association; (b) increase 
or decrease of the share capital; (c) dividend approval; (d) election/dismissal of members of the Management 
Board; (e) approval of annual financial accounts and distribution of profit. 
6.3. BUSINESS 
The Issuer has been established as a special purpose entity for the purpose of issuing asset-backed securities 
(“Securities”). The Issuer does not undertake any business other than the issue and redemption of the Securities 
and other related transactions. The Issuer has no direct or indirect subsidiaries, and it does not own any shares 
of equity. 
6.4. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
The financial reporting process of the Issuer is overseen at TWINO Group level, to ensure the transparency and 
integrity of financial information and the effectiveness of the TWINO Group’s internal control and risk

--- Page 27 ---
26 
management system, including recommending the appointment and assessing the performance of the external 
auditor, and the effectiveness of the process for monitoring compliance with laws and regulations affecting 
financial reporting and code of business conduct.  
The Issuer has started its operating activities since February 2022. The selected standalone financial statements 
set forth below should be read in conjunction with the respective documents incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus. The tables below present key selected audited standalone financial information for the Issuer 
for the financial year that ended on 31 December 2022. The financial statements of the Issuer are prepared in 
accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS). 
Figure 4 - Statement of profit and loss and other comprehensive income of the Issuer 
Statement of profit and loss (EUR) 
15.02.2022-31.12.2022 
Operating expenses 
0 
Other operational income 
0 
Operating profit / (loss) 
0 
Financial income 
0 
Financial cost 
0 
Loss before taxation 
0 
Tax / Deferred tax 
0 
Loss for the reporting period 
0 
 
Figure 5 - Balance sheet of the Issuer 
Balance sheet (EUR) 
ASSETS 
31.12.2022 
Current assets 
Cash and cash equivalents 
2,553  
Accrued revenue 
4,776  
Other accounts receivable 
9,960  
Total current assets 
17,289  
Intangible assets 
Other intangible assets 
231  
Total Assets 
17,520  
LIABILITIES 
31.12.2022 
Current liabilities 
Accrued accounts payable 
4,574  
Taxes and statutory social insurance 
contributions payable 
9,874  
Due to related parties 
272  
Total Liabilities 
14,720  
EQUITY  
Share capital 
2,800  
Profit or Loss for the reporting period 
-   
Total Equity  
 2,800  
Total Liabilities, Equity and Reserves 
17,520  
The Issuer’s audited financial statements for year 2022 are available on the Website. The financial statements of 
the Issuer have been prepared in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS). The 
Issuer does not publish interim financial statements, nor does it have any subsidiaries, so its accounts are non-
consolidated. 
The Issuer’s auditor is SIA "BDO ASSURANCE", a company registered in Latvia, registration number 42403042353, 
having registered address at Kaļķu Street 15 – 3B, Riga, LV-1050, Latvia.

--- Page 28 ---
27 
There has been no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of the Issuer since the date of 
its last published audited financial statements.  
6.5. LEGAL AND ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS 
Since the date of the Issuer’s incorporation, the Issuer has not been involved in any litigation or arbitration 
proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) which 
may have or have had a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer.

--- Page 29 ---
28 
7. THE LENDER 
7.1. INCORPORATION AND OWNERSHIP 
SIA TWINO Finance (the “Lender”) was incorporated and registered as a limited liability company (in Latvian – 
sabiedrība ar ierobežotu atbildību) in the Commercial Register of Enterprises of Latvia on 15 February 2022 with 
the unified registration number: 40203380408. It is organised and operating pursuant to the laws of Latvia and 
has been established for an indefinite period of time. The registered address and office of the Lender is at: 
30 Terbatas Street, Riga, LV-1011, Latvia and its telephone number is: +371 67 799 997. 
The Lender’s authorised, issued and paid-up share capital is EUR 2 800.00 divided into 2 800 ordinary shares with 
a nominal value of EUR 1.00 per share. Each share is entitled to one (1) vote. 100% of the shares of the Lender 
are held by its sole shareholder SIA TWINO Holding, incorporated and registered as a limited liability company in 
Latvia with the unified registration number: 40203295313. The sole shareholder of SIA TWINO Holding is Mr 
Armands Broks, who is the sole ultimate beneficial owner of the Lender. 
7.2. GOVERNANCE 
The Lender is managed by the Management Board and the shareholders’ meeting. The Management Board is the 
executive body of the Lender, which manages and represents the Lender. The Management Board is responsible 
for the commercial activities and accounting of the Lender as well as administration of the Lender property in 
compliance with the law. Members of the Management Board are elected by the Lender’s sole shareholder. In 
accordance with the Articles of Association, the Management Board of the Issuer consists of: 
 
Title: 
Member of the Management Board with the right to represent individually 
Full name: 
Mr Helvijs Henšelis 
Education and 
experience:  
Mr Helvijs Henšelis has a strong background in business. He has held positions such as a Tax 
manager in SIA “Pricewaterhouse Coopers”, SIA “Deloitte Latvia” and in both TWINO and 
FINNO Groups.  
Mr Helvijs Henšelis holds a bachelor’s degree in finance and economics from Stockholm 
School of Economics in Riga. 
Other 
positions:  
a. 
Member of the Management board of the Issuer, the Lender and the Distributor; 
b. CEO and member of the Management Board of SIA “Corta Solutions”; 
c. 
co-founder and member of the Management Board of SIA “Medon”; 
d. Chairman of the Management Board of AS TWINO Properties. 
 
The shareholders’ meeting is the highest decision-making body of the Lender. Some of the main matters that are 
in the competence of the shareholders’ meeting are: (a) amendments to the Articles of Association; (b) increase 
or decrease of the share capital; (c) dividend approval; (d) election/dismissal of members of the Management 
Board; (e) approval of annual financial accounts and distribution of profit. 
7.3. BUSINESS 
The Lender has been established as a special purpose entity for the purpose of (a) granting and issuing business 
loans to the Loan Originator as well as several other lending companies with which the Distributor cooperates 
with; (b) servicing these business loans throughout their entire lifetime; and (c) assigning these business loans to 
the issuers for issuance of financial instruments on the Platform. The Lender does not undertake any business 
other than the granting and issuing, servicing and assigning business loans and other related transactions. The 
Lender has no direct or indirect subsidiaries, and it does not own any shares of equity.  
7.4. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
The financial reporting process of the Lender is overseen at TWINO Group level, to ensure the transparency and 
integrity of financial information and the effectiveness of the TWINO Group’s internal control and risk

--- Page 30 ---
29 
management system, including recommending the appointment and assessing the performance of the external 
auditor, and the effectiveness of the process for monitoring compliance with laws and regulations affecting 
financial reporting and code of business conduct.  
The Issuer has started its operating activities since February 2022. The selected standalone financial statements 
set forth below should be read in conjunction with the respective documents incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus. The tables below present key selected audited standalone financial information for the Issuer 
for the financial year that ended on 31 December 2022. The financial statements of the Issuer are prepared in 
accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS). 
Figure 6 - Statement of profit and loss and other comprehensive income of the Lender 
Statement of profit and loss (EUR) 
15.02.2022-31.12.2022 
Operating expenses 
0 
Other operational income 
0 
Operating profit / (loss) 
0 
Financial income 
0 
Financial cost 
0 
Loss before taxation 
0 
Tax / Deferred tax 
0 
Loss for the reporting period 
0 
 
Figure 7 - Balance sheet of the Lender  
Balance Sheet (EUR) 
31.12.2022 
ASSETS 
Current assets 
Cash and cash equivalents 
511  
Accrued revenue 
474  
Other accounts receivable 
4,678  
Total current assets 
5,663  
Total Assets 
5,663  
LIABILITIES 
31.12.2022 
Current liabilities 
Accrued accounts payable 
2,783  
Due to related parties 
80  
Total Liabilities 
2,863  
EQUITY  
Share capital 
2,800  
Profit or Loss for the reporting period 
-   
Total Equity  
 2,800  
Total Liabilities, Equity and Reserves 
5,663  
The Lender’s audited financial statements for year 2022 are available on the Website. The table above presents 
key selected standalone financial information for the Lender for the financial years ending on 31 December 2022. 
The financial statements of the Lender have been prepared in accordance with the International Financial 
Reporting Standards (IFRS). The Lender does not publish interim financial statements, nor does it have any 
subsidiaries, so its accounts are non-consolidated. 
The Lender’s auditor is SIA "BDO ASSURANCE", a company registered in Latvia, registration number 42403042353, 
having registered address at Kaļķu Street 15 – 3B, Riga, LV-1050, Latvia.

--- Page 31 ---
30 
7.5. LEGAL AND ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS 
Since the date of the Lender’s incorporation, the Lender has not been involved in any litigation or arbitration 
proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Lender is aware of) 
which may have or have had a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Lender.

--- Page 32 ---
31 
8. THE LOAN ORIGINATOR 
8.1. INCORPORATION AND OWNERSHIP 
The legal and commercial name of the Loan Originator is VAMO LENDING INC.  
The registered office of the Loan Originator is Unit 1606-1607 11th Drive Cor. 9th Avenue, Bonifacio Global City, 
Taguig City, the Philippines. Telephone number: +63 917-706-9834 and +63 947-896-4568, E-mail: 
info@vamo.ph. The website of the Loan Originator is https://vamo.ph/ The information on the website of the 
Loan Originator does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless that information is incorporated by reference 
into this Base Prospectus.  
The Loan Originator was incorporated on March 9, 2020, and operates under the laws of the Republic of the 
Philippines as a private corporation engaged in on-line consumer lending business. 
The Loan Originator is registered with the Philippines’ Securities and Exchange Commission with Company 
Registration Number CS20200000915 and carrying special licence for lending activities under Certificate of 
Authority Number 3261. 
The Loan Originator’s registered capital is PHP 11 000 000, which is fully paid up. The Loan Originator’s 
shareholders are (1) SIA FINNO Europe, incorporated in and operating under the laws of Latvia, registration 
number 40203387406, registered address: 30 Terbatas Street, Riga, LV-1011, Latvia, which holds 50% of share 
capital in Loan Originator; and (2) SIA "Vialet Finance", incorporated in and operating under the laws of Latvia, 
registration number 50203193811, registered address: 14-10 Audēju Street, LV-1011, Latvia, which holds 50% of 
share capital in Loan Originator. 
8.2. GOVERNANCE 
The Loan Originator is managed by the management board and the shareholders’ meeting. The management 
board is the executive body of the Loan Originator, which manages and represents the Loan Originator. The 
management board is responsible for the commercial activities and accounting of the Loan Originator as well as 
administration of the Loan Originator property in compliance with the law. Members of the management board 
are elected by the Loan Originator’s shareholders.  
The Management Board consists of 5 (five) members, including the President of the Management Board. 
Members of the Management Board are appointed and dismissed by resolutions of the Shareholders Meeting. 
Title: 
Chairman of the Board 
Full name: 
Deniss Šerstjukovs 
Education 
and 
experience:  
Deniss Šerstjukovs was appointed as a Board Member of the Loan Originator in December 
2020 and as a Board Member of the AS "VIA SMS group" (Latvia) in June 2012 and is taking 
several management and supervisory positions in  its affiliates –SIA “Financial 
investment” (Latvia), “VIA SMS s.r.o.” (Czech Republic), “ViaConto Sweden” AB (Sweden), 
ViaConto Sweden AB Latvijas filiāle (Latvia), UAB "FinnQ" (Lithuania) and also in the Loan 
Originator and SIA “Vialet Finance” (Latvia). Mr. Šerstjukovs graduated from the 
University of Economics and Culture and took several positions related to banking and 
finance. Mr. Šerstjukovs has also experience in venture capital company’s management 
and supervision and more than nine years of experience in consumer lending business 
development and supervision.  
 
Title: 
Board Member and President of the Board 
Full name: 
Pamela Jean Cabrera 
Education 
and 
experience:  
Pamela Jean Cabrera was appointed as a Board Member and President of the Board of 
the Loan Originator in August 2021. Ms. Cabrera Graduated from Laguna State 
Polytechnic University and has more than a decade experience in corporate governance,

--- Page 33 ---
32 
7 years of which was experience in building start-ups in the fintech and microloans 
industry in the Philippines market. 
 
Title: 
Board Member and a Corporate Treasurer of the Board 
Full name: 
Marc Lorette Vea 
Education 
and 
experience:  
Marc Lorette Vea was appointed as a Board Member and as a Corporate Treasurer of the 
Board of the Loan Originator on 12 January 2022. Marc Lorette Vea is a double degree 
holder, a certified Lean Six Sigma Yellow Belt Holder, a certified human resource 
professional by the International Federation for Professional Managers. He is also 
pursuing his Master’s degree in Business Administration majoring in Human Resource 
Management. Mr. Vea is an expert in administrative and operational responsibilities. He 
spent his professional career in consulting and in the Fintech industry. He has experience 
setting up branches and assisted in employee training and developing. Mr. Vea is 
currently assisting the organization with running the company's actual day-to-day 
activities. 
 
Title: 
Board Member 
Full name: 
Andrea Sylvia 
Education 
and 
experience:  
Andrea Sylvia Lim was appointed as Member of the Board of the Loan Originator 31 
January 2022. Andrea Sylvia Lim is regarded as a specialist in doing underwriting/KYC. She 
has over 5 years of experience handling the verification department, and over 1-year of 
experience handling the Customer Support Division. Moreover, she has assisted 
numerous businesses, both in the banking and financing sectors, in establishing and 
streamlining the processes and procedures connected to carrying out customer due 
diligence, enhanced due diligence, customer identification process, and customer 
verification process. Currently, Ms. Lim is the team lead handling both the verification and 
the customer support division of the organization. 
 
Title: 
Board Member 
Full name: 
Georgijs Krasovickis 
Education 
and 
experience:  
Georgijs Krasovickis was appointed as a Board Member of the Loan Originator in 
December 2020 and as a board member of the Group in August 2016 and is taking 
management and supervisory positions in the "VIA SMS group" (Latvia) subsidiary UAB 
“Via Payments” (Lithuania). Mr. Krasovickis graduated from the European Business School 
in London, UK and has Master’s degree in Credit and Finance from University of Latvia. 
Mr. Krasovickis has a strong background in various finance business projects and 
extensive leadership. Before joining the Group Mr. Krasovickis was a Board member at 
Transport and Telecommunication Institute, Riga and took several management and 
supervisory positions in venture companies. 
 
The Management Board manages the Loan Originator's affairs and represents it externally. The President of the 
Management Board acting alone or two members of the Management Board acting jointly shall be entitled to 
make declarations of will and incur liabilities on behalf of the Loan Originator. The internal division of the duties 
of each member of the Management Board and the principles of their responsibility are regulated in a separate 
resolution of the Management Board. All matters related to the Loan Originator’s business, not expressly reserved 
for the General Meeting of Shareholders under the applicable provisions of the law or the articles of association, 
shall remain within the responsibilities of the Management Board of the Loan Originator. Each member of the 
Management Board shall have the right and duty to manage the Loan Originator’s affairs. In agreements between 
the Loan Originator and a member of the Management Board and in disputes between the Management Board 
member and the Loan Originator, the Loan Originator shall be represented by an attorney-in-fact appointed by a 
resolution of the Shareholders Meeting.

--- Page 34 ---
33 
8.3. BUSINESS 
The Loan Originator offers on-line credit-line type of consumer loans to citizens of the Philippines. The market in 
which it operates is highly penetrated and stable in terms of size. It has also undergone significant regulation to 
aid customer protection, and at the moment regulatory changes have been rolled out by government agencies in 
2021. These changes yielded positive effects for those who already have the operational rights as lending licence 
issuances are now in moratorium, the market can expect that no new competitors will be able to enter the 
industry within the next 2-3 years.  
The Loan Originator’s headquarters are based in the Philippines, where also is the most profitable and mature 
market for the Loan Originator.  
The consumer loan offered by the Loan Originator is a strong alternative to bank loans. The advantage of the 
offered loan is that the client can determine the terms of the loan. A great advantage for the customer is the fact 
that the loan can be obtained completely through the Internet. Customer verification and all transactions are 
secured through the IT infrastructure utilized by the Loan Originator. Loans are suitable both to cover current and 
unexpected expenses. The website currently used by the Loan Originator to provide its consumer lending services 
through the internet platform is https://www.vamo.ph.  
The Loan Originator’s strategy is to become one of the leading consumer lending companies in the Philippines. 
This will be achieved by profitable growth built on two main pillars: high quality customer service and tailored 
product portfolio. Both pillars help the company grow by acquiring new customers as well as taking care of the 
current ones. 
Customer-focused service is ensured in line with local market practice. To ensure consistent quality of customer 
service operations, service standards have been developed, which includes (i) customer service and quality 
principles, (ii) best practices and requirements for managing customer service and (iii) internal procedures to 
ensure effective knowledge sharing and continuous improvement of operations. On a daily basis, the customer 
service is improved through regular benchmarking, experience sharing, and targeted projects. 
The Loan Originator’s customer service is based on the following five core pillars to ensure convenience and high-
quality customer experience: 
a. Single point of contact: The customer service works in a manner that a single person is assisting the 
customer. This approach minimises customer drop-off and maximises conversion. The Loan Originator’s 
customer service employees are highly trained specialists able to serve the customers without any hand-
offs by leveraging the Loan Originator’s sophisticated IT platform and deep expertise in the products of 
the Loan Originator. 
b. Speed: Critical success factor to the Loan Originator’s consumer lending business is being able to give a 
binding consumer loan offer to the customer within a short period of time - approximately 15 minutes. 
The Loan Originator closely monitors key performance indicators on its response times; the channels 
where speed is most critical (e.g., sales through partner network) are prioritised. 
c. 
Ease of access: The Loan Originator is accessible by phone, web, e-mail, chat and social networks. This 
setup gives the Loan Originator’s customers a wide range of convenient contact options and allows the 
Loan Originator to drive customer conversion rates. 
d. Procedures: The Loan Originator has rolled-out detailed client service procedures complying to local 
regulatory requirements and customer specifics.  
e. Integrity: Building consumer trust by upholding honesty in the course of their daily operations is crucial 
for the Loan Originator in the conduct of their business. The Loan Originator is aware of its brand promise 
and market position. By ensuring that they are open and honest about all client fees and interest rates, 
the Loan Originator gains the trust of its clients. Additionally, its system is supported by fail-safe 
architecture to guarantee performance and stability. Lastly, the Loan Originator makes sure that all 
customer complaints and inquiries are promptly addressed. 
The Loan Originator monitors key performance indicators at all levels of organisation, and the performance is 
benchmarked against internal performance, peers, other teams, and other markets. The strong customer service 
department and high-quality processes resulted in high client retention. 
The marketing technology used by the Loan Originator is increasingly sophisticated and enables a dynamically 
adjusted investment in different marketing channels to optimise the amount and type of traffic directed to the 
Loan Originator’s websites. This targeted data-driven approach attracts the potential customers who are more

--- Page 35 ---
34 
likely to apply for the loans, and reduces costs per acquisition of new customers, an important component of the 
operating costs. 
Overall marketing for the Loan Originator is being planned with a support from marketing and PR agencies and 
local team situated in Philippines.  
The Loan Originator is chosen over banks or other competitors due to flexibility, simple loan application and 
repayment process and fast processing times. 
Primary marketing targets are sales, followed by brand awareness. At this point the Loan Originator is heavily 
expanding online presence by focusing on channels with largest growth potential. To achieve set sales targets, 
variety of paid and organic marketing acquisition channels are being used, to mention a few: 
a. 
affiliate or partner marketing is considered to be the most important customer acquisition channel. The 
Loan Originator has campaigns running with the largest traffic providers in the Philippines. Pricing and 
purchasing models are being constantly adjusted to persuade high traffic quality and amount; 
b. search engine marketing in global platforms such as Google is used to acquire customers based on search 
queries. The Loan Originator is also testing potential of local vendor partners such as DragonPay. 
c. 
as for pay-per-click channels, social media platforms such as Facebook, Instagram, TikTok and YouTube 
are constantly used in different steps in customer journey. Besides those mentioned, the Loan 
Originator’s number of different networks and sites with a range of different content types as regular 
advertising, remarketing and so. 
For search engine optimization the Loan Originator considers a long-term approach; increase in organic traffic 
keeps building over time. Technical search engine optimization adjustments are performed on regular basis. This 
is supported by content part on both owned and bought media’s that altogether is crucial part of marketing 
success story. 
Frequently new traffic acquisition solutions are being tested, such as chatbot with a goal to increase sales and 
lower customer support involvement with generic issues that can be solved without human interaction. At this 
point use of traditional advertising has not been considered due to still high number of opportunities in online 
channels. Except of direct customer acquisition, notable effort has been put into website development. Clear 
focus was set on registration form, user cabinet, key landing page user interface and technical search engine 
optimization adjustments followed by algorithm change. As the Loan Originator’s year-to-year growth in mobile 
traffic, several adjustments had either been started or done regarding mobile-friendly interfaces and interaction 
ease. 
A range of marketing activities are designed to target existing customer base to persuade inactive users to apply 
for the loan together with customers increasing their loan amount. During seasonal events promotional 
campaigns are active offering extended loan repayment periods or lower fees. Marketing automation is used to 
notify existing and potential customers on Loan Originator’s offers and promotions.  
Taking into consideration market and legislation change, website visitor and marketing analytics has been updated 
to gain better insights on customer journeys and sales funnels. Improvements are performed in key drop-off areas 
to maximise return-on-investment. 
8.3.1. Loan Application Underwriting 
Loan disbursement is based on data driven underwriting, key processes are automatized based on a scalable and 
efficient proprietary IT platform. Each customer’s identity is checked through external web verification service. 
The underwriting process is mostly performed automatically using the proprietary IT systems. 
Review process of each application consists of the following steps: 
a. 
loan application processing, KYC and preliminary assessment; 
b. risk evaluation and scoring; 
c. 
final loan approval and loan issuance. 
8.3.1.1. Loan application processing, KYC and preliminary assessment 
The Loan Originator’s underwriting process is automated to the maximum possible extent. The issuance policy 
sets detailed process overview including business “hard” rules, e.g., age limits, eligible customers, revenues, 
indebtedness levels, and fraud rules and scoring models for decision making.

--- Page 36 ---
35 
During the loan application processing, the preliminary data in each application are cross-checked and 
supplemented if needed, the customer is asked with further information. Preliminary fraud and blacklists checks 
are performed, politically exposed persons/prominent influential persons and extra checks of the AML sanction 
list and the Philippines warning and sanctions to implement specific international measures to combat terrorism 
are performed. During the loan application processing, the most important steps are the verification of the 
customer’s eligibility for the Loan Originator’s financing, based on the information related to the customer’s 
financial, economic and reputational information and also based on the transaction terms applied. After such 
steps are successfully completed, the customer receives a preliminary loan offer. 
8.3.1.2. Risk evaluation and Scoring 
During the risk assessment and scoring evaluation stages, credit databases are checked, customer’s income 
information analysed, customer indebtedness calculated and evaluated. The internally developed scoring tool 
gives a clear score that enables an informed granting decision. With the increase of the loan portfolio, the scoring 
models are updated. The Loan Originator analyses KYC information and the creditworthiness of its customers via 
public and private databases (government institution databases, debt collection agency databases, industry / peer 
company blacklists and bank statement providers) and allocates a scoring band to the customer. The scoring 
model is based on third party and in-house models and allows the Loan Originator an efficient assessment of the 
counterparty risk. 
The Loan Originator benefits from the high visibility that its marketing has helped to develop and the investment 
in marketing technologies enables the Loan Originator to target the most efficient marketing channels for specific 
customer groups. While the Loan Originator is using a data-driven marketing strategy to attract potential 
customers, their suitability will be determined by the scoring model based underwriting process. 
8.3.1.3. Final approval and loan issuance   
Final approval of the loan issuance is made by Loan Originator’s employee and the decision is based on data 
provided by customer and in-house built data-driven assessment. Loan is issued to the Underlying Borrower’s 
bank account immediately after the decision. The terms of the Loan Originator’s loan agreements comply with 
local laws and regulatory guidance. Regulations may have an impact on interest rates, handling fees, commission 
fees, penalty fees, personal information disclosure, customer withdrawal rights, loan amendments (early 
repayments, term changes, takeover) and other terms. 
8.4. DEBT COLLECTION 
The Loan Originator has established an efficient and effective debt collection process with dedicated team 
following local regulations. The Loan Originator’s strategy is focused on maximising the dialogue with Underlying 
Borrowers and recovering payments. When the Loan Originator assesses that an Underlying Borrower can repay 
its loan, it offers various options and tailors the offers to such customers. When the Loan Originator assesses that 
the Underlying Borrower will not be able to continue a successful relationship, subsequent sale of debt is strived 
to the local debt recovery agency, while maintaining full transparency with the customer about the process. 
The Loan Originator adjusts its approach based on the stage of the overdue loan (the Loan Originator classifies a 
loan as non-performing if it is more than 90 days overdue): 
a. 
Before the loan becomes overdue, the Loan Originator has introduced an automated reminder process 
that ensures that the Underlying Borrower is aware of upcoming payment and payment details. 
b. Since payment is overdue, the Loan Originator launches its automated reminder system (SMS, e-mails) 
mixed with physical calls from inhouse debt collection team. These activities are carried out until the 34th 
day of delay in repayment. Underlying Borrower is informed about the overdue amounts, the further 
actions if payment will not be made, and the Loan Originator’s contacts to discuss the potential options. 
c. 
On the 35th day of delay in repayment, the Loan Originator shall engage 3rd party collection agencies to 
undertake further collection calls, skip tracing activities and possibly door to door collection efforts. 
To ensure consistent quality of debt collection operations, the Loan Originator has developed debt collection 
service standards that include (i) debt collection principles, (ii) best practices and requirements for the debt 
collection department and (iii) internal procedures. On a daily basis, the debt collection organisation is improved 
through regular benchmarking, experience sharing, and targeted projects.

--- Page 37 ---
36 
8.5. COMPLIANCE 
8.5.1. AML/CTF 
The 2018 Implementing Rules and Regulations of Republic Act No. 9160, otherwise known as the Anti-money 
Laundering Act of 2001, as Amended. The IRR was promulgated to provide the details on the implementation of 
AMLA, as well as to assist other stakeholders by prescribing the rules and regulations to combat money 
laundering, terrorism financing is a predicate offense to money laundering and other associated unlawful 
activities. Republic Act. 10173 or otherwise known as the Data Privacy Act of 2012 and Its Implementing Rules 
and Regulations, is an Act protecting individual personal information and communication systems in the 
government and the private sector. The state recognized the vital role of information and communication 
technology in nation-building and its inherent obligation to ensure that personal information and communication 
system are secured and protected. 
8.5.2. Regulatory framework  
The Loan Originator is a licensed consumer lending non-banking company and is required to comply with rules on 
consumer lending and consumer rights protection, prohibition against unfair commercial practices, personal data 
processing requirements, debt collection legislation, money laundering and terrorism financing prevention 
requirements and civil law. 
Legislation sets forth requirements in respect of the relationship between lending companies and their customers 
as they relate to marketing and remote agreements, consumer loans, the terms of consumer loan agreements 
and information that must be disclosed to prospective customers prior to entering into loan agreement, 
calculation of annual interest rates and limitations of penalties and interest, assessment of consumer solvency, 
right of withdrawal, as well as personal data processing, client identification and due diligence under anti-money 
laundering procedures and debt collection. 
Republic Act No. 3765, an act requiring the disclosure of finance charges in connection with the extension of 
credit. This policy aims in protecting its citizens from lack of awareness of the true cost of credit to the user by 
assuring a full disclosure of such cost with a view to preventing the uninformed use of credit to the detriment of 
the national economy. Section 4 of R.A 3765 states that any creditor shall furnish to each person to whom credit 
is extended, prior to the consummation of the transaction, a clear statement in writing setting forth, to the extent 
applicable and in accordance with rules and regulations prescribed by the Board. Securities Exchange Commission 
Memorandum Circular No. 18 or also known as Prohibition of unfair Debt Collection Practices of financing 
companies or lending companies allows all financing companies and lending companies to collect amounts due 
under the loan agreement, provided that, in the exercise of their rights and performance of their duties, they 
observe good faith and reasonable conduct and refrain from engaging in scrupulous and untoward acts.  
8.6. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
The selected standalone financial statements set forth below should be read in conjunction with the respective 
documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. The tables below present key selected audited 
standalone financial information for the Loan Originator for the financial years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 
December 2021 financial data derived from the Loan Originator financial statements prepared in accordance with 
Philippine Financial Reporting Standard adopted by Securities Exchange Commission as of December 2011 and 
under Revised Securities Regulation Code Rule 68 of October 2019. 
Translated audited financial statement including auditor’s opinion can be found on the Website in the section 
Loan Originators. 
Figure 8 - Statement of comprehensive income of the Loan Originator 
Statements of comprehensive income 
For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
(In EUR according to ECB exchange 
rate on 31 December 2022  
(EUR 1.00=PHP 59.32)) 
 2022  
 2021

--- Page 38 ---
37 
Revenues 
 
                     93,297  
                     10,439  
Cost of services 
 
                   (85,780) 
                      (6,982) 
Gross income 
 
                       7,517  
                       3,457  
Operating expenses 
 
                 (613,763) 
                 (202,490) 
Operating loss 
 
                 (606,247) 
                 (199,032) 
Other income/expense 
 
                   (37,919) 
                             83  
Net loss before tax 
 
                 (644,166) 
                 (198,949) 
Income tax benefit 
 
                   116,106  
                     45,398  
Net loss for the year 
  
                 (528,060) 
                 (153,551) 
The Company has no other comprehensive income for the years 2022 and 
2021. 
  
 
Figure 9 - Balance sheet of the Loan Originator 
STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION 
As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
(In EUR according to ECB exchange rate on 
31 December 2022  
(EUR 1.00=PHP 59.32)) 
 2022  
 2021  
  
  
  
  
  
ASSETS 
  
  
  
  
  
CURRENT ASSETS 
 
  
  
Cash 
 
                       6,495  
                     22,124  
Loans and Other Receivables, Net 
 
                     87,648  
                     19,267  
Other Current Assets 
 
                     25,479  
                     20,206  
  
 
                   119,621  
                     61,598  
  
  
 
                              -   
  
NONCURRENT ASSETS 
  
                              -   
                              -   
Property and Equipment, Net 
 
                     18,073  
                     20,285  
Right-of-Use Asset 
 
                     10,551  
                     35,874  
Deferred Tax Asset 
 
                   161,504  
                     45,398  
Other Noncurrent Assets 
 
                     21,241  
                     21,241  
  
  
                   211,370  
                   122,798  
TOTAL ASSETS 
  
                   330,991  
                   184,395  
  
  
  
  
  
LIABILITIES AND EQUITY/(CAPITAL DEFICIENCY) 
  
  
  
  
  
CURRENT LIABILITIES 
  
  
  
Accounts Payable and Accrued 
Expenses 
 
                     12,753  
                           843  
Other Payables 
 
                       8,342  
                       5,825  
Current Lease Liability 
 
                     11,335  
                     25,538  
  
 
                     32,429  
                     32,205

--- Page 39 ---
38 
  
  
 
                              -   
  
NONCURRENT LIABILITIES 
 
                              -    
                              -    
Loans Payable 
 
                   810,189  
                   124,423  
Noncurrent Lease Liability 
 
                              -   
                     11,335  
Advances from Related Party 
 
                     12,605  
                     12,605  
  
  
 
                   148,363  
               8,800,882  
TOTAL LIABILITIES 
 
                   855,224  
                   180,568  
  
  
 
  
  
EQUITY/(CAPITAL DEFICIENCY) 
 
  
  
Share Capital 
 
                   185,435  
                   185,435  
Deficit 
 
                 (709,667) 
                 (181,608) 
TOTAL EQUITY/(CAPITAL 
DEFICIENCY) 
  
                 (524,233) 
                       3,827  
TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 
  
                   330,991  
                   184,395  
 
There has been no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of the Loan Originator since the 
date of its last published audited financial statements. The Loan Originator is unaware of any factors, claims, 
obligations, or events which would negatively affect the financial situation or performance of the Loan Originator 
in future. 
The statutory auditor of the Loan Originator’s annual financial statements as of and for the financial year ended 
31 December 2022, is Acyatan & Co., incorporated under the laws of Philippines, and having its registered office 
at The Columbia Tower, Ortigas Avenue, Mandaluyong City, Philippines 1550 and registered in the Philippines 
Securities and Exchange Commission with SEC Accreditation No. 74169-SEC under group C. Audit opinion of the 
Loan Originator’s financial statement is clear from any qualifications. 
Despite the negative equity, Management of the Loan Originator believes that there are no going concern risks. 
After the business grow, expected sales and generated revenues would allow to cover the losses of the prior 
periods and generate positive financial result. 
8.7. LEGAL AND ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS 
Since the date of the Loan Originator’s incorporation, the Loan Originator has not been involved in any litigation 
or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Loan 
Originator is aware) which may have, or have had a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of 
the Loan Originator.  
8.8. THE UNDERLYING LOANS 
8.8.1. The Underlying Loan and Borrower 
As of the date of the Base Prospectus, the Underlying Borrower, resident of the Philippines aged 20-65 years old, 
may choose the loan amount from 1,000 PHP to 30,000 PHP. The rate on the Underlying Loan depends on various 
factors, including repayment term and payments made, loan amount and performed borrower’s risk evaluation. 
The Underlying Borrower must be employed or at least have a regular stream of income. The Underlying Borrower 
must reside and work in the Philippines, and must provide information on his source of income, employment 
related information, other outstanding loans and living costs for creditworthiness evaluation. 
The Underlying Borrower must provide a bank account or an e-wallet number. The e-wallet provided by the 
Underlying Borrower is verified through one of the service providers GCash, GrabPay or Coins.ph. Prior to loan 
issuance, solvency of the Underlying Borrower is validated using information available at the external data 
sources, including various credit bureaus and debt collection agency databases available in the Philippines.  
The loan is a credit line with the ability to repay loan until next schedule date or make loan repayment 
prolongation. In order to get a loan, the Underlying Borrower must fill out an application form on the website.

--- Page 40 ---
39 
The service is provided solely through the website of the Loan Originator. At the time of repayment, the 
Underlying Borrower can transfer funds through local service providers DragonPay or Paynamics.

--- Page 41 ---
40 
9. THE DISTRIBUTOR 
9.1. INCORPORATION AND OWNERSHIP 
AS TWINO Investments ("Distributor”), was incorporated and registered as a joint stock company (in Latvian – 
akciju sabiedrība) in the Commercial Register of Enterprises of Latvia on 26 March 2020 with the unified 
registration number: 44103143823. It is organised and operating pursuant to the laws of Latvia and has been 
established for an indefinite period of time. The Legal Entity Identifier ("LEI”) of the Distributor is 
984500856AF4DF5FAT57. The registered address and office of the Issuer is at: 30 Terbatas Street, Riga, LV-1011, 
Latvia and its telephone number is: +371 67 799 997. The Distributor’s sole shareholder and the ultimate 
beneficial owner is Mr Armands Broks. 
9.2. BUSINESS 
The Distributor is authorized as an investment firm by the Bank of Latvia (“BoL”) on 31 August 2021 under the 
licence number: 06.06.08.720/536 to provide the following investment services and ancillary services:  
a. portfolio management; 
b. placing of financial instruments without a firm commitment basis; 
c. holding of financial instruments; 
d. currency exchange services where these are related to the provision of investment services; 
e. execution of orders on behalf of clients; 
f. dealing on own account; 
g. services related to underwriting; 
h. reception and transmission of orders in relation to one or more financial instruments.

--- Page 42 ---
41 
10. CERTAIN NOTICES TO INVESTORS 
10.1. RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in, or incorporated by reference into, the Base 
Prospectus, in the following Sections of the Base Prospectus: 
a. 
general description of the Programme; 
b. risk factors related to the Issuer; 
c. 
risk factors related to the Securities and the trading market; 
d. the Assignment Agreement; 
e. further issues of the Securities; 
f. 
the legislation and jurisdiction in relation to the issuance of the Securities; 
g. 
terms and conditions of the Securities; 
h. the information contained in the relevant Final Terms for each Series of Securities issued under the 
Programme.  
The Issuer declares that, to the best of its knowledge, the information contained in, or incorporated by reference 
into, the Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and makes no omission likely to affect the import of such 
information. 
The Management Board of the Issuer consists of: 
Title: 
member of the management board 
 
Full name: 
Mr Helvijs Henšelis. 
The Lender accepts responsibility for the information contained in, or incorporated by reference into, the 
following Sections of the Base Prospectus. 
a. 
the Loan Agreement; 
b. the Assignment Agreement; 
c. 
risk factors related to the Lender. 
The Lender declares that, to the best of its knowledge, the information contained in, or incorporated by reference 
into, the Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and makes no omission likely to affect the import of such 
information. 
The Loan Originator accepts responsibility for the information contained in, or incorporated by reference into, 
the following Sections of the Base Prospectus: 
a. 
risks related to the Loan Originator; 
b. the Underlying Agreement; 
c. 
business review of the Loan Originator; 
d. financial information of the Loan Originator. 
The Loan Originator declares that, to the best of its knowledge, the information contained in, or incorporated by 
reference into, the Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and makes no omission likely to affect the 
import of such information. 
No representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility is accepted by the 
Distributor as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in the Base Prospectus or any other 
information provided by the Issuer, the Lender and/or the Loan Originator. The Distributor does not accept any 
liability in relation to the information contained in the Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the 
Issuer, the Lender and/or the Loan Originator in connection with the Programme. 
10.2. NOTICE 
The Base Prospectus has been approved by the BoL, as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 43 ---
42 
The BoL only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. 
Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer that is the subject of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Securities.  
10.3. FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus contains forward-looking assumptions. All statements and assumptions other than 
statements of historical data included in this Base Prospectus, including, without restriction, statements related 
to the projected financial situation of the Issuer and the business performance, its policy, strategies, goals, 
objectives, and future trends in the markets in which it participates or intends to participate are considered as 
forward-looking statements. Also, forward-looking statements are considered the ones that are preceded by, 
accompanied by or containing the words “anticipate”, “believe”, “continue”, “could”, “estimate”, “expect”, 
“forecast”, “aims”, “intends”, “will”, “may”, “plan”, “should” or related or negative terminology. Such forward-
looking statements contain known and unknown risks, uncertainty and other factors that could affect the actual 
results, performance or accomplishments, or the industry results to vary significantly from any potential 
outcomes, performance or accomplishments stated or suggested by such forward-looking statements. Any 
forward-looking claims, while currently rational, may prove inaccurate. In addition, there are many risks and 
uncertainties associated with the company of the Issuer, because of which a forward-looking prediction, 
estimation or projection could prove inaccurate. Therefore, investors should read carefully the sections that 
provide a thorough explanation of the factors influencing the economic development of the Issuer and of the 
sector in which the Issuer operates (For more information, please see Section 2. “RISK FACTORS”). 
The forecasted events and developments mentioned in this Base Prospectus may not arise in view of the threats, 
uncertainties and assumptions. 
As the risk factors pointed in this Base Prospectus and other factors are likely to cause real outcomes or results 
to vary significantly from those provided in any forward-looking statements included in this Base Prospectus by 
the Issuer, investors should not settle any reliance on any of these forward-looking statements. Furthermore, any 
forward-looking statement shall apply solely to the date on which it is published, and the Issuer shall not attempt 
to amend or revise any forward-looking statement to represent occurrences or conditions beyond the date on 
which the statement is published or to reflect the occurrence of unexpected events. In the future, new factors 
will appear, and there is no possibility for the Issuer to foresee which factors will occur. Furthermore, the Issuer 
cannot determine the impact of each factor on its company or business, or the degree to which any factor or 
combination of factors can affect real outcomes and cause them to vary significantly from those specified in any 
forward-looking statement. Unless required by legislation, the Issuer does not accept the responsibility to amend 
such forward looking statements or to conform them to potential occurrences or developments. 
10.4.  THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
Economic and industry data, market data and market forecasts mentioned in this Base Prospectus were obtained 
from market research and industry publications. The data source is identified for every third-party information 
that has been used in this Base Prospectus. 
Where the information found in this Base Prospectus has been expressly described as being derived from third 
party records, the Issuer agrees that the information has been correctly replicated. The Issuer is conscious and 
can verify that no data have been removed from documents released by the third party that would make the 
replicated information unreliable or misleading. Although the Issuer has no evidence to suggest that any of this 
information is incorrect in any material respect, the Issuer has not independently checked the competitive 
situation, the scale of the competition, the development of the market or any other information supplied by third 
parties or by industry or other publications. Even though Issuer has no evidence to suggest that any of this 
information is incorrect in any material respect, the Issuer has not independently checked the competitive 
environment, the scale of the competition, the development of the market or any other information supplied by 
external sources or by industry or other publications.

--- Page 44 ---
43 
10.5.  PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
Latest financial statements for the Issuer, Lender and Loan Originator are available on the Website, and they have 
been prepared and published in term set in applicable laws. The financial information set out herein has been 
derived from the audited standalone financial statements of the Loan Originator as at and for the financial year 
ended 31 December 2021, unless otherwise stated. The Loan Originator’s financial statements are prepared in 
compliance with Philippines’ Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (“GAAP”). 
Any of the estimates, financial details and market data specified in this Base Prospectus (including percentages) 
were rounded up or down in compliance with generally applicable commercial and business standards. Therefore, 
not all of the total amounts (total amounts or interim amounts, discrepancies or figures used as reference) 
contained in this Base Prospectus which fully agree with the underlying (non-rounded) individual amounts 
contained elsewhere or in documents incorporated in this Base Prospectus by reference. Moreover, it is likely 
that these rounded figures in the tables are not precisely summed up in order to form the complete quantities in 
the respective tables. 
10.6.  FURTHER INFORMATION REGARDING THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
No person shall be entitled to provide any information or make any representations other than those contained 
in the Base Prospectus, and such information or representations shall not be relied on, if provided or made, as 
allowed by or on behalf of the Issuer. 
The delivery of the Base Prospectus shall not, under any circumstances, create any implication that: 
a. 
the information provided in the Base Prospectus is accurate at any point after the date, or after the date 
on which the Base Prospectus was most frequently revised or supplemented, or  
b. since the date of this Base Prospectus, or the date on which this Base Prospectus was most recently 
revised or updated, there has been no adverse shift in the affairs or financial condition of the Loan 
Originator, which is material in the sense of the Securities, or  
c. 
any other information given in relation with the issue of the Securities is accurate at any time after the 
date on which it is issued or, if different, the date specified in the document providing the same 
information, or as far as the Issuer has fulfilled its obligation to publish a supplement pursuant to Article 
23 of the Prospectus Regulation.  
The Securities are not appropriate for investors of all kinds. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other 
information provided in connection with the Securities should be regarded as a suggestion by the to acquire any 
Securities. 
10.7.  MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE 
For the sole purpose of each manufacturer's product acceptance procedure, the target market evaluation relating 
to the Securities led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Securities offered in Latvia, as well as in 
other Member States after the cross-border passport notification procedure has been finalized with the BoL, is 
retail clients, professional clients and eligible counterparties, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, “MiFID II”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Securities to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. A manufacturer's target market appraisal should be considered by any person 
subsequently providing, selling or suggesting the Securities; however, the distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for carrying out its own target market appraisal with regards to the Securities (either by adopting or 
modifying the target market appraisal of the manufacturers) and for determining suitable distribution streams or 
channels. 
10.8. USE OF PROCEEDS AND INTERESTS OF PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE AND OFFER 
The Issuer is a special purpose vehicle with the sole goal to facilitate the process of the issuance of the Securities. 
Save for fees, if any, payable to the Distributor, and so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue 
of the Securities has an interest material to the offer. The Distributor and its affiliates may in the future engage in 
investment brokerage transactions with and may perform other services for the Issuer and its affiliates in the

--- Page 45 ---
44 
ordinary course of business. The possibility of conflicts of interest between the different roles of the Distributor 
on one hand, and between those of the Securityholders, on the other hand, cannot be excluded. 
Furthermore, given the investment activities of the Distributor, conflicts may arise between the interests of the 
Distributor acting in these capacities (including the business relationship with the Issuer of the Securities or 
possession of non-public information in relation with them) and those of the Securityholders. Finally, the activities 
of the Distributor with the Securities, on its proprietary account or behalf of its customers, may also have an 
impact on the price of these instruments and their liquidity and, thus, may be in conflict with the interests of the 
Securityholders.

--- Page 46 ---
45 
11. TAXATION 
Tax laws of the Securityholder’s country of residence and of the Issuer’s country of residence may differ and thus 
have an impact on the income that the Securityholder receives from the Securities. It is advised for the 
Securityholder to assess the tax liabilities arising from the acquisition, ownership and sale of the Securities. 
The following is a general summary of certain tax considerations in Latvia in relation to the Securities. It is not 
exhaustive and does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax consequences relating to the Securities, as 
well as does not take into account or discuss the tax implications of any country other than Latvia. The information 
provided in this section shall not be treated as legal or tax advice; prospective investors are advised to consult 
their own tax advisors as to the tax consequences of the subscription, ownership and disposal of the Securities 
applicable to their particular circumstances. 
This summary is based on the laws of Latvia as in force on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any 
change in law that may take effect after such date, provided that such changes could apply also retroactively. 
Latvia has entered into a number of tax conventions on elimination of the double taxation (“DTT”), which may 
provide more favourable taxation regime. Therefore, if there is a valid tax convention with the country of a non-
resident prospective investor, it should be also examined. The procedures for application of tax conventions are 
provided in the Republic of Latvia Cabinet of Ministers’ Regulations No. 178 “Procedures for Application of Tax 
Relief Determined in International Agreements for Prevention of Double Taxation and Tax Evasion” of 30 April 
2001. 
11.1. TAXATION OF THE SECURITYHOLDER (INDIVIDUALS) 
11.1.1. Resident Individuals 
An individual will be considered as a resident of Latvia for taxation purposes, if: 
a. the individual’s declared place of residence is in Latvia; or 
b. the individual stays in Latvia 183 days or more within any 12-month period, starting or ending in the 
taxation year; or 
c. 
the individual is a citizen of Latvia employed abroad by the government of Latvia. 
In accordance with the Law on Personal Income Tax the income from capital, including interest, as well as income 
from capital gains is subject to a fixed personal income tax (“PIT”) rate of 20%. 
As a result, the Interest income from the Securities for resident individuals will be subject to 20 % PIT that will be 
withheld by the Issuer before the Interest payment is made by the Issuer to the Securityholder. For the avoidance 
of doubt, for the purposes of the application of the PIT, the payment of Interest is made each time when the 
Issuer pays the Interest to the Securityholder's investment account held with the Distributor irrespective of 
whether the Securityholder withdraws the respective amount or re-invests it further. The Issuer shall: 
a. inform the State Revenue Service about the amount of Interest paid and the PIT withheld (with respect to 
the Interest payments to the Securityholder) no later than the 15th date of the next calendar month 
following the Interest payment date; 
b. withhold and pay the PIT (with respect to the Interest payments to the Securityholder) to the State 
Revenue Service no later than the 23rd date of the next calendar month following the Interest payment 
date. 
The capital gains from the sale of the Securities will be subject to 20% tax, but the tax would be payable by the 
individual him/herself. 
11.1.2. Non-resident individuals 
An individual will be considered as a non-resident of Latvia for taxation purposes in all cases unless he/she is a tax 
resident of Latvia. The taxation of non-resident individuals shall be the same as resident individuals.  
In addition, non-resident individuals, who are the residents of a country with whom Latvia has entered a DTT 
(which is in force at the moment of the payment of the Interest) shall be able to apply the reduced rate according 
to the DTT, if they have submitted their residence certificate to the Issuer, which is compliant with the regulatory

--- Page 47 ---
46 
requirements of Latvia. The Issuer shall have the right to request the Securityholder's to submit an updated 
certificate of residence if it is required for the purpose of the application of the reduced PIT rate.  
11.2. TAXATION OF THE SECURITYHOLDER (LEGAL ENTITY) 
11.2.1. Resident entities 
A legal entity will be considered as a resident of Latvia for tax purposes if it is or should have been established and 
registered in Latvia in accordance with the laws of Latvia. This also include permanent establishments of foreign 
entities in Latvia. 
Interest payments on the Securities and proceeds from the disposal of the Securities received by Latvian resident 
companies will not be subject to withholding tax in Latvia. Under the Corporate Income Tax Law retained earnings 
are exempt from corporate income tax and only distributions are taxed. Corporate income tax rate on gross profit 
distribution is 20%. Corporate income tax on net amount of profit distribution is determined by dividing net 
amount with a coefficient of 0.8 and applying a 20% rate (i.e., effective tax rate on net distributed profit is 25%). 
11.2.2. Non-resident entities 
An entity will be considered as a non-resident of Latvia for taxation purposes in all cases unless it is a tax resident 
of Latvia. 
In accordance with the Corporate Income Tax Law the interest income and capital gains from the sale of the 
Securities for non-resident entities will not be taxable in Latvia. 
11.3. TAXATION OF RESIDENTS OF LOW OR NO TAX JURISDICTIONS 
In general, payments (including interest payments) to non-residents located, registered or incorporated in a no-
tax or low-tax country or territory as defined in the Regulations of the Cabinet of Ministers No.819 “Regulations 
on Low Tax or No Tax Countries and Territories” of 17 December 2020 are subject to withholding tax of 20% if the 
payer is a Latvian legal entity having obligation to withhold tax.

--- Page 48 ---
47 
12. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
Under the Programme described in the Base Prospectus, the Issuer may periodically issue the Securities on the 
Terms and Conditions of the Securities set out herein (“Terms and Conditions of the Securities”), as completed by 
Final Terms. The relevant final terms of any Series of the Securities are set out in the Final Terms which complete 
these Terms and Conditions of the Securities. References to the “relevant Final Terms” are to the Final Terms (or 
the relevant provisions thereof). 
12.1. GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE SECURITIES 
12.1.1. Parties: 
Issuer:  
SIA TWINO Investments Poland, incorporated and registered as a limited liability 
company (in Latvian – sabiedrība ar ierobežotu atbildību) in the Commercial Register 
of Enterprises of Latvia on 15 February 2022 with the unified registration 
number: 40203380395. It is organised and operating pursuant to the laws of Latvia 
and has been established for an indefinite period of time. The LEI of the Issuer is 
984500BDTE51D13B6879. The registered address and office of the Issuer is at: 
30 Terbatas Street, Riga, LV-1011, Latvia and its telephone number is: +371 
67 799 997.  
Distributor: 
AS TWINO Investments, incorporated and registered as a joint stock company (in 
Latvian – akciju sabiedrība) in the Commercial Register of Enterprises of Latvia on 
26 March 2020 with the unified registration number: 44103143823. It is organised 
and operating pursuant to the laws of Latvia and has been established for an indefinite 
period of time. The registered address and office of the Distributor is at: 30 Terbatas 
Street, Riga, LV-1011, Latvia and its telephone number is: +371 67 799 997. 
The Distributor is authorized as an investment firm by the Bank of Latvia on 31 
August 2021 under the licence number: 06.06.08.720/536 to provide investment 
services and ancillary services. 
Lender 
SIA TWINO Finance, a company incorporated and registered in Latvia, unified 
registration number.:40203380408, who issues Loan, which forms the Loan 
Receivables that are sold to the Issuer and serve as the underlying assets of the 
Securities. 
Loan Originator 
Vamo Lending Inc. is registered with the Philippines’ Securities and Exchange 
Commission with Company Registration Number CS20200000915 and carrying special 
licence for lending activities under Certificate of Authority Number 3261 A legal entity, 
which on the basis of the Underlying Agreements issues the Underlying Loans to the 
Underlying Borrowers. 
Securityholder 
A private individual or a legal entity, who in line with the applicable legal acts and 
Distributor’s terms and conditions, has invested in Securities by buying one or several 
Securities. 
12.1.2. The Loan Receivables: 
Maturity term of the 
Loan: 
The term, which is set out in accordance with the Loan Agreement for the Loan 
Originator to make the repayment of the Loan; 
Schedule: 
The schedule for the repayment of the Loan (both principal, interest, commission and 
other fees, if applicable), which is an integral part of the Loan Agreement and sets out 
the amounts and dates of the payments. The principal shall be payable in a bullet 
payment at the maturity of the Loan. Interest shall be accrued and paid periodically. 
Interest on the Loan: 
The remuneration that the Loan Originator pays to the Lender for the usage of the 
Loan. The interest shall be calculated from the unpaid principal amount of the Loan,

--- Page 49 ---
48 
and the Loan Originator shall pay it in accordance with the terms and conditions of the 
Loan Agreement and the Schedule. 
Extension of the Loan: 
The Loan Originator has the right to extend the Loan for a maximum of 4 (four) times 
for a 3 (three)-month period (in total for 12 (twelve) months) unless a shorter period 
is defined in the Loan Agreement. 
12.1.3. The Underlying Portfolio: 
Underlying Agreement 
A distance contract between the Underlying Borrower (as a borrower) and the Loan 
Originator (as a lender) for the disbursement of the Underlying Loan containing the 
terms and conditions of the Underlying Loan (For more information about the main 
terms and conditions of the Underlying Agreement, please see section 8.8 “The 
Underlying Loans.”). 
Underlying Loan 
Funds that the Loan Originator has granted to the Underlying Borrower in line with the 
terms and conditions set out in the Underlying Agreement. 
Underlying Borrower 
A natural person that has entered into the Underlying Agreement with the Loan 
Originator. 
Limitations of the usage 
of the Underlying 
Borrower's personal data 
The Underlying Borrower will not be informed of the specifics involving the 
transactions related to the issuing of and investing in Securities. The Securityholder 
shall not request from the Distributor or any other involved parties any additional 
information about the Underlying Borrower and his or her personal data. The 
Securityholder shall in no way contact or meet the Underlying Borrower in connection 
with the Underlying Agreement in the context of their investment in Securities. 
Maturity term of the 
Underlying Loan 
The term, which is set out in the Underlying Agreement for the Underlying Borrower 
to make the repayment of the Underlying Loan. 
Commission 
The remuneration that the Underlying Borrower pays to the Loan Originator for the 
usage of the Underlying Loan. The commission shall be calculated from the unpaid 
principal amount of the Underlying Loan, and the Underlying Borrower shall pay it in 
accordance with the terms and conditions of the Underlying Agreement; 
Activities with the 
Underlying Portfolio 
The Loan Originator has the right to: 
a. 
amend and/or to enter in supplemental agreements to the Underlying 
Agreement without coordinating it with the Lender, the Issuer, the 
Securityholder or any other party, including, at discretion, extending the 
maturity term of the Underlying Loan; 
b. manage the Underlying Loans in all aspects and to take all actions required 
relating to the repayment of the Underlying Loan and fulfilment of the 
Underlying Agreement until it is repaid in full. 
The Loan Originator shall act with the utmost care and in a way ensuring the 
representation and protection of the interests of the Lender, the Issuer and the 
Securityholder.

--- Page 50 ---
49 
12.1.4. Website 
Availability of Securities: 
Securities are available for the purchase for interested parties only over the counter 
(OTC) via the Website, where the private individuals or legal entities wishing to invest 
in Securities or to get acquainted with the information about Securities, may register 
and create a user profile. Potential investors need to comply with the Distributor’s 
terms and conditions to be able to invest in the Securities. Investment procedure for 
the Securities is described in a Client Agreement that shall be concluded by and 
between the Distributor and the potential investor (For more information about the 
flow of payments between the parties, please see section 4.1 “The Securities and 
transaction overview”). 
Securityholder’s Profile:  
Operational platform that is accessible through the Website and becomes available to 
the Securityholder after the registration on the Website. The Securityholder must use 
an authentication procedure defined and set by the Distributor to access the 
Securityholder’s Profile via the Website.  
12.1.5. Securities 
Securities or Security:  
Financial instruments – asset-backed securities, issued by the Issuer and backed by the 
Loan Receivables. A Security refers to an investment into the Loan Receivables. 
Investment in Securities:  
A Securityholder can invest in one or several Securities by purchasing them at Issue 
Price. The payments to the Securityholder are distributed proportionally to their 
respective share of the Aggregate Nominal Value of the Series. 
Series: 
The Securities will be issued periodically in several Series having different issue dates. 
Each Series shall have a unique ISIN number, its own Final Terms and will be linked to a 
specific Loan Receivable;  
Activities with the Loan 
Receivables: 
Subject to the Lender’s written consent, the Loan Originator has the right to extend 
the repayment of the Loan for a maximum of four (4) times for a three (3) months 
period each (in total for 12 (twelve) months) without a prior consent of the Issuer, the 
Distributor or any other party. The said extensions shall extend the Maturity Date of 
the Securities that are backed by the respective Loan Receivable, accordingly. 
The Loan Originator’s 
representations: 
The Loan Originator: 
a. 
has not alienated/disposed, pledged to third parties or otherwise encumbered 
the Loan Receivable, except to the Issuer; 
b. is not responsible for the delay of the due date set out in the Underlying 
Agreement by the Underlying Borrower; 
c. 
shall not be liable to the Lender, nor any successors or heirs of their liabilities 
and rights, nor to any other third party in the event the Underlying Borrower 
fails to perform the obligations arising out of the Underlying Agreement in full 
or any part thereof.  
Redemption Rights: 
The Issuer is entitled to redeem the Securities from the Securityholder at any point in 
time at Early Redemption Amount. In such case the Distributor shall indicate this 
information in the Securityholder’s Profile. 
12.2. CONSENT OF THE SECURITYHOLDER 
Securityholders have notice of, and have accepted, the terms and conditions set out in the Base Prospectus, the 
Final Terms and the Assignment Agreement. It is hereby expressly provided that, and Securityholders are deemed 
to have accepted that: 
a. 
the Issuer makes no representation or warranty in respect of, or shall at any time have no responsibility 
for liability or obligation in respect of the performance and observance by the Loan Originator of its 
obligations with respect to the Loan Receivables under the Assignment Agreement or the recoverability of

--- Page 51 ---
50 
any sum of principal or interest (or any additional amounts) due from the Loan Originator under the 
Assignment Agreement; 
b. the Issuer shall not at any time have any responsibility for, or obligation or liability in respect of the 
condition (financial or otherwise), creditworthiness, affairs, status, nature or prospects of the Loan 
Originator; 
c. 
the Issuer shall not at any time be liable for any representation or warranty or any act, default or omission 
of the Loan Originator with respect to the Loan Receivable under or in respect of the Assignment 
Agreement; 
d. the financial servicing and performance of the terms and conditions of the Securities depend solely upon 
performance by the Loan Originator of its obligations with respect to the Loan Receivables under the Loan 
Agreement and the Assignment Agreement respectively and its covenant to make payments with respect 
to the Loan Receivables under the Loan Agreement and the Assignment Agreement respectively and its 
credit and financial standing. The Loan Originator has represented and warranted to the Issuer that the 
Loan Receivables constitute a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Loan Originator; 
e. the Issuer shall be entitled to rely on documents signed by the authorized persons of the Loan Originator 
(and, where applicable, certification by third parties) as a means of monitoring whether the Loan 
Originator is complying with its obligations with respect to the Loan Receivables under the Assignment 
Agreement and shall not otherwise be responsible for investigating any aspect of the Loan Originator’s 
performance in relation thereto; 
f. 
the Issuer shall not be required to risk its own funds or otherwise incur any financial liability in the 
performance of its obligations or duties or the exercise of any right, authority or discretion pursuant to 
terms and conditions set out in the Base Prospectus until it has received from the Loan Originator the 
funds or adequate insurance against, and/or security and/or prefunding that are necessary to cover the 
costs in connection with such performance or exercise, or has been (in its sole discretion) sufficiently 
assured that it will receive such funds; 
g. 
the Issuer will not be liable for any shortfall in respect of amounts payable by or resulting from any 
withholding or deduction or for any payment on account of tax or duties required to be made by the 
Issuer on or in relation to any sum received by it with respect to the Loan Receivables under the 
Assignment Agreement which may affect payments made by the Loan Originator with respect to the Loan 
Receivables under the Assignment Agreement, save to the extent that it has received additional amounts 
with respect to the Loan Receivables under the Assignment Agreement in respect of such withholding or 
deduction or payment. The Issuer shall, furthermore, not be obliged to take any actions or measures as 
regards such deduction or withholding or payment, other than those set out in the Assignment 
Agreement. 
The obligations of the Issuer in respect of the Securities rank pari passu without any preference among 
themselves, as well as with respect to all general, direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer and without any preference among themselves and at least pari passu with any present 
or future obligation. 
Save as otherwise expressly provided herein, no proprietary or other direct interest in the Issuer’s right under or 
in respect of the Assignment Agreement and the corresponding Loan Receivables exists for the benefit of the 
Securityholder. No Securityholder will have any entitlement to enforce the Assignment Agreement or direct 
recourse to the Loan Originator except through action by the Distributor pursuant to the relevant authority 
granted to the Distributor in the Client Agreement. The Issuer shall not be required to take any step, action or 
proceedings to enforce payment with respect to the Loan Receivables under the Assignment Agreement unless it 
has been indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded by the Securityholder to its satisfaction. 
The obligations of the Issuer under the Securities shall be solely to make payments of amounts in aggregate 
equivalent to each sum received by or for the account of the Issuer2 from the Loan Originator in respect of 
principal, interest or any other amounts relating to the Loan Receivables. Accordingly, all payments to be made 
by the Issuer under the Securities will be made only from and to the extent of such sums received or recovered 
by or on behalf of the Issuer. The Securityholder shall look solely to such sums for payments to be made by the 
Issuer under the Securities as the obligation of the Issuer to make payments in respect of the Securities will be 
 
2 After the deduction or withholding of such taxes or duties as may be required to be made by the Issuer by law in respect of such sum or in 
respect of the Securities.

--- Page 52 ---
51 
limited to such sums. The Securityholder will have no further recourse to the Issuer or any of the Issuer’s other 
assets (including the Issuer’s rights with respect to any Loan Receivables relating to any other Series of Securities) 
in respect thereof. In the event that the amount due and payable by the Issuer under the Securities exceeds the 
sums received or recovered, the right of any person to claim payment of any amount exceeding such sums shall 
be extinguished, and the Securityholder may take no further action to recover such amounts. 
The Securityholder must therefore rely solely and exclusively upon the covenant to pay under the Assignment 
Agreement and the credit and financial standing of the Loan Originator, and no other assets of the Issuer will be 
available to the Securityholder. 
12.3. PURPOSE OF THE ISSUE OF THE SECURITIES 
The sole purpose of the issue of the Securities is to fund the acquisition of the Loan Receivables. The Securities 
constitute the obligation of the Issuer to apply the proceeds from the issue of the Securities solely for financing 
the acquisition and to account to the Securityholder for an amount equivalent to sums of principal, interest and 
additional amounts (if any) actually received by or for the account of the Issuer in accordance with the Assignment 
Agreement. 
12.4. THE LOAN RECEIVABLES 
The Securities shall be covered by the Loan Receivables payable by the Loan Originator. Prior to the issuance of 
each Series of Securities the Issuer shall purchase the Loan Receivables, which represents the claim rights towards 
the Loan Originator for the repayment of the Loan in such amount that fully corresponds to the amount of the 
Securities that are to be issued within the particular Series of Securities.  
The Loan Receivables shall serve as the assets that are backing the Securities. The Loan Originator shall never 
borrow more than 95% of the outstanding amount of the value of the Underlying Portfolio. As a result, at least 
5% of the Underlying Portfolio shall be financed using its own funds. This is done to ensure that the Loan 
Originator’s interests are aligned with the interests of the Securityholder.  
The Loan Receivables are governed by the laws of Latvia and any disputes arising in relation to Loan Receivables 
shall be settled exclusively by the courts of Latvia in accordance with laws of Latvia. 
12.4.1. Securities backed by Loan Receivable 
All Securities that are linked to a certain Loan Receivable are equal and have the same ISIN, cash flow, Nominal 
Value, Maturity Date as well as other characteristics and are interchangeable between each other. If two or more 
Securityholders have purchased Securities that are linked to the same Loan Receivable, all of them shall receive 
the same cash flows proportional to their share (proportion) of the number of the Securities purchased, because 
each Security represents a relatively small portion of the Loan Receivable. As a result, the Securities are linked to 
individual Loan Receivable.  
12.4.2. Link between the Security and the respective Loan Receivable 
Certain characteristics and behaviour of the Securities like start date and end date, as well as cash flows shall be 
linked to the Loan Receivable. If the Loan Receivable is paid in full or in part, the same is done by the Issuer with 
respect to the Securities that are linked to the corresponding Loan Receivable. The same applies to a delay of the 
repayment of the Securities. If the repayments of the Loan Receivable are delayed or extended, then a 
corresponding delay or extension of the repayment of the Securities takes place. 
12.5. TYPE, CLASS, FORM, DENOMINATION, REGISTER, TITLE AND TRANSFERS 
12.5.1. Type and class 
The Securities are asset-backed debt securities and are not divided into classes.

--- Page 53 ---
52 
12.5.2. Form 
The Securities will be unlisted and traded over the counter (OTC) by the Distributor on the Website and issued in 
registered and book-entry form. The register of transactions is kept by the Distributor. 
12.5.3. Denomination 
The aggregate amount of the Securities issued within the scope of this Base Prospectus shall not exceed 
EUR 30 000 000 at any given time. The Securities shall be issued and sold to the Securityholder at the Issue Price 
that is equal to the Nominal Value, which is EUR 1.00, unless stated otherwise in the Final Terms. A single Security 
cannot be split among several Securityholders and can be owned by a single Securityholder only and, thus, the 
minimum amount to invest is EUR 1.00. There are no limitations on the amount of the Securities that a single 
Securityholder can have.  
12.5.4. Register 
The Distributor shall record in the names and addresses of the holders of the Securities, particulars of the 
Securities and all transfers and redemptions thereof in its records. In these Terms and Conditions of the Securities, 
the “holder” of a Security means the person in whose name such Security is for the time being registered in the 
relevant Register. 
12.5.5. Title 
The Securityholder shall (except as otherwise required by law) be treated as the absolute owner of such Security 
for all purposes. A transfer of the Securities shall be executed without charge by the Issuer, but upon the payment 
to the relevant Securityholder any tax or other governmental charges may be imposed in relation to it.  
12.5.6. Transfers 
The Securities may be transferred among different Securityholders on the Platform after their Issue Date. Such 
sale of Securities shall be executed based on a bulletin board principle, where selling and purchasing interests of 
the Securityholder are published. The orders of the Securityholder are not matched by the Distributor.  
12.6. INTEREST RATE 
The Interest rate of the Security shall be fixed and independent from the interest rates of the Loan Receivables 
and shall be defined within the relevant Final Terms. Each Security bears an Annual Interest Rate (as defined in 
the Final Terms) on its outstanding principal amount, which may differ from, but not be higher than the annual 
interest rate of the relevant Loan Receivable. The Interest on the Securities is paid by the Issuer to the 
Securityholder in the following events (the “Interest Payment Date”): 
a. according to Schedule (scheduled amounts); 
b. in case of early repayment (proportionate to the repaid amount). 
The payment dates of interest to the Securityholder are structured in a way to mirror the scheduled interest 
payments of the Loan Receivable to which the particular Security is linked to. Early partial and early full repayment 
of the principal of the Loan Receivables can trigger a corresponding repayment of the Interest on the Securities. 
12.6.1. Interest payment dates 
With respect to business days no adjustments are made. Cash flows that fall due on holidays will be paid on 
previous business day for the actual usage time, which will be compensated in the next month. 
Up-to-date individual payment schedules of the Loan Receivables are available on the Securityholder’s profiles on 
the Website. 
12.6.2. Accrual of Interest and calculations 
Interest shall accrue on the unpaid principal amount of the Security up to, but excluding, the due date for 
redemption in the manner provided in the Final Terms of the particular Security.

--- Page 54 ---
53 
12.7. MATURITY AND REDEMPTION 
12.7.1. Maturity 
The Maturity Dates (as defined in the Final Terms) of the Securities are structured in a way to match the maturity 
of the Loan Receivable to which the Security is linked to ensure that the Securities mirror the behaviour of the 
Loan Receivables.  
The maturity of the Loan Receivables can change over time, if the Loan Originator uses the option to extend the 
Loan. As a result, the term of the Securities might change over time. 
12.7.2. Scheduled Redemption 
The repayment of the Securities shall be made subject to the repayment of the relevant Loan Receivables to which 
the Securities are linked to. Whenever the Issuer receives a scheduled repayment of the principal of any of the 
Loan Receivable, the amount shall be distributed equally among all the Securities backed by the corresponding 
Loan Receivable.  
12.7.3. Early Mandatory Redemption 
The Security part related to the Loan shall be repaid in full or in part (as might be the case), if (i) the Loan 
Receivables cease to exist, (ii) an early full or partial repayment of Loan principal is made by the Loan Originator. 
12.7.4. Early Voluntary Redemption 
The Issuer may redeem all or some of the outstanding Securities in full or in part before their respective Maturity 
Date at the Early Redemption Amount. The Issuer must not give a notice to the Securityholder. 
12.7.5. Redemption at the option of the Securityholder 
Redemption at the option of the Securityholder is not applicable. 
12.8. PAYMENTS AND CASH FLOWS 
The uninvested amounts of the investors shall be held in a separate bank account of the Distributor. Upon the 
sale of the Security, the relevant amount of the funds of the investor shall be transferred to the Issuer or to the 
person indicated by the Issuer, in particular to the Lender as the Issuer is obliged to transfer the funds to the 
Lender as per the Assignment Agreement. The Lender then shall use the funds to disburse the Loan to the Loan 
Originator.  
Payments in respect of the repayment of the Securities shall be made only in such amounts that are equivalent 
to the sums actually paid by the Loan Originator by way of principal or additional amounts to the Loan Receivables, 
and will be made pro-rata among all the Securityholders, on the date of, and in the currency of, and subject to 
the conditions attaching to, the corresponding repayment by the Loan Originator in accordance with the Loan 
Agreement and the Assignment Agreement. If the Loan Originator fails to make the payment, the Issuer shall not 
be obliged to make a corresponding repayment of the Securities until it has received the funds from the Loan 
Originator. 
The Issuer shall not be liable to make any payment in respect of the Securities other than as expressly provided 
herein. The Issuer shall not be under any obligation to exercise in favour of the Securityholder any rights of set-
off or of banker’s lien or to combine accounts or counterclaim that may arise out of other transactions between 
the Issuer, the Loan Originator and the Underlying Borrower or any affiliate. 
The Distributor shall act as a payment agent on behalf of the Lender and the Issuer to manage the cash flow and 
payments between the Issuer, the Lender and the Loan Originator subject to such arrangements being supported 
by the involved banks. 
All such payments, where the Distributor acts as a payment agent shall be executed by the Distributor 
immediately, but no later than within 3 business days after the day of receiving the incoming funds (unless agreed 
otherwise by the parties) to make the corresponding outgoing payment, where the following order takes place:

--- Page 55 ---
54 
a. 
Funds from the investors are collected prior the purchase of the Securities; 
b. Issue Price is transferred to the Issuer after the Securities are issued; 
c. 
Assignment Fee is transferred to the Lender after the Issue Price is received by the Issuer; 
d. Loan is disbursed to the Loan Originator after the Assignment Fee is received by the Lender; 
e. Loan Receivables are transferred to the Issuer after the Loan is repaid by the Loan Originator; and 
f. 
The Securities are repaid to the Securityholders after the Loan Receivables are received by the Issuer. 
12.8.1. Currency 
Securities shall be issued and all payments on the Securities shall be made by the Issuer in EUR. 
12.8.2. Payments 
All payments on the Securities shall be made by the Issuer to the Securityholder by way of a bank transfer from 
the Issuer to the Distributor, who maintains separate client account and the Register and holds the funds on 
behalf of the Securityholder. No direct payments between the Issuer and the Securityholders shall take place. 
12.8.3. Issuer’s Obligations arising from the Securities 
In each case where amounts of principal, interest and additional amounts (if any) are stated to be payable in 
respect of a Series of Securities, the Issuer has an obligation to make any such payment to the Securityholder only 
if and in such amount as the corresponding payment has been received and retained (net of tax and all other 
deductions whatsoever) by the Issuer from the Loan Receivables. The Issuer will have no other financial obligation 
under the Securities. 
Except as set forth herein, payments in respect of the Securities will be made without any deduction or 
withholding for, or on account of, the taxes of any relevant jurisdiction, except as required by the laws of Latvia 
(see Section 11 “TAXATION” herein). 
12.9. SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
12.9.1. Subscription 
The Distributor maintains an investment platform for (i) the Issuer to offer and sell the Securities to the 
Securityholders pursuant to the Distribution Agreement and (ii) the Securityholders to purchase, hold and sell the 
Securities on the Platform to other Securityholders pursuant to the Client Agreement. 
The investors can subscribe to a specific Series until it is fully subscribed (i.e., the subscriptions have reached the 
Aggregate Nominal Value) by reserving the desired amount of the Securities on the Distributor’s platform. At this 
point the investor’s funds shall be reserved (in full amount with respect to the reserved amount) by the Distributor 
until the Securities are issued and the funds released to the Issuer. Any transfer of funds between the parties shall 
take place by way of bank transfer. 
The subscription period for each Series is set for the same calendar date, when it becomes available for 
subscription. However, if the Series are not fully subscribed during this calendar day, then only the subscribed 
part is issued to the investors at 00:00:01 GMT+2 (during standard time) of the next calendar day. The remaining 
amount of the Aggregate Nominal Value remains available at the next calendar day and this cycle continues until 
the specific Series are fully subscribed. The results of the offer (including the amount of the Securities allotted) 
shall be made available to the investors in their accounts on the Distributor’s platform after the end of the 
subscription period. No dealing may begin before notification is made. 
The Distributor or the Issuer can at any time reduce or cancel the subscription to the Series without coordinating 
it with the investors of the Distributor or the Securityholders. In this case the investors of the Distributor or the 
Securityholders are refunded in the full amount paid for the Securities. 
Subject to the terms and conditions contained in the Distribution Agreement between the Issuer, the Lender and 
the Distributor, the Securities will be periodically offered by the Issuer to the investors on the Platform. Any 
agreement for the sale of Securities will, inter alia, make provision for: 
a. 
the form and terms and conditions of the relevant Securities; 
b. whether the placement of the Securities is available only over-the-counter on the Website;

--- Page 56 ---
55 
c. 
the price at which such Securities will be offered by the Distributor; 
d. the commissions or other agreed deductibles (if any) which are payable or allowable by the Issuer in 
respect of such subscription and; 
e. the form of any indemnity to the Distributor against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and 
sale of the relevant Securities. 
The Securities may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale 
on the Platform. The Distribution Agreement entitles the Distributor to terminate any agreement that they make 
to subscribe for the Securities in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Securities being made to the 
Issuer. There are no pre-emption rights linked to the Series and the Securities. 
12.9.2. Role and Liability of the Distributor 
The Client Agreement contains provisions for the indemnification of the Distributor and for its relief from 
responsibility in certain circumstances, including provisions relieving it from taking proceedings to enforce 
payment unless indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction, and to be paid its costs and 
expenses in priority to the claims of the Securityholder. In addition, the Distributor is entitled to enter into 
business transactions with the Issuer, the Loan Originator and any entity relating to the Issuer, the Loan Originator 
without accounting for any profit and obtaining any consent from the Securityholder. 
The Distributor shall have regard to the general interests of the Securityholder as a class but shall not have regard 
to any interests arising from circumstances particular to individual Securityholder. Further, the Distributor shall 
not have regard to the consequences of any such exercise for individual Securityholders resulting from their being 
for any purpose domiciled or resident in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any 
particular territory or any political sub-division thereof. The Distributor shall not be entitled to require, nor shall 
any Securityholder be entitled to claim, from the Issuer, the Distributor or any other person any indemnification 
or payment in respect of any tax consequence of any such exercise upon individual Securityholders except to the 
extent already provided for in this Base Prospectus. 
12.9.3. Fees 
The Distributor shall receive a fee for its services from the Loan Originator as well as is entitled to any other 
remuneration for its work and services provided to other parties. The fee paid by the Loan Originator to the 
Distributor for its services with respect to the issue of the Securities shall be expressed as a fixed percentage rate 
from the total outstanding amount of the Securities issued by the Issuer. 
12.9.4. Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Securities shall be prescribed and become void unless 
made within three (3) years as from the date on which payment in respect thereof first becomes due. 
12.10. 
ISSUER'S COVENANTS 
So long as any of the Securities remain outstanding, the Issuer will not, without the prior written consent of the 
Distributor, agree to any amendments to or any modification of, or waiver of the terms of the Assignment 
Agreement. Any such amendment, modification or waiver made with the consent of the Distributor shall be 
binding on the Securityholder and any such amendment or modification shall be notified by the Issuer to the 
Securityholder. 
Save as provided above, so long as any Security remains outstanding, the Issuer shall not, inter alia: 
a. incur any other indebtedness for borrowed money (other than issuing further Securities and/or creating 
or incurring further obligations relating to such Securities and issues of Securities on a limited recourse 
basis for the sole purpose of acquiring the Loan Receivables); 
b. engage in any business (other than entering into the Programme and issuing Securities thereunder or on 
a standalone basis from time to time for the sole purpose of acquiring the Loan Receivables in accordance 
with the Assignment Agreement and its appendixes, entering into related agreements and transactions 
(including derivatives on a limited recourse basis) and performing any act incidental or necessary in 
connection with any of the foregoing);

--- Page 57 ---
56 
c. 
declare any dividends; 
d. have any subsidiaries; 
e. purchase, own, lease or otherwise acquire any real property (including office premises or alike facilities); 
f. 
consolidate or merge with any other person; 
g. 
convey or transfer its properties or assets substantially as an entity to any person (otherwise than as 
contemplated in these Terms and Conditions of the Securities); 
h. issue any shares (other than those existing at the date of the Base Prospectus); 
i. 
give any guarantee or assume any other liability; or 
j. 
subject to the laws of Latvia, petition for any winding-up or bankruptcy. 
12.11. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer reserves the right from time to time without the consent of the Securityholder to create and issue 
further Series (or batches of existing Series) within the scope of this Base Prospectus, as well as other prospectuses 
confirmed by the BoL in the future. Further Series of Securities (or batches of existing Series) within the scope of 
this Base Prospectus will: 
a. 
be equivalent and replaceable with respect to the Securities of that existing Series; 
b. have the same terms and conditions as the Securities of that Series except for the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount, the Issue Date, the Issue Price, the Interest Accrual Periods, the first Interest Payment Date and 
the first Redemption Date; and 
c. 
be consolidated and form a single Series with that existing Series, and references in the terms and 
conditions to the Securities shall be construed accordingly. 
The right of the Issuer from time to time without the consent of the Securityholder to create and issue further 
Series, includes also the Issuer’s right to issue other instruments according to the prospectuses and transaction 
documents for other loan originators. 
12.12. 
NOTICES 
Any notice or other communication to be made under or in connection with the Securities to the Securityholder 
shall be published on the Website and/or otherwise in accordance with the provisions of the laws of Latvia. A 
notice will be deemed to be made on the day of its publication (in case of more than one publication, on the day 
of the first publication). 
12.13. 
MEETINGS OF THE SECURITYHOLDERS 
The issuance of Securities described in this Base Prospectus does not provide for the right of the Securityholders 
to establish a representative body nor does it authorize an organization or a person to represent all or part of the 
interests of the Securityholders, however, such rights, if executed, are subject to the respective legal framework 
set forth in the laws of Latvia. 
12.14. 
TAXATION 
All payments in respect of the Securities by the Issuer shall be made without withholding or deduction for, or on 
account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature, unless 
the withholding or deduction of the taxes is required by the laws of Latvia. In such case the Issuer shall withhold 
the tax from the payment to the Securityholder and pay the amount net of tax. 
12.15. 
GOVERNING LAW AND DISPUTE SETTLEMENT 
12.15.1. Governing law  
The Securities are created and issued in accordance with the laws of Latvia.

--- Page 58 ---
57 
12.15.2. Dispute settlement 
Any disputes relating to or arising in relation to the Securities shall be settled solely by the courts of Latvia of 
competent jurisdiction in accordance with the laws of Latvia. 
12.16. 
RIGHTS ATTACHED TO THE SECURITIES 
The Securities will bear interest from (and including) the day the Securityholder buys the specific Security at a rate 
specified in the Final Terms. The interest is payable on a monthly basis considering these Terms and Conditions 
of the Securities. The Securityholder has the right to sell the security to other Securityholders on the Platform 
considering the Terms and Conditions of the Securities.  
12.17. 
DEFINITIONS 
The following definitions apply throughout the Terms and Conditions the Securities and the Base Prospectus (capitalised terms that are not 
defined in this section will have the meaning given to them in other parts of the Terms and Conditions of the Securities, the Final Terms or 
elsewhere in the Base Prospectus):  
Aggregate Nominal Value 
the sum of the Nominal Values of the Securities issued within a Series; 
Assignment Agreement 
an assignment agreement concluded by and between the Issuer (as the 
assignee) and the Lender (as the assignor) with respect to the Loan 
Receivables arising out of the Loan Agreement. The Assignment 
Agreement is part of the overall Transaction Documents; 
Assignment Fee 
the payment (i.e., an assignment fee) that the Issuer shall pay to the 
Lender for the Loan Receivables in accordance with the Assignment 
Agreement; 
Base Prospectus 
this document; 
BoL 
the Bank of Latvia (in Latvian - Latvijas Banka); 
Client Agreement 
an agreement concluded by and between the Distributor and the 
Securityholder with respect to the purchase of the Securities and the rules 
governing the Platform; 
Delegated Regulation 
Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019 supplementing the 
Prospectus Regulation as regards the format, content, scrutiny and 
approval of the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to 
the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing 
Commission Regulation (EC) No 809/2004; 
Distribution Agreement 
a distribution agreement concluded by and between the Issuer, the 
Lender and the Distributor with respect to the distribution of the 
Securities; 
Distributor 
the legal entity specified as “Distributor” in Section 12.1.1 of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Securities; 
Early Redemption Amount 
the amount that is paid by the Issuer to the Securityholder in case if the 
Issuer redeems the Securities prior to the Maturity Date and that is equal 
to the sum of the outstanding principal and accrued interest of the 
Securities at the date of the early redemption; 
EEA 
the European Economic Area; 
EUR 
the official currency of the European Union; 
Final Terms 
any duly completed final terms in the form set out in Section 13 FORM OF 
THE FINAL TERMS of the Base Prospectus and including the necessary 
information concerning the Issuer and the Securities offered to the 
public;

--- Page 59 ---
58 
Financial Instruments Market Law 
Financial Instrument Market Law (in Latvian – Finanšu instrumentu tirgus 
likums) of Latvia, adopted on 20 November 2003; 
Interest 
the interest on the Securities that is paid by the Issuer to the 
Securityholders and that is defined in the Final Terms as Annual Interest 
Rate. The payment dates of interest to the Securityholders are structured 
in a way to mirror the payment of interest of the Loan Receivable to which 
the particular Securities are linked to; 
ISIN 
International Securities Identification Number; 
Issue Date 
the issue date of the Securities being the date on which the Securities are 
first made available for subscription as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
Issue Price 
the price at which the Securities are issued by the Issuer, as defined in the 
Final Terms; 
Issuer 
the legal entity specified as “Issuer” in Section 12.1.1 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Securities; 
IT 
information technology; 
Latvia 
the Republic of Latvia; 
LEI 
legal entity identifier; 
Lender 
SIA TWINO Finance, incorporated and registered as a limited liability 
company (in Latvian – sabiedrība ar ierobežotu atbildību) in the 
Commercial Register of Enterprises of Latvia on 15 February 2022 with 
the unified registration number: 40203380408. It is organised and 
operating pursuant to the laws of Latvia and has been established for an 
indefinite period of time. The registered address and office of the Lender 
is at: 30 Terbatas Street, Riga, LV-1011, Latvia and its telephone number 
is: +371 67 799 997; 
Loan 
the principal amount of the business loan granted and disbursed by the 
Lender to the Loan Originator in accordance with the Loan Agreement, 
where the overall Loan may be disbursed in several individual Loans and 
with different maturities all as defined in the Loan Agreement;  
Loan Agreement 
a business loan agreement concluded by and between the Lender (as a 
lender) and the Loan Originator (as a borrower) with respect to the Loan; 
Loan Originator 
Vamo Lending Inc., is registered with the Philippines’ Securities and 
Exchange 
Commission 
with 
Company 
Registration 
Number 
CS20200000915 and carrying special licence for lending activities under 
Certificate of Authority Number 3261. A legal entity, which on the basis 
of the Underlying Agreements issues the Underlying Loans to the 
Underlying Borrowers; 
Loan Receivables 
the claim rights of the Lender towards the Loan Originator arising out of 
the Loan Agreement; 
Management Board 
a management board of the capital company, pursuant to Article 145 of 
Commercial Law (in Latvian – Komerclikums) of Latvia; 
Maturity Date 
the maturity date of the Securities that is defined in the Final Terms; 
Member States 
the Member States of the European Union; 
MIFID II 
Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments and amending Directive 
2002/92/EC and Directive 2011/61/EU;

--- Page 60 ---
59 
Nasdaq CSD SE 
Nasdaq CSD SE, incorporated and registered in the Commercial Register 
of Enterprises of Latvia on 9 January 1995 with the unified registration 
number: 40003242879. It is organised and operating pursuant to the laws 
of Latvia and has been established for an indefinite period of time. The 
registered address and office of the Nasdaq CSD SE is at: 1 Valnu Street, 
Riga, LV-1050, Latvia; 
Nominal Value 
the nominal value of the Securities, which shall be in the amount of 
EUR 1.00, unless stated otherwise in the Final Terms; 
Platform 
an electronic platform as a technical solution owned by the Distributor 
and available on the Website where Securities and other investment 
services and financial instruments are sold to the Securityholders; 
PHP 
the currency of Philippines – Philippine Pesos; 
Philippines 
the Republic of Philippines; 
Prospectus Regulation 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are 
offered to the public of admitted to trading on a regulated market, and 
repealing Directive 2003/71/EC; 
Register 
an electronic register maintained by the Distributor, where information 
about the following is recorded:  
a. 
the names and addresses of the holders of the Securities; 
b. the particulars of the Securities; and; 
c. 
all transfers and redemptions of the Securities by the Securityholder. 
Securities 
asset-backed securities issued or to be issued under the Programme; 
Securityholder 
investor that has purchased and, thus, holds the Security or Securities and 
is recorded in the Register. The “holder” of a Security means the person 
in whose name such Security is for the time being registered in the 
Register. A holder of the Security for the time being.  
Series 
series of the Securities, which shall be issued periodically in several series 
by the Issuer. Each Series shall have a unique ISIN number, its own Final 
Terms and shall be linked to a specific Loan Receivable;  
Target Market 
the target market of the Securities – eligible counterparties, professional 
clients and retail clients, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (MiFID 
II); 
Transaction Documents 
documentation and agreements related to or connected with the 
issuance of the Securities including, but not limited to: 
a. 
the Loan Agreement; 
b. the Assignment Agreement;  
c. 
the Distribution Agreement; and 
d. and other agreements.  
The Transaction Documents may consist of a single or several separate 
agreements (legal documents) depending on the case; 
Underlying Agreement 
a consumer loan agreement concluded between the Loan Originator (as 
a lender) and the Underlying Borrower (as a borrower) with respect to 
the Underlying Loan; 
Underlying Borrowers 
consumers to whom the Loan Originator has granted the Underlying Loan 
according to the terms of the Underlying Agreements;

--- Page 61 ---
60 
Underlying Loans 
consumer loans granted by the Loan Originator to the Underlying 
Borrower according to the terms of the Underlying Agreements; 
Underlying Portfolio 
the Underlying Loans, including any ancillary claims, that are pledged in 
favour of the Lender according to the pledge agreement;  
VAT 
value added tax; 
Website 
the 
website 
branded 
as 
‘TWINO’ 
and 
referring 
to 
the 
domain https://www.twino.eu.

--- Page 62 ---
61 
13. FORM OF THE FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Series of Securities issued under the 
Base Prospectus. The completed Final Terms for each Series, described in the Base Prospectus as the “Final Terms” 
will be published on the Website.  
FINAL TERMS DATED [•] 
SIA TWINO Investments Poland 
(a limited liability company incorporated and registered in the Republic of Latvia  
with the unified registration number: 40203380395, LEI: 984500BDTE51D13B6879) 
Issue of up to [•] Securities under the Programme in reference to the Base Prospectus, dated [•] 
PART A – INFORMATION CONCERNING THE LOAN RECEIVABLES 
Obligor: [•] 
Country: [•] 
Loan amount: [•] 
Loan term: [•] 
Nominal Interest Rate: [•] 
Collateral: [•] 
PART B – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used in these Final Terms have been prepared for the purpose of Article 8(4) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Securities is only available on the basis of the combination of 
the Final Terms when read together with the Base Prospectus, dated 30  August 2023, as approved by the Bank 
of Latvia on [•], including any supplements thereto. The Base Prospectus has been or will be, as the case may be, 
published on the website of AS TWINO Investments (www.twino.eu). A summary of the individual issue of the 
Securities is annexed to these Final Terms. 
Terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings specified in the Terms and Conditions of the 
Securities and in the Issue Specific Terms and Conditions of the Securities, in each case as set out in the Base 
Prospectus (together, the “Terms and Conditions”). 
1. Issue number: [•] 
2. ISIN: [•] 
3. Form: registered and book-entry 
4. Specified Currency: EUR 
5. Annual Interest Rate: [•] 
6. Aggregate Nominal Value: EUR [•] 
7. Nominal Value: EUR 1.00 
8. Issue Price: EUR 1.00 per Security 
9. Issue Date (DD/MM/YYYY): [•] 
10. Interest Commencement Date: Issue Date of the Security 
11. Maturity Date (DD/MM/YYYY): [•] 
12. Type of Securities: Asset-backed Securities

--- Page 63 ---
62 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
Scheduled redemption: The repayment of the Security shall be made subject to the repayment of the Loan 
Receivable. Whenever the Issuer receives a scheduled repayment of any Loan Receivables that are linked to 
specific Securities, an equivalent repayment of the latter takes place. The final repayment date of the Security 
may differ in case of an early repayment of Loan Receivables or a term extension. The table below presents the 
planned repayment schedule of the Loan Receivables: 
No. 
Payment Type 
Date 
Amount 
1 
[Principal / Interest / Other] 
[DD/MM/YYYY] 
[EUR …] 
2 
[Principal / Interest / Other] 
[DD/MM/YYYY] 
[EUR …] 
3 
[Principal / Interest / Other] 
[DD/MM/YYYY] 
[EUR …] 
[…] 
[…] 
[…] 
[…] 
[…] 
[…] 
[…] 
[…] 
PART C – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. Ratings 
The Securities to be issued have not been rated. 
2. Operational information 
a. Delivery of the Securities: Delivery versus payment (DVP) 
There are no specific time limits set for the validity of the payment. The Securityholder shall pay the 
Nominal Value to receive the Security. 
b. Banks, where the main accounts relating to issue of the Series are held: 
Legal name: AS Citadele banka 
Registration No. 40103303559 
Legal address: 2A  Republikas laukums, Riga, LV-1050, Latvia 
SWIFT code: PARXLV22 
Legal identifier (LEI): 2138009Y59EAR7H1UO97 
FATCA GIIN: 6RIMNU.00000.SP.428 
AS Citadele banka is regulated by the Bank of Latvia. 
3. Distribution 
a. Total commission and concession: 
No fees of commissions are applicable to the Securityholder.