--- Page 1 ---
SIA “Storent Holdings” 
(incorporated with limited liability and registered in the Republic of Latvia with registration number 
40203174397) 
 
Programme for the Issuance of Notes 
in the Amount of EUR 15,000,000 
 
Under this Programme for the Issuance of Notes in the Amount of EUR 15,000,000 (the “Programme”) described in this base 
prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) SIA “Storent Holdings”, a private limited company (in Latvian – sabiedrība ar ierobežotu 
atbildību) incorporated in and operating under the laws of the Republic of Latvia, registered with the Commercial Register of 
the Republic of Latvia under registration number: 40203174397 and having its legal address at Matrožu iela 15A, Riga, LV-
1048 (the “Issuer” or the “Company”), may issue and offer from time to time in one or several series (the “Series”) non-
convertible unsecured and guaranteed (conditionally) notes denominated in EUR, having maturity up to 5 (five) years and with 
fixed interest rate (the “Notes”). Each Series may comprise one or more tranches of Notes (the “Tranches”). The maximum 
aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not at any time exceed EUR 
15,000,000. 
Any Notes issued under the Programme on or after the date of this Base Prospectus are issued in accordance with the 
provisions described herein. 
To the extent not set forth in this Base Prospectus, the specific terms of any Notes will be included in the relevant final terms 
(the “Final Terms”) (a form of which is contained herein). This Base Prospectus should be read and construed together with 
any supplement hereto and with any other documents incorporated by reference herein, and, in relation to any Tranche of 
Notes and with the Final Terms of the relevant Tranche of Notes. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared in connection with the offering and listing of the Notes pursuant to the requirements 
of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”), the Financial Instruments Market Law (in Latvian - Finanšu 
instrumentu tirgus likums) and the Commission Delegated Regulation No 2019/980/EU (the “Delegated Regulation”), in 
particular the Annexes 6, 14 and 21 thereof. The Bank of Latvia (in Latvian – Latvijas Banka), as competent authority under 
the Prospectus Regulation, has approved this Base Prospectus and has notified the approval of the Base Prospectus to the 
competent authority in Lithuania (the Bank of Lithuania (in Lithuanian - Lietuvos Bankas) and Estonia (the Estonian Financial 
Supervision Authority (in Estonian – Finantsinspektsioon). The Bank of Latvia only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting 
the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval 
should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer nor as an endorsement of the quality of any Notes that are the 
subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes.  
This Base Prospectus is valid for a period of twelve months from the date of approval. The obligation to supplement the Base 
Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies does not apply when the Base 
Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Application will be made to Akciju sabiedrība “Nasdaq Riga”, registration number: 40003167049, legal address: Vaļņu 1, Riga, 
LV- 1050, Latvia (“Nasdaq Riga”) for admitting each Tranche to listing and trading on the official bond list (the Baltic Bond 
List) of Nasdaq Riga according to the requirements of Nasdaq Riga not later than within 3 (three) months after the Issue Date 
of the respective Tranche. Nasdaq Riga is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 
2014/65/EU, as amended (“MiFID II”). 
The Notes shall be issued in the bearer dematerialised form and registered with Nasdaq CSD SE, registration number: 
40003242879, legal address: Vaļņu 1, Riga, LV-1050, Latvia (the “Depository”) in book-entry form. Investors may hold the 
Notes through participants of the Depository, including credit institutions and investment brokerage firms. 
The Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the U.S. Securities Act 1933 (as amended) (the “Securities Act”), 
or with any securities regulatory authority of any state of the United States. This Base Prospectus or the Final Terms are not 
to be distributed to the United States or in any other jurisdiction where it would be unlawful. The Notes may not be offered, 
sold, pledged or otherwise transferred, directly or indirectly, within the United States or to, for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act (the “Regulation S”), except to a person who is not a U.S. Person 
(as defined in Regulation S) in an offshore transaction pursuant to Regulation S. 
Investment in the Notes to be issued under the Programme involves certain risks. Prospective investors should carefully 
acquaint themselves with such risks before making a decision to invest in the Notes. The principal risk factors that may affect 
the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes are discussed in Section “Risk Factors” below. 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 25 May 2023

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT ............................................................................................................ 3 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION ................................................................................................................. 4 
DISTRIBUTION OF THE BASE PROSPECTUS AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS .............................. 5 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION ......................................................... 6 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS ................................................................................................... 7 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ..................................................................................................... 8 
RISK FACTORS ................................................................................................................................... 10 
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ................................................................... 22 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS .................................................................................................................... 33 
OFFERING OF THE NOTES ................................................................................................................ 35 
USE OF PROCEEDS ............................................................................................................................ 42 
INFORMATION ABOUT THE GROUP ................................................................................................. 43 
INFORMATION ABOUT THE GROUP’S BUSINESS OPERATIONS ................................................. 47 
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE ...................................................................................................... 49 
ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BODIES ................................................. 51 
SHAREHOLDERS ................................................................................................................................ 53 
SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION ............................................................... 54 
FINANCIAL AND TREND INFORMATION .......................................................................................... 62 
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION .............................................................................................................. 64 
INFORMATION ABOUT THE GUARANTEE AND THE GUARANTOR .............................................. 65 
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................ 71 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................. 73 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .......................................................................... 75 
ANNEXES ............................................................................................................................................. 76 
ANNEX I – GUARANTEE ..................................................................................................................... 78

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT  
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation 
and for the purpose of giving information with regard to the Issuer, the Issuer and its direct and indirect 
subsidiaries taken as a whole (the “Group”) and the Notes which, according to the particular nature of the 
Issuer and the Notes, is necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and 
liabilities, financial position and profit and losses of the Issuer. 
The Issuer, represented by the members of its Management Board, accepts responsibility for the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus and in any Final Terms which complete this Base Prospectus for each 
Tranche of Notes issued hereunder and declares that, to the best of its knowledge, the information contained 
in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and that the Base Prospectus does not omit anything 
likely to affect the import of such information. 
 
Management Board of SIA “Storent Holdings”: 
 
___________________________ 
Chairman of the Management Board  
Andris Pavlovs 
 
 
___________________________ 
Member of the Management Board 
Erī Esta 
 
AS “Storent Investments”, a public limited company (in Latvian – akciju sabiedrība) incorporated in and 
operating under the laws of the Republic of Latvia, registered with the Commercial Register of the Republic of 
Latvia under registration number 40103834303 and having its legal address at Matrožu iela 15A, Riga, LV-
1048, represented by its member of the Management Board, consents to exchange of the existing notes of AS 
“Storent Investments” (ISIN: LV0000802411 with maturity on 19 October 2023) with the Notes, as specified in 
the Section “Offering of the Notes” of this Base Prospectus. 
 
Management Board of AS “Storent Investments”: 
 
___________________________ 
Member of the Management Board  
Andris Pavlovs 
 
 
This document is signed electronically with secure electronic signatures containing time stamps.

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
No person is authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in this Base 
Prospectus and any information or representation not so contained must not be relied upon as having been 
authorised by or on behalf of the Issuer. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in 
connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in 
the affairs of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most 
recently amended or supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of the 
Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended 
or supplemented or that the information contained in it or any other information supplied in connection with the 
Notes is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated 
in the document containing the same. 
Neither this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms nor any other information supplied in connection with the 
offering of the Notes (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be 
considered as a recommendation by the Issuer that any recipient of this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms or 
any other information supplied in connection with the offering of the Notes should purchase any Notes. Each 
investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent investigation of the financial 
condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer. Neither this Base Prospectus 
nor any other information supplied in connection with the offering of the Notes constitutes an offer or invitation 
by or on behalf of the Issuer, to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
Each potential investor in the Notes must make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the 
Notes. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and 
risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained in this Base Prospectus; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its overall 
investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's 
currency; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant financial 
markets; and 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or 
regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether 
and to what extent (i) Notes are legal investments for it, (ii) Notes can be used as collateral for various types 
of borrowing and (iii) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should 
consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under 
any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
The Notes are governed by Latvian law and any disputes arising in relation to the Notes shall be settled 
exclusively by the courts of the Republic of Latvia in accordance with Latvian law.

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
 
DISTRIBUTION OF THE BASE PROSPECTUS AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms may in certain jurisdictions be restricted by law, 
and this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms may not be used for the purpose of, or in connection with, any 
offer or solicitation by anyone in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorised or to any 
person to whom it is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation. No actions have been taken to register or 
qualify the Notes, or otherwise to permit a public offering of the Notes, in any jurisdiction other that the Republic 
of Latvia, the Republic of Lithuania and the Republic of Estonia. The Issuer expects persons into whose 
possession this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes to inform themselves of and observe all such 
restrictions. The Issuer does not accept any legal responsibility for any violation by any person, whether or not 
a prospective purchaser of the Notes is aware of such restrictions. In particular, this Base Prospectus and any 
Final Terms may not be sent to any person in the United States, Australia, Canada, Japan, Hong Kong, 
Singapore, Russia, Belarus or any other jurisdiction in which it would not be permissible to deliver the Notes, 
and the Notes may not be offered, sold, resold, transferred or delivered, directly or indirectly, in or into any of 
these countries.  
Furthermore, this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms may not be addressed to any person who are Russian 
or Belarusian nationals or natural persons residing in Russia or Belarus or any legal persons, entities or bodies 
established in Russia or Belarus. The latter shall not apply to nationals of a Member State of the European 
Union, of a country member of the EEA or of Switzerland, or to natural persons having a temporary or 
permanent residence permit in a Member State of the European Union, in a country member of the EEA or in 
Switzerland within the meaning of Council Regulation (EU) No 833/2014 of 31 July 2014 (as amended), and 
nationals of a Member State of the European Union or natural persons having a temporary or permanent 
residence permit in a Member State of the European Union within the meaning of Council Regulation (EC) No 
765/2006 of 18 May 2006 (as amended). 
The Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the U.S. Securities Act 1933 (as amended) (the 
“Securities Act”), or with any securities regulatory authority of any state of the United States. This Base 
Prospectus or the Final Terms are not to be distributed to the United States or in any other jurisdiction where 
it would be unlawful. The Notes may not be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred, directly or indirectly, 
within the United States or to, for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the 
Securities Act (the “Regulation S”), except to a person who is not a U.S. Person (as defined in Regulation S) 
in an offshore transaction pursuant to Regulation S. 
The Bank of Latvia (in Latvian – Latvijas Banka), as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation, 
has approved this Base Prospectus and has notified the approval of the Base Prospectus to the competent 
authority in Lithuania (the Bank of Lithuania (in Lithuanian - Lietuvos Bankas) and Estonia (the Estonian 
Financial Supervision Authority (in Estonian – Finantsinspektsioon). However, in relation to each member state 
of the European Economic Area (the “EEA”) (except the Republic of Latvia, the Republic of Lithuania and the 
Republic of Estonia), the Issuer represents that it has not made and will not make any public offer of Notes 
prior to that EEA member state’s authority receiving a certificate of approval of the Bank of Latvia attesting that 
the Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation together with a copy 
of the Base Prospectus. 
Accordingly, any person making or intending to make an offer within the EEA of Notes which are the subject 
of an offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms (other than the offer of Notes 
in the Republic of Latvia, the Republic of Lithuania and the Republic of Estonia) may only do so in 
circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the 
Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in 
each case, in relation to such offer. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS: The Notes have a fixed rate of interest and the redemption amount 
is fixed as described in the Base Prospectus. Accordingly, no key information document pursuant to Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) has been prepared by the Issuer.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
Rounding 
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, 
figures shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as totals 
in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
Currencies  
In this Base Prospectus, financial information is presented in euro (EUR), the official currency of the European 
Union Member States in the Eurozone. 
Date of information  
This Base Prospectus is drawn up based on information which was valid as of the date of the Base Prospectus. 
Where not expressly indicated otherwise, all information presented in this Base Prospectus (including the 
consolidated financial information of the Group, the facts concerning its operations and any information on the 
markets in which it operates) must be understood to refer to the state of affairs as of the aforementioned date. 
Where information is presented as of a date other than the date of the Base Prospectus, this is identified by 
specifying the relevant date. 
Certain publicly available information 
Certain statistical data and other information appearing in this Base Prospectus have been extracted from 
public sources identified in this Base Prospectus. The Issuer does not accept responsibility for the factual 
correctness of any such statistics or information, but the Issuer accepts responsibility for accurately extracting 
and transcribing such statistics and information and believes, after due inquiry, that such statistics and 
information represent the most current publicly available statistics and information from such sources at the 
dates and for the periods with respect to which they have been presented. The Issuer confirms that all such 
third-party information has been accurately reproduced and, so far as the Issuer is aware and has been able 
to ascertain from that published information, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading. 
Websites 
Information contained in any website referred to herein does not form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus includes statements that are, or may be deemed to be, “forward-looking statements”. 
These forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, including the 
terms “believes”, “estimates”, “plans”, “projects”, “anticipates”, “expects”, “intends”, “may”, “will” or “should” or, 
in each case, their negative or other variations or comparable terminology, or by discussions of strategy, plans, 
objectives, goals, future events or intentions. These forward-looking statements include all matters that are not 
historical facts. They appear in a number of places throughout this Base Prospectus and include, but are not 
limited to, statements regarding the Group’s or the Issuer’s intentions, beliefs or current expectations 
concerning, among other things, the Group’s results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, prospects, 
growth, strategies and the industry in which the Group operates. 
By their nature, forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty because they relate to future events 
and circumstances. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and the financial 
position and results of operations of the Group, and the development of the markets and the industries in which 
members of the Group operate, may differ materially from those described in, or suggested by, the forward-
looking statements contained in this Base Prospectus. In addition, even if the Group’s results of operations 
and financial position, and the development of the markets and the industries in which the Group operates, 
are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this Base Prospectus, those results or 
developments may not be indicative of results or developments in subsequent periods. A number of risks, 
uncertainties and other factors could cause results and developments to differ materially from those expressed 
or implied by the forward-looking statements. See Section “Risk Factors” below. 
These forward-looking statements are made only as of the date of this Base Prospectus. Except to the extent 
required by law, the Issuer is not obliged to, and does not intend to, update or revise any forward-looking 
statements made in this Base Prospectus whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 
All subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements attributable to the Issuer, or persons acting on the 
Issuer's behalf, are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained throughout this 
Base Prospectus. As a result of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, a prospective purchaser of the 
Notes should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, 
the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the General Terms and Conditions of any particular 
Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. This overview must be read as an introduction in conjunction 
with the other parts of the Base Prospectus (including any documents incorporated therein). Any decision to 
invest in the Notes should be based on a consideration by the investor of the Base Prospectus as a whole.  
Words and expressions defined in the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes below or elsewhere in this 
Base Prospectus have the same meanings in this overview. 
This overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of the 
Delegated Regulation. 
Issuer: 
SIA “Storent Holdings” 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 
984500D9LC6F3BB9F323 
Programme Limit: 
Up to EUR 15,000,000 aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding 
at any one time. 
Risk Factors: 
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. The 
principal risk factors that may affect the ability of the Issuer to fulfil its 
obligations under the Notes are discussed in Section “Risk Factors” below. 
Method of Issue: 
The Notes shall be issued in Series. Each Series may comprise one or 
more Tranches of Notes. The Notes of each Tranche will all be subject to 
identical terms, except that the Issue Dates and the Issue Prices thereof 
may be different in respect of different Tranches. 
Form of the Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in dematerialized form and book-entered with 
Nasdaq CSD SE. 
Status and Security: 
The Notes constitute direct, unsecured and guaranteed (conditionally) 
obligations of the Issuer ranking pari passu without any preference among 
each other and with all other unsecured, guaranteed and unsubordinated 
indebtedness of the Issuer, save for such obligations as may be preferred 
by mandatory provisions of law. 
Guarantee: 
For the purpose of guaranteeing due and timely payment, discharge and 
performance of the Notes, a conditional guarantee will be established in 
favour of the Noteholders by the Subsidiary of the Issuer, SIA “Storent”, a 
limited liability company registered with the Register of Enterprises of the 
Republic of Latvia under registration number 40103164284. 
Currency: 
EUR 
Denomination: 
The nominal amount of each Note shall be specified in the Final Terms. 
Issue Price: 
The Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or a 
premium to their nominal amount. 
Minimum Investment Amount: 
The Notes will be offered for subscription for a minimum investment 
amount that will be specified in the Final Terms. 
Interest: 
The Notes will bear interest at a fixed annual interest rate as specified in 
the Final Terms. 
Maturity: 
The Notes shall be repaid in full at their nominal amount on the date which 
will be specified in the Final Terms. Each Series of Notes may have a 
maturity up to 5 (five) years. 
Listing: 
Application will be made to Nasdaq Riga for admitting each Tranche to 
listing and trading on the official bond list (the Baltic Bond List) according 
to the requirements of Nasdaq Riga not later than within 3 (three) months 
after the Issue Date of the respective Tranche. 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes by the Issuer shall be made without 
withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes,

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
 
duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature 
(“Taxes”), unless the withholding or deduction of the Taxes is required by 
laws of the Republic of Latvia. In such case, the Issuer shall make such 
payment after the withholding or deduction has been made and shall 
account to the relevant authorities in accordance with the applicable laws 
for the amount so required to be withheld or deducted. The Issuer shall 
not be obligated to make any additional compensation to the Noteholders 
in respect of such withholding or deduction. 
Rating: 
Neither the Issuer, nor the Notes have been assigned any credit ratings at 
the request or with the co-operation of the Issuer in the rating process. 
Governing Law: 
Latvian law. 
Dispute Resolution: 
Any disputes relating to or arising in relation to the Notes shall be settled 
solely by the courts of the Republic of Latvia of competent jurisdiction. 
Selling Restrictions: 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of 
Notes and on the distribution of the Base Prospectus in the United States 
of America, the EEA, UK, the Republic of Latvia, the Republic of Lithuania, 
the Republic of Estonia and other jurisdictions, see Section “Distribution 
of the Base Prospectus and Selling Restrictions”.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Prospective investors are advised to carefully consider the risk factors and other information provided in this 
Base Prospectus. Investing in the Notes involves certain risks including but not limited to the risks described 
herein.  
The Issuer believes that if one or more of the risk factors described herein emerges, it could have a negative 
effect on the Issuer’s business operations, financial position and/or business results and, thereby, the Issuer’s 
ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes as well as the market price and value of the Notes. If these risks 
were to lead to a decline in the market price of the Notes, prospective investors could lose all or part of their 
investment.  
The risks and uncertainties described herein are the risks which the Issuer has deemed material; however, 
they are not the only factors affecting the Issuer’s activities. Therefore, the Issuer does not claim that the 
statements below regarding the risks of acquiring and/or holding any Notes are exhaustive. Also, other factors 
and uncertainties than those mentioned herein, which are currently unknown or deemed immaterial, could 
negatively affect the Issuer’s business operations, financial position and/or business results and, thereby, the 
Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes as well as the market price and value of the Notes. 
Most of these risk factors are contingencies which may or may not occur and the Issuer is not in a position to 
assess or express a view on the likelihood of any such contingency occurring. 
The most material risk factors have been presented at the beginning in each category. The order of 
presentation of the remaining risk factors in each category in this Base Prospectus is not intended as an 
indication of the probability of their occurrence or of their potential effect on the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its 
obligations under the Notes. 
All investors should make their own evaluations of the risks associated with an investment in the Notes and 
should consult with their own professional advisers if they consider it necessary. 
Macroeconomic and Political Risks 
Negative economic developments in the countries in which the Group operates may affect the Group’s 
operations and customers 
Economic slowdown or a recession, regardless of its depth, or any other negative economic developments in 
the countries in which the Group operates may affect the Group’s business in a number of ways, including 
among other things, the income, wealth, liquidity, business and/or financial position of the Group, its customers 
and its suppliers. Moreover, possible weakness in the global economy may put additional financial stress on 
the Group’s customers, which may negatively impact the Group’s ability to collect its receivables fully or in a 
timely manner, which, in turn, could require the Group to contribute additional capital or obtain alternative 
financing to meet its obligations under any financing arrangements. Further, the Group may not be able to 
utilise the opportunities created by the economic fluctuations and the Group may not be able to adapt to a 
long-term economic recession or stagnation. 
Although the Group’s results of operations have increased over the last years, the Group could, nevertheless, 
be impacted by the uncertainty in the global economy. Although the Group’s management believes that the 
Group’s capital structure and credit facilities will provide sufficient liquidity, there can be no assurance that the 
Group’s liquidity and access to financing will not be affected by changes in global economy or that its capital 
resources will, at all times, be sufficient to satisfy its liquidity needs.  
Materialisation of any of the above risks could adversely affect the Group’s asset values, future cost of debt 
and access to bank and capital market financing, which could, in turn, have an adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects and thereby, on the Group’s ability to 
fulfil its obligations under the Notes, as well as the market price and value of the Notes. 
The Group's estimate of the risk is high. 
Exposure of business results to geopolitical events 
On 24 February 2022, Russia launched a military assault on Ukraine. This has led to significant volatility in the 
global credit markets and on the global economy. 
The Baltics are former members of the Soviet Union and members of NATO and the European Union. There 
is speculation that they may become targets of Russian military action. Latvia may be at particular risk given 
its large ethnic Russian minority (24.5 per-cent of the total population of Latvia as at the beginning of 2021, 
according to the government of Latvia’s 2021 Demography Report) and its borders with Russia and Belarus.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
 
In addition, the Russia's invasion of Ukraine could lead to disruption, instability and volatility in global markets 
and industries. The U.S. government and other governments across the rest of the world have imposed severe 
economic sanctions and export controls against Russia and Russian interests and Belarus, several of the 
Russia's largest banks have been removed from the SWIFT system, and additional sanctions may be imposed 
as the situation in Ukraine progresses. The impact of these measures, as well as potential responses to them 
by Russia, is unknown. 
Although, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, the restrictive measures imposed have had no material 
impact on the Group’s performance - no operations have been suspended and no significant direct losses 
related to the restrictive measures have been incurred. To mitigate further potential risks relating to exposure 
of the Group’s business to Russia, the Group is currently contemplating to sell or otherwise dispose all equity 
interest owned by AS “Storent Investments” in Storent OOO, a Group company that is registered in and 
operates only in Kaliningrad region, a Russian exclave between Poland and Lithuania, and in 2022 made 
approximately EUR 964,960 in sales (2 per-cent of total sales of the Group). The Group has not entered into 
any significant agreement with companies in Russia, Belarus, or Ukraine, which could have a material negative 
impact on the Group's operations. However, as new packages of sanctions are being imposed, that could 
possibly lead to the inclusion of the Group's existing partners or their shareholders in the sanctions list, there 
is still a risk, that implementation of some contracts is suspended. 
An additional impact on the Group's financial results could be caused by the general deterioration of the 
economic situation. 
There is also a risk, that due to the rapidly changing environment other aspects related to geopolitical events 
may arise that are not currently identified but may affect the Group's business results. 
The Group's estimate of the risk is high. 
Construction and industrial equipment rental market growth depends on related industries 
The Group operates in the construction and industrial equipment rental services markets which is subject to 
continuous development in the Group’s current and potential future geographical market areas. Rental market 
development is closely related to the construction market and therefore the development of the construction 
market significantly affects the demand for the Group’s services. Demand from the public sector may fluctuate 
as a result of economic cycles. In addition, the construction industry consists of different subsectors: residential 
construction, non-residential construction, renovation construction and infrastructure construction. The 
industry is exposed to cyclical fluctuations. Individual subsectors do not, however, show similar trends 
simultaneously, but have different growth patterns. In addition, there are differences between various 
geographical markets. 
Adverse construction and rental market development and absence of market growth may have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects and 
thereby, on the Company’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes, as well as the market price and value 
of the Notes. 
The Group's estimate of the risk is medium. 
Risks Related to Business Operations 
The capital-intensive nature of the Group’s operations requires significant capital expenditures and 
may limit the Group’s ability to react to changes in market circumstances 
The Group’s operating model is to own and lease the rental fleet and focus on the optimisation of the fleet 
utilisation. The wear of the fleet and potential growth requires significant capital expenditures and thus strong 
cash flow, as well as available external financing. The capital-intensive asset base of the Group’s business 
operations may limit the Group’s ability to react to unexpected disadvantageous changes in market 
circumstances, due to the limited opportunities to quickly adjust its rental fleet. Therefore, disadvantageous 
changes in the equipment demand, as well as unfavourable terms of financing or unavailability of financing 
may have a material disadvantageous effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations 
and future prospects and, thereby, on the Company’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes, as well as 
the market price and value of the Notes. 
The Group's estimate of the risk is medium.

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
 
The Group’s corporate acquisitions and asset purchases in outsourcing arrangements may not 
integrate successfully or integration may require more resources than estimated 
The Group’s expansion and business development are partly based on corporate acquisitions. Unless the 
Group is able to integrate the companies or assets possibly to be acquired in the future into its own operations 
successfully, its ability to expand its operations and to operate efficiently may weaken. In particular, integration 
of the personnel originating from various business environments and corporate cultures, as well as integration 
of fleet management, various sales systems and other technologies, reporting practices and management of 
business relations may be expected to give rise to challenges. 
Although, the Group aims to mitigate the risks related to corporate acquisitions through careful advance 
preparations and systematic monitoring, it cannot be guaranteed that the Group will be able to integrate the 
functions of its strategic acquisitions smoothly into its business operations. As a consequence, actual sales 
volumes and price levels may vary significantly from predicted volumes and levels. Costs caused by the 
integration may also be considerably higher than estimated or the integration process may require more 
management’s resources than estimated, which may temporarily impair the development of other operations. 
In addition, projects may not be realised as expected.  
Materialisation of any of the risks above may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial 
position, results of operations and future prospects and, thereby, on the Company’s ability to fulfil its obligations 
under the Notes, as well as the market price and value of the Notes. 
The Group's estimate of the risk is medium. 
Increased competition in the equipment rental industry may have an adverse effect on the profitability 
of the Group’s operations 
The rental solutions industry is characterised by intense competition. Success in intensely competitive markets 
is based on various factors, such as prices, product and service selection, product quality, customer service, 
location of depots, advertising and brand value, as well as availability of credit. It cannot be guaranteed that 
the Group will be able to compete successfully against its current or possible new competitors, including 
vendors and equipment manufacturers, in the future. The competitor’s activities, such as launching new service 
concepts, innovations in pricing, improvements in promotional and marketing activities and business 
strategies, may reduce the Group’s sales or profitability or increase costs, which may in turn have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial position, results of operations and future prospects and, 
thereby, on the Company’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes, as well as the market price and value 
of the Notes. 
The Group's estimate of the risk is medium. 
Failure to attract qualified personnel or loss of key employees may affect the profitability of the Group’s 
operations 
To remain competitive and able to implement its strategy, the Group needs to hire and retain sufficient numbers 
of highly skilled employees with expertise in all of the Group’s business operations. A portion of this 
competence is held by certain key persons who are of particular importance in ensuring that the Group retains 
and develops its competitiveness. A positive development of the future business activities of the Group will 
depend on the continued employment of such key employees and the Group’s continued ability to hire the 
required number of skilled employees trained for the industry. If current personnel cannot be retained or the 
Group fails in recruiting necessary personnel and key persons, this may have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s business, financial position, results of operations and future prospects and, thereby, on the Company’s 
ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes, as well as the market price and value of the Notes. 
The Group's estimate of the risk is medium. 
Seasonal fluctuations or severe weather conditions may affect the construction industry which 
represents a significant part of the Group’s sales 
The Group’s business largely depends on the activity of the construction markets, which are sensitive to 
seasonal fluctuations. The Group’s operations, via demand for rental equipment, are exposed to weather 
conditions, especially to winter conditions, facilitating seasonal fluctuations in business volumes. Exceptional 
seasonal fluctuations, such as unusually long (cold and/or snowy) winters, may have a material adverse effect 
on the Group’s business, financial position, results of operations and future prospects and, thereby, on the 
Company’ ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes, as well as the market price and value of the Notes. 
The Group's estimate of the risk is medium.

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
 
 
The Group’s operations are dependent on information technology services and solutions and thereby 
subjected to risks related to system failures and service interruptions 
The Group’s enterprise resource planning, rental operations, fleet management, financial, human resources 
and risk management functions are highly dependent on information systems and on the Group’s ability to 
operate them efficiently and to introduce new technologies, systems as well as safety and back-up systems. 
The Group’s operations are highly dependent on the integrity, safety and stable operation of its information 
systems. Such information systems include telecommunication systems, as well as software applications, 
which the Group uses to control business operations, manage its fleet and risks, create operating and financial 
reports and to execute treasury operations, as well as manage risks. The operation of the Group’s information 
systems may be interrupted because of, among other things, power cuts, computer or telecommunication 
errors, computer viruses, defaults by IT suppliers, crime targeted at information systems or major disasters, 
such as fires or nature disasters, as well as user errors committed by the Group’s own staff. Material 
interruptions or serious errors in the operation of the information systems may considerably impair and weaken 
the Group. The Group may also face difficulties when developing new systems and maintaining or updating 
current systems in order to maintain its competitiveness. Materialisation of any of the risks above may have a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial position, results of operations and future prospects 
and, thereby, on the Company’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes, as well as the market price and 
value of the Notes. 
The Group's estimate for the risk is medium. 
Brand risks 
The Group’s name holds a great significance for both, its business operations and implementation of its 
strategies. Maintenance and positioning of the Group’s brands are highly dependent on the success of 
marketing and promotional activities, as well as the Group’s ability to produce services with a uniformly high 
quality. Brands may lose their value as a consequence of negative publicity associated with the brands or with 
the Group. The risks related to brands are also increased by the growth of low-price brands and the local 
nature of many brands. It is impossible fully to foresee consumer behaviour between different brands. Impaired 
visibility or reputation of one or more important brand names of the Group or negative publicity may have a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial position, results of operations and future prospects 
and, thereby, on the Company’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes, as well as the market price and 
value of the Notes. 
The Group's estimate of the risk is medium. 
The Group’s equipment fleet originate to a large extent from suppliers; the risks relating to domestic 
and international commerce may have an adverse effect on the Group’s operations 
The Group purchases and leases rental equipment both from domestic and foreign suppliers. The Group’s 
success is dependent on finding reliable suppliers and non-delayed equipment deliveries, for which reason 
equipment is procured from various different suppliers. Therefore, the Group is exposed to risks relating to 
purchasing and leasing, particularly, from foreign entities, which include, among other things, financial and 
political instability in the Group’s operating countries, international crisis situations, as well as acts of war or 
terrorist attacks targeted to the operating countries and the origin countries of the equipment, increase in freight 
costs and delays in and interruptions of transports, industrial actions and strikes, unfavourable volatility of 
currency rates, legislation having an effect on the import trade of the operating countries, possible financial, 
political or employment-related instability in the operating countries or the origin countries of the equipment, 
expropriations and nationalisations, changes in local administration or administrative practices, trade and tax 
legislation and local business practices. Any of the factors described above or their combinations may have a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects 
and, thereby, on the Company’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes, as well as the market price and 
value of the Notes. 
The Group's estimate of the risk is medium. 
Failure to manage and optimise rental fleet has an adverse effect on profitability 
In order to operate efficiently, the Group must maintain sufficient equipment fleet. However, the Group must 
also avoid accumulation of excess fleet. Seasonal variations affect the demand for rental items and 
consequently, the fleet volume. In order to optimise the utilisation of the fleet in relation to the demand, the 
Group sells and purchases rental equipment. The trading requires that efficient secondary markets exist for 
the equipment. Absence of, or diminished, secondary market may have an adverse effect on the possibility to

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
 
optimise the equipment fleet. Essential for the Group’s fleet optimisation is a continuously successful 
assessment of the time utilisation of the current fleet and the demand for new fleet in order to determine the 
Group’s need for additional investments. Although, the Group continuously manages and aims to optimise the 
equipment fleet’s utilisation rates, possible disturbances in the equipment deliveries and/or failure to manage 
the fleet volume may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial position, results of 
operations and future prospects and, thereby, on the Company’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes, 
as well as the market price and value of the Notes. 
The Group's estimate of the risk is medium. 
Expansion and operations abroad may cause cultural and other difficulties 
The Group primarily operates in several European jurisdictions. The Group’s widespread business operations 
entail additional risks, such as different business cultures, lack of knowledge of local markets, changes in 
legislation and regulation, possible inconsistent interpretations or practices relating to legislation and 
regulation, administrative differences, inefficient and/or absent legal protection, labour-related matters and 
adverse tax implications. International operations require that the Group manages efficiently the above and 
other risks, such as challenges in different languages. Devaluation of currencies of the countries in which the 
Group operates, may have adverse effects on the Group’s operations in such countries. For instance, 
customers’ inclination and ability to use the Group’s services may decline. If any of the risks described above 
materialise, this may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of 
operations and future prospects and, thereby, on the Company’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes, 
as well as the market price and value of the Notes. 
The Group's estimate of the risk is low. 
The Group may not be able to implement its business strategy successfully or adapt it in response to 
changes in the operating environment 
The successful implementation of the Group’s business strategy depends upon a number of factors (for 
example, competitive conditions, technological changes, socio-economic factors, etc.), many of which are at 
least in part outside of the Group’s control. In addition, even if the Group succeeds in implementing its business 
strategy, this may not improve its results of operations. The Group may also decide to amend its business 
strategy and/or adapt it in response to changes in its operating environment. If the Group is unable to realise 
its strategy in a way which yields appropriate return on investment, its future growth and profitability may 
weaken. This may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial position, results of 
operations and future prospects and, thereby, on the Company’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes, 
as well as the market price and value of the Notes. 
The Group's estimate for of risk is low. 
A failure to meet the customers’ expectations or product liability requirements and standards may 
have an adverse effect on the Group’s net sales and brand value 
The Group’s products and services are designed to meet the expectations of the customers as regards their 
standard and quality. The Group’s products and services are also designed to satisfy the applicable legal and 
regulatory requirements, as well as the standards established by a number of regulatory and testing bodies. 
There can, however, be no assurance that the products and services of the Group will in all circumstances 
meet all of the aforementioned expectations and/or requirements. 
The Group's estimate of the risk is low. 
Lack of sufficient insurance cover 
Extensive insurance coverage forms an integral part of the Group’s risk management. The equipment rented 
by the Group is covered by a statutory product liability. Even though the Group especially takes into account 
product safety and quality control of its products by means of, among other things, auditions of the supplier 
chain and quality control of the products and services, it cannot be guaranteed that the risk relating to product 
safety would not materialise in the future. Materialisation of the risk relating to product safety may cause 
financial losses to the Group and reduce the value of the Group’s brand.  
The Group’s insurance policies are subject to exclusions of liability and limitations of liability both in amount 
and with respect to the insured loss events. The Group does not have insurance coverage for certain types of 
catastrophic losses, which are not insurable or for which insurance is unavailable on reasonable economic 
terms. In addition, there can be no assurance that the Group’s current insurance coverage will not be cancelled 
or become unavailable on reasonable economic terms in the future.

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
 
Materialisation of these risks may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial position, 
results of operations and future prospects and, thereby, on the Company’s ability to fulfil its obligations under 
the Notes, as well as the market price and value of the Notes. 
The Group's estimate of the risk is low. 
Management of agreements 
The Group’s business operations consist of a significant number of agreements in respect of equipment rental, 
sale and related services. Therefore, attention must be paid to the management of different agreements. The 
contents, risks and terms and conditions of all contracts and agreements are reviewed in accordance with 
specified processes. Materialisation of these risks may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, 
financial position, results of operations and future prospects and, thereby, on the Company’s ability to fulfil its 
obligations under the Notes, as well as the market price and value of the Notes. 
The Group's estimate of the risk is low. 
Financial Risks 
The Group’s continuously growing and developing operations require careful capital expenditure 
planning and working capital management 
Expansion of operations and increase in demand for the Group’s products and services require careful capital 
expenditure planning and optimisation, as well as working capital management. In case of unexpected level 
of demand fluctuations, tied-up capital may significantly render the Group’s level of profitability, as well as 
liquidity position. Failure of successful capital expenditure and working capital management may have a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial position, results of operations and future prospects 
and, thereby, on the Company’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes, as well as the market price and 
value of the Notes. 
The Group's estimate of the risk is high. 
Interest rate risk 
The Group is exposed to interest rate risk mainly through its interest-bearing debt. The interest rate risk 
exposure represents the uncertainty of profit of the Group due to changes in interest rates. An increase in the 
interest rate level would have a material adverse effect on the cost of financing and some of the current 
financing expenses of the Group. The Group carefully monitors the development of interest rates and actively 
seeks to hedge its position against changes in the interest rates. Despite these measures, fluctuations in 
interest rates or a failure to properly manage its position may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, financial position, results of operations and future prospects and, thereby, on the Company’s ability 
to fulfil its obligations under the Notes, as well as the market price and value of the Notes. 
The Group's estimate of the risk is medium. 
Financing risk 
Uncertainty in the financial market may mean that the price of the financing needed to carry out the Group’s 
business may increase and that financing may be less readily available. The Group aims to reduce the risk 
relating to the availability of financing by managing a balanced loan maturity distribution and by having 
sufficient committed credit limits with sufficiently long periods of validity at hand, by using many financial 
institutions and instruments to raise finance and by keeping a sufficient amount of cash funds. 
Although, the Group currently generates sufficient funds from operating cash flows to satisfy its debt service 
requirements and its capacity to obtain new financing is adequate, it is however possible, that the Group could 
– at any given point in time – encounter difficulties in raising funds and, as a result, lack the access to liquidity 
that it needs and there can be no assurance that the Group will be able to meet its financial covenants when 
required. Should any of the above factors materialise, this may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, financial position, results of operations and future prospects and, thereby, on the Company’s ability 
to fulfil its obligations under the Notes, as well as the market price and value of the Notes. 
The Group's estimate of the risk is medium. 
Liquidity risk 
Liquidity risk is the risk that existing funds and borrowing facilities become insufficient to meet the Group’s 
business needs or high extra costs are incurred for arranging them. The Group’s liquidity risk is mitigated by 
efficient cash management procedures and cash management structures.

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
 
Failure of successful liquidity management may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, 
financial position, results of operations and future prospects and, thereby, on the Company’s ability to fulfil its 
obligations under the Notes, as well as the market price and value of the Notes. 
The Group's estimate of the risk is medium. 
Credit and financial counterparty risk 
Credit risk is defined as the possibility of a customer not fulfilling its commitments towards the Group. The 
Group’s business units are responsible for credit risks related to sales activities. The business units assess 
the credit quality of their customers, by taking into account customer’s financial position, past experience and 
other relevant factors. When appropriate, advance payments, deposits, letters of credit and third-party 
guarantees are used to mitigate credit risks. The maximum credit risk equals the carrying value of trade 
receivables. 
Customer credit risks are diversified, as the Group’s trade receivables are generated by a large number of 
customers. The Group is keeping a close track of the different credit risk key performance indicators and has 
ready action plans in case the situation with credit risks worsens. The Group is closely monitoring credit risks 
and regularly makes provisions for risk in sales receivables.  
Financial counterparty risk is defined as the risk of banks/financial institutions not being able to fulfil their 
undertakings to the Group. These undertakings include all financial transactions where the cancellation of 
payments by the counterparty may result in a potential loss. The financial counterparty risk is minimised by 
selecting instruments with a high degree of liquidity and counterparties with a high credit ranking. The Group 
cooperates only with counterparties judged to be capable of meeting their undertakings to the Group. 
Failure of successful financial counterparty management may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, financial position, results of operations and future prospects and, thereby, on the Company’s ability 
to fulfil its obligations under the Notes, as well as the market price and value of the Notes. 
The Group's estimate of the risk is medium. 
Related party risks may negatively affect the Issuer 
The Group’s operations include dealings with related parties, which may include shareholders, their family 
members and shareholders’ controlled legal entities. Although the Company strives to apply arm’s length 
principle in transactions with related parties, there may be situation when a potential transaction has terms 
more in favour of the related party rather than the Group. In order to minimize any potential harm to the Group, 
the Company follows requirements of any applicable legal acts, as well as applies best practice principles. 
The Group's estimate of the risk is medium. 
Foreign exchange rate risk 
The Group is a multinational group operating in Northern and Eastern European countries. The largest foreign 
exchange currency transaction exposure derives from business operations in Sweden and Russia, where the 
Group is exposed to foreign exchange rate risks mainly caused by the fluctuations of the Swedish Krona (SEK) 
and the Russian Rouble (RUB).  
Fluctuations in currency exchange rates can affect the Group’s financial result. The effect of exchange rate 
fluctuations is visible when translating the net sales and financial results of the subsidiaries outside the euro 
zone into euros. Changes in the exchange rates may increase or decrease net sales or results, even though 
no real change has occurred. The Group’s business units hedge anticipated foreign currency denominated 
cash flows by taking into account the significance of such cash flows, the competitive situation and other 
possibilities to adjust. 
There can be no assurance that currency exchange rates could not in the future have a material adverse effect 
on the Group’s business, financial position, results of operations and future prospects and, thereby, on the 
Company’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes, as well as the market price and value of the Notes. 
The Group's estimate of the risk is low. 
Future changes in accounting standards may affect the Group’s financial position 
Future changes in the IFRS accounting standards could lead to increase in the reported gearing and decrease 
in the reported equity ratio of the Group. Therefore, potential future changes in IFRS accounting standards, as 
well as changes in other financial reporting standards, could have a substantial effect on the reported gearing 
and equity ratio of the Group. The amended standards may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
 
business, financial position, results of operations and future prospects and, thereby, on the Company’s ability 
to fulfil its obligations under the Notes, as well as the market price and value of the Notes. 
The Group's estimate of the risk is low. 
Taxation risks may have an adverse impact on the Issuer if materialised 
The Group’s taxation risk is related to changes in tax rates or tax legislation or possible erroneous or deviating 
interpretations, and the materialisation of the risk may lead to payment increases or sanctions imposed by the 
tax authorities, which may, in turn, result in financial losses. 
Changes in tax laws and regulations or their interpretation and application may increase the Group’s tax burden 
to a significant degree, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s financial position, results of 
operations and future prospects and, thereby, on the Company’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes, 
as well as the market price and value of the Notes. 
The Group's estimate of the risk is low. 
Pandemic risks may continue to negatively affect the Group 
Covid-19 or other pandemic outbreaks in the future may limit operations if the Group in one or several 
countries. Limitations imposed by governments to curb pandemics may also lead to inability of the Group to 
service its clients which would lead to loss in revenue and profitability.  
The Group's estimate of the risk is low. 
Legal and regulatory risks 
Sanctions risk 
The Group should comply with the Law on National Sanctions of the Republic of Latvia, as well as international 
sanctions (UN, EU, US). Russia's invasion of Ukraine has led to unprecedent EU and US government 
sanctions against Russian and Belarusian companies and individuals. As EU and US continue to impose new 
sanctions in response to Russia's military attack on Ukraine, it could possibly lead to the inclusion of the 
Group's existing partners or their shareholders in the sanctions list and subsequently some economic loss due 
to suspended contracts or projects. There is also a risk that something may go unnoticed due to the rapidly 
changing environment, as well as there is a risk that introduced additional checks performed by the banks may 
prolong the execution time of payments and jeopardize the concluded contractual obligations. 
Failure to comply with Latvian national sanctions or international sanctions (UN, EU, US) could have serious 
legal and reputational consequences for the Group, including exposure to fines as well as criminal and civil 
penalties. To mitigate this risk the Group has developed internal control system – a package of measures 
including activities to be taken to ensure compliance with sanctions requirements. 
The Group's estimate for the risk is high. 
The Group’s operations may involve legal and regulatory risks 
The Group has to comply with a wide variety of laws and regulations enacted on both European and national 
level, most notably increasing regulations restricting competitive trading conditions, health and safety 
regulations, environmental regulations, labour regulations, competition regulations and corporate and tax laws. 
Changes in the regulatory framework could require the Group to adapt its business activities, its assets or its 
strategy, possibly leading to a negative impact on its results, an increase in its expenses, and/or a slowing or 
even halting of the development of certain investment activities. In the normal course of its business activities, 
the Group could be involved in legal proceedings (for instance, regarding contractual responsibility, employers’ 
liabilities and/or penal issues) and is subject to tax and administrative audits. Should the Group be ordered to 
sanctions, it may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial position, results of 
operations and future prospects and, thereby, on the Company’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes, 
as well as the market price and value of the Notes. 
The Group's estimate of the risk is low. 
Increased environmental regulation and potential liability associated with environmental compliance 
may affect the cost of the Group’s operations 
The Group stores equipment and machinery, as well as uses and temporarily stores fuels and certain 
chemicals in jurisdictions in which it operates. This may contaminate soil, air, water and buildings, particularly 
in case of leakage or accident. Further, the Group may become liable to restore the condition of a real property

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
 
which was contaminated by the Group itself or the property’s previous user. In addition, the value of such real 
property may decrease. 
The management of environmental affairs and the effects of the Group’s operations on the environment are 
continuously monitored by means of internal monitoring and control programs. However, there can be no 
assurance that the Group will be able to manage its environmental affairs in accordance with applicable 
environmental laws and regulations, and any future environmental and health and safety laws that may be 
adopted may impose additional costs on the operations of the Group. If the Group were to be found guilty of 
an environmental offence, a fine could be imposed on the Group. Potential financial liability as a result of 
damage caused to the environment by the Group would depend on the severity of the actual damage.  
Materialisation of any of the risks above may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial 
position, results of operations and future prospects and, thereby, on the Company’s ability to fulfil its obligations 
under the Notes, as well as the market price and value of the Notes. 
The Group's estimate of the risk is low. 
Risks related to the Notes  
Possibility to forfeit interest and principal amount invested 
Should the Issuer become insolvent, legal protection proceedings or out-of-court legal protection proceedings 
of the Issuer are initiated during the term of the Notes, an investor may forfeit interest payable on, and the 
principal amount of, the Notes in whole or in part. An investor is always solely responsible for the economic 
consequences of its investment decisions. 
No security 
The Notes are unsecured debt instruments and the Noteholders would be unsecured creditors in the event of 
the Issuer’s insolvency. 
Risk that the Guarantee will be subject to certain limitation on enforcement and may be limited by the 
applicable law or subject to certain defenses that may limit its validity and enforceability 
The Guarantee (as defined in the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes) provide the Noteholders with a 
claim against the relevant Guarantor (as defined in the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes). However, 
the Guarantee will be limited to the maximum amount that can be guaranteed by the relevant Guarantor without 
rendering the respective Guarantee voidable or otherwise ineffective under the applicable law, and 
enforcement of the respective Guarantee would be subject to certain generally available defenses. 
In addition, the Guarantee will be conditional, i.e. it will become effective (i) in case under this Programme the 
Issuer issues the Notes at the aggregate principal amount of EUR 15,000,000 (fifteen million euros), and (ii) 
as of the date when the obligations under the existing notes of AS “Storent Investments”, registration number 
40103834303, (ISIN: LV0000802411 with maturity on 19 October 2023) are fully discharged, but no later than 
as of 19 July 2023.  
Enforcement of the Guarantee against the Guarantor will be subject to certain defenses available to the 
Guarantor in accordance with the applicable law. In general, laws and defenses include those that relate to 
corporate purpose or benefit, fraudulent conveyance or transfer, voidable preference, insolvency or bankruptcy 
challenges, financial assistance, preservation of share capital, thin capitalization, capital maintenance or 
similar laws, regulations or defenses affecting the rights of creditors generally. If one or more of these laws 
and defenses are applicable, the Guarantor may have no liability or decreased liability under the Guarantee 
depending on the amounts of its other obligations and applicable law.  
There is also a possibility that the entire Guarantee may be set aside, in which case the entire liability may be 
extinguished. If a court decides that the Guarantee was a preference, fraudulent transfer or conveyance and 
voids the Guarantee, or holds it unenforceable for any other reason, the Noteholders may cease to have any 
claim in respect of the Guarantor and would be a creditor solely of the Issuer and.  
The Notes will be guaranteed by the Guarantor which is organized and incorporated under the laws of the 
Republic of Latvia. In the event of an insolvency or similar event of the Guarantor, insolvency or similar 
proceedings could be initiated against the Guarantor according to the laws of the Republic of Latvia.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
 
The enforcement of the Guarantee will be subject to the procedures and limitations set out in the 
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
Even when the Guarantee is enforceable, the enforcement is subject to the procedures and limitations agreed 
in the General Terms and Conditions. Any enforcement of the Guarantee may be delayed due to the provisions 
of the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
Adverse change in the financial condition or prospects of the Issuer 
Any adverse change in the financial condition or prospects of the Issuer may have a material adverse effect 
on the liquidity of the Notes, and may result in a material decline in their market price. Such adverse change 
may result in a reduced probability that the Noteholders will be fully repaid on time. This provision concerns 
for the principal and interest amounts and/or any other amounts and items payable to the Noteholders pursuant 
to the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes from time to time. 
No limitation on issuing additional debt 
The Issuer is not prohibited from issuing further debt and create a security interest in favour of a third parties. 
If the Issuer incurs significant additional debt of higher or equivalent seniority with the Notes, it will increase 
the number of claims that would have a priority or would be equally entitled to receive the proceeds, including 
those related to the Issuer’s possible insolvency.  
Refinancing risk 
The Issuer may be required to refinance certain or all of its outstanding debt, including the Notes. The Issuer’s 
ability to successfully refinance its debt depends on the conditions of debt capital markets and its own financial 
condition. The Issuer’s inability to refinance its debt obligations on favourable terms, or at all, could have a 
negative impact on the Group’s operations, financial condition, earnings and on the Noteholders' recovery 
under the Notes. 
Since the Notes bear interest at a fixed interest rate, movements in market interest rates can adversely 
affect the value of the Notes 
The Notes bear interest on their outstanding principal amount at a fixed interest rate. A holder of a security 
with a fixed interest rate is exposed to the risk that the value of such security could fall as a result of changes 
in the market interest rate. While the nominal compensation rate of the Notes is fixed during the life of the 
Notes, the current interest rate on the capital market (market interest rate) typically changes on a daily basis. 
If the market interest rate increases, the value of a security such as the Notes typically falls, until the yield of 
such security is approximately equal to the market interest rate. If the market interest rate falls, the value of a 
security such as the Notes typically increases, until the yield of such a security is approximately equal to the 
market interest rate. Consequently, Noteholders should be aware that movements of the market interest rate 
can adversely affect the value of the Notes and can lead to losses for the Noteholders if they sell their Notes.  
The market price of the Notes may be volatile 
The market price of the Notes could be subject to significant fluctuations in response to actual or anticipated 
variations in the Group's operating results and those of its competitors, adverse business developments, 
changes to the regulatory environment in which the Group operates, changes in financial estimates by 
securities analysts and the actual or expected sale of a large number of the Notes, as well as other factors. In 
addition, in recent years the global financial markets have experienced significant price and volume 
fluctuations, which, if repeated in the future, could adversely affect the market price of the Notes without regard 
to the Group's results of operations, prospects or financial condition. Factors including increased competition 
or the Group's operating results, the regulatory environment, general market conditions, natural disasters, 
pandemics, terrorist attacks and war may have an adverse effect on the market price of the Notes. 
An active market for the Notes may not develop 
Although application(s) will be made for the Notes to be admitted to trading on Nasdaq Riga stock exchange, 
there is no assurance that such application(s) will be accepted and the Notes will be admitted to trading. In 
addition, admission of the Notes on a regulated market will not guarantee that a liquid public market for the 
Notes will develop or, if such market develops, that it will be maintained, and the Issuer is not under any 
obligation to maintain such market. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices 
that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. 
A lack of liquidity may have a material adverse effect on the market value of the Notes.

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
 
Fixed interest rate and inflation 
The Notes will bear interest on their outstanding principal at a fixed interest rate. A holder of a security with a 
fixed interest rate is exposed to the risk that the price of such security could fall as a result of changes in the 
market interest rate. Market interest rates follow the changes in general economic conditions, and are affected 
by, among many other things, demand and supply for money, liquidity, inflation rate, economic growth, central 
banks' benchmark rates, and changes and expectations related thereto. 
While the nominal compensation rate of a security with a fixed interest rate is fixed during the term of such 
security or during a certain period of time, market interest rates typically change continuously. In case market 
interest rates increase, the market price of such a security typically falls, until the yield of such security provides 
competitive risk-adjusted return. If market interest rates fall, the price of a security with a fixed interest rate 
typically increases, until the yield of such a security provides competitive risk-adjusted return. Consequently, 
the Noteholders should be aware that movements of market interest rates may result in a material decline in 
the market price of the Notes and can result in losses for the Noteholders if they sell the Notes. Furthermore, 
past performance of the Notes is not an indication of their future performance. 
Also, inflation may result in a decline of the market price of the Notes, as it decreases the purchasing power 
of a currency unit and respectively the received interest. 
Exchange rate risk 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in EUR. This presents certain risks relating to currency 
conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the 
“Investor's Currency”) other than EUR. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change 
(including changes due to devaluation of EUR or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that 
authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify currency exchange controls. 
An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to EUR would decrease the Investor's Currency-
equivalent: (i) yield on the Notes; (ii) value of the principal payable on the Notes; and (iii) market value of the 
Notes. 
No assurance on change of laws or practices 
The Notes are governed by the laws of the Republic of Latvia. Latvian laws (including but not limited to tax 
laws) and regulations governing the Notes may change during the life of the Notes, and new judicial decisions 
can be issued and/or new administrative practices be adopted. No assurance can be given as to the impact of 
any of such possible changes of laws or regulations, or new judicial decision or administrative practice taking 
place after the date of this Base Prospectus. Hence, such change may have a material adverse effect on the 
Issuer’s business, financial condition, results of operations and/or future prospects and, thereby, the Issuer’s 
ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes, as well as taxation of the Notes, and the market price of the 
Notes. Such events may also result in material financial losses or damage to the Noteholders. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or reviews 
or regulations by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisors to determine 
whether and to what extent: (i) the Notes constitute a legal investment from the part of the investor; (ii) the 
Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowings; and (iii) other restrictions apply to the purchase 
or pledge of the Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisors or the appropriate regulators 
to determine the appropriate treatment of the Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. If 
the Notes are not a suitable investment for an investor due to legislative or regulatory restrictions or 
requirements such as the above, this may incur financial losses or damages, among other things, to such 
investor. 
No voting rights 
Only the shareholders of the Issuer have voting rights in the shareholders meetings of Issuer. The Notes carry 
no such voting rights. Consequently, the Noteholders cannot influence any decisions by the Issuer’s 
shareholders concerning, for instance, the capital structure of the Issuer. 
Amendments to the Notes bind all Noteholders  
The General Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for Noteholders to consider matters 
affecting their interests generally. The decisions of Noteholders (including amendments to the General Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes), subject to defined majorities requirements, will be binding to all Noteholders, 
including Noteholders who did not vote and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. This

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
 
may cause financial losses, among other things, to all Noteholders, including the Noteholders who did not vote 
and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
Risks relating to the clearing and settlement in the Depository’s book-entry system  
The Notes will be affiliated to the account-based system of the Depository, and no physical notes will be issued. 
Clearing and settlement relating to the Notes will be carried out within the Depository's book-entry system as 
well as payment of interest and repayment of the principal. Investors are therefore dependent on the 
functionality of the Depository's account-based system.

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
 
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
1. 
Principal amount and issuance of the Notes 
1.1. 
Under this programme for the issuance of notes (the “Programme”) the Issuer may issue notes up to 
an aggregate principal amount of EUR 15,000,000 (fifteen million euros) (the “Notes”).  
1.2. 
The Notes shall be issued in series (the “Series”).  
1.3. 
Each Series may comprise one or more tranches of Notes (the “Tranches”). The Notes of each Tranche 
will all be subject to identical terms, except that the Issue Dates (as defined below) and the Issue Prices 
(as defined below) thereof may be different in respect of different Tranches. 
1.4. 
In order to identify each Series and Tranches, the Final Terms (as defined below) shall stipulate a serial 
number of the respective Series and a serial number of the respective Tranche.  
1.5. 
The terms and conditions of each Tranche shall consist of these general terms and conditions of the 
Notes (the “General Terms and Conditions”) and the final terms (the “Final Terms”). The General 
Terms and Conditions shall apply to each Tranche.  
1.6. 
Each Final Terms will be approved by the management board of the Issuer, published on the Issuer’s 
website www.storent.lv and submitted to the Bank of Latvia, which will forward them to the Bank of 
Lithuania (in Lithuanian - Lietuvos Bankas) and the Estonian Financial Supervision Authority (in Estonian 
– Finantsinspektsioon). 
1.7. 
The aggregate principal amount of a Tranche shall be specified in the Final Terms. Prior to allocation of 
the Notes to the holders of the Notes (the “Noteholders”) and subject to supplements or amendments 
to the Final Terms, the Issuer may increase or decrease the aggregate principal amount of a Tranche 
as set out in the Final Terms.  
1.8. 
The nominal amount of each Note will be specified in the Final Terms. 
1.9. 
The Notes will be offered for subscription for a minimum investment amount that will be specified in the 
Final Terms (the “Minimum Investment Amount”). 
2. 
Form of the Notes and ISIN 
2.1. 
The Notes are freely transferable non-convertible debt securities, which contain payment obligations of 
the Issuer towards the Noteholders. 
2.2. 
The Notes are dematerialized debt securities in bearer form which are disposable without any 
restrictions and can be pledged. However, the Notes cannot be offered, sold, resold, transferred or 
delivered in such countries or jurisdictions or otherwise in such circumstances in which it would be 
unlawful or require measures other than those required under Latvian laws, including the United States, 
Australia, Japan, Canada, Hong Kong, South Africa, Singapore, Russia, Belarus and certain other 
jurisdictions. In addition, the Noteholders are prohibited to resell, transfer or deliver the Notes to any 
person in a manner that would constitute a public offer of securities. 
2.3. 
The Notes shall be book-entered with Nasdaq CSD SE (registration number: 40003242879, legal 
address: Vaļņu 1, Riga, LV-1050, Latvia) (the “Depository”). 
2.4. 
A separate ISIN will be assigned to each Series, which will be different from ISIN of other Series. 
2.5. 
Before commencement of the offering of the Notes of the first Tranche of each Series, the Depository 
upon request of the Issuer will assign ISIN to the respective Series. Where a further Tranche is issued, 
which is intended to form a single Series with an existing Tranche at any point after the Issue Date of 
the existing Tranche, a temporary ISIN may be assigned to the Notes of such further Tranche, which is 
different from ISIN assigned to the relevant Series, until such time as the Tranches are consolidated and 
form a single Series. 
2.6. 
ISIN of the respective Series and a temporary ISIN of the respective Tranche, if applicable, will be 
specified in the Final Terms. 
3. 
Status and security 
3.1. 
The Notes constitute direct, unsecured and guaranteed (conditionally) obligations of the Issuer ranking 
pari passu without any preference among each other and with all other unsecured, unguaranteed and 
unsubordinated indebtedness of the Issuer, save for such obligations as may be preferred by mandatory 
provisions of law.

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
 
3.2. 
In case of insolvency of the Issuer, the Noteholders will be entitled to recover their investment on the 
same terms as other creditors in the respective claims’ group according to the applicable laws. Save for 
mandatory provisions of the applicable laws, there are no contracts or other transaction documents that 
would subordinate the claims of the Noteholders to other secured or unsecured liabilities of the Issuer. 
4. 
Guarantee 
4.1. 
In case under this Programme the Issuer issues the Notes at the aggregate principal amount of EUR 
15,000,000 (fifteen million euros), then due and timely payment, discharge and performance of the 
Notes by the Issuer shall be guaranteed to the Noteholders by the Issuer’s Subsidiary SIA “Storent”, a 
limited liability company registered with the Register of Enterprises of the Republic of Latvia under 
registration No. 40103164284, legal address: Zolitūdes iela 89, Riga, LV-1046, the Republic of Latvia 
(the “Guarantor”), as of the date when the obligations under the existing notes of AS “Storent 
Investments”, registration number 40103834303, (ISIN: LV0000802411 with maturity on 19 October 
2023) are fully discharged, but no later than as of 19 July 2023 (the “Guarantee”).  
4.2. 
The Noteholders have right to enforce the Guarantee pursuant to Clause 18 (Enforcement of the 
Guarantee) of these General Terms and Conditions.  
“Subsidiary” means a company: (i) in which the Issuer holds a majority of the voting rights; or (ii) of 
which the Issuer is a shareholder or participant and has the right to appoint or remove a majority of the 
members of the management board; or (iii) of which the Issuer is a shareholder or participant and 
controls a majority of the voting rights, and includes any company which is a subsidiary of a Subsidiary 
of the Issuer. 
5. 
Currency of the Notes 
The Notes will be issued in EUR.  
6. 
Issue price and yield 
6.1. 
The Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or a premium to their nominal amount 
(the “Issue Price”). The Issue Price shall be determined by the Issuer and specified in the Final Terms. 
6.2. 
The yield of each Tranche set out in the applicable Final Terms will be calculated as of the relevant Issue 
Date on an annual basis using the relevant Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield. 
7. 
Underwriting 
None of the Tranches will be underwritten. 
8. 
Issue date 
The issue date of each Tranche (the “Issue Date”) shall be specified in the Final Terms. 
9. 
Interest 
9.1. 
The Notes shall bear interest at fixed interest rate (the “Interest”) which shall be determined by the 
Issuer and specified in the Final Terms. 
9.2. 
The Interest shall be paid on the dates specified in the Final Terms (the “Interest Payment Date”) until 
the Maturity Date (as defined below). 
9.3. 
Interest shall accrue for each interest period from and including the first day of the interest period to (but 
excluding) the last day of the interest period on the principal amount of Notes outstanding from time to 
time. The first interest period commences on the Issue Date and ends on the first Interest Payment Date. 
Each consecutive interest period begins on the previous Interest Payment Date and ends on the 
following Interest Payment Date. The last interest period ends on the Maturity Date. 
9.4. 
Interest shall be calculated on 30E/360 basis. The interest payment shall be determined according to 
the following formula: 
CPN = F * C * n/360 where; 
CPN – amount of an interest in EUR; 
F – principal amount of Notes outstanding; 
C – annual interest rate payable on the Notes;

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
 
n – number of days since the Issue Date or the last Interest Payment Date (as applicable) calculated on 
30-day month basis. 
9.5. 
Interest on the Notes shall be paid through the Depository in accordance with the applicable rules of the 
Depository. The Noteholders list eligible to receive the interest on the Notes will be fixed at the end of 
the 5th (fifth) Business Day immediately preceding the Interest Payment Date 
9.6. 
Should any Interest Payment Date fall on a date which is not a Business Day, the payment of the interest 
due will be postponed to the next Business Day. The postponement of the payment date shall not have 
an impact on the amount payable. 
“Business Day” means a day on which the Depository system open and operational. 
10. 
Maturity date and principal payment 
10.1. The Notes shall be repaid in full at their nominal amount on the date which will be specified in the Final 
Terms (the “Maturity Date”), unless otherwise provided in these General Terms and Conditions. 
10.2. The principal of the Notes shall be paid through the Depository in accordance with the applicable rules 
of the Depository. The Noteholders list eligible to receive the principal of the Notes will be fixed at the 
end of the Business Day immediately preceding the payment of the principal of the Notes.  
10.3. Should the Maturity Date fall on a date which is not a Business Day, the payment of the amount due will 
be postponed to the next Business Day. The postponement of the payment date shall not have an impact 
on the amount payable. 
11. 
Default interest 
If the Issuer fails to pay to the Noteholders any amount payable by it under these General Terms and 
Conditions on its due date, then the Issuer shall pay to the Noteholders interest accruing on the overdue 
amount from the due date up to the date of actual payment (both before and after judgment) at a rate 
which is 0.05% (zero point zero five per-cent) per day. 
12. 
Taxation 
All payments in respect of the Notes by the Issuer shall be made without withholding or deduction for, 
or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever 
nature (“Taxes”), unless the withholding or deduction of the Taxes is required by laws of the Republic of 
Latvia. In such case, the Issuer shall make such payment after the withholding or deduction has been 
made and shall account to the relevant authorities in accordance with the applicable laws for the amount 
so required to be withheld or deducted. The Issuer shall not be obligated to make any additional 
compensation to the Noteholders in respect of such withholding or deduction.  
13. 
Admission to trading 
13.1. The Issuer shall submit an application regarding inclusion of each Tranche in the Baltic Bond List of 
Akciju sabiedrība “Nasdaq Riga”, registration number: 40003167049, legal address: Vaļņu 1, Riga, LV-
1050, Latvia (“Nasdaq Riga”). An application shall be prepared according to the requirements of Nasdaq 
Riga and shall be submitted to Nasdaq Riga within 3 (three) months after the Issue Date of the respective 
Tranche. 
13.2. The Issuer shall use its best efforts to ensure that the Notes remain listed in the Baltic Bond List of 
Nasdaq Riga or, if such listing is not possible, to obtain or maintain, listed or traded on another regulated 
market in any other country of the European Economic Area. The Issuer shall, following a listing or 
admission to trading, take all reasonable actions on its part required as a result of such listing or trading 
of the Notes. 
13.3. The Issuer will cover all costs which are related to the admission of the Notes to the relevant regulated 
market.  
14. 
Representations and warranties 
The Issuer represent and warrant to the Noteholders that at the Issue Date and for as long as any Notes 
are outstanding: 
(i) 
the Issuer and the Guarantor are duly incorporated and validly existing as legal entities in their 
jurisdiction of incorporation, and operating under the laws of jurisdiction of their incorporation;

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
 
(ii) 
all obligations of the Issuer assumed under these General Terms and Conditions are valid and 
legally binding to them and performance of these obligations is not contrary to any laws 
applicable to them or their constitutional documents; 
(iii) 
all obligations of the Guarantor assumed under the Guarantee are valid and legally binding to 
them and performance of these obligations is not contrary to any laws applicable to them or 
their constitutional documents;   
(iv) 
the Issuer has all the rights and sufficient authorisations to issue the Notes and to enter into 
these General Terms and Conditions and fulfil obligations arising from the Notes and these 
General Terms and Conditions, and the Issuer has performed all the formalities required for 
issuing the Notes; 
(v) 
the Guarantor has all the rights and sufficient authorisations to provide the Guarantee and fulfil 
obligations arising from the Guarantee; 
(vi) 
all information that is provided by the Issuer to the Noteholders is true, accurate, complete and 
correct as of the date of presenting the respective information and is not misleading in any 
material respect; 
(vii) 
the Issuer and the Guarantor are solvent, able to pay their debts as they fall due, there are no 
liquidation, compulsory execution, reorganisation (except for any sale, disposal, merger, 
demerger, amalgamation, reorganization or restructuring between the Subsidiaries within the 
Group), or bankruptcy proceedings pending or initiated against the Issuer or the Guarantor;  
(viii) 
there are no court or arbitration proceedings pending or initiated against the Issuer or the 
Guarantor where an unfavourable decision would, according to reasonable assessment of the 
Issuer, have a material adverse impact on the economic condition of the Issuer and the 
Guarantor. 
The “Group” means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries from time to time. 
15. 
Undertakings 
The undertakings in this Clause 15 (Undertakings) remain in force from the Issue Date and for as long 
as any Notes are outstanding. In addition to the undertakings specified in this Clause 15 (Undertakings), 
the Issuer may provide other undertakings in the Final Terms which will remain in force from the Issue 
Date and for as long as any Notes are outstanding. 
15.1. No loans or guarantees 
(a) 
The Issuer and the Subsidiaries shall not be the creditors in respect of any Indebtedness or 
incur or allow to remain outstanding any guarantee in respect of any obligation of any person.  
(b) 
Paragraph (a) above does not apply to:  
(i) 
any Indebtedness granted by the Issuer to the Subsidiaries (for so long as the 
respective entities remain as Subsidiaries), by any of the Subsidiaries to the Issuer or 
to another Subsidiary (for so long as the respective entities remains as Subsidiaries);  
(ii) 
any guarantee for any obligations of the Issuer and any Subsidiary (for so long as a 
respective entity remains as Subsidiary), including, for avoidance of doubt, a 
Guarantee provided in accordance with Clause 4 (Guarantee) of these General Terms 
and Conditions, under the Notes; 
(iii) 
any Indebtedness granted by the Issuer to the Issuer’s shareholders in total not 
exceeding EUR 3,000,000 (three million euro) with a repayment term not later than 12 
(twelve) months. 
“Indebtedness” means any indebtedness (whether principal, premium, interest or other amounts) in 
respect of any borrowed money. 
15.2. Disposal of assets 
The Issuer and the Subsidiaries shall not sell or otherwise dispose of equity interest in any Subsidiary 
or of all or substantially all of the Issuer’s or any Subsidiary’s assets or operations to any person. The 
above shall not prevent the following transactions:

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
 
(a) 
the sale or other disposal of equity interest in any Subsidiary or of all or substantially all of the 
assets or operations of any Subsidiary to the Issuer or to any other Subsidiary, including, for 
avoidance of doubt, any merger, demerger, amalgamation, reorganization or restructuring 
between the Subsidiaries within the Group, provided that it does not affect the Issuer’s ability 
to perform and comply with its payment obligations under these General Terms and 
Conditions; 
(b) 
the sale or other disposal of equity interest in any Subsidiary, other than the Guarantor, SIA 
“SELECTIA”, registration number: 50103573441, and SIA “SELECTIA PLUS”, registration 
number: 40203130161, or of all or substantially all of the assets or operations of any 
Subsidiary, other than the Guarantor, SIA “SELECTIA”, registration number: 50103573441, 
and SIA “SELECTIA PLUS”, registration number: 40203130161; 
(c) 
the sale or other disposal of assets, if such assets are simultaneously with or within a 
reasonable time after the sale or other disposal replaced with other assets comparable or 
superior as to type, value and quality and appropriate for use for the same purposes; 
(d) 
the sale or other disposal of assets in the ordinary course of business, if these assets have 
become obsolete or redundant or otherwise no longer required for the operation of the 
business of the Issuer or the Subsidiaries; 
(e) 
the sale of assets to the credit institutions or leasing companies which are subsidiaries of such 
credit institutions, provided that the same assets are simultaneously leased back to the Issuer 
or Subsidiaries (the sale and leaseback transactions). All assets and liabilities in respect of 
such sale and leaseback shall be included in the calculation of the financial covenant set out 
in Clause 16  (Financial Covenants);  
(f) 
the sale or other disposal of equity interest in any Subsidiary or of all or substantially all of the 
assets or operations of the Issuer or any Subsidiary for the purposes of, or pursuant to any 
terms approved by the Noteholders; or 
(g) 
without double counting, the sale or other disposal of assets in a single transaction or series 
of related transactions that involves assets having the Fair Market Value of less than EUR 7 
500 000 (seven million five hundred thousand euro), calculated on annual basis. 
“Fair Market Value” means, with respect to any asset, the value that would be paid by a willing buyer 
to an unaffiliated willing seller in a transaction not involving distress of either party, determined in good 
faith by the senior management of the Issuer. 
15.3. Dividends 
The Issuer shall have a right to declare and pay dividends to its shareholders, provided that before and 
after such declaration and payment of dividends the Issuer complies with all financial covenants set out 
in Clause 16 (Financial Covenants). 
15.4. Change of business 
The Issuer and the Subsidiaries shall not make substantial change to the general nature of the business 
of the Issuer and the Subsidiaries from that carried on at the Issue Date (including, but not limited to, 
the commencement of any new business not being ancillary or incidental to the original business).  
15.5. Related party transactions 
The Issuer and its Subsidiaries may engage in transactions with Related Parties only on arm’s length 
basis. Any transactions made with the Related Parties shall be disclosed in an audited annual report.  
“Related Party” means the Issuer’s shareholders, Subsidiaries, members of the Issuer’s or Subsidiaries’ 
management or supervisory board and legal entities of which they are majority shareholders or which 
are under their control. 
15.6. Reorganization 
In case under this Programme the Issuer issues the Notes at the aggregate principal amount of EUR 
15,000,000 (fifteen million euros), the Issuer shall ensure that within 12 (twelve) months SIA 
“SELECTIA”, registration number: 50103573441, and SIA “SELECTIA PLUS”, registration number: 
40203130161, by way of reorganisation is acquired by the Guarantor, as a result of which all assets and 
liabilities of SIA “SELECTIA” and SIA “SELECTIA PLUS” are transferred to the Guarantor.

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
 
16. 
Financial covenants  
The Issuer undertakes to comply with the following financial covenants from the Issue Date and for as 
long as any Notes are outstanding. In addition to the financial covenants specified in this Clause 16 
(Financial covenants), the Issuer may undertake to comply with other financial covenants as specified 
in the Final Terms from the Issue Date and for as long as any Notes are outstanding. 
16.1. Shareholders Equity to Assets   
Shareholders Equity to Assets Ratio may not be lower than 35 (thirty-five) per-cent at the end of each 
Quarter.  
“Shareholders Equity to Assets Ratio” means the Issuer’s total shareholders’ equity increased by the 
Subordinated Debt expressed as a per-cent of the Issuer’s consolidated amount of assets as at the end 
of each Quarter determined on the basis of the Issuer’s consolidated quarterly financial statements. 
“Subordinated Debt” means unsecured debt of the Group in the form of loans from shareholders with 
maturity after the Maturity Date which is subordinated to the Notes with respect to claims on assets or 
earnings and is fully or partly repayable (including interest payments) only if settlement of all obligations 
under the Notes are made.  
“Quarter” means a period of 3 months ending on, respectively, each 31 March, 30 June, 30 September 
and 31 December. 
16.2. Net Debt/EBITDA 
The Issuers Net Debt/EBITDA Ratio for the for the previous 12 (twelve) months may not be higher than 
2.5:  
(a) 
as at the end of each Quarter determined on the basis of the Issuer’s consolidated monthly 
financial statements for the previous 12 (twelve) months; and 
(b) 
as at 31 December each year, as determined on the consolidated basis on the basis of each 
of the Issuer’s annual financial reports. 
“Net Debt/EBITDA Ratio” means the ratio of interest-bearing liabilities (excluding Subordinated Debt) 
– (minus) cash to EBITDA of the respective measurement period.  
“EBITDA” means the net income of the measurement period before: 
(a) 
any provision on account of taxation; 
(b) 
any interest, commission, discounts or other fees incurred or payable, received or receivable 
in respect of financial indebtedness; 
(c) 
any depreciation and amortisation of tangible and intangible assets; and 
(d) 
any re-valuation, disposal or writing off of assets. 
17. 
Events of Default 
17.1. The Noteholders representing at least 10 (ten) per-cent of the principal amount of all outstanding Notes 
may in accordance with Clause 24 (Notices) notify the Issuer about the occurrence of an Event of 
Default. Subject to Clause 17.2, within 45 (forty-five) days after receipt of notification regarding the 
occurrence of an Event of Default, the Issuer shall prepay all Noteholders the outstanding principal 
amount of the Notes and the Interest accrued on the Notes, but without any premium or penalty. Interest 
on the Notes accrues until the prepayment date (excluding the prepayment date).  
17.2. If the Issuer is unable to make payments in accordance with Clause 17.1 of the General Terms and 
Conditions, the Issuer shall immediately, but in any case not later than within 20 (twenty) Business Days 
following receipt of notification regarding occurrence of an Event of Default, notify the Noteholders in 
accordance with Clause 24 (Notices) thereof.  
17.3. If the Issuer has failed to prepay all Noteholders the outstanding principal amount of the Notes and the 
Interest accrued on the Notes within a term specified in Clause 17.1 of the General Terms and 
Conditions or within a term specified in Clause 17.2 of the General Terms and has notified the 
Noteholders that it is unable to make payments in accordance with Clause 17.1. of the General Terms 
and Conditions, the Noteholders may act in accordance with Clause 18 (Enforcement of the Guarantee).  
17.4. Each of the following events shall constitute an event of default (an “Event of Default”):

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
 
(a) 
Non-Payment: Any amount of Interest on or principal of the Notes has not been paid within 
10 (ten) Business Days from the relevant due date; 
(b) 
Breach of Financial Covenants: The Issuer does not comply with any financial covenant set 
out in Clause 16 (Financial Covenants), unless the non-compliance is remedied by the end of 
Quarter following the Quarter in which the Issuer was non-compliant; 
(c) 
Breach of Other Obligations: The Issuer does not comply with the General Terms and 
Conditions in any other way than as set out under item (a) (Non-Payment) and (b) (Breach of 
Financial Covenants) above, unless the non-compliance (i) is capable of being remedied and 
(ii) is remedied within 10 (ten) Business Days after the Issuer becoming aware of the non-
compliance;  
(d) 
Cessation of Business: The Issuer, the Guarantor, SIA “SELECTIA”, registration number: 
50103573441, or SIA “SELECTIA PLUS”, registration number: 40203130161, cease to carry 
on its current business in its entirety or a substantial part thereof, other than: (i) pursuant to 
any sale, disposal, demerger, amalgamation, reorganization or restructuring or any cessation 
of business in each case on a solvent basis and within the Group, or (ii) for the purposes of, 
or pursuant to any terms approved by the Noteholders;  
(e) 
Liquidation: An effective resolution is passed for the liquidation of the Issuer,  the Guarantor, 
SIA “SELECTIA”, registration number: 50103573441, or SIA “SELECTIA PLUS”, registration 
number: 40203130161, other than, in case of the Guarantor, SIA “SELECTIA”, registration 
number: 50103573441, or SIA “SELECTIA PLUS”, registration number: 40203130161: (i) 
pursuant to an amalgamation, reorganization or restructuring in each case within the Group, 
or (ii) for the purposes of, or pursuant to any terms approved by the Noteholders;  
(f) 
Insolvency: (i) the Issuer, the Guarantor, SIA “SELECTIA”, registration number: 
50103573441, or SIA “SELECTIA PLUS”, registration number: 40203130161, is declared 
insolvent or bankrupt by a court of competent jurisdictions or admits inability to pay its debts; 
(ii) the Issuer, the Guarantor, SIA “SELECTIA”, registration number: 50103573441, or SIA 
“SELECTIA PLUS”, registration number: 40203130161, enters into any arrangement with 
majority of its creditors by value in relation to restructuring of its debts or any meeting is 
convened to consider a proposal for such arrangement; or (iii) an application to initiate 
insolvency, restructuring (including procedures such as legal protection process and out of 
court legal protection process) or administration of the Issuer, the Guarantor, SIA “SELECTIA”, 
registration number: 50103573441, or SIA “SELECTIA PLUS”, registration number: 
40203130161, or any other proceedings for the settlement of the debt of the Issuer, the 
Guarantor, SIA “SELECTIA”, registration number: 50103573441, or SIA “SELECTIA PLUS”, 
registration number: 40203130161, is submitted to the court by the Issuer, the Guarantor, SIA 
“SELECTIA”, registration number: 50103573441, or SIA “SELECTIA PLUS”, registration 
number: 40203130161.  
17.5. In case of the Issuer’s liquidation or insolvency the Noteholders shall have a right to receive payment of 
the outstanding principal amount of the Notes and the interest accrued on the Notes according to the 
relevant laws governing liquidation or insolvency of the Issuer. 
18. 
Enforcement of the Guarantee 
18.1. If an Event of Default has been declared pursuant to Clauses 17 (Events of Default), the Issuer within 
20 (twenty) Business Days shall have the right to submit the proposed action plan in respect to the claim 
settlement to the Noteholders (“Action Plan”). The Issuer shall act in accordance with Clause 26 
(Decisions of the Noteholders) and the Noteholders shall vote for the approval of the Action Plan. 
18.2. If the Noteholders have not approved the Action Plan, the Noteholders shall vote on whether to enforce 
the Guarantee. 
18.3. The Issuer is required to publish the Action Plan on its website www.storent.lv and on Nasdaq Riga 
information system (after the Notes are listed). 
18.4. In case of enforcement of the Guarantee, the Guarantor shall transfer any amounts arising out of the 
Guarantee for payment of the claims of the Noteholders arising under these General Terms and 
Conditions, including, but not limited to, the claims arising from the Notes. 
19. 
Force majeure 
19.1. The Issuer shall be entitled to postpone the fulfilment of its obligations hereunder, in case the

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
 
performance is not possible due to continuous existence of any of the following circumstances: 
(a) 
action of any authorities, war or threat of war, rebellion or civil unrest; 
(b) 
disturbances in postal, telephone or electronic communications which are due to 
circumstances beyond the reasonable control of the Issuer and that materially affect 
operations of the Issuer; 
(c) 
any interruption of or delay in any functions or measures of the Issuer as a result of fire or 
other similar disaster; 
(d) 
any industrial action, such as strike, lockout, boycott or blockade affecting materially the 
activities of the Issuer; or 
(e) 
any other similar force majeure or hindrance which makes it unreasonably difficult to carry on 
the activities of the Issuer. 
19.2. In such case the fulfilment of the obligations may be postponed for the period of the existence of the 
respective circumstances and shall be resumed immediately after such circumstances cease to exist, 
provided that the Issuer shall put all best efforts to limit the effect of the above referred circumstances 
and to resume the fulfilment of its obligations as soon as possible. 
20. 
Further issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders, create and issue further Notes 
whether such further Notes form a single series with already issued Notes or not. For the avoidance of 
doubt, this Clause 20 (Further issues) shall not limit the Issuer's right to issue any other notes. 
21. 
Purchases 
The Issuer and the Related Parties may at any time purchase the Notes in any manner and at any price 
in the primary market during the Subscription Period, as well as in the secondary market. Such Notes 
may be held, resold or surrendered by the purchaser through the Issuer for cancellation. Notes held by 
or for the account of the Issuer or any Related Party for their own account will not carry the right to vote 
at the Noteholders’ Meetings or within Written Procedures and will not be taken into account in 
determining how many Notes are outstanding for the purposes of these General Terms and Conditions. 
22. 
Time bar 
In case any payment under the Notes has not been claimed by the respective Noteholder entitled to this 
payment within 10 (ten) years from the original due date thereof, the right to such payment shall be 
forfeited by the Noteholder and the Issuer shall be permanently released from such payment. 
23. 
Reporting 
23.1. The Issuer undertakes to provide the Noteholders with the following information: 
(a) 
its quarterly reports (including consolidated income statement and balance sheet) by the end 
of the first month following the Quarter for which the report is prepared, and audited annual 
reports by the end of the second Quarter following the financial year for which the report is 
prepared, all prepared in English and signed by the management board of the Issuer; 
(b) 
information if the Issuer is compliant with the financial covenants set out in Clause 16  
(Financial Covenants) of these General Terms and Conditions by the end of the first month 
following each Quarter, specifying in reasonable detail calculations of the financial covenants; 
(c) 
information on any new debt security issues, within 3 (three) Business Days after the issue; 
(d) 
information on new share issues within 3 (three) Business Days after the issue; 
(e) 
information on changes in the shareholder structure and the management board and 
supervisory board of the Issuer stating name, surname and professional experience of a new 
member, within 3 (three) Business Days after such changes; 
(f) 
information on prepayment of the Notes in accordance with Clause 26.1 (l), not later than 3 
(three) Business Days after the relevant transaction.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
 
23.2. The information in Clause 23.1 shall be provided to the Noteholders in accordance with Clause 24 
(Notices). 
23.3. As of the date when Notes are admitted to trading on Nasdaq Riga the reporting requirements provided 
in the Financial Instruments Market Law, Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (Market Abuse Regulation) and 
the rules and regulations of Nasdaq Riga shall be also applicable to the Issuer. If in accordance with the 
Financial Instruments Market Law, Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (Market Abuse Regulation) or the rules 
and regulations of Nasdaq Riga the Issuer is obliged to provide the information in Clause 23.1 less 
frequently as set forth in Clause 23.1, then the frequency set forth in Clause 23.1 shall be applied.  
23.4. The Issuer shall ensure that the information provided to the Noteholders is true, accurate, correct and 
complete. 
24. 
Notices 
24.1. For so long as the Notes are not admitted to trading on Nasdaq Riga, all notices and reports to the 
Noteholders shall be published on the website of the Issuer (www.storent.lv). Any notice or report 
published in such manner shall be deemed to have been received on the same Business Day when it 
is published.  
24.2. As of the day when the Notes are admitted to trading on Nasdaq Riga, all notices and reports to the 
Noteholders shall be published on Nasdaq Riga information system, as well as on the website of the 
Issuer (www.storent.lv). Any notice or report published in such manner shall be deemed to have been 
received on the same Business Day when it is published.  
25. 
Representation of the Noteholders 
Rights of the Noteholders to establish and/or authorize an organization/person to represent interests of 
all or a part of the Noteholders are not contemplated, but on the other hand these are not restricted. The 
Noteholders should cover all costs/fees of such representative(s) by themselves.  
26. 
Decisions of the Noteholders 
26.1. General provisions 
(a) 
The decisions of the Noteholders (including decisions on amendments to these General Terms 
and Conditions or the Final Terms of the Tranches of the relevant Series or granting of consent 
or waiver) shall be passed at a meeting of the Noteholders (the “Noteholders’ Meeting”) or in 
writing without convening the Noteholders’ Meeting (the “Written Procedure”) at the choice 
of the Issuer. However, the Issuer shall have a right to amend the technical procedures relating 
to the Notes in respect of payments or other similar matters without the consent of the 
Noteholders, if such amendments are not prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. 
(b) 
The Issuer shall have a right to convene the Noteholders’ Meeting or instigate the Written 
Procedure at any time and shall do so following a written request from the Noteholders who, 
on the day of the request, represent not less than one-tenth of the principal amount of the 
Notes outstanding or the principal amount of the Notes of the relevant Series outstanding (as 
applicable) (excluding the Issuer and the Related Parties). 
(c) 
In case convening of the Noteholders’ Meeting or instigation of the Written Procedure is 
requested by the Noteholders, the Issuer shall be obliged to convene the Noteholders’ Meeting 
or instigate the Written Procedure within 1 (one) month after receipt of the respective 
Noteholders’ written request. 
(d) 
Only those who were appearing in the Depository as the Noteholders by the end of the 5th 
(fifth) Business Day prior to convening the Noteholders’ Meeting (in case of the Noteholders’ 
Meeting is convened) and only those who were appearing in the Depository as the Noteholders 
by the end of the 5th (fifth) Business Day after publishing an announcement on instigation of 
the Written Procedure (in case the Written Procedure is instigated) or proxies authorised by 
such Noteholders, may exercise their voting rights at the Noteholders’ Meeting or in the Written 
Procedure. The voting rights of the Noteholders will be determined on the basis of the principal 
amount of the Notes held.  
(e) 
Quorum at the Noteholders’ Meeting or in respect of the Written Procedure only exists if one 
or more Noteholders holding 50 (fifty) per-cent in aggregate or more of the principal amount 
of the Notes outstanding or the principal amount of the Notes of relevant Series outstanding 
(as applicable):

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
 
(i) if at a Noteholder’s Meeting, attend the meeting; or  
(ii) if in respect of a Written Procedure, reply to the request.  
If the Issuer or the Related Parties are the Noteholders, their principal amount of the Notes will 
be excluded when a quorum is calculated.  
(f) 
If quorum does not exist at the Noteholders’ Meeting or in respect of a Written Procedure, the 
Issuer shall convene a second Noteholders’ Meeting (in accordance with Clause 26.2(a)) or 
instigate a second Written Procedure (in accordance with Clause 26.3(a)), as the case may 
be. The quorum requirement in paragraph (d) above shall not apply to such second 
Noteholders’ Meeting or Written Procedure, except for exclusion of the Issuer and the Related 
Parties from calculation of a quorum. 
(g) 
Consent of the Noteholders holding at least 75 (seventy-five) per-cent of the aggregate 
principal amount of the outstanding Notes attending the Noteholders’ Meeting or participating 
in the Written Procedure is required for agreement with the Issuer to amend Clause 3 (Status 
and security), Clause 4 (Guarantee), Clause 15 (Undertakings), Clause 16 (Financial 
covenants), Clause 17 (Events of Default), Clause 18 (Enforcement of the Guarantee), Clause 
26 (Decisions of the Noteholders) and Clause 27 (Governing law and dispute resolution):  
(h) 
Consent of at least 75 (seventy-five) per-cent of the aggregate principal amount of the 
outstanding Notes of the respective Series attending the Noteholders’ Meeting or participating 
in the Written Procedure (i.e. replying to the request) is required for the following decisions: 
(i) 
agreement with the Issuer to change the date, or the method of determining the date, 
for the payment of principal, interest or any other amount in respect of the relevant 
Series, to reduce or cancel the amount of principal, interest or any other amount 
payable on any date in respect of the relevant Series or to change the method of 
calculating the amount of interest or any other amount payable on any date in respect 
of the relevant Series; 
(ii) 
agreement with the Issuer to change the currency of the relevant Series; 
(iii) 
approval of the Action Plan; 
(iv) 
enforcement of the Guarantee. 
(i) 
Consent of simple majority of all Noteholders or the Noteholders of the respective Series (as 
applicable) attending the Noteholders’ Meeting or participating in the Written Procedure (i.e. 
replying to the request) is required to the decisions not covered in paragraph (g) or (h) above 
(as applicable). 
(j) 
The Issuer shall have a right to increase the aggregate principal amount of the Notes to be 
issued under the Programme without the consent of the Noteholders. 
(k) 
Information about decisions taken at a Noteholders’ Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure 
shall promptly be provided to the Noteholders in accordance with Clause 24 (Notices), 
provided that a failure to do so shall not invalidate any decision made or voting result achieved.  
(l) 
Decisions passed at the Noteholders’ Meeting or by way of the Written Procedure shall be 
binding on all Noteholders irrespective of whether they participated at the Noteholders' 
Meeting or in the Written Procedure. 
(m) 
All expenses in relation to the convening and holding the Noteholders' Meeting or a Written 
Procedure shall be covered by the Issuer. 
26.2. Noteholders’ Meetings 
(a) 
If a decision of the Noteholders is intended to be passed at the Noteholders’ Meeting, then a 
respective notice of the Noteholders’ Meeting shall be provided to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Clause 24 (Notices) no later than 10 (ten) Business Days prior to the meeting. 
Furthermore, the notice shall specify the time, place and agenda of the meeting, as well as 
any action required on the part of the Noteholders that will attend the meeting. No matters 
other than those referred to in the notice may be resolved at the Noteholders’ Meeting. 
(b) 
The Noteholders’ Meeting shall be held in Riga, Latvia, and its chairman shall be the Issuer’s 
representative appointed by the Issuer.

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
 
(c) 
The Noteholders’ Meeting shall be organised by the chairman of the Noteholders’ Meeting. 
(d) 
The Noteholders’ Meeting shall be held in English with translation into Latvian, unless the 
Noteholders present in the respective Noteholders’ Meeting unanimously decide that the 
respective Noteholders’ Meeting shall be held only in Latvian or English.   
(e) 
Minutes of the Noteholders’ Meeting shall be kept, recording the day and time of the meeting, 
attendees, their votes represented, matters discussed, results of voting, and resolutions which 
were adopted. The minutes shall be signed by the keeper of the minutes, which shall be 
appointed by the Noteholders’ Meeting. The minutes shall be attested by the chairman of the 
Noteholders’ Meeting, if the chairman is not the keeper of the minutes, as well as by one of 
the persons appointed by the Noteholders’ Meeting to attest the minutes. The minutes from 
the relevant Noteholders’ Meeting shall at the request of a Noteholder be sent to it by the 
Issuer. 
26.3. Written Procedure 
(a) 
If a decision of the Noteholders is intended to be passed by a Written Procedure then a 
respective communication of the Written Procedure shall be provided to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Clause 24 (Notices).  
(b) 
Communication in paragraph (a) above shall include:  
(h) 
each request for a decision by the Noteholders;  
(i) 
a description of the reasons for each request;  
(j) 
a specification of the Business Day on which a person must be registered as a 
Noteholder in order to be entitled to exercise voting rights;  
(k) 
instructions and directions on where to receive a form for replying to the request (such 
form to include an option to vote “yes” or “no” for each request) as well as a form of a 
power of attorney; and 
(l) 
the stipulated time period within which the Noteholder must reply to the request (such 
time period to last at least 10 (ten) Business Days from the communication pursuant 
to paragraph (a) above) and a manner of a reply. 
(c) 
When the requisite majority consents pursuant to paragraphs (g), (h) or (i) (as applicable) of 
Clause 26.1 have been received in a Written Procedure, the relevant decision shall be deemed 
to be adopted pursuant to paragraphs (g), (h) or (i) (as applicable) of Clause 26.1, as the case 
may be, even if the time period for replies in the Written Procedure has not yet expired.  
27. 
Governing law and dispute resolution 
27.1. These General Terms and Conditions, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection therewith, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Republic 
of Latvia.  
27.2. Any disputes relating to or arising in relation to the Notes shall be settled solely by the courts of the 
Republic of Latvia of competent jurisdiction.

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued under the 
Base Prospectus 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS: The Notes have a fixed rate of interest and the redemption amount 
is fixed as described in the Base Prospectus. Accordingly, no key information document pursuant to Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) has been prepared by the Issuer.  
Final Terms dated [●] 
SIA “Storent Holdings” 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] Notes due [●] 
under the Programme for the issuance of Notes in the amount of EUR 15,000,000  
[to be consolidated and form a single series with [●]]  
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the General Terms and 
Conditions set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 25 May 2023 (the “Base Prospectus”) for the purposes of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”).  
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus. Full information on the Issuer and the 
offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base 
Prospectus.  
The Base Prospectus has been published on the Issuer’s website www.storent.lv. 
A summary of the individual issue is annexed to these Final Terms. 
1. 
Issuer: 
SIA “Storent Holdings” 
2. 
Series Number: 
[●] 
3. 
Tranche Number: 
[●]  
4. 
ISIN: 
[[●]]/[Temporary ISIN: [●]. Upon admission of the Notes to the 
regulated market the Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
series with [●] and will have a common ISIN [●]] 
5. 
Aggregate principal amount: 
[EUR [●] [in addition to [●]]] 
6. 
Nominal amount of the Note: 
EUR [●] 
7. 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
8. 
Annual Interest Rate: 
[[●].]/[The annual interest rate will be set within the range of [•] to [•] 
per-cent. The final annual interest rate will be determined in 
accordance with the Section “Offering of the Notes” of the Base 
Prospectus.]  
9. 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[●] 
10. 
Maturity Date: 
[●] 
11. 
Minimum Investment Amount: 
[●] 
12. 
Issue Price: 
[●] 
13. 
Yield: 
[●]  
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the Issue 
Price. It is not an indication of future yield.  
14. 
Additional undertakings: 
[[●]/[Not applicable.]]  
15. 
Additional 
financial 
covenants: 
[[●]/[Not applicable.]] 
16. 
Subscription Period: 
[●]

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
 
17. 
Procedure for submission of 
the Subscription Orders:  
[●]  
18. 
Procedure for allocation of the 
Notes and settlement:  
[●]  
 
19. 
Information about exchange 
of the Existing Notes with the 
Notes: 
 
[[The Investor shall indicate in the Subscription Order the number of 
the Existing Notes used for the exchange with the Notes and duly 
inform the relevant custodian (a credit institution or an investment 
brokerage firm holding the Existing Notes on behalf of the Investor) 
on approval to the proposed exchange of the Existing Notes, which 
in turn shall inform the Depository on the total number of Existing 
Notes to be exchanged with the Notes and Investors who requested 
the exchange.  
The exchange of the Existing Notes with the Notes will be carried out 
as a corporate event in accordance with the applicable rules of the 
Depository within the Subscription Period.]/[Not applicable.]] 
20. 
Existing Notes: 
[[Notes 
of 
AS 
“Storent 
Investments”, 
registration 
number 
40103834303, (ISIN: LV0000802411 with maturity on 19 October 
2023).]/[Not applicable.]] 
21. 
Estimated total expenses of 
the issue of the Notes: 
[●] 
22. 
Estimated net amount of the 
proceeds from the issue of the 
Notes: 
[●] 
23. 
Name 
of 
the 
Settlement 
Agent: 
[●], registration number: [●], legal address: [●]. 
24. 
Name of the Sales Agent: 
Redgate Capital AS, registration number: 11532616, legal address: 
Pärnu mnt 10, Tallinn, 10148, the Republic of Estonia. 
25. 
Rating: 
The Notes to be issued have not been rated. 
26. 
Information 
about 
the 
securities of the Issuer that 
are 
already 
admitted 
to 
trading: 
[[●]/[Not applicable.]] 
 
These Final Terms have been approved by the Management Board of the Issuer at its meeting on [date] 
[month] [year]. 
 
Riga, [date] [month] [year] 
 
[●]

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
 
OFFERING OF THE NOTES 
Words and expressions defined in the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes above or elsewhere in the 
Base Prospectus have the same meanings in this Section of the Base Prospectus. 
1. 
General structure of the offering of Notes 
1.1. 
The Programme consists of (i) a public offering of the Notes to retail investors and institutional investors 
(each an “Investor”) in the Republic of Latvia, the Republic of Lithuania and in the Republic of Estonia, 
and/or (ii) private placement of the Notes to institutional Investors and retail Investors in certain Member 
States of the European Economic Area (“EEA”) and to other selected Investors in each case pursuant 
to an exemption under Article 1 of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”).  
1.2. 
The Noteholders shall be prohibited to resell, transfer or deliver the Notes to any person in a manner 
that would constitute a public offer of securities. 
1.3. 
For the purposes of the public offering, only such prospective Investors will be eligible to participate in 
the offering who at or by the time of placing their orders have opened securities accounts with entities 
of their choice, which are licensed to provide such services within the territory of the Republic of Latvia, 
of the Republic of Lithuania or of the Republic of Estonia and are members of Nasdaq Riga or have 
relevant arrangements with a member of Nasdaq Riga. 
1.4. 
The offering of Notes is not addressed to Investors who are Russian or Belarusian nationals or natural 
persons residing in Russia or Belarus or any legal persons, entities or bodies established in Russia or 
Belarus. The latter shall hall not apply to nationals of a Member State of the European Union, of a 
country member of the EEA or of Switzerland, or to natural persons having a temporary or permanent 
residence permit in a Member State of the European Union, in a country member of the EEA or in 
Switzerland within the meaning of Council Regulation (EU) No 833/2014 of 31 July 2014 (as amended), 
and nationals of a Member State of the European Union or natural persons having a temporary or 
permanent residence permit in a Member State of the European Union within the meaning of Council 
Regulation (EC) No 765/2006 of 18 May 2006 (as amended). 
1.5. 
The public offering of each of the Tranche may be carried out through an auction facilitated by Nasdaq 
Riga (the “Auction”). 
2. 
Subscription for the Notes 
2.1. 
The subscription period (the “Subscription Period”) for each Tranche shall be specified in the Final 
Terms. The Issuer may decide on shortening or lengthening the Subscription Period. 
2.2. 
The Investors wishing to subscribe for and purchase the Notes shall submit their orders to acquire the 
Notes (the “Subscription Orders”) at any time during the Subscription Period.  
2.3. 
At the time of placing a Subscription Order, each Investor shall make a binding instruction for depositing 
the Notes in a securities account maintained in its name and opened with a credit institution or an 
investment brokerage firm of their choice which are licensed to provide such services within the territory 
of the Republic of Latvia, the Republic of Lithuania and the Republic of Estonia and are members of 
Nasdaq Riga or have relevant arrangements with a member of Nasdaq Riga.  
2.4. 
Upon submission of the Subscription Order the Investor shall authorise the Depository, Nasdaq Riga 
and the Issuer to process, forward and exchange information on the identity of the Investor and the 
contents of respective Investor’s Subscription Order before, during and after the Subscription Period.  
2.5. 
An Investor shall be allowed to submit a Subscription Order either personally or via a representative 
whom the Investor has authorised (in the form required by the applicable law) to submit the Subscription 
Order. An Investor shall ensure that all information contained in the Subscription Order is correct, 
complete and legible.  
2.6. 
The Issuer reserves the right to reject any Subscription Order that is incomplete, incorrect, unclear or 
ineligible or that has not been completed and submitted and/or has not been supported by the necessary 
additional documents, requested by the Issuer, during the Subscription Period and in accordance with 
all requirements set out in the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes.  
2.7. 
Any consequences of form of a Subscription Order for the Notes being incorrectly filled out will be borne 
by the Investor.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
 
3. 
Interest rate 
3.1. 
The Issuer may offer the Notes for a fixed annual interest rate as already specified in the Final Terms or 
within a range as specified in the Final Terms.  
3.2. 
In case the Issuer offers the Notes for a fixed annual interest rate within a range as specified in the Final 
Terms, each Investor undertakes to specify the investment amount(s) Investor is willing to invest at one 
or more annual interest rate levels within the available annual interest rate range as indicated by the 
Issuer. For the avoidance of doubt, the Investor may subscribe to the Notes on different preferred annual 
interest rate levels.  
3.3. 
By submitting the Subscription Order, the Investor acknowledges that, in case the Issuer offers the Notes 
for a fixed annual interest rate within a range as specified in the Final Terms, each investment amount 
to be invested per each offered preferred annual interest rate has to be not less than Minimum 
Investment Amount as specified in the Final Terms. Otherwise, the relevant part of the Subscription 
Order for subscribing to the Notes with the less than Minimum Investment Amount shall not be 
considered valid and shall not be processed. 
3.4. 
By submitting the Subscription Order, the Investor acknowledges that, in case the Issuer offers the Notes 
for a fixed annual interest rate within a range as specified in the Final Terms, the final interest rate of the 
Notes shall be determined upon the discretion of the Issuer within the range indicated in the Final Terms, 
taking into consideration, among other factors, the volume and price level of the Subscription Orders 
received from the Investors. The Investors will be informed about the final annual fixed interest rate upon 
allocation the Notes to the Investors by publishing the relevant supplements or amendments to the Final 
Terms. 
4. 
Exchange of the Notes 
4.1. 
Within the Subscription Period of each Tranche the Issuer may offer to all Investors holding the existing 
notes of AS “Storent Investments”, registration number 40103834303, (ISIN: LV0000802411 with 
maturity on 19 October 2023) (the “Existing Notes”) to exchange the Existing Notes with the Notes, as 
specified in the Final Terms.  
4.2. 
The Subscription Period for exchange of the Existing Notes with the Notes shall not be shorter than 10 
(ten) Business Days. 
4.3. 
The exchange ratio shall be one-to-one and any number of the Existing Notes may be used for the 
exchange. 
4.4. 
The Investor shall indicate in the Subscription Order the number of the Existing Notes used for the 
exchange with the Notes and duly inform the relevant custodian (a credit institutions or an investment 
brokerage firm holding the Existing Notes on behalf of the Investor) on approval to the proposed 
exchange of the Existing Notes, which in turn shall inform the Depository on the total number of the 
Existing Notes to be exchanged with the Notes and Investors who requested the exchange.  
4.5. 
By submitting a Subscription Order for the exchange of the Existing Notes with the Notes, each Investor 
shall authorise and instruct the credit institution or investment brokerage firm operating the Investor’s 
securities account to immediately block the total number of the Existing Notes to be exchanged with the 
Notes on the Investor’s securities account until the settlement for the transaction is completed or until 
the Existing Notes are released.  
4.6. 
The number of the Existing Notes on the Investor’s securities account to be blocked shall be equal to 
the total number of the Existing Notes to be exchanged with the Notes. An Investor may submit a 
Subscription Order only when there is a sufficient number of the Existing Notes on the Investor’s 
securities account. If the number of the Existing Notes which are blocked is insufficient, the Subscription 
Order shall be deemed valid only in respect to the amount of a sufficient number of the Existing Notes 
that are on the Investor’s securities account.  
4.7. 
Every Investor participating in the exchange is entitled to a fee of 0.50% (zero point fifty) per-cent of 
nominal value of the Existing Notes that the Investor has exchanged with the Notes. The record date for 
the fee is the Issue Date, the fee is payable within 10 Business Days following the Issue Date. For tax 
purposes the fee is treated as interest payment and the Issuer will make a payment net of applicable 
withholding taxes.  
4.8. 
Provisions set out in this Section “Offering of the Notes” of the Base Prospectus relating to the 
Subscription Orders and Sub-Section 10 (Allocation of the Notes) and Sub-Section 12 (Settlement of

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
 
the offering of the Notes) shall be applicable mutatis mutandis to the exchange of the Existing Notes 
with the Notes. 
5. 
Place of the subscription 
5.1. 
Initially the Notes will be book-entered in the subscription account of the Depository participant (the 
“Settlement Agent”) which shall be specified in the Final Terms. 
5.2. 
The subscription to the Notes shall be made on the Subscription Orders which may be requested from 
the Sales Agent and/or in accordance with specific rules for the Subscription of Nasdaq Riga or the 
Depository’s participants located in the Republic of Latvia, of the Republic of Lithuania or of the Republic 
of Estonia.  
5.3. 
For the purposes of public offering, the Subscription Orders may be submitted through any credit 
institution or an investment brokerage firm that is licensed to provide such services within the territory 
of the Republic of Latvia, the Republic of Lithuania or the Republic of Estonia, or to Redgate Capital AS, 
registration number: 11532616, registration address: Pärnu mnt 10, Tallinn, 10148, the Republic of 
Estonia (the “Sales Agent”). In case of the Auction, the Final Terms may prescribe that Subscription 
Orders may only be submitted through financial institutions that are participants of the Depository. 
5.4. 
The total amount of the Notes to be acquired and indicated in each Subscription Order shall be for at 
least the Minimum Investment Amount. The procedure of submission of the Subscription Orders shall 
be specified in the Final Terms if any additional information shall be provided. 
5.5. 
All Subscription Orders shall be binding and irrevocable commitments to acquire the allotted Notes, with 
the exceptions stated below. The Subscription Orders shall not be considered valid and shall not be 
processed in case the purchase amount indicated in the Subscription Orders is less than the Minimum 
Investment Amount or the Subscription Orders were received after the Subscription Period. The Issuer 
has no obligation to inform the Investors about the fact that their Subscription Orders are invalid. 
6. 
Private placement  
6.1. 
In respect of private placement of the Notes Investors wishing to purchase the Notes may submit 
Subscription Orders through a credit institution or an investment brokerage firm that is licensed to 
provide such services in accordance with applicable laws.  
6.2. 
Institutional Investors shall submit their own Subscription Orders or Subscription Orders received from 
other Investors, if any, to the Sales Agent.  
6.3. 
Institutional Investors shall be entitled to place multiple Subscription Orders.  
6.4. 
Institutional Investors shall contact the Sales Agent for information on detailed rules governing the 
placement of Subscription Orders, in particular the documents required if an order is placed by a 
statutory representative, proxy or any other person acting on behalf of an Investor. 
7. 
Withdrawal of the Subscription Orders 
7.1. 
An Investor may withdraw a Subscription Order for the Notes of the respective Tranche by submitting a 
written statement to the credit institution or investment brokerage firm where the subscription was made 
at any time until the end of the Subscription Period of the respective Tranche: 
(a) 
if any supplement or amendment to the Base Prospectus is made public concerning an event 
or circumstances occurring before the allocation of the Notes, of which the Issuer became aware 
prior to allocation of the Notes, within 2 (two) Business Days as from the date of the publication 
of the supplement or amendment to the Base Prospectus; or 
(b) 
if the issuance of the Tranche of the relevant Series is suspended or postponed in accordance 
with Sub-Section 11.3 of this Base Prospectus, within 2 (two) Business Days as from the date 
of the announcement of suspension or postponement of the issuance of the Tranche of the 
relevant Series.  
7.2. 
The right of an Investor to withdraw a Subscription Order in accordance with Sub-Section 7.1 of this 
Base Prospectus shall only apply to the relevant Tranche and not to any other Tranches of the Notes 
under this Base Prospectus. 
7.3. 
An Investor shall be liable for payment of all fees and costs charged by a credit institution or an 
investment brokerage firm used by the Investor for the Subscription of the Notes in connection with the 
withdrawal or amendment of the Subscription Order.

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
 
7.4. 
Following withdrawal of a Subscription Order, the repayments shall be made (or blocked funds shall be 
released) in accordance with the Subscription Order within 3 (three) Business Days following submission 
of a statement regarding withdrawal of the Subscription Order. 
8. 
No assignment or transfer 
The rights arising out of this Base Prospectus in relation to the subscription for the Notes (including, 
without limitation, rights arising from any Subscription Orders or any acceptance thereof) are not 
assignable, tradable or transferable in any way and any assigned or transferred rights will not be 
recognised by the Issuer and will not be binding on the Issuer. 
9. 
Payment for the Notes  
9.1. 
By submitting a Subscription Order, each Investor shall authorise and instruct the credit institution or 
investment brokerage firm operating the Investor’s current account connected to the Investor´s 
securities account to immediately block the whole subscription amount on the Investor’s current account 
until the payment for the allotted Notes is completed or until the funds are released.  
9.2. 
The subscription amount to be blocked shall be equal to the Issue Price multiplied by the number of the 
Notes the respective Investor wishes to subscribe for. In case the Issuer offers the Notes for a fixed 
annual interest rate within a range as specified in the Final Terms, the transaction amount to be blocked 
will be equal to the largest investment amount (EUR) payable per Investor’s offered preferred annual 
interest rate level. For illustrative purposes only, assuming the Investor has placed the following 
Subscription Orders: 
Preferred annual interest rate (%) of the Notes in 
a range of x% - z% 
Investment amount (EUR) (per each offered 
interest rate) 
x% 
EUR 50,000 
y% 
EUR 80,000 
z% 
EUR 100,000 
If the Investor has selected to subscribe for the Notes on different preferred annual interest rate levels, 
accordingly the amount of EUR 100,000 shall be the transaction amount and it will be blocked on the 
Investor's cash account until the settlement is completed or funds are released. 
9.3. 
An Investor may submit a Subscription Order only when there are sufficient funds on the Investor’s 
current account. If the blocked funds are insufficient, the Subscription Order will be deemed null and 
void to the extent funds are insufficient.  
9.4. 
The Investors who have not been allotted any Notes, including in case of withdrawal of Subscription 
Orders in accordance with Sub-Section 7.1 of this Base Prospectus and subject to requirements set 
forth in Sub-Section 7.3 of this Base Prospectus, or whose subscriptions have been reduced will receive 
reimbursements of the payment made upon placing the Subscription Order (or the blocked funds will be 
released) in accordance with instructions provided by each such Investor, as required under the 
procedures applicable within the credit institution or an investment brokerage firm with which the 
Subscription Order was placed. The reimbursement will take place (or the blocked funds will be 
released) within 10 (ten) Business Days as from the end of the Subscription Period or withdrawal of a 
Subscription Order in accordance with Sub-Section 7.1 of this Base Prospectus. The payments shall be 
returned (or the blocked funds will be released) without any reimbursement for costs incurred by the 
Investors in the course of subscribing for the Notes and shall be net of all transfer expenses and without 
interest.  
9.5. 
In respect of private placement of the Notes the Investor shall consent to the obligation to ensure the 
subscription amount on the settlement date on the Issue Date in accordance with the DVP (Delivery vs 
Payment) principle pursuant to the applicable rules of the Depository. Payments for the Notes are 
interest free.  
10. 
Allocation of the Notes 
10.1. On the next Business Day following the Subscription Period the Issuer shall decide whether to proceed 
with the issuance of the Tranche of the relevant Series or cancel the relevant issuance. 
10.2. In case the Issuer decides to proceed with the issuance of the Tranche of the relevant Series the 
following actions shall be taken within the next 3 (three) Business Days following the Subscription 
Period:

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
 
(a) 
Allocation of the Notes to the Investors 
(i) 
The Issuer will establish the exact amount of the Notes to be allotted with respect to 
each Subscription Order. 
(ii) 
In case the subscription amount for the Tranche of the relevant Series is equal to or 
exceeds the aggregate principal amount of the relevant Tranche, the Issuer may decide 
to allocate the total available number of the Notes to each Investor proportionally to the 
aggregate principal amount of the relevant Tranche and the amount subscribed by such 
Investor, provided that such proportional allocation applies equally to all Investors; 
(iii) 
In case the subscription amount for the Tranche of the relevant Series is below the 
aggregate principal amount of the relevant Tranche, the Issuer may decide to cancel 
the issuance of the Tranche of the relevant Series or, subject to supplements or 
amendments to the Final Terms, to adjust the aggregate principal amount of the relevant 
Tranche corresponding to the subscription amount of the Tranche. 
(iv) 
In case any additional provisions apply to allocation of a separate Tranche of the Notes, 
these will be specified in the Final Terms for the relevant Tranche. 
(v) 
The Issuer shall not be obliged to allocate any Notes to any investors participating in 
the offering of the Notes. Furthermore, there will be no target minimum individual 
allocation of the Notes to the Investors. 
(vi) 
In case the Issuer offers the Notes for a fixed annual interest rate within a range as 
specified in the Final Terms, only the Subscription Orders which are at or below the set 
final annual interest rate will be subject to allocation. If more than one preferred annual 
interest rate levels indicated in the Subscription Order are subject to allocation, the 
largest Subscription Order amount will be used for allocation purpose. Nonetheless, the 
final number of Notes to be issued and the final size of the Tranche will be decided by 
the Issuer, based on the level of subscriptions. In addition, the number of Notes to be 
allocated to each Investor shall be determined upon the discretion of the Issuer. 
Accordingly, the Investors who subscribe the Notes may not receive all of the Notes 
they have subscribed for and it is possible they may not receive any. In case the Investor 
has not been allocated any Notes or allocation is less than the number of subscribed 
Notes, the relevant amount shall be released to the Investors. All Investors who have 
been allocated the Notes shall pay the same price and receive the same fixed annual 
interest rate for the Notes. 
For illustrative purposes only, assuming the Investor has placed the following 
Subscription Orders, below are a set of illustrative examples of various subscription 
alternatives and potential outcomes. The list is not exhaustive and there may be other 
potential outcomes: 
Example 1: 
Preferred annual interest rate (%) of the 
Notes in a range of x% - z% 
Investment amount (EUR) (per each 
offered interest rate) 
x% 
EUR 50,000 
y% 
EUR 80,000 
z% 
EUR 100,000 
If the Issuer decides to set the final annual interest rate at y per-cent and there is no 
oversubscription and Issuer does not decrease the aggregate principal amount of the 
relevant Tranche (i.e. each Investor receives full allocation of the Notes), then in the 
case above the Investor receives EUR 80,000 of the Notes.

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
 
Example 2: 
Preferred annual interest rate (%) of the 
Notes in a range of x% - z% 
Investment amount (EUR) (per each 
offered interest rate) 
x% 
- 
y% 
EUR 80,000 
z% 
EUR 100,000 
If the Issuer decides to set the final annual interest rate at x per-cent, then in the case 
above the Investor does not receive any allocation of the Notes. 
Example 3: 
Preferred annual interest rate (%) of the 
Notes in a range of x% - z% 
Investment amount (EUR) (per each 
offered interest rate) 
x% 
EUR 50,000 
y% 
- 
z% 
- 
In case the Issuer decides to set the final annual interest rate at z per-cent and there is 
no oversubscription and Issuer does not decrease the aggregate principal amount of 
the relevant Tranche (i.e. each investor receives full allocation of the Notes), then in the 
case above the Investor receives EUR 50,000 of the Notes. 
Example 4: 
Preferred annual interest rate (%) of the 
Notes in a range of x% - z% 
Investment amount (EUR) (per each 
offered interest rate) 
x% 
EUR 100,000 
y% 
EUR 50,000 
z% 
EUR 150,000 
In case the Issuer decides to set the final annual interest rate at y per-cent and there is 
no oversubscription and Issuer does not decrease the aggregate principal amount of 
the relevant Tranche (i.e. each investor receives full allocation of the Notes), then in the 
case above the Investor receives EUR 100,000 of the Notes. 
(b) 
Confirmations 
After completion of the allocation of the Notes, an Investor shall receive a notification about 
partial or full satisfaction or rejection of the Subscription Order submitted by the Investor and 
the number of Notes allocated to the Investor, if any. A confirmation shall be provided by a 
respective credit institution or investment brokerage firm where an Investor has submitted 
his/her/its Subscription Order. 
(c) 
Information about the results of the offering of the Notes 
Information about the results of the offering of each Tranche (amount of the Notes issued and 
an aggregate principal amount of the respective Tranche) shall be published on the Issuer’s 
website www.storent.lv as well as at www.nasdaqbaltic.com. 
11. 
Cancellation, suspension or postponement of the offering of the Notes 
11.1. Subject to Sub-Section 10.1 of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer may cancel the issuance of any Tranche 
of the relevant Series at any time prior to the settlement of the offering of the Notes without disclosing 
any reason for doing so. The Issuer may also change the dates of opening and closing of the 
Subscription Period, or decide that the issuance of the Tranche of the relevant Series will be postponed 
and that new dates of the issuance of the Tranche of the relevant Series will be provided by the Issuer 
later.

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
 
11.2. The Issuer may cancel the issuance of the Tranche of the relevant Series prior to the settlement of the 
offering of the Notes if the Issuer considers it impracticable or inadvisable to proceed with the issuance 
of the Tranche of the relevant Series. Such reasons include, but are not limited to:  
(a) 
suspension or material limitation of trading in securities;  
(b) 
sudden and material adverse change in the economic or political situation in Latvia or worldwide; 
(c) 
a material loss or interference with the Issuer’s or its Subsidiaries’ business; or  
(d) 
any material change or development in or affecting the general affairs, management, financial 
position, shareholders’ equity or results of the Issuer’s operations or the operations of the 
Subsidiaries. In such an event, subscriptions for the Notes that have been made will be 
disregarded, and any Subscription payments made will be returned (or the blocked funds will be 
released) without interest or any other compensation. 
11.3. If the issuance of the Tranche of the relevant Series is suspended or postponed, the Issuer may decide 
that the Subscription Orders made and payments made (or the blocking of funds) will be deemed to 
remain valid until the settlement of the offering of the Notes. 
11.4. In case the issuance of the Tranche of the relevant Series is cancelled, suspended or postponed, the 
Issuer shall notify the Settlement Agent and the Depository accordingly, and publish an announcement 
on its website www.storent.lv thereof.  
12. 
Settlement of the offering of the Notes 
12.1. The settlement for the offering of the Notes will be carried out in accordance with the DVP (Delivery vs 
Payment) principle by the Settlement Agent pursuant to the applicable rules of the Depository. After the 
Settlement Agent submits a corresponding DVP instruction via the Depository system, an Investor, 
acting through its credit institution or investment brokerage firm with which the investor has opened a 
securities account, shall confirm that instruction immediately (by sending a relevant instruction), but not 
later that by 4 pm (Riga time) on the same day.  
12.2. The Notes allocated to the Investors shall be transferred to their securities accounts in accordance with 
the DVP (Delivery vs Payment) principle pursuant to the applicable rules of the Depository 
simultaneously with the transfer of payment for such Notes.  
12.3. The title to the Notes shall pass to the relevant Investors upon transfer of the Notes to their securities 
accounts.  
12.4. If an Investor has submitted several Subscription Orders through several securities accounts, the Notes 
allocated to such Investor shall be transferred to all such securities accounts proportionally to the 
number of the Notes indicated in the Subscription Orders submitted for each account, rounded up or 
down as necessary.  
12.5. The settlement of the offering of the Notes shall take place on the Issue Date. All paid up or exchanged 
Notes shall be treated as issued.

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from the issue of each Series of Notes will be used by the Issuer in the following order: 
(1) 
for repayment of loans issued by Levina Investments S.à r.l., a Luxembourg private limited liability 
company with Business Identity Code B189856,  
(2) 
for redemption of notes of AS “Storent Investments”, registration number 40103834303, (ISIN: 
LV0000802411 with maturity on 19 October 2023), and  
(3) 
for general corporate purposes and any possible future acquisitions.   
The estimated total expenses of the issue of the Notes of each Tranche and the estimated net amount of the 
proceeds from the issue of the Notes of each Tranche will be provided in the Final Terms.

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
 
INFORMATION ABOUT THE GROUP 
General information 
The legal and commercial name of the Issuer is SIA “Storent Holdings”. The Issuer is a limited liability company 
(in Latvian – sabiedrība ar ierobežu atbildību) incorporated pursuant to the laws of the Republic of Latvia on 
11 October 2018. The Issuer is registered with the Register of Enterprises of the Republic of Latvia and 
operates in accordance with the laws of the Republic of Latvia.  
The Issuer is a parent (holding) company of the Group. All business operations of the Group are mainly 
conducted by the Issuer’s direct and indirect subsidiaries. 
The Group operates in the construction and industrial equipment rental business primarily in the Baltic 
countries, Finland and Sweden. As of 31 December 2022, the Issuer had 26 depots in five countries.  
The equipment offered for rent by the Group consists of industrial and construction brands of leading global 
manufacturers (Bosch, Husqvarna, Bobcat, CAT, HILTI, Karcher, Halotte, JCB, and many others). The Group 
offers 25 different product groups for rent, the major being aerial lifts and working platforms, earthmoving 
equipment and scaffolding. 
The Group rents both their own equipment and equipment owned by third-parties via the Issuer’s rental 
platform.  
In addition, the Group also provides assembly and removal, tractor machinery operator, transportation and 
sale services.  
Basic information 
Registration number:  
40203174397 
Registered address: 
Matrožu iela 15A, Riga, LV-1048, Latvia 
Website: 
 
www.storent.lv  
Telephone number: 
+371 29 340 012 
E-mail: 
 
investor.relations@storent.com 
History and development of the Group  
2008 – SIA “Storent” was established on 17 April 2008 with an aim to become the largest rental services 
company specialising in construction machinery and equipment rental in Latvia and other nearby European 
countries. First foreign subsidiary UAB Storent was established in Lithuania at the end of 2008. All subsidiaries 
were consolidated under SIA “Storent”. 
2009 – A subsidiary OÜ Storent was established in Estonia in mid-2009. Rental depots were opened in Vilnius 
and Tallinn. 
2010 – SIA “Storent” finished the financial year among top 3 market leaders in rental service companies by 
annual revenue that specialise in construction machinery and equipment rental in Latvia. Web site 
www.storent.com (currently – www.storent.lv) was launched. 7 new rental depots were opened – 3 in Latvia, 3 
in Lithuania and 1 in Estonia. 
2011 – For the first time, SIA “Storent”, UAB Storent and OÜ Storent (“Storent Baltics”) finished the financial 
year among top 3 market leaders in rental service companies by annual revenue that specialise in construction 
machinery and equipment rental in the Baltics. A subsidiary Oy Storent was established in Finland at the end 
of 2011. 5 new rental depots were opened – 3 in Latvia, 1 in Lithuania and 1 in Estonia. 
2012 – Storent Baltics remained among top 3 market leaders in the Baltics. 7 new rental depots were opened 
– 2 in Latvia, 1 in Lithuania and 4 in Estonia. SIA “Storent holding” was established in Latvia, and the Group 
at the time consisted of 5 entities – SIA “Storent holding” and 4 subsidiaries in the Baltics and Scandinavia. 
2013 – Storent Baltics remained among top 3 market leaders in the Baltics. A subsidiary Storent AB was 
established in Sweden and a subsidiary Storent AS was established in Norway. 1 new rental depot was opened 
in Latvia. At the end of 2013 the Group (SIA “Storent holding” and 6 subsidiaries in the Baltics and Scandinavia) 
consisted of 7 entities. 
2014 – Storent Baltics remained among top 3 market leaders in the Baltics. AS “Storent Investments” was 
established on 7 October 2014 in Latvia. A reputable investor Darby Private Equity made an investment in 
Storent via Darby Converging Europe Fund III (SCS) SICAR. The new investment was attracted to expand the

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
 
rental machinery and equipment offering, strengthen the Group’s position in the Baltics and expand 
development in other geographic markets. 
2015 – Storent Baltics remained among top 3 market leaders in the Baltics. A reorganisation of SIA “Storent 
holding” was implemented by merging it with AS “Storent Investments”.  
2016 – Storent Baltics remained among top 3 market leaders in the Baltics. In December 2016, Oy Storent 
acquired Oy Leinolift, a Finnish rental company with main business segments in rent of aerial lifts and cranes. 
At the end of 2016 the Group (AS “Storent Investments” and 7 subsidiaries in the Baltics and Scandinavia) 
consisted of 8 entities.  
2017 – In August 2017, the Group finalized the second acquisition by purchasing Cramo operations in Latvia 
and Kaliningrad. The acquisition perfectly fit the Group’s development strategy and allowed the Group to reach 
leading market position in Latvia. In summer 2017, the Group started rental operations in Sweden. At that point 
only Norwegian entity did not conduct economic activity. At the end of 2017 the Group consisted of 9 entities 
with the AS “Storent Investments” and 8 subsidiaries in the Baltics, Russia (Kaliningrad region) and 
Scandinavia. In June 2017, AS “Storent Investments” made its debut bond issue thus attracting financing from 
capital markets. 
2018 – The debut bond issue was listed on Nasdaq Baltic Bond List. 
2020 – The Group launched digital transformation to achieve better efficiency of operations and improve 
customer satisfaction. 
2022 – In 2022 the Group made a decision to divest from their operations in Russia (Kaliningrad region). In 
December 2022, AS “Storent Investments” business was combined with SIA “SEL investments”, its long-term 
partner’s operations, thus significantly improving financial standing of the new holding. With this transaction 
SIA “SUPREMO”, 100 per-cent owned by Andris Pavlovs, and SIA EEKI, 100 per-cent owned by Eri Esta, 
became the shareholders of the Issuer.  
There have not been any recent material events that would be relevant for assessing the solvency of the Issuer.  
Investments  
During financial year 2022, the Group made approximately EUR 8 million investments in fixed assets that 
allowed to maintain operations in the Baltics, Finland and Sweden. The Group management plans to continue 
investing in development of subsidiaries in Baltics with an objective to acquire larger part of market share and 
to become the market leader, as well as continue to strengthen its position in Nordic market. 
Since 31 December 2022 the Group has made investments in total amount of EUR 1 million. The investments 
were primarily made to expand the rental fleet. The Group’s management estimates that investments in 2023 
will be financed primarily through cash flow from operations and credit facilities. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Group’s management has not made any firm, irreversible 
investment commitments. 
The Group’s investments in fixed assets are distributed as follows: 
 
 
 
Aerial lifts & working platforms
42%
Earthmoving equipment
14%
Scaffolding
9%
Site units
8%
Cranes
7%
Other
21%

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
 
Geographical markets 
Latvia is the Group’s largest market and it provided 35 per-cent of its annual 2022 revenue. The Group is 
diversified geographically, and the second largest share of revenue came from the Nordic market- Finland 
constituted 27 per-cent of 2022 turnover. It was preceded by 22 per-cent revenue from Lithuania. The net book 
value of property, plant and equipment amounted to EUR 28 million at the end of 2022. Its largest market 
Latvia held 36 per-cent of the fixed assets book value, while Finland followed with a 25 per-cent share of the 
assets.  
Clients 
The Company has a highly diversified customer base, with around 44,000 customer contracts in total, with 
27,000 customers who have been active since 2019. Key customers include construction companies with 
different profiles (general construction, electrical works, roads, and infrastructure), industrial operators, port 
operators, etc. Clients representing residential construction do not constitute a large turnover for the company, 
as the machinery is more tailored for larger projects. The average client size is relatively small, as the top 10 
clients constituted only 9 per-cent of total revenue in 2021, giving the Company a substantial bargaining power. 
This can be seen, as the Company managed to slightly increase the prices of equipment rental and other 
services in the latest quarters, in line with the general rise in prices in construction and the economy as a 
whole. 
The Group’s strategy 
Development strategy 
The Company's management has identified three crucial areas that will have a significant impact on the 
Group's future development. These domains encompass digitalization, increased profitability and efficiency, 
as well as customer loyalty and retention. 
Digitalization and online rental sales are the top priority for the Group. The Group plans to continue developing 
its digital rental infrastructure and introduce new IT solutions to support its digital strategy. Thus, the Group 
aims to enhance efficiency and lower costs by partly automating and efficient delivery and return transactions. 
The Group’s strategy for increased profitability and efficiency involves expanding its digital background and 
online platform usage in both customer-facing transactions and internal operations. User-friendly solutions will 
enable sales volume growth without significant increases in labour or other costs, thereby increasing margins. 
The Group aligns the customer service and sales team's performance incentives with the promotion of online 
transactions to secure the implementation of the digitalization strategy.  
Finally, the Group aims to improve customer loyalty and retention by launching a customer reward program 
with significant benefits for online orders. Depending on the reward level, customers can earn up to 5 per-cent 
of the rental price in Rental Coins, which can be used to pay for the Group’s services. Automated solutions will 
free up customer service and sales to focus on key accounts and new lead generation.  
Overall, the Group’s development strategy aims to improve operational efficiency, reduce costs, and increase 
profitability while enhancing customer loyalty and retention through innovative and customer-centric initiatives. 
Financing strategy 
The Group's primary focus is to maximize the growth of the business by effectively utilizing all available 
sources. Over the years, the Group has relied on a variety of financing sources, including funds provided by 
shareholders in the form of share capital and loans, local leasing companies, leasing provided by equipment 
manufacturers, and publicly listed notes. The Company's management team is committed to exploring all 
possible financing options to support the growth of the business of the Group in the long term. 
The Group's financing strategy involves assessing each potential source of funding based on its long-term 
benefits and value to the business. The aim is to ensure access to the right financing at the right time, while 
also optimizing the cost of financing to achieve the best possible results for the Group. 
The Group is committed to maintaining a strong and healthy balance sheet that can support growth while 
managing the associated risks. By maintaining a diversified funding base and carefully managing the use of 
capital, the Group is well-positioned to fund its operations and capitalize on future growth opportunities. 
Sustainability strategy 
The Group is operating in equipment rental industry, which by its own nature is a part of the circular economy. 
Customers who choose to rent necessary equipment rather than buy it help to sustain environment. The Issuer 
and its subsidiaries keep equipment in good shape by regularly cleaning and adhering to manufacturers’

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
 
maintenance schedules, which helps to prolong useful life of machinery and tools. The Group’s vision is to 
offer customers high quality services that minimize idle time of each piece of equipment.

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
 
INFORMATION ABOUT THE GROUP’S BUSINESS OPERATIONS 
Market position and key strengths of the Group 
Since its establishment in 2008, the Group has pursued a growth strategy through organic expansion as well 
as acquisitions. As a result of this strategy, the Group has become a major player in the market, with key 
strengths as follows. 
The Group has an impressive portfolio of 25 product groups that cover the majority of customers' daily 
equipment needs. This breadth of product offerings provides the Group with a competitive advantage in terms 
of the variety of solutions it can offer customers. 
The Group has made significant investments in digitalization, enabling streamlined internal processes and 
enhancing customer relations. For example, the Group has minimized paper-based contracts by shifting to 
digitally signed ones, making the rental process more efficient for both the Group and its customers. 
The strategically located depots of the Group allow for rapid equipment delivery to customers. This is a major 
selling point in the industry where customers often require equipment on short notice. 
Overall, these strengths have contributed to the Group's success in the market and its ability to meet the 
evolving needs of its customers. 
Business processes of the Group 
The Group operates its rental equipment business under three different approaches. Firstly, they have their 
own equipment that generates all income for the company while bearing all associated costs and risks. 
The Group’s own assets generate most of the Group's revenues. Secondly, the Group attracts partners to 
provide equipment to be rented out using the Group’s depot infrastructure. This split-rent model allows the 
Group to grow rapidly without significant capital expenditures, as the Group receives a share of the revenue 
without being obligated to provide a minimum revenue level to the asset owner. Finally, whenever a customer 
requests equipment that the Group does not have, the Group re-rents it from elsewhere, still satisfying the 
customer needs. 
Digitalization of business processes not only reduces costs but also allows for faster and more efficient 
transactions. The favourable location of depots is also a key strength of the group, allowing for the delivery of 
equipment to customers in a short timeframe. Overall, the combination of these strengths and strategies has 
allowed the Group to establish a strong market position in the rental equipment industry. 
IT systems  
The Group considers a modern IT system a crucial element in its operations. The Group aims to fully digitalize 
its external and internal rental operations, and its IT system is built upon a powerful proprietary digital platform 
designed for both mobile and desktop use. The Group’s team possesses unique expertise in driving online 
sales, digitalizing internal processes, and leading digital transformation for client solutions. 
The proprietary client platform enables customer registration, automated equipment delivery and return 
process, as well as rental agreement signing. The platform significantly improves operational efficiency and 
profitability by facilitating rental process for both the customer and the Group.  
Since its public digitalization efforts started in 2020, the Group has achieved significant results. In the Baltics, 
50 per-cent of all rental transactions by volume are conducted online, while 15 per-cent of rental transactions 
are conducted online in the Nordics. Moreover, 90 per-cent of all documents in the Baltics are signed digitally, 
while 20% of documents are digitally signed in the Nordics.  
Management team 
The Issuer has a two-member management board. Both ultimate beneficial owners – Andris Pavlovs and Ēri 
Esta serve as the management board members of the Issuer and are authorized to represent the Issuer 
individually.  
The Group’s management team also includes: 
• 
Guntis Grīnbergs, Head of Sales and Development, joined the Group 12 years ago; 
• 
Baiba Onkele, Chief Financial Officer, joined the Group 14 ago; 
• 
Māris Bisnieks, Fleet Development and Purchasing Manager, joined the Group 14 years ago; 
• 
Edvards Reliņš, Repair and Maintenance Technical Manager, joined the Group 3 years ago.

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
 
• 
Jānis Spalle, Fleet Management, joined the Group 9 years ago. 
Each country has a local management team which focuses on operations within respective market. 
Experienced and professional management team serves as a strong foundation for successful growth of the 
Group in the future. 
Employees 
All employees within Group companies are performing roles either in the head office (located in Riga, Latvia), 
financial and administrative, sales, technical or as operators.  
The Group employs 90 people in Latvia, 55 people in Finland, 47 in Lithuania, 36 people in Estonia and 11 
people in Sweden.  
Work relationships with employees are based on standard employment agreements, employees are paid 
average market or above market salaries, generally based on fixed salary and fixed allowances. Different 
remuneration principles are defined across departments. All new employees have an onboarding plan with 
training (internal and external) necessary for their position. 
Related party transactions 
The Group companies have various intra group transactions on regular basis. This allows the Group to operate 
more efficiently. 
There are also transactions between the Group and its shareholders or legal entities controlled by the 
shareholders. Historically the most significant transactions were the Group’s borrowings from companies 
controlled by shareholders of the Group. Interest rates and other terms and conditions of the loans are based 
on market principles.  
Since February 2023, SIA “Preferrent Investments”, registration number: 44103125936, legal address: 
Maskavas iela 240 - 3, Riga, LV-1063, Latvia, a company operating an online marketplace for rental 
companies, has become a sister company of the Group, as its shareholders, among others, include SIA EEKI 
and SIA “SUPREMO”, and the ultimate beneficial owners are Erī Esta (through SIA EKKI) and Andris Pavlovs 
(through SIA “SUPREMO”). In the past the Group has offered its equipment through Preferrent platform for a 
fee and such model will remain in the foreseeable future. 
Also, since February 2023, SIA “Cargopoint Investments”, registration number: 41203072873, legal address: 
Maskavas iela 240 – 3, Rīga, LV-1063, Latvia, a company operating a cargo transportation marketplace, has 
become a sister company of the Group, as its shareholders, among others, include SIA EEKI, and SIA 
“SUPREMO”, and the ultimate beneficial owners are Erī Esta (through SIA EKKI) and Andris Pavlovs (through 
SIA “SUPREMO”).  
All significant related party transactions are disclosed in the annual reports of the Group.

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
 
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE 
The Issuer is a parent (holding) company of the Group. The Issuer is controlled by SIA EEKI, a private limited 
company incorporated in and operating under the laws of the Republic of Latvia, registered with the 
Commercial Register of the Republic of Latvia under registration number: 50203072081 and having its legal 
address at Krišjāņa Valdemāra iela 33 - 43, Riga, LV-1010, Latvia, (holding 50.00 per-cent of the shares of the 
Issuer) and SIA “SUPREMO”, a private limited company incorporated in and operating under the laws of the 
Republic of Latvia, registered with the Commercial Register of the Republic of Latvia under registration 
number: 40003870242 and having its legal address at Mārupes nov., Babītes pag., Dzilnuciems, Parka aleja 
5, LV-2107, Latvia (holding 50.00 per-cent of the shares of the Issuer). The ultimate beneficial owners of the 
Issuer are Erī Esta (through SIA EKKI) and Andris Pavlovs (through SIA “SUPREMO”). 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Group includes the Issuer, shareholders of the Issuer and the 
following directly and indirectly owned subsidiaries of the Issuer:  
During 2023 the Group contemplates to carry out the following reorganisations within the Group: 
(1) 
SIA “SEL investments”, registration number: 40203123348, by way of reorganisation will be acquired 
by AS “Storent Investments”, registration number: 40103834303, as a result of which all assets and 
liabilities of SIA “SEL investments” will be transferred to AS “Storent Investments”, and SIA “SEL 
investments” will cease to exist without liquidation. As a result of the reorganisation, inter alia, AS 
“Storent Investments” will become the sole shareholder of SIA “SELECTIA”, registration number: 
50103573441, and SIA “SELECTIA PLUS”, registration number: 40203130161; 
(2) 
SIA “SELECTIA”, registration number: 50103573441, and SIA “SELECTIA PLUS”, registration 
number: 40203130161, by way of reorganisation will be acquired by SIA “Storent”, registration number: 
40103164284, as a result of which all assets and liabilities of SIA “SELECTIA” and SIA “SELECTIA 
PLUS” will be transferred to SIA “Storent”, and SIA “SELECTIA” and SIA “SELECTIA PLUS” will cease 
to exist without liquidation. 
It is envisaged that the aforementioned reorganisations within the Group will be commenced by no later than 
within third quarter of 2023, and will be completed within approximately six months or less following the 
commencement of the reorganisations. It is envisaged that the reorganisations will optimise the Group’s 
revenues and expenses, and it will have a positive impact on the overall structure and financial indicators of 
the Group.  
Furthermore, to mitigate further potential risks relating to exposure of the Group’s business to Russia, the 
Group is currently contemplating to sell or otherwise dispose all equity interest owned by AS “Storent 
Investments” in Storent OOO, a Group company that is registered in and operates only in Kaliningrad region, 
a Russian exclave between Poland and Lithuania.

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
 
As a result of the contemplated reorganisations within the Group, as well as the sale or other disposal of all 
equity interest owned by AS “Storent Investments” in Storent OOO, the Group will include the Issuer, 
shareholders of the Issuer and the following directly and indirectly owned subsidiaries of the Issuer:

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
 
ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BODIES 
In accordance with the Commercial Law and the Articles of Association, the Company has the following 
corporate governance structure: 
• 
Shareholders’ Meeting; and 
• 
Management Board. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Company has not established the Audit Committee. The Audit 
Committee will be elected in the next Shareholders’ Meeting of the Company which will take place following 
the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Shareholders’ Meeting  
The Shareholders’ Meeting is the superior governing forum of the Issuer. The Shareholders’ Meeting is 
convened by the management board of the Issuer in the order prescribed by the Commercial Law. It has the 
capacity to act irrespective of the time and manner it was convened if all share capital with voting rights is 
present at the meeting. The Shareholders’ Meeting of the Issuer is considered to have quorum if shareholders 
representing more than 50 per-cent of the voting rights are present at the Shareholders’ Meeting of the Issuer. 
The Shareholders’ Meeting of the Issuer is entitled to adopt the decisions on, inter alia, approval of the annual 
reports, distribution of profits, election and revocation of the members of the Management Board, auditors, 
controllers and liquidators, bringing a claim or withdrawing a claim brought against a member of the 
Management Board or an auditor, amendments to the Articles of Association, increasing or decreasing equity 
capital, issue and conversion of securities, the amount of remuneration to be paid to auditors and members of 
the Management Board, termination, continuation, suspension and resumption of business activities, 
reorganization, granting of shares to employees and members of the Management Board. 
Management Board 
The Management Board of the Issuer is the executive body which manages and represents the Issuer in its 
daily business activities. 
The members of the Management Board are elected by the Shareholders’ Meeting. The Chairman of the 
Management Board is elected by the Management Board, and is responsible for organising the activities of 
the Management Board. 
According to the Articles of Association of the Issuer the Management Board consists of two members: 
• 
Andris Pavlovs, Chairman of the Management Board. Mr Pavlovs’ experience in equipment rental 
business spans over two decades. His educational background is in finance, and a significant portion 
of his career is rooted in the field, complimented by extensive experience in audit and accounting. 
Notably, he served as the CFO of SIA Ramiteh from 2001 to 2008. Mr Pavlovs has a penchant for 
exploring innovative approaches and leveraging digital tools and systems. Throughout his career, he 
has successfully implemented several ERP systems and introduced new business strategies. With 
an MBA degree from Riga Business School, Mr. Pavlovs consistently demonstrates his commitment 
to professional growth and excellence. Currently Mr. Pavlovs holds positions on the Management 
Boards of various entities, including AS "Storent Investments," Storent OÜ in Estonia, Storent Oy in 
Finland, and Storent AB in Sweden. 
• 
Ēri Esta, member of the Management Board. Mr Esta brings with him over 20 years of experience in 
management roles, with an impressive 17-year tenure in the logistics industry. His track record 
includes notable positions such as Chairman of the Management Board of SIA Rīgas osta elevators 
(2005-2018) and Chairman of the Management Board at SIA Rīgas centrālais termināls (2007-2018). 
As a seasoned professional in the field, Mr. Esta possesses a strategic view of business and 
invaluable experience in leading large-scale projects. Mr. Esta's achievements are further enhanced 
by his academic accomplishments. He holds an MBA degree from Riga Business School, which 
serves as a testament to his dedication to professional development and continuous growth. 
The business address of each member of the Management Board is Matrožu iela 15A, Riga, LV-1048, Latvia. 
Audit Committee 
Upon election, the Audit Committee will operate under the Commercial Law (in Latvian – Komerclikums), the 
Financial Instruments Market Law (in Latvian – Finanšu instrument tirgus likums) and the Regulations of the 
Audit Committee approved by the shareholder of the Company. The principal duties of the Audit Committee 
will be to supervise the effectiveness of the Company's internal control, risk management and the Company's

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
 
internal audit system as far as it concerns the reliability and objectivity of the annual reports and consolidated 
annual reports, as well as make proposals to address the deficiencies of the relevant system. 
The Audit Committee will consist of three members elected by the Shareholders’ Meeting. The Audit Committee 
will be chaired by its Chairperson, elected by the members of the Audit Committee from amongst themselves. 
The Audit Committee will report its assessments and findings to the Shareholders’ Meeting at least once a 
year. No restrictions will be imposed on the Audit Committee’s actions, and the representatives of the Company 
will ensure the availability of all necessary information to the Audit Committee. 
The business address of each member of the Company’s Audit Committee will be Matrožu iela 15A, Riga, LV-
1048, Latvia. 
Conflict of interest 
The Company is not aware of any conflicts of interest or potential conflicts of interest between the company 
duties of the members of the Management Board and their private interests and/or their other duties.

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
 
SHAREHOLDERS 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the shareholders of the Issuer are: 
• 
SIA EEKI, a private limited company incorporated in and operating under the laws of the Republic of 
Latvia, registered with the Commercial Register of the Republic of Latvia under registration number: 
50203072081 and having its legal address at Krišjāņa Valdemāra iela 33 - 43, Riga, LV-1010, Latvia, 
which owns 50.00 per-cent of shares in the Issuer. All shares of SIA EEKI are owned by a private 
individual Erī Esta; 
• 
SIA “SUPREMO”, a private limited company incorporated in and operating under the laws of the 
Republic of Latvia, registered with the Commercial Register of the Republic of Latvia under registration 
number: 40003870242 and having its legal address at Mārupes nov., Babītes pag., Dzilnuciems, Parka 
aleja 5, LV-2107, Latvia, which owns 50.00 per-cent of shares in the Issuer. All shares of SIA 
“SUPREMO” are owned by a private individual Andris Pavlovs. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, there are no arrangements, known to the Issuer, the operation of which 
may at a subsequent date result in a change in control of the Issuer.

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
 
SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
The following table is a summary of the Group’s consolidated financial performance and key performance 
indicators for the two financial years ending 31 December 2021 and 2022. The information set out in the table 
below has been extracted (without any material adjustment) from, and is qualified by reference to and should 
be read in conjunction with the audited Group’s consolidated annual report for the year 31 December 2022 
which is incorporated by reference to this Base Prospectus and forms an integral part of this Base Prospectus. 
The Group's consolidated annual report is prepared according to International Financial Reporting Standards 
(IFRS).  
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income 
2021 
2022 
  
EUR 
EUR 
Net revenue 
42 267 488 
43 578 307 
Other operating income 
1 284 360 
3 617 951 
Cost of materials and services 
-23 652 731 
-26 587 864 
Personnel costs 
-8 673 428 
-8 338 616 
Other operating expenses 
-5 879 621 
-6 642 048 
Depreciation and amotrization 
-6 603 269 
-5 187 395 
Impairement gain / (loss) on trade receivables and contract asset 
59 436 
-458 046 
Impairement loss on goodwill 
0 
-329 585 
Gain in bargain purchase 
0 
7 270 495 
Finance income 
23 386 
24 284 
Finance expenses 
-2 439 986 
-2 137 530 
Profit / (loss) before income tax 
-3 614 365 
4 809 953 
Income tax income / (expenses) 
-1 008 
-3 426 
Profit/(loss) from discontinuing operation, net of tax 
212 523 
-31 987 
Profit / (loss) for the year from continuing operations 
-3 402 850 
4 774 540 
Items that may be reclasified subsequently to profit or loss 
  
Exchange differences on foreign currency operations 
-23 033 
16 335 
Other comprehensive income/(loss) for the year 
-23 033 
16 335 
Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the year 
-3 425 883 
4 790 875 
 
Consolidated statement of financial position 
  
31.12.2022 
31.12.2022 
  
EUR 
EUR 
ASSETS 
  
  
NON-CURRENT ASSETS 
  
  
Intangible assets 
  
  
Licences and similar rights 
20 816 
57 708 
Computer software 
1 030 135 
2 018 611 
Intangible assets in process 
985 288 
0 
Goodwill 
11 316 707 
10 987 122 
Total intangible assets 
13 352 946 
13 063 441 
Property, plant and equipment

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
 
Lands and buildings 
204 070 
189 014 
Machinery and equipment 
9 382 163 
17 921 810 
Other fixed assets 
369 586 
352 439 
Total property, plant and equipment 
9 955 819 
18 463 263 
Rights of use assets 
  
  
Right of use assets 
13 428 294 
9 927 276 
Other non-current assets 
  
  
Deferred income tax assets 
1 286 
0 
Total other non-current assets 
1 286 
0 
TOTAL NON-CURRENT ASSETS 
36 738 345 
41 453 980 
Inventories 
1 150 870 
1 155 604 
Receivables 
  
  
Trade receivables 
5 928 929 
7 417 358 
Contract assets 
4 192 
2 667 
Other receivables 
232 513 
280 352 
Prepaid expenses 
119 628 
227 830 
Total receivables 
6 285 262 
7 928 207 
Cash and cash equivalents 
920 267 
675 052 
Non-current assets held for sale 
406 596 
217 933 
TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS 
8 762 995 
9 976 795 
TOTAL ASSETS 
45 501 340 
51 430 775 
  
  
  
EQUITY 
  
  
Share capital 
150 000 
18 150 000 
Reserves: 
  
  
Foreign currency translation reserve 
-48 136 
-31 801 
Other reserves 
26 774 
26 774 
  
  
  
Accumulated losses: 
  
  
Retained earings / (accumulated losses) 
11 985 211 
4 912 380 
TOTAL EQUITY 
12 113 849 
23 057 353 
  
  
  
CREDITORS 
  
  
Long term liabilities 
  
  
Lease liabilities 
6 789 551 
3 488 376 
Other borrowing 
1 504 527 
5 685 286 
Deferred income tax liabilities 
1 286 
0 
Total long-term liabilities 
8 295 364 
9 173 662 
Short-term liabilities 
  
  
Issued bonds 
4 838 565 
4 898 735 
Borrowings from related parties 
6 123 340 
1 339 536 
Lease liabilities 
5 133 199 
3 561 067

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
 
Other borrowing 
1 766 203 
1 372 568 
Contract liabilities 
404 345 
337 402 
Trade payables 
3 945 995 
5 162 359 
Corporate income tax 
17 472 
531 
Taxes and mandatory state social insurance contributions 
923 160 
680 110 
Deferred income 
79 443 
49 540 
Other provisions 
138 903 
128 956 
Other liabilities 
389 481 
356 645 
Accured liabilities 
1 308 982 
1 194 378 
Liabilities directly associated with the assets held for sale 
23 039 
117 933 
Total short-term liabilities 
25 092 127 
19 199 760 
TOTAL LIABILITIES 
33 387 491 
28 373 422 
TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 
45 501 340 
51 430 775 
 
Consolidated statement of cash flows 
  
2021 
2022 
  
EUR 
EUR 
Cash flows from operating activities 
  
  
Loss for the year 
-3 402 850 
4 774 540 
Adjustments 
  
  
Income tax expenses 
57 655 
3 426 
Amortisation of intangible assets and depreciation of 
property, plant and equipment 
6 687 324 
5 187 395 
Net result on diposal of property, plant and equipment 
138 892 
-887 589 
Interest expense 
2 398 072 
1 984 104 
Provision decrease 
21 984 
-9 948 
Impairment losses on intangible asets and goodwill 
0 
329 585 
Gain on bargain purchase 
  
-7 270 495 
Cash flows from operating activities before changes in 
working capital 
5 901 077 
4 111 018 
Receivables (increase)/ decrease 
1 812 710 
673 967 
Inventories decrease / (increase) 
-42 523 
301 862 
Payables decrease/increase 
479 537 
297 183 
Cash flows from operating activities 
8 150 801 
5 384 030 
Interest paid 
-1 754 859 
-1 519 240 
Corporate income tax paid 
-37 505 
-16 940 
Net cash flow generated from operating activities 
6 358 437 
3 847 850 
Cash flows from investing activites 
  
  
Cash in subsidiary at the aquistion moment 
0 
173 490 
Purchase of intangible assets and property, plant and equipment 
-2 225 314 
-2 824 088 
Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment 
6 665 804 
5 649 303 
Net cash used in investing activities 
4 440 490 
2 998 705 
Cash flows from financing

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
 
Proceeds from borrowings from related parties 
0 
650 000 
Repayment of bonds 
-2 625 800 
0 
Repayment of other borrowings 
-3 933 999 
-2 795 101 
Repayment of lease liabilities 
-7 015 968 
-4 963 004 
Net cash used in financing activities 
-13 575 767 
-7 108 105 
Foreign currency exchange 
-23 033 
16 335 
Net cash flow for the year 
-2 799 873 
-245 215 
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the reporting year 
3 720 140 
920 267 
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the reporting year 
920 267 
675 052 
 
The Group’s interest bearing debt 
  
31.12.2022 
 
EUR 
Total interest bearing debt 
20 345 568  
Lease liabilities 
7 049 443  
Luminor Līzings, SIA 
2 737 912  
Nordea Rahoitus Suomi Oy 
2 005 094  
OP Corporate Bank plc filiāle Latvijā, AKF 
601 431  
Secto Automotive Oy 
349 819  
Citadele Leasing SIA 
209 456  
OP Yrityspankki 
132 366  
Others 
1 013 364  
Other borrowing 
7 057 854  
Levina Investments S.a.r.l. 
5 430 175  
Haulotte Group 
687 373  
Manitou BF 
603 417  
Yanmar Construction 
282 697  
CITP SIA 
54 192  
Issued bonds 
4 898 735  
Borrowings from related parties 
1 339 536  
EEKI SIA 
1 000 000  
Esta Erī 
339 536  
At December 2022 the Group had EUR 20,345,568 in interest bearing liabilities, which includes loans from 
related parties - a loan from one of the beneficial owners EUR 339,536 and a loan from one of the parent 
companies SIA EEKI, amounting to EUR 1,000,000. The most significant liability positions come from Levina 
Investments S.a.r.l., a loan from the previous majority shareholder, and the recent bond issue of AS Storent 
Investments- both to be repaid by the proceeds of the offering.  
Pro-forma financial figures 
In addition to the Group’s consolidated annual report for the year 31 December 2022, prepared in accordance 
with IFRS, this Sub-section presents pro-forma financial figures. Pro-forma financials are calculated assuming 
that AS “Storent Investments”” and SIA “SEL investments” were merged since 1 January 2019. Such approach 
allows perspective investors to review performance of the group without one-time impact of the official merger.

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
 
Consolidated profit and loss statement 
2019 
2020 
2021 
2022 
Total Sales 
46 144 
40 924 
42 616 
44 947 
Services & Sales of equipment 
9 287 
9 454 
8 851 
8 471 
Profit from fixed asset sale 
1 218 
163 
928 
890 
Income from repairing 
674 
653 
764 
1 012 
Other income 
  
  
  
1 842 
Total Rental income 
34 964 
30 654 
32 073 
32 731 
Rental income own fleet 
30 252 
25 753 
26 462 
26 045 
Rental income splitrent, rerent 
4 712 
4 902 
5 611 
6 686 
Total Costs 
-30 620 
-30 115 
-28 997 
-31 119 
Costs services & sales of equipment 
-7 549 
-7 034 
-6 989 
-6 864 
Repairing costs 
-3 263 
-3 213 
-3 326 
-3 570 
Cost splitrent, rerent 
-3 467 
-3 521 
-4 168 
-5 124 
Salaries costs 
-8 697 
-8 397 
-7 643 
-7 194 
Other costs 
-5 153 
-5 706 
-4 972 
-6 154 
Management bonus, management fee 
-2 491 
-2 244 
-1 899 
-2 213 
EBITDA 
15 523 
10 809 
13 619 
13 827 
Depreciation 
-11 434 
-10 346 
-9 456 
-8 930 
EBIT  
4 089 
463 
4 163 
4 897 
Financial 
-3 396 
-3 235 
-2 724 
-2 330 
Others 
0 
-4 046   
6 908 
EBT 
693 
-6 817 
1 439 
9 475 
Tax 
230 
-591 
-42 
-3 
Net Income 
922 
-7 408 
1 397 
9 471 
Balance Sheet 
 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2020 
31.12.2021 
31.12.2022 
Non-current assets & Goodwill & Trade Mark 
69 163 
56 429 
48 409 
41 454 
Current assets less cash 
7 334 
6 884 
7 177 
9 302 
Cash 
4 096 
3 619 
691 
675 
Total assets 
80 593 
66 931 
56 278 
51 430 
Equity (incl.minority) + Owners subordinated loans  
27 810 
20 089 
20 883 
23 057 
Interest bearing debt 
46 562 
40 008 
29 373 
20 345 
Other liabilities 
6 221 
6 834 
6 022 
8 028 
Total equity and liabilities 
80 593 
66 931 
56 278 
51 430 
Cash flow statement 
 
2019 
2020 
2021 
2022 
Net Income before other costs 
922 
-7 408 
1 397 
2 563 
Depreciation 
11 434 
10 346 
9 456 
8 930 
Changes in Current assets 
-351 
450 
-293 
-2 006 
Changes in Other liabilities 
-1 494 
613 
-812 
1 888

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
 
Total operational cash flow 
10 512 
4 002 
9 748 
11 375 
Received from sale of FA 
  
536   
  
New investments in fleet 
-9 051   
  
  
Cash payments for own use long term assets 
-1 603 
-1 670 
-1 841 
-2 514 
Total Investment cash flow 
-10 654 
-1 134 
-1 841 
-2 514 
Correction 
0 
4 046   
  
New loans 
11 292 
0 
1 465 
0 
Repayment of existing loans 
-13 540 
-6 172 
-10 484 
-6 644 
Owners loans 
0 
785 
605 
-1 785 
Levina loan 
322 
699 
405 
-599 
Bonds 
1 755 
-2 504 
-2 626 
0 
Dividends 
-926 
-200 
-200 
150 
Total Financing cash flow 
-1 097 
-3 346 
-10 835 
-8 878 
Change in cash 
-1 239 
-477 
-2 927 
-16 
Beginning balance of cash 
5 336 
4 096 
3 619 
691 
Ending balance of cash 
4 096 
3 619 
691 
675 
 
Alternative performance measures (APM) 
This Base Prospectus includes certain references to APMs derived from the audited Group’s consolidated 
annual report for the year 31 December 2022 such as EBITDA, net debt, net debt to EBITDA and equity ratio. 
The Group uses these APMs to evaluate its performance, and this additional financial information is presented 
in this Base Prospectus. This information should be viewed as supplemental to the audited Group’s 
consolidated annual report for the year 31 December 2022. Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance 
on this information and should note that the APMs, as calculated by the Group, may differ materially from 
similarly titled measures reported by other companies, including the Group’s competitors. 
The APMs presented in this section are not defined in accordance with IFRS. An APM should not be considered 
in isolation from, or as substitute for any analysis of, financial measures defined according to IFRS. Investors 
are advised to review these APMs in conjunction with the audited Group’s consolidated annual report for the 
year 31 December 2022 incorporated by reference to this Base Prospectus. The following tables present the 
selected APMs of the Group for the indicated periods or as of the indicated dates: 
1) The Issuer’s financials 
 
  
31.12.2021 
31.12.2022  
  
EUR 
EUR 
EBITDA 
5 405 504 
5 169 684 
Net debt 
25 235 118 
19 670 516 
Net debt to EBITDA 
4.67 
3.80 
Equity ratio 
26.6% 
44.8%

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
 
2) The Group’s pro-forma financials 
 
 
2019, '000 EUR 
2020, '000 EUR 
2021, '000 EUR 
2022, '000 EUR 
Changes, 2022 
vs 2021, % 
EBITDA 
15 523 
10 809 
13 619 
13 827 
1,5% 
Net debt 
42 465 
36 389 
28 682 
19 670 
-31,4% 
Net debt to EBITDA 
           2,74  
           3,37  
           2,11  
         1,42  
-32,4% 
Equity ratio 
35% 
30% 
37% 
45% 
21% 
 
EBITDA, net debt, net debt to EBITDA and equity ratio measures should not be used instead of, or considered 
as alternatives to, the Group’s consolidated historical financial results based on IFRS. The non-IFRS measures 
relate to the reporting periods and are not meant to be predictive of future results. The management of the 
Group uses EBITDA, net debt, net debt to EBITDA and equity ratio measures because the Company believes 
that these measures are commonly used by lenders, investors and analysts. 
These measures are presented for purposes of providing investors with a better understanding of the Group’s 
financial performance, cash flows or financial position as they are used by the Group when managing its 
business. 
EBITDA  
EBITDA should not be considered as alternative to profit before tax as defined by IFRS or to cash flows from 
operating activities (or any other performance measure determined in accordance with IFRS) or as indicator 
of operating performance or as measure of the Group’s liquidity. In particular, EBITDA should not be considered 
as measures of discretionary cash available to the Group to invest in the growth of the Group’s businesses. 
EBITDA has certain limitations as an analytical tool, and should not be considered in isolation, or as a substitute 
for financial information as reported under IFRS. Investors should not place undue reliance on this data. 
EBITDA means the net income of the measurement period before: (a) any provision on account of taxation; 
(b) any interest, commission, discounts or other fees incurred or payable, received or receivable in respect of 
financial indebtedness; (c) any items treated as exceptional or extraordinary; (d) any depreciation and 
amortisation of tangible and intangible assets; and (e) any re-valuation, disposal or writing off of assets. 
No statement in this Base Prospectus is intended as a profit/EBITDA forecast and no statement in this Base 
Prospectus should be interpreted to mean that the earnings of the Group for the current or future years would 
necessarily match or exceed the historical published earnings of the Group. 
The table below presents reconciliation of EBITDA to the net profit: 
 
1) The Issuer’s financials 
 
 
 
31.12.2021 
31.12.2022  
EUR 
EUR 
Interest bearing loans and borrowings 
26 155 385 
20 345 568 
Less cash and cash equivalents 
920 267 
675 052 
Net debt 
25 235 118 
19 670 516 
 
 
 
  
31.12.2021 
31.12.2022  
EUR 
EUR 
Profit before income tax 
-3 614 365 
4 809 953 
Subtract Finance income 
23 386 
24 284 
Add Finance expenses 
2 439 986 
2 137 530 
Add Depreciation 
6 603 269 
5 187 395 
Add Impairment gain on goodwill 
0 
329 585

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
 
 
2) The Group’s pro-forma financials 
 
 
2019, '000 EUR 
2020, '000 EUR 
2021, '000 EUR 
2022, '000 EUR 
Profit 
before 
income tax 
693 
-6 817 
1 439 
9 475 
Add 
Finance 
expenses, net 
3 396 
3 235 
2 724 
2 330 
Add Depreciation 
11 434 
10 346 
9 456 
8 930 
Add or subtract 
Other 
(exceptional) 
costs 
0 
4 046 
0 
-6 908 
EBITDA 
15 523 
10 809 
13 619 
13 827 
 
Net Debt  
Net debt consists of borrowings at the end of the year less cash and cash equivalents. It is used for the purpose 
of calculating the debt ratio by which the Group monitors its capital. 
Net Debt to EBITDA  
Net debt to EBITDA is the ratio of the average value of net debt at the beginning and the end of the year divided 
by 12-months rolling EBITDA and is used as a measure of financial leverage and the Group’s ability to pay off 
its debt. Essentially, the net debt to EBITDA ratio gives an indication as to how long the Group’s would need 
to operate at its current level to pay off all its debt. 
Equity Ratio (Shareholders Equity to Assets) 
Shareholders Equity to Assets Ratio means the Issuer’s total shareholders’ equity expressed as a per-cent of 
the Issuer’s consolidated amount of assets as at the end of each Quarter determined on the basis of the 
Issuer’s consolidated quarterly financial statements. It allows to monitor total leverage of the Group. 
Subtract Gain in bargain purchase 
0 
7 270 495 
EBITDA 
5 405 504 
5 169 684

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
 
FINANCIAL AND TREND INFORMATION 
Historical Financial Information 
The Group’s consolidated annual report for the year 31 December 2022, prepared in accordance with IFRS, 
is incorporated by reference to this Base Prospectus and forms an integral part of this Base Prospectus. 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
The Group is not engaged in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings, and is not aware of any such 
proceedings pending or threatened against it during the 12 month-period prior to the date of this Base 
Prospectus that may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effect on the Issuer and/or the Group’s 
financial position or profitability.  
Significant Changes in Financial Position  
There has been no material adverse change in the Issuer’s or the Group’s financial or trading position since 
31 December 2022.  
Trend Information 
There has been no significant change in the prospects of the Issuer or the Group since the date of the audited 
consolidated annual report of the Group for 2022. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus there are no information on any known trends, uncertainties, demands, 
commitments or events that are reasonably likely to have a material effect on the Issuer’s or the Group’s 
prospects and the industries in which the Issuer or the Group operates.  
The Group follows the situation in the construction market and has compiled a forecast for their geographical 
markets. As some of the countries expect a decline in the overall activity, it is vital for the growth of the Group 
that the Group is diversified geographically and has its main market with growth figures.  
Latvia 
Very ambitious growth cannot be expected in 2023, as uncertainty in the financial market has reduced the 
desire from private investors to get involved in construction projects. Therefore, state-ordered projects, 
including the European Recovery Fund, military infrastructure development and the Rail Baltica project, will 
play an important role in the industry's survival and growth. Still, Latvia has a forecasted growth for the 
construction industry of 4.6 per-cent compared to 2022. 
Lithuania 
Uncertain conditions in geopolitics also affect the Lithuanian construction sector. Private investors are in no 
hurry to start projects after the price increase experienced last year. Similar to Latvia, large national projects, 
such as Rail Baltica and military infrastructure projects constitute a large impact in the construction sector. 
Although the bank of Lithuania is much more optimistic in its forecasts for 2023, most industry experts predict 
a smaller growth of 2 per-cent. 
Estonia 
Despite the stabilization of construction material prices in the second half of the year, the construction market 
continues to cool down. Developers and investors have become more cautious than before. High inflation and 
rapid increase in raw material prices have significantly reduced the demand for both residential and non-
residential buildings. The Estonian construction market expects a decline in volume close to 9 per-cent 
compared to 2022. 
Sweden 
After several years of growth in investments, the construction market is rapidly changing due to different 
economic conditions. High inflation with rising costs of materials, fuel, electricity, and sharply higher interest 
rates decreases demand in the construction sector. In 2023, a decline in aggregated construction turnover is 
predicted, which could be as much as 5 per-cent compared to 2022. 
Finland 
The Finnish market, which has always been stable, is showing a forecasted decrease this year. The most 
significant declines are in the private sector, specifically in the housing and new construction projects sector. 
The reasons are universal- the rising prices and interest rates. The latest forecasts for 2023 indicate a 4 per-
cent decline compared to 2022.

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
 
Future Outlook 
The Issuer has provided the following outline of near-term plans: 
“In 2023, Storent group will continue to focus on an improvement of sales process efficiency, renewal and 
addition of new rental fleet, as well as develop online sales and digitalization. The management of the company 
expects that the total rent revenues of the new holding will increase by 10%, which will be facilitated by new 
investments in rental equipment, increase of rental prices and online sales. In the summer of 2023, it is planned 
to introduce a new website that will be more convenient for the end user. The goal of Storent group is to keep 
the volume of online orders close to 60% of the total rental income and 90% digitally signed transactions. In 
December 2022, implementation of new IT system was started and it is expected that IRMS (Intelligent Rental 
Management System) will be implemented in all Storent group companies by the end of 2023. It will allow to 
improve efficiency and ensure convenient and up-to-date rental process. The Group also continue earlier 
established cooperation with PreferRent and Cargopoint platforms.” 
The Issuer estimates that consolidated revenues of the Group will reach EUR 47.6 million and EBITDA will be 
EUR 15.3 million.

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
 
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
Share Capital 
The amount of the share capital of the Company is EUR 18,150,000, and it is composed of 18,150,000 shares. 
All shares are paid up. All shares are registered shares and they are dematerialised. The nominal value of a 
share is EUR 1. 
Articles of Association 
The Company is registered with the Commercial Register of the Republic of Latvia under registration number 
40203174397. 
The objectives and purposes of the Issuer are stated in Clause 2 of the Articles of Association of the Issuer. 
According to the NACE classification the economic activities of the Issuer are as follows: 
• 
activities of holding companies; and 
• 
renting and leasing of construction and civil engineering machinery and equipment. 
Material Contracts 
None of the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has entered into any contracts outside the ordinary course of 
its business, which could result in any of the Company or its Subsidiaries being under an obligation or 
entitlement that is material to the ability of the Company to meet obligations in respect of the Notes being 
issued.

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
 
INFORMATION ABOUT THE GUARANTEE AND THE GUARANTOR 
If not provided otherwise in this Section of the Base Prospectus, words and expressions defined in the General 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes above or elsewhere in the Base Prospectus have the same meanings in this 
Section of the Base Prospectus. 
Nature and scope of the Guarantee  
In case under this Programme the Issuer issues the Notes at the aggregate principal amount of EUR 15,000,000 
(fifteen million euros), then due and timely payment, discharge and performance of the Notes by the Issuer shall 
be guaranteed to the Noteholders by the Issuer’s Subsidiary SIA “Storent”, a limited liability company registered 
with the Register of Enterprises of the Republic of Latvia under registration No. 40103164284, legal address: 
Zolitūdes iela 89, Riga, LV-1046, the Republic of Latvia, as of the date when the obligations under the existing 
notes of AS “Storent Investments”, registration number 40103834303, (ISIN: LV0000802411 with maturity on 19 
October 2023) are fully discharged, but no later than as of 19 July 2023.  
The Noteholders may enforce the Guarantee at any time when all of the following conditions are satisfied: (i) the 
Noteholders representing at least 10 (ten) per-cent of the principal amount of all outstanding Notes have notified 
the Issuer about the occurrence of an Event of Default pursuant to Clause 17.1 of the General Terms and 
Conditions, AND (ii) the Issuer has failed to prepay all Noteholders the outstanding principal amount of the Notes 
and the Interest accrued on the Notes within a term specified in Clause 17.1 of the General Terms and Conditions 
or within a term specified in Clause 17.2 of the General Terms and Conditions has notified the Noteholders that 
it is unable to make payments in accordance with Clause 17.1 of the General Terms and Conditions, AND (iii) the 
Noteholders have voted in favour of enforcement of the Guarantee pursuant to Clause 18.2 of the General Terms 
and Conditions. 
The Guarantee is attached to this Base Prospectus.  
Information about the Guarantor  
(i) 
General information 
SIA “Storent” is a limited liability company (in Latvian – sabiedrība ar ierobežu atbildību), registered with the 
Register of Enterprises of the Republic of Latvia on 17 April 2008 under registration number 40103164284, having 
its legal address at Zolitūdes iela 89, Riga, LV-1046, the Republic of Latvia.  
SIA “Storent” operates in accordance with the laws of the Republic of Latvia. 
SIA “Storent” operates in the construction equipment rental business. 
(ii) 
Basic information 
Registration number:  
40103164284 
Registered address: 
Zolitūdes iela 89, Riga, LV-1046, the Republic of Latvia 
Website: 
 
www.storent.lv  
Telephone number: 
+371 29 340 012 
E-mail: 
 
investor.relations@storent.com 
No legal entity identifier (LEI) has been assigned to SIA “Storent”. 
No credit rating has been assigned to SIA “Storent”. 
(iii) 
History, development and principal activities 
SIA “Storent” was the first company belonging to the Group. It was established in 2008 with investment from three 
investors. At the end of 2022 SIA “Storent” employed 73 people in Latvia. Currently SIA “Storent” operates 12 
rental depots – five in Riga, one in Jelgava, Valmiera, Liepaja, Rezekne, Jekabpils, Daugavpils and Ventspils.  
The principal market in which SIA “Storent” operates is the Republic of Latvia where in 2022 it generated 83.3 per-
cent of its revenues, the rest of the revenues are from other countries where the Group operates. 
In 2022, revenues of SIA “Storent” reached EUR 18.4 million which is an increase by 4 per-cent from the previous 
year. The net profit of SIA “Storent” was EUR 1.7 million (+30 per-cent compared to 2021).

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
 
Assets of SIA “Storent” are mostly comprised of equipment and machinery but also include real estate, receivables 
and related party loans. Main items in liabilities are outstanding financial leases and debts to suppliers. Fixed 
assets free of any encumbrances are in acquisition value of EUR 7,515,664. In addition, there are assets in 
acquisition value of EUR 3.9 million that are fully depreciated according to accounting rules but are still actively 
used in business. 
There have not been any recent material events that would be relevant for assessing the solvency of SIA “Storent”.  
There are no material changes in and borrowing and funding structure of SIA “Storent” since 31 December 2022. 
In 2023 SIA “Storent” expects to acquire certain rental equipment and machinery in the amount of up to 
EUR 5 million. It is expected that the anticipated acquisition of rental equipment and machinery will be financed 
through leasing. 
(iv) 
Administrative, management, and supervisory bodies 
In accordance with the Commercial Law and the Articles of Association, SIA “Storent” has the following corporate 
governance structure: 
• 
Shareholders’ Meeting; and 
• 
Management Board. 
The Shareholders’ Meeting is the superior governing forum of SIA “Storent”. The Shareholders’ Meeting is 
convened by the Management Board of SIA “Storent” in the order prescribed by the Commercial Law. It has the 
capacity to act irrespective of the time and manner it was convened if all share capital with voting rights is present 
at the meeting.  
The Shareholders’ Meeting of SIA “Storent” is entitled to adopt the decisions on, inter alia, approval of the annual 
reports, distribution of profits, election and revocation of the members of the Management Board, auditors, 
controllers and liquidators, bringing a claim or withdrawing a claim brought against a member of the Management 
Board or an auditor, amendments to the Articles of Association, increasing or decreasing equity capital, issue and 
conversion of securities, the amount of remuneration to be paid to auditors and members of the Management 
Board, termination, continuation, suspension and resumption of business activities, reorganization, granting of 
shares to employees and members of the Management Board. 
The Management Board of SIA “Storent” is the executive body which manages and represents SIA “Storent” in its 
daily business activities. 
The current member of the Management Board of SIA “Storent” is Andris Pavlovs, 
(v) 
Conflict of interest 
The Issuer is not aware of any conflicts of interest or potential conflicts of interest between the company duties of 
the member of the Management Board of SIA “Storent” and his/her private interests and/or other duties.  
(vi) 
Shareholders 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the shareholder of SIA “Storent” is AS “Storent Investments”, registration 
number: 40103834303, legal address: Matrožu iela 15A, Riga, LV-1048, Latvia. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, there are no arrangements, known to the Issuer, the operation of which 
may at a subsequent date result in a change in control of SIA “Storent”. 
(vii) Share Capital 
The amount of the share capital of SIA “Storent” is EUR 6,811,133, and it is composed of 6,811,133 shares. All 
shares are paid up. All shares are registered shares and they are dematerialised. The nominal value of a share is 
EUR 1. 
(viii) 
Articles of Association 
SIA “Storent” is registered with the Commercial Register of the Republic of Latvia under registration number 
40103164284.

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
 
The objectives and purposes of SIA “Storent” are stated in Clause 2 of the Articles of Association of SIA “Storent”. 
According to the NACE classification the economic activities of SIA “Storent” are as follows: renting and leasing of 
construction and civil engineering machinery and equipment. 
(ix) 
Auditors 
“KPMG Baltics SIA”, registration number: 40003235171, legal address: Vesetas iela 7, Riga, LV-1013 Latvia, has 
audited SIA “Storent” annual report for the year ending 31 December 2022, incorporated by reference to this Base 
Prospectus, and issued an unqualified auditors’ report on the aforementioned financial statement. “KPMG Baltics 
SIA” has also audited SIA “Storent” annual report for the year 31 December 2021 and issued unqualified auditor’s 
report incorporated by reference to this Base Prospectus. 
“KPMG Baltics SIA” is included in the register of audit firms maintained by the Latvian Association of Certified 
Auditors and holds audit company license No. 55. On behalf of “KPMG Baltics SIA” the auditors’ reports on SIA 
“Storent” annual reports for the years ending 31 December 2021 and 2022 were signed by Armine Movsisjana, 
holding auditor’s certificate No. 178. 
(x) 
Trend information 
There has been no significant change in the prospects of SIA “Storent” since the date of the audited annual report 
of SIA “Storent” for 2022. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus there are no information on any known trends, uncertainties, demands, 
commitments or events that are reasonably likely to have a material effect on the prospects of SIA “Storent” and 
the industries in which SIA “Storent” operates. 
(xi) 
Selected financial information 
The following table is a summary of SIA “Storent” consolidated financial performance and key performance 
indicators for the two financial years ending 31 December 2021 and 2022. The information set out in the table 
below has been extracted (without any material adjustment) from, and is qualified by reference to and should be 
read in conjunction with SIA “Storent” audited annual report for the year 31 December 2022 which is incorporated 
by reference to this Base Prospectus and forms an integral part of this Base Prospectus. SIA “Storent” annual 
report is prepared according to Latvian accounting standards. 
 
Profit and loss statement 
2021 
2022 
 
EUR 
EUR 
Revenue 
24 106 401 
23 147 835 
Net revenue 
17 679 185 
18 353 010 
Other operating income 
6 427 216 
4 794 825 
Expenses 
-18 696 482 
-18 634 284 
Costs of material and services received 
-13 566 426 
-13 415 258 
Personnel expenses 
-2 070 419 
-2 033 071 
Other operating expenses 
-3 059 637 
-3 185 955 
     EBITDA 
5 409 919 
4 513 551 
     EBITDA margin, % 
22% 
19% 
Depreciation and amortization 
-3 660 297 
-2 684 363 
     EBIT 
1 749 622 
1 829 188 
     EBIT margin, % 
7% 
8% 
Other income and expenses 
-430 240 
-115 736 
Interest and similar income 
122 048 
289 070

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
 
Interest and similar expenses 
-552 288 
-404 806 
EBT 
1 319 382 
1 713 452 
EBT margin, % 
5% 
7% 
Income tax expense 
0 
-293 
Profit / (loss) for the period from continuing operations 
1 319 382 
1 713 159 
Profit / (loss) for the period margin, % 
5% 
7% 
Profit / (loss) for the period 
1 319 382 
1 713 159 
 
Balance 
31.12.2021 
31.12.2022 
EUR 
EUR 
Assets total 
23 276 365 
21 350 040 
Non-current assets 
16 284 213 
11 179 650 
Intangible assets 
602 
1 059 
Property, plant and equipment 
16 004 590 
10 763 082 
Other non-current financial assets 
279 021 
415 509 
Current assets 
6 992 152 
10 170 390 
Inventories 
472 600 
494 736 
Long-term investments kept for sale 
0 
0 
Trade receivables 
4 538 466 
3 507 812 
Deferred income tax assets 
0 
0 
Short-term financial investment 
1 935 000 
6 079 000 
Cash 
46 086 
88 842 
Equity and liability total 
23 276 365 
21 350 040 
Equity 
13 533 928 
15 247 087 
Share capital 
6 811 133 
6 811 133 
Reserves 
0 
0 
Retained earnings 
6 722 795 
8 435 954 
Deferred liabilities 
5 571 
12 045 
Other provisions 
5 571 
12 045 
Liabilities 
9 736 866 
6 090 908 
Non-current liabilities 
3 853 542 
1 392 558 
Current liabilities 
5 883 324 
4 
698 350

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
 
Cash flow statement 
2021
2022
EUR 
EUR 
Cash flows from operating activities 
Profit before corporate income tax 
1 319 382
1 713 452
Adjustments 
Amortisation of intangible assets and depreciation of property, plant 
and equipment  
3 712 892
2 710 538
Net result on disposal of property, plant and equipment 
- 334 203
-923 857
Impairment allowance (except for doubtful debts) 
-9 100
6 480
Write off of next period expenses related to fixed assets 
-57 107
-29 903
Remaining value of sold fixed assets 
Other interest income and similar income 
-22 048)
-289 070
Interest payments and similar expenses 
552 149
404 806
Cash flows from operating activities before changes in working capital 
5 161 965
3 592 446
Adjustments: 
Receivables (increase)/ decrease 
1 438 188
1 319 724
Inventories decrease / (increase) 
7 538
-22 136
Payables decrease/increase 
-101 662
409 305
Cash flows from operating activities 
6 506 029
5 299 339
Interest paid 
-552 149
-404 806
Net cash flow generated from operating activities 
5 953 880
4 894 533
Cash flows from investing activites 
Purchase of intangible assets and property, plant and equipment  
-884 292
-1 032 623
Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment 
5 838 114
4 350 269
Loans issued 
-1 935 000
-6 079 000
Loans repaid 
-
1 935 000
Net cash used in investing activities 
3 018 822
-826 354
Cash flows from financing 
Proceeds from borrowings from related parties 
27 826
230 082
Repayment of bonds 
-2 614 673
-
Repayment of other borrowings 
-5 099 833
-4 255 505
Repayment of lease liabilities 
-1 935 452
-
Net cash used in financing activities 
-9 622 132
-4 025 423
Net cash flow for the year 
-649 430
42 756
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the reporting year 
695 516
46 086
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the reporting year 
46 086
88 842

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
 
(xii) 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
SIA “Storent” is not engaged in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings, and the Issuer is not aware of 
any such proceedings pending or threatened against SIA “Storent” during the 12 month-period prior to the date of 
this Base Prospectus that may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effect on SIA “Storent” financial 
position or profitability.  
(xiii) 
Significant Changes in Financial Position  
There has been no material adverse change in SIA “Storent” financial or trading position since 31 December 2022.  
(xiv) 
Material Contracts 
SIA “Storent” has not entered into any contracts outside the ordinary course of its business, which could result in 
SIA “Storent” being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to the ability of SIA “Storent”, respectively to 
meet obligations under the Guarantee.

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
 
TAXATION 
 
Tax legislation of the investor’s member state and of the Issuer’s country of incorporation may have an impact on 
the income received from the Notes.  
The following is a general summary of certain tax consideration in the Republic of Latvia in relation to the Notes. 
It is not exhaustive and does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax consequences relating to the Notes, 
as well as does not take into account or discuss the tax implications of any country other than the Republic of 
Latvia. The information provided in this section shall not be treated as legal or tax advice; and prospective investors 
are advised to consult their own tax advisors as to the tax consequences of the subscription, ownership and 
disposal of the Notes applicable to their particular circumstances.  
This summary is based on the laws of Latvia as in force on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any 
change in law that may take effect after such date, provided that such changes could apply also retroactively. 
Latvia has entered into a number of tax conventions on elimination of the double taxation, which may provide more 
favourable taxation regime. Therefore, if there is a valid tax convention with the country of a non-resident 
prospective investor, it should be also examined. The procedures for application of tax conventions are provided 
in the Republic of Latvia Cabinet of Ministers’ Regulations No. 178 “Procedures for Application of Tax Relief 
Determined in International Agreements for Prevention of Double Taxation and Tax Evasion” of 30 April 2001. 
Taxation of the Noteholders individuals 
Resident Individuals 
An individual will be considered as a resident of Latvia for taxation purposes: 
• 
if the individual’s declared place of residence is in the Republic of Latvia; or 
• 
if the individual stays in the Republic of Latvia 183 days or more within any 12-month period, starting or 
ending in the taxation year; or 
• 
if the individual is a citizen of the Republic of Latvia employed abroad by the government of the Republic 
of Latvia. 
In accordance with the Law on Personal Income Tax (in Latvian – Likums “Par iedzīvotāju ienākuma nodokli”) the 
interest income and interest equivalent income from the Notes for resident individuals will be subject to 20 per-
cent withholding tax, deductible by the Issuer before the payment. The income from the sale of the Notes will be 
subject to 20 per-cent tax, but the tax would be payable by the individual him/herself. Special rules apply if the 
transactions with the Notes are made through an investment account within the meaning of the Law on Personal 
Income Tax (in Latvian – Likums “Par iedzīvotāju ienākuma nodokli”). In such case taxation of income is deferred 
until the moment when the amount withdrawn from the investment account exceeds the contributed amount.  
Non-resident individuals 
In accordance with the Law on Personal Income Tax (in Latvian – Likums “Par iedzīvotāju ienākuma nodokli”) the 
interest income from the Notes being circulated publicly as well as income from the alienation of the publicly 
circulated Notes will not be subject to tax in Latvia.  
Taxation of the Noteholders entities 
Resident entities 
An entity will be considered as a resident of Latvia for tax purposes if it is or should have been established and 
registered in the Republic of Latvia in accordance with the legislative acts of the Republic of Latvia. This also 
include permanent establishments of foreign entities in Latvia. 
Interest payments on the Notes and proceeds from the disposal of the Notes received by Latvian resident 
companies will not be subject to withholding tax in Latvia. Under the Corporate Income Tax Law (in Latvian – 
Uzņēmumu ienākuma nodokļa likums) retained earnings are exempt from corporate income tax and only 
distributions are taxed. Corporate income tax rate on gross profit distribution is 20 per-cent. Corporate income tax 
on net amount of profit distribution is determined by dividing net amount with a coefficient of 0.8 (i.e., effective tax 
rate on net distributed profit is 25 per-cent).

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
 
Non-resident entities 
In accordance with the Corporate Income Tax Law (in Latvian – Uzņēmumu ienākuma nodokļa likums) the interest 
income and income from the alienation of the Notes for non-resident entities will not be taxable in Latvia. 
Taxation of low-tax non-residents 
In general, payments (including interest payments) to non-residents located, registered or incorporated in a no-tax 
or low-tax country or territory as defined in the Regulations of the Cabinet of Ministers No.819 “Regulations on No-
Tax or Low-Tax Countries and Territories”, adopted on 17 December 2020; effective as of 1 January 2021 (“Low-
Tax Non-Latvian Residents”) are subject to withholding tax of 20 per-cent if the payer is a Latvian legal entity or 
23 per-cent if the payer is a Latvian individual resident having obligation to withhold tax. However, pursuant to 
Article 5(6) of the Corporate Income Tax Law (in Latvian – Uzņēmumu ienākuma nodokļa likums) payments by 
Latvian legal entities to Low-Tax Non-Latvian Residents for securities publicly circulated in the EU or EEA are 
exempt from withholding tax if made at the market price. The State Revenue Service of the Republic of Latvia in 
a legally non-binding explanation in the context of an issue of debt notes by another issuer has confirmed that, 
pursuant to Article 5(6) of the Corporate Income Tax Law (in Latvian – Uzņēmumu ienākuma nodokļa likums), 
there is no withholding tax also on the interest payments made by the Issuer to the holders of the notes publicly 
circulated in the EU or EEA who are Low-Tax Non-Latvian Residents, provided that the payments are made at the 
market price.

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation  
The shareholders of the Issuer have at the Shareholders’ Meeting held on 25 May 2023 authorised the issue of 
the Notes and authorised the Management Board of the Issuer to approve the characteristics of the Notes, the 
Base Prospectus and any of the documents thereto, as well as any amendments and supplements thereof.  
Management Board of the Issuer has at its meeting held on 25 May 2023 approved the Base Prospectus and the 
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
Each Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes shall be approved by a separate resolution of the 
Management Board of the Issuer. 
Auditors 
“KPMG Baltics SIA”, registration number: 40003235171, legal address: Vesetas iela 7, Riga, LV-1013 Latvia, has 
audited the Group’s consolidated annual report for the year ending 31 December 2022, incorporated by reference 
to this Base Prospectus, and issued an unqualified auditors’ report on the aforementioned financial statement. 
“KPMG Baltics SIA” has also audited the Company’s annual report for the year 31 December 2021 and issued 
unqualified auditor’s report incorporated by reference to this Base Prospectus. 
“KPMG Baltics SIA” is included in the register of audit firms maintained by the Latvian Association of Certified 
Auditors and holds audit company license No. 55. On behalf of “KPMG Baltics SIA” the auditors’ report on the 
Group’s consolidated annual report for the year 31 December 2022 was signed by Armine Movsisjana, holding 
auditor’s certificate No. 178.  
Listing 
Application will be made to Nasdaq Riga for admitting each Tranche to listing and trading on the official bond list 
(the Baltic Bond List) of Nasdaq Riga according to the requirements of Nasdaq Riga not later than within 3 (three) 
months after the Issue Date of the respective Tranche. Nasdaq Riga is a regulated market for the purposes of 
MiFID II. 
Clearing of the Notes  
The Notes shall be issued in the bearer dematerialised form and registered with Nasdaq CSD SE, registration 
number: 40003242879. The International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) in relation to the Notes of each 
Tranche will be specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
The address of Nasdaq CSD SE is Vaļņu iela 1, Riga, LV-1050, Latvia. 
Legal Entity Identifier 
The Issuer’s legal entity identifier is 984500D9LC6F3BB9F323 
Documents available 
For as long as the Notes are listed on the official bond list (the Baltic Bond List) of Nasdaq Riga, the copies of the 
following documents will be available on the Issuer’s website www.storent.lv: 
(i) 
the Articles of Association of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
the audited financial statements of the Group and the Company; 
(iii) 
each Final Terms; and 
(iv) 
this Base Prospectus together with any supplement. 
Interests of natural and legal persons involved in the issue/offer of the Notes 
So far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue/offer of the Notes has an interest material to the 
issue/offer. 
Expenses Charged to the Investors 
No expenses or taxes will be charged to the investors by the Issuer in respect to the issue of the Notes. However, 
the investors may be obliged to cover expenses which are related to the opening of securities accounts with the

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
 
credit institutions or investment brokerage firms, as well as commissions which are charged by the credit 
institutions or investment brokerage firms in relation to the execution of the investor’s purchase or selling orders 
of the Notes, the holding of the Notes or any other operations in relation to the Notes. The Issuer shall not 
compensate the Noteholders for any such expenses. 
Credit Ratings 
Neither the Issuer, nor the Notes have been assigned any credit ratings at the request or with the co-operation of 
the Issuer in the rating process.

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
The following documents have been incorporated by reference to this Base Prospectus and form a part of the 
Base Prospectus: 
• 
the Group’s Consolidated Annual Report 2022, prepared in accordance with IFRS, together with the audit 
report in connection therewith, which is available for viewing on the following website: 
www.storent.com/investors/en/financial-information.html; 
• 
the audit report in connection with SIA “Storent Holdings” Annual Report 2021, which is available for 
viewing on the following website: www.storent.com/investors/en/financial-information.html; 
• 
the Guarantor’s annual reports for the year 31 December 2022, prepared in accordance with Latvian 
accounting 
standards, 
which 
are 
available 
for 
viewing 
on 
the 
following 
website: 
www.storent.com/investors/en/financial-information.html.

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
 
ANNEXES 
 
The following document has been attached to this Base Prospectus and forms a part of the Base Prospectus: 
• 
Guarantee provided by SIA “Storent”.

--- Page 77 ---
ISSUER 
SIA “Storent Holdings” 
Matrožu iela 15A,  
Riga, LV-1048, 
Latvia 
 
 
FINANCIAL ADVISOR TO THE ISSUER 
Redgate Capital AS 
Pärnu mnt 10,  
Tallinn 10148,  
Estonia 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISER TO THE ISSUER 
ZAB COBALT SIA 
Marijas iela 13 k-2 
Riga, LV-1050, 
Latvia

--- Page 78 ---
ANNEX I – GUARANTEE

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
 
GUARANTEE 
This Guarantee (hereinafter – the “Guarantee”) is made on 25 May 2023  
by:  
SIA “Storent”, a limited liability company registered with the Register of Enterprises of the Republic 
of Latvia under registration No. 40103164284, legal address: Zolitūdes iela 89, Riga, LV-1046, the 
Republic of Latvia (hereinafter – “Guarantor”). 
for the benefit of:  
each Noteholder  
WHEREAS:  
(A) 
the Guarantor forms a part of SIA “Storent Holdings”, a limited liability company registered 
with the Register of Enterprises of the Republic of Latvia under registration No. 
40203174397, legal address: Matrožu iela 15A, Riga, LV-1048, the Republic of Latvia, (the 
“Issuer”) group of companies; 
(B) 
the Issuer has approved the Base Prospectus in relation to the Programme for the Issuance 
of the Notes in the Amount of EUR 15,000,000 dated 25 May 2023 (hereinafter – the “Base 
Prospectus”);  
(C) 
pursuant to the Base Prospectus the Issuer may issue and offer from time to time in one or 
several series non-convertible unsecured and guaranteed notes denominated in EUR, 
having maturity up to 5 (five) years and with fixed interest rate (the “Notes”), and pursuant 
to the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes (hereinafter – the “General Terms and 
Conditions”) included in the Base Prospectus the Issuer has undertaken to the 
Noteholders that, if the Issuer issues the Notes at the aggregate principal amount of EUR 
15,000,000 (fifteen million euros), then the Guarantor shall guarantee fulfilment of the 
Issuer’s obligations under the Notes as of the date when the obligations under the existing 
notes of AS “Storent Investments”, registration number 40103834303, (ISIN: 
LV0000802411 with maturity on 19 October 2023) are fully discharged, but no later than as 
of 19 July 2023. 
the GURANTOR hereby undertakes with respect to the Noteholders as follows: 
1. 
Definitions 
1.1. 
Unless otherwise provided in this Guarantee, the terms and expressions defined in the Base 
Prospectus have the same meanings in this Guarantee.  
1.2. 
The term “Guaranteed Obligation” in this Guarantee means (i) any and all payment 
obligations of the Issuer under or in respect of the Notes arising from the General Terms and 
Conditions, whether present or future, actual or contingent, conditional or unconditional and 
(ii) all ancillary obligations (in Latvian – blakus prasījumi) attached, incurred, arising in 
connection with or otherwise relating to the principal obligations referred in item (i), whether 
pursuant to the contract or the applicable law, including any liability for damages, legal costs 
and enforcement costs.  
2. 
Guarantee  
2.1. 
If the Issuer issues the Notes at the aggregate principal amount of EUR 15,000,000 (fifteen 
million euros), then the Guarantor shall guarantee due and timely payment, discharge and 
performance of the Guaranteed Obligations as of the date when the obligations under the

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
 
existing notes of AS “Storent Investments”, registration number 40103834303, (ISIN: 
LV0000802411 with maturity on 19 October 2023) are fully discharged, but no later than as 
of 19 July 2023.  
2.2. 
The Guarantor (subject to Clause 2.1 of this Guarantee) irrevocably and unconditionally 
undertakes to the Noteholders, on the terms and conditions of this Guarantee, that whenever 
the Issuer does not pay any Guaranteed Obligation when due pursuant to the Notes, the 
Guarantor shall immediately on the first demand of the Noteholders and without the 
Noteholders’ obligation to first require or enforce the payment of that amount from the Issuer, 
pay that amount to or for the benefit of the Noteholders, as if the Guarantor itself was the 
Issuer of that obligation.  
3. 
Payment demands 
3.1. 
The Noteholders may make a payment demand under the Guarantee at any time when all of 
the following conditions are satisfied: (i) the Noteholders representing at least 10 (ten) per-
cent of the principal amount of all outstanding Notes have notified the Issuer about the 
occurrence of an Event of Default pursuant to Clause 17.1 of the General Terms and 
Conditions, AND (ii) the Issuer has failed to prepay all Noteholders the outstanding principal 
amount of the Notes and the Interest accrued on the Notes within a term specified in Clause 
17.1 of the General Terms and Conditions or within a term specified in Clause 17.2 of the 
General Terms and Conditions has notified the Noteholders that it is unable to make 
payments in accordance with Clause 17.1 of the General Terms and Conditions, AND (iii) 
the Noteholders have voted in favour of enforcement of the Guarantee pursuant to Clause 
18.2 of the General Terms and Conditions. 
3.2. 
Each payment demand under the Guarantee shall be made in writing and shall specify (i) the 
Guaranteed Obligation and the outstanding amount of the Guaranteed Obligation to be paid 
and its computation (if applicable), (ii) the due date for the payment of the Guaranteed 
Obligation pursuant to the Notes (if relevant), and (iii) shall contain the statement that the 
Guaranteed Obligation has not been paid in full or in the relevant part on its due date.  
3.3. 
The number of payment demands permitted under this Guarantee is not restricted.  
4. 
Payments  
4.1. 
The Guarantor (subject to Clause 2.1 of this Guarantee) shall pay each amount demanded 
under this Guarantee within 20 (twenty) business days from the receipt of the payment 
demand, free and clear of and without any deduction, withholding or other reduction with 
respect to taxes, charges, expenses or any other cause whatsoever, including for or on 
account of any set-off or counterclaim. 
5. 
Validity 
5.1. 
This Guarantee shall enter in force as specified in Clause 2.1 of this Guarantee and shall 
remain valid and in full force and enforceable until all Guaranteed Obligations have been 
irrevocably, finally and unconditionally paid, discharged or satisfied in full.  
5.2. 
Obligations of the Guarantor (subject to Clause 2.1 of this Guarantee) under this Guarantee 
create a continuing guarantee and will extend to the ultimate balance of sums of the 
Guaranteed Obligations, regardless of any intermediate payment or discharge in whole or in 
part. If any discharge or release of the Guaranteed Obligations is made in whole or in part 
on the basis of any payment, security or other disposition which is avoided or must be 
restored in any insolvency, liquidation, administration or similar proceedings of or affecting

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
 
the Issuer, then the liability of the Guarantor (subject to Clause 2.1 of this Guarantee) under 
this Guarantee will continue and be reinstated as if the discharge or release had not occurred. 
6. 
Waiver of defences 
6.1. 
The obligations of the Guarantor (subject to Clause 2.1 of this Guarantee)under this 
Guarantee will not be affected by: 
6.1.1. any amendment, novation, supplement, extension, restatement (however fundamental 
and whether or not more onerous) or replacement of the General Terms and 
Conditions, or any amendment, modification, reduction, release, discharge, 
suspension, termination or avoidance of any Guaranteed Obligations (however 
fundamental and whether or not more onerous); 
6.1.2. any modification of any due date, amount or term of any Guaranteed Obligations in 
the insolvency, legal protection process reorganisation (in Latvian: tiesiskās 
aizsardzības process), out-of-court legal protection process reorganisation (in Latvian: 
ārpustiesas tiesiskās aizsardzības process) or similar proceedings of or in respect of 
the Issuer, or any other action having an equivalent effect; or 
6.1.3. any commencement, institution or carrying out any insolvency, legal protection 
process reorganisation (in Latvian: tiesiskās aizsardzības process), out-of-court legal 
protection process reorganisation (in Latvian: ārpustiesas tiesiskās aizsardzības 
process), winding-up, dissolution or similar proceedings of or in respect of the Issuer. 
6.2. 
The Guarantor (subject to Clause 2.1 of this Guarantee) hereby waives for benefit of the 
Noteholders: 
6.2.1. any right it may have of first requiring the Noteholders to proceed against or enforce 
any other rights or security or claim payment from the Issuer or any other person before 
claiming from it under this Guarantee, including, without limitation, the rights under the 
first paragraph of Article 1702 of the Latvian Civil Law (in Latvia – Civillikums); 
6.2.2. any defences, objections or counterclaims of itself or of the Issuer which it is entitled 
to make pursuant to Article 1701 of the Latvian Civil Law or otherwise but for his waiver. 
7. 
Rights and obligations under the General Terms and Conditions 
7.1. 
The rights and obligations of the Guarantor and the Noteholders under this Guarantee, and 
their performance, exercise and enforcement are subject in all respects to the General Terms 
and Conditions. The rights and obligations of the Guarantor and the Noteholders set out in 
the General Terms and Conditions shall apply to this Guarantee as if set out herein.    
7.2. 
The rights and obligations of the Guarantor and the Noteholders under this Guarantee are in 
addition to, and not in substitution of, their respective rights and obligations under the General 
Terms and Conditions. In case of any conflict or inconsistency between the provisions of this 
Guarantee and the General Terms and Conditions, or their interpretation, the provisions of 
the General Terms and Conditions and their interpretation shall prevail over the conflicting or 
inconsistent terms and conditions of the Guarantee, or their interpretation. 
8. 
Issuer as Agent 
8.1. 
The Guarantor hereby appoints the Issuer as its agent in all matters concerning this 
Guarantee. Any notice or communication to be made to the Guarantor under or in respect of 
this Guarantee may be made to the Issuer and will be deemed to have been duly made to 
and received by the Guarantor if and when made to and received by the Issuer.

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
 
8.2. 
Any communication made by the Issuer for or in the name of the Guarantor under or in 
respect of this Guarantee shall be deemed to have been duly authorized by the Guarantor 
and shall be binding on the Guarantor.   
9. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
9.1. 
This Guarantee and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it are 
governed by and shall be construed in accordance with Latvian law. 
9.2. 
All disputes under or in respect of this Guarantee shall be settled in the courts of the Republic 
of Latvia.  
In confirmation of the above this Guarantee is signed on the date stated above by: 
 
 
On behalf of the Guarantor: 
 
 
 
_________________________ 
Name: Andris Pavlovs 
 
 
 
 
Position: Member of Management Board 
 
 
 
 
This document is signed electronically with secure electronic signatures containing time stamps.