--- Page 2 ---
1 
SIA TWINO INVESTMENTS VIETNAM 
(a limited liability company incorporated and registered in the Republic of Latvia  
with the unified registration number 40203380037 and LEI 9845001E8B5BB4783E93) 
EUR 10 000 000 PROGRAMME FOR THE ISSUANCE OF ASSET-BACKED SECURITIES 
Under this EUR 10 000 000 Programme for the Issuance of Asset-Backed Securities (the “Programme”) described 
in this Base Prospectus (as may be amended, updated and supplemented from time to time) (the “Base 
Prospectus”) SIA TWINO Investments Vietnam, incorporated in and operating under the laws of the Republic of 
Latvia with unified registration number 40203380037 (the “Issuer”) subject to compliance with all the relevant 
laws and regulations may from time to time issue in one or several series (the “Series”) asset-backed securities 
(the “Securities”) denominated in EUR. The maximum aggregate nominal amount of the Securities from time to 
time outstanding under the Programme and issued by the Issuer will not at any time exceed EUR 10 000 000 (or 
its equivalent in any other currency). The Securities will be distributed by way of a public offer. 
References herein to “the Base Prospectus” shall, where applicable, be deemed to be references to the Base 
Prospectus, including the documents attached herein or incorporated herein by reference (see Section 
“DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE” herein), as supplemented or amended from time to time.  
To the extent not set forth in the Base Prospectus, the specific terms of any Securities will be included in the 
relevant final terms (the “Final Terms”) (a form of which is contained herein), therefore the prospectus relating 
to Series issued under the Programme consists of this Base Prospectus and the respective Final Terms. 
The nominal amount of each Security shall be specified in the Final Terms and shall be at least EUR 1.00. The 
Securities will be offered for subscription for a minimum investment amount, which will be specified in the Final 
Terms. The Securities will be issued in registered and book-entry form. The Securities shall be governed by the 
laws of the Republic of Latvia. 
The Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with Article 8 of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are 
offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing Directive 2003/71/EC (the 
“Prospectus Regulation”) and the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019 
supplementing Prospectus Regulation as regards the format, content, scrutiny and approval of the prospectus to 
be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing 
Commission Regulation (EC) No 809/2004, in particular, with Annex 9 “Registration document for asset-backed 
securities”, Annex 14 “Securities note for retail non-equity securities” and Annex 19 “Asset-backed securities” 
thereof. 
The Financial Capital Market Commission (in Latvian – Finanšu un kapitāla tirgus komisija) (the “FCMC”) in its 
capacity as the competent authority in the Republic of Latvia for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, has 
approved the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus is valid for a period of twelve (12) months after its approval 
by the FCMC and must during such period in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation be 
completed by a supplement to the Base Prospectus in the event of any new significant facts or material errors or 
inaccuracies. The obligation to supplement the Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material 
mistakes or material inaccuracies does not apply when the Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Investment in the Securities to be issued under the Programme described in the Base Prospectus involves certain 
risks. Prospective investors should carefully acquaint themselves with such risks before deciding to invest in the 
Securities (see Section “RISK FACTORS” herein). Investment in the Securities must be based on the Base Prospectus 
as a whole. Hence, we ask you to study the Base Prospectus with care. 
Except where specified otherwise, capitalised words and expressions in the Base Prospectus have the meaning 
given to them in Section 13.17 “Definitions” of the Terms and Conditions of the Securities. The Base Prospectus 
and any supplement thereto will be published on the website www.twino.eu and copies may be obtained at the 
following address: 42 Dzirnavu Street, Riga, LV-1010, Latvia during normal business hours on any business day.  
 
The date of the Base Prospectus is 2nd of November 2022.

--- Page 3 ---
2 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
Words and expressions defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Securities or elsewhere in the Base Prospectus have the same meanings in 
this section, unless otherwise stated.  
The Base Prospectus (together with any supplement thereto published from time to time (each a “Supplement" 
and, together, the “Supplements")) constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus 
Regulation, and for the purposes of giving all necessary information, with regard to the Issuer, the Securities and 
the other parties involved in the issuance and offering of the Securities, which is necessary to enable investors to 
make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of 
the Issuer, the rights attaching to the Securities and the reason for the issuance and its impact on the Issuer.  
Considering that the Base Prospectus contains information that is material in the context of the issue and offering 
of the Securities, responsibility for the information provided in the Base Prospectus is defined in Section 
“RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT” herein.  
The Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with any Supplement thereto and with any 
relevant information of the documents incorporated by reference (see Section “DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE" herein), 
the information of which shall be incorporated in and form part of the Base Prospectus and, in relation to any 
Series (as defined herein) of Securities, should be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms, the 
Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms being together, the “Base Prospectus". 
No person has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any representation not contained 
in or not consistent with the Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme 
or any information supplied by the Issuer or such other information as is in the public domain and, if given or 
made, such information or representation should not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or 
the Distributor.  
No representation or warranty is made or implied by the Distributor or any of their respective affiliates, and the 
Distributor or any of their respective affiliates makes any representation or warranty or accepts any responsibility, 
as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in the Base Prospectus. Neither the delivery of 
this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Security shall, in any 
circumstances, create any implication that the information contained in the Base Prospectus is true subsequent 
to the date thereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or 
supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial situation of the Issuer since the date 
thereof or, as the case may be, the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or 
supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct at any time 
subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the 
same.  
The distribution of the Base Prospectus, any Final Terms, any offering materials under the Programme and the 
offering, sale and delivery of the Securities in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law.  
Under no circumstances shall the Base Prospectus constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, 
nor shall there be any sale of the Securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be 
unlawful. No action has been taken by the Issuer or the Distributor which would permit a public offering of any 
Securities or distribution of the Base Prospectus in any such jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Accordingly, no Securities may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly and neither the Base Prospectus nor any 
Final Terms or other offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under 
circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations and the Distributor has 
represented that all offers and sales by them will be made on the same terms. Persons into whose possession the 
Base Prospectus or any Final Terms come are required by the Issuer and the Distributor to inform themselves 
about and to observe any such restrictions. 
Neither the Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the 
Issuer or the Distributor to subscribe for, or purchase, any Securities. For a description of certain restrictions on 
offers, sales and deliveries of the Securities and on the distribution of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and 
other offering material relating to the Securities, see Section “Subscription and Sale" herein.  
MiFID II Product Governance / Target Market. The Base Prospectus in respect of any Securities includes a legend 
entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" providing information about the Target Market assessment in respect of 
the Securities undertaken by the Distributor by taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of

--- Page 4 ---
3 
the Guidelines published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) on 5 February 2018 and the 
determined appropriate distribution channels of the Securities that are appropriate. For the avoidance of doubt, 
the Issuer is not a MiFID II regulated entity and does not qualify as a distributor or a manufacturer under the 
Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID II Product Governance Rules"). 
The Issuer is not and will not be regulated by the FCMC as a result of issuing the Securities. Any investment in 
Securities does not have the status of a bank deposit and is not within the scope of the deposit protection scheme 
operated by the FCMC. 
Independent review and advice. The investment activities of certain investors are subject to investment laws and 
regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each prospective investor of Securities must determine, 
based on its own independent review and such professional advice as it deems appropriate under the 
circumstances, that its acquisition of the Securities is fully consistent with its financial needs, objectives and 
condition, complies and is fully consistent with all investment policies, guidelines and restrictions applicable to it 
and is a fit, proper and suitable investment for it, notwithstanding the clear and substantial risks inherent in 
investing in or holding the Securities. 
A prospective investor may not rely on the Issuer or the Distributor or any of their respective affiliates in 
connection with its determination as to the legality of its acquisition of the Securities or as to the other matters 
referred to above.  
The Securities may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each prospective investor in the Securities must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each prospective 
investor should:  
a. 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Securities, the merits 
and risks of investing in the relevant Securities and the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in the Base Prospectus or any Supplement thereto and the relevant Final Terms;  
b. have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the relevant Securities and the impact the relevant Securities will 
have on its overall investment portfolio;  
c. 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Securities, 
including Securities with principal or interest payable in EUR currency, or where the currency for principal 
or interest payments is different from the prospective investor's own currency;  
d. understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Securities and be familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant indices and financial markets;  
e. be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks; 
and  
f. 
be aware, in terms of laws and regulations and regulatory regime applicable to such investor of the 
applicable restrictions on its ability to invest in the Securities.  
A prospective investor should not invest in Securities unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a financial 
adviser) to evaluate how the Securities will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value 
of such Securities and the impact this investment will have on the prospective investor's overall investment 
portfolio.  
A prospective investor must comply with the laws and regulations that apply to it in any place in which it invests 
in Securities or possess the Base Prospectus. The Issuer or the Distributor are not responsible for compliance with 
these legal requirements, including any consents or approvals that may be necessary to invest in Securities. 
Warning – Taxation. The tax legislation of the investor’s residence state and of the Issuer’s country of 
incorporation may have an impact on the income received from the Securities. Prospective investors of the 
Securities should be aware that they may be required to pay taxes or documentary charges or duties in 
accordance with the laws and practices of the jurisdiction where the Securities are transferred or other 
jurisdictions. In some jurisdictions, no official statements of the tax authorities or court decisions may be available 
for innovative financial notes such as the Securities.  
Credit ratings. Neither the Base Prospectus, any relevant Final Terms, nor any other information supplied in 
connection with the offering of the Securities is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation, 
or should be considered as a recommendation or an offer, or invitation to purchase any Securities.

--- Page 5 ---
4 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Securities and/or to the Issuer. 
The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors 
discussed in this section, and other factors that may affect the value of the Securities. A credit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time.  
The credit ratings of the Issuer are an assessment of its ability to pay its obligations, including those arising from 
the Securities.

--- Page 6 ---
5 
DISTRIBUTION OF THE BASE PROSPECTUS AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
The distribution of the Base Prospectus and any Final Terms may in certain jurisdictions be restricted by law. The 
Base Prospectus and any Final Terms may not be used for the purpose of, or in connection with, an offer or 
solicitation by anyone in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorised or to any person to 
whom it is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation. No actions have been taken to register or qualify the 
Securities, or otherwise to permit a public offering of the Securities, in any jurisdiction other than Latvia.  
The Issuer and the Distributor and any of their respective affiliates expect persons into whose possession the Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms comes to inform themselves of and observe all such restrictions. Neither the Issuer 
nor the Distributor nor or any of their respective affiliates accept any legal responsibility for any violation by any 
person, whether or not a prospective investor is aware of such restrictions.  
The Base Prospectus and any Final Terms may not be forwarded or distributed other than as provided herein and 
may not be reproduced in any manner whatsoever. This Base Prospectus and any Final Terms is not distributed 
to the United States, Australia, Canada, Japan, Hong Kong, Singapore or any other jurisdiction in which it would 
be unlawful. Accordingly, the Securities may not be offered, sold, resold, delivered, distributed or otherwise 
transferred, either directly or indirectly, in or into any or from the United States absent registration under the 
Securities Act or an exemption therefrom, and incompliance with applicable state securities laws. 
The FCMC, considered as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation, has approved this Base 
Prospectus. However, in relation to each member state of the EEA (except Latvia), the Distributor has represented 
and agreed that it has not made and will not make any public offer of Securities prior to that EEA member state’s 
authority receiving a certificate of approval of the FCMC attesting that the Base Prospectus has been drawn up in 
accordance with the Prospectus Regulation together with a copy of the Base Prospectus. 
Accordingly, any person making or intending to make an offer within the EEA of Securities which are the subject 
of an offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms (other than the offer of 
Securities in Latvia) may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or the Distributor 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. 
The Base Prospectus is to be initially offered to the public in the Republic of Latvia, yet it is a subject to approval 
of passporting by the respective regulatory bodies in all other Member States. Furthermore, the provision of the 
investment activities is being sought in Latvia.

--- Page 7 ---
6 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
1. 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ............................................................................... 7 
2. 
RISK FACTORS ................................................................................................................................ 10 
3. 
DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE ............................................................................................................... 18 
4. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE UNDERLYING ASSET .................................................................................... 19 
5. 
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE ..................................................................................................... 28 
6. 
THE ISSUER .................................................................................................................................... 29 
7. 
THE LENDER ................................................................................................................................... 31 
8. 
THE LOAN ORIGINATOR ................................................................................................................. 33 
9. 
THE LOAN BROKER ........................................................................................................................ 36 
10. THE DISTRIBUTOR .......................................................................................................................... 42 
11. CERTAIN NOTICES TO INVESTORS ................................................................................................. 43 
12. TAXATION ...................................................................................................................................... 46 
13. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES .............................................................................. 48 
14. FORM OF THE FINAL TERMS .......................................................................................................... 62

--- Page 8 ---
7 
1. GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
This general description constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25.1(b) of the Delegated Regulation 
(EU) 2019/980 (as defined below) and must be read as an introduction to the Base Prospectus. It does not, and is not intended to, constitute a 
summary of this Base Prospectus within the meaning of Article 7 of the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below) or any implementing 
regulation thereof. The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified by, the remainder of this Base 
Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Series and the relevant Final Terms. 
Any decision to invest in the Securities should be based on a consideration of the Base Prospectus as a whole, including any amendment and/or 
supplement hereto and the documents incorporated by reference herein.  
Words and expressions defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Securities or elsewhere in the Base Prospectus have the same meanings in 
this section, unless otherwise stated.  
Issuer: 
SIA TWINO Investments Vietnam, incorporated and registered as a limited 
liability company (in Latvian – sabiedrība ar ierobežotu atbildību) in the 
Commercial Register of Enterprises of Latvia on February 15, 2022 with 
the unified registration number: 40203380037. It is organised and 
operating pursuant to the laws of Latvia and has been established for an 
indefinite period of time. The Legal Entity Identifier ("LEI”) of the Issuer is 
9845001E8B5BB4783E93. The registered address and office of the Issuer 
is at: 42 Dzirnavu Street, Riga, LV-1010, Latvia and its telephone number 
is: +371 67 799 997.  
Issuer Legal entity identifier (LEI): 
9845001E8B5BB4783E93 
Programme: 
EUR 10 000 000 Programme for the Issuance of Asset-Backed Securities 
described in this Base Prospectus. 
Programme limit: 
Up to EUR 10 000 000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at the date 
of issue of any Securities) aggregate nominal amount of Securities 
outstanding at any one time in accordance with the Programme.  
Offering:  
The Base Prospectus has been registered with and approved by the FCMC 
in its capacity as the competent authority in Latvia for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation. The Base Prospectus is valid for a period of twelve 
(12) months after its approval by the FCMC, during which time the Issuer 
may periodically issue Securities that are further available to investors on 
the Platform of the Distributor  
Risk factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its 
obligations under the Securities issued under the Programme, that are 
specific to the Issuer and/or the Securities and which are material for 
taking an informed investment decision. These are set out under in 
Section 2 “RISK FACTORS” herein. 
Distributor: 
AS TWINO Investments, was incorporated and registered as a joint stock 
company (in Latvian – akciju sabiedriba) in the Commercial Register of 
Enterprises of Latvia on March 26, 2020 with the unified registration 
number: 44103143823. It is organised and operating pursuant to the laws 
of Latvia and has been established for an indefinite period of time. The 
Legal 
Entity 
Identifier 
("LEI”) 
of 
the 
Distributor 
is 
984500856AF4DF5FAT57. The registered address and office of the 
Distributor is at: 42 Dzirnavu Street, Riga, LV-1010, Latvia and its 
telephone number is: +371 67 799 997. 
The Distributor is authorized as an investment firm by the FCMC on 
August 31, 2021 under the licence number: 06.06.08.720/536 to provide 
the investment services and ancillary services.  
Distribution:  
The Securities will be offered solely over the counter on the Website. The 
Distributor shall act as an intermediary between the investors and other 
parties involved in the process of issuing the Securities.

--- Page 9 ---
8 
Issuance in the Series: 
The Securities will be issued periodically in several Series having different 
issue dates. Each Series shall have a unique ISIN number, its own Final 
Terms and be linked to a specific Loan Receivable.  
Form of the Securities: 
The Securities will be issued in registered and book-entry form. The 
register of transactions will be kept by the Distributor. 
Currency: 
Subject to compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or 
central bank requirements, the Securities will be issued and all payments 
on the Securities shall be made by the Issuer in EUR. 
Status of the Securities: 
The obligations of the Issuer in respect of the Securities rank pari passu 
without any preference among themselves, as well as with respect to all 
general, direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations 
of the Issuer and without any preference among themselves and at least 
pari passu with any present or future obligation. 
Issue price: 
The Securities will be issued at their Nominal Value (EUR 1.00) unless 
stated otherwise in the Final Terms). 
Size:  
Subject as set out herein, the maximum aggregate nominal amount of the 
Securities from time to time outstanding under the Programme issued by 
the Issuer will not exceed EUR 10 000 000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency calculated as described herein). 
Interest rate: 
The Interest rate of the Security shall be fixed and independent from the 
interest rates of the Loan Receivables and shall be defined within the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Maturity date: 
the Maturity Date will match the maturity date of the corresponding Loan 
Receivables. 
Denomination: 
The Securities shall be issued and sold to the Securityholder at the Issue 
Price that is equal to the Nominal Value, which is EUR 1.00, unless stated 
otherwise in the relevant Final Terms. A single Security cannot be split 
among several Securityholders and can be owned by a single 
Securityholder only and, thus, the minimum amount to invest is EUR 1.00 
There are no limitations on the amount and numbers of the Securities 
that a single Securityholder can have. 
Type and class of the Securities: 
The Securities are asset-backed debt securities and are not divided into 
classes. 
Rights attached to the Securities: 
The Securities will bear interest from (and including) the day the 
Securityholder buys the specific Security at a rate specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. The interest is payable on a monthly basis. 
The Securityholder has the right to sell the security to other 
Securityholders on the Platform. 
Scheduled Redemption: 
The repayment of the Securities shall be made subject to the repayment 
of the relevant Loan Receivables to which the Securities are linked to by 
the Loan Originator to the Issuer. Whenever the Issuer receives a 
scheduled repayment of the principal of any of the Loan Receivables, the 
amount shall be distributed equally among all the Securities backed by 
the corresponding Loan Receivables.  
Early Mandatory Redemption: 
The Security part related to the Loan Receivables shall be repaid in full or 
in part (as might be the case), if: 
a. the Loan Receivables cease to exist; 
b. an early full or partial repayment is made by the Loan Originator 
to the Issuer.

--- Page 10 ---
9 
Early Voluntary Redemption: 
The Issuer may redeem all or part of the outstanding Securities in full or 
in part before the Maturity Date at the Early Redemption Amount. The 
Issuer must not give a notice to the Securityholder. 
Redemption at the option of the 
Securityholder: 
Redemption at the option of the Securityholder is not applicable. 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Securities by the Issuer shall be made 
without withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or 
future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever 
nature, unless the withholding or deduction of the taxes is required by 
the laws of Latvia. In such case the Issuer shall withhold the tax from the 
payment to the Securityholder and pay the amount net of tax. 
Use of proceeds: 
The Issuer is a special purpose entity incorporated and registered with the 
sole goal to facilitate the process of the issuance of the Securities (see 
Section 11.7 “Use of Proceeds and Interests of Persons involved in the 
Issue and Offer” herein). 
Governing law: 
The Securities are created and issued in accordance with the laws of 
Latvia.

--- Page 11 ---
10 
2. RISK FACTORS 
The discussion below is of a general nature and is intended to describe various risk factors associated with an 
investment in the Securities. You should carefully consider the following discussion of risks, and any risk factors 
included in the documents incorporated by reference herein.  
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in Securities issued under the Programme, 
but the failure of the Issuer to pay interest (if any), principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Securities may occur or arise for 
other reasons which may not be considered significant risks by the Issuer based on information currently available to it or which it may not 
currently be able to anticipate.  
Words and expressions defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Securities or elsewhere in the Base Prospectus have the same meanings in 
this section, unless otherwise stated.  
To the best of the Issuer’s knowledge, in each category of Risk Factors, the risk factor identified by the Issuer as the most important appears 
first. For the rest of the risk factors, the order of appearance is not an indication of the importance or the likelihood of their occurrence. 
2.1. RISK FACTORS RELATED TO THE ISSUER 
The main risk factors that influence the Issuer are dependency on service providers and operational risks, 
including IT related and legal risks, in particular following risk factors should be considered in relation to the Issuer: 
Risk 
Risk rating 
Dependency on services provided by the third parties 
Medium 
Dependency on information technology systems 
Medium 
Legal risks 
Medium 
Cross-risks applicable to the Issuer 
Medium 
2.1.1. Dependency on services provided by the third parties  
In order to optimize operations and costs of business operations the Issuer uses information technology services 
provided by the Distributor and third parties such as cloud computing providers, communication providers, IT 
development service providers and license providers. Continuing relationships with service providers which are 
used to ensure daily operations are critical to the Issuer’s business. To be able to issue the Security, for each of 
the Series the Issuer must receive an ISIN code provided by Nasdaq CSD SE. However, it should be noted that 
there remains the risk that in case of any unpredictable event Nasdaq CSD SE might not be able to assign ISIN 
codes to the Issuer or cause a delay of the assignment, the Issuer and the Distributor might face the risk of further 
Security issuance interruption.  
Any inability to maintain existing business relationships with banks, IT service providers and other third-party 
providers or the failure by these third-party providers to maintain the quality of their services or otherwise provide 
their services to the Issuer may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, financial condition, results 
of operations, prospects or cash flows.  
Risk rating: Medium 
2.1.2. Dependency on information technology systems 
The Issuer’s operations rely on sophisticated information technology (IT) systems which ensures automation of 
business processes. The Issuer’s ability to meet the defined strategic objectives depends on the functionality of 
IT systems.  
If any IT system at any stage of the business operations were to fail, any or all stages of the business process could 
be affected. There can be no assurance of possible disruptions (even short-term) to the functionality of the 
Issuer’s IT systems and infrastructure, but the goal is to maintain system availability and uptime at 99.9%.  
Any inability to mitigate technological risks of the Issuer’s IT systems and infrastructure or to adapt operations 
and software may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, financial condition, results of 
operations, prospects or cash flows.  
Risk rating: Medium.

--- Page 12 ---
11 
2.1.3. Legal risks 
The Issuer’s operations are subject to regulation by a variety of financial services and other state authorities, 
including, but not limited to, laws and regulations relating to issuance of Securities and personal data processing. 
Failure to comply with existing laws and regulations applicable to the Issuer’s operations, or to obtain and comply 
with all authorizations and permits required for the Issuer's operations, or adverse findings of governmental 
inspections, may result in the imposition of material fines or penalties or more severe sanctions, including 
preventing the Issuer from continuing its business activities, or in criminal penalties being imposed on the Issuer’s 
officers. 
The Issuer is subject to a variety of laws and regulations that involve user privacy issues, data protection, 
disclosures, distribution, electronic contracts and other communications and consumer protection.  
Failure to implement the requirements of data protection regulations, in particular the requirement of the 
General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (the “GDPR”), could result in severe damage claims from 
affected individuals and massive fines from the authorities responsible for supervision of GDPR compliance.  
In addition, the application and interpretation of these laws and regulations are sometimes uncertain and may be 
interpreted and applied inconsistently from supervisory authorities and may also be inconsistent with the Issuer’s 
current or past policies and practices.  
Existing and proposed laws and regulations can be costly to comply with and can increase the Issuer’s operating 
costs, require significant management time and attention, and be a subject to inquiries or investigations, claims 
or other remedies, including demands which may require the Issuer to modify or cease existing business practices 
and/or pay fines and penalties as mentioned above or other damages. This may have a material adverse effect on 
the Issuer’s business, financial condition, results of operations, prospects or cash flows. 
Risk rating: Medium. 
2.1.4. Cross-risks applicable to the Issuer 
Considering the pass-through nature of the Issuer within the transaction flow, the Issuer and its abilities to pay 
amounts due to the Securityholders under the Securities are exposed to all the risks listed in Section “2.3. RISK 
FACTORS RELATED TO THE LOAN ORIGINATOR” herein. 
Risk rating: Medium. 
2.2. RISK FACTORS RELATED TO THE LENDER 
The main risk factors that influence the Lender are related with information technology risk, and cross-risks 
related with the Issuer and the Loan Originator. Following risk factors should be considered in particular in relation 
to the Lender:  
Risk 
Risk rating 
Dependency on information technology systems 
Medium 
Cross-risks applicable to the Lender 
Medium 
2.2.1. Dependency on information technology systems 
The Lender’s operations rely on sophisticated information technology (IT) systems which ensures automation of 
business processes. The Lender’s ability to meet the defined strategic objectives depends on the functionality of 
IT systems.  
If any IT system at any stage of the business operations were to fail, any or all stages of the business process could 
be affected. There can be no assurance of possible disruptions (even short-term) to the functionality of the 
Lender’s IT systems and IT infrastructure, but the goal is to maintain system availability and uptime at 99.9%.

--- Page 13 ---
12 
Any inability to mitigate technological risks of the Lender’s IT systems and infrastructure or to adapt operations 
and software may have a material adverse effect on the Lender’s business, financial condition, results of 
operations, prospects or cash flows.  
Risk rating: Medium. 
2.2.2. Cross-risks applicable to the Lender 
Considering the pass-through nature of the Lender, the Lender and its abilities to pay amounts due to the 
Securityholder under the Securities are exposed to all the risks listed in sections “2.3. RISK FACTORS RELATED TO 
THE LOAN ORIGINATOR” herein. 
Risk rating: Medium. 
2.3. RISK FACTORS RELATED TO THE LOAN ORIGINATOR 
The main risk factors that influence the Loan Originator are related with macroeconomics risk, market risk, credit 
risk and operational risk, including legal and information technology risk. Following risk factors should be 
considered in relation to the Loan Originator’s business and industry. 
Risk 
Risk rating 
Risks related to macroeconomic developments 
Medium 
The risk of counterparty default 
Medium 
Inability to recover outstanding debt 
Medium 
Interest rate spread risk 
Medium 
Foreign exchange risk 
Medium 
Dependency on services provided by the third parties 
Medium 
2.3.1. Risks related to macroeconomic developments 
The results of the Loan Originator's operations are dependent on the macroeconomic situation in Vietnam. In 
particular, the Loan Originator’s operations are affected by such factors as the rate of inflation, the unemployment 
rate and changes in consumer affluence levels.  
An unexpected downturn in the economy could have an impact on the Loan Originator’s customers and negatively 
affect its growth and results of operations through higher demand for the consumer loan products from 
customers with reduced solvency. Also, customers’ capability to fulfil their obligations towards the Loan 
Originator may deteriorate, which could lead to an increase in the overdue portfolio, creating adverse effect on 
the Loan Originator’s business and financial position.  
Any negative effect on the economy may decrease income of the Loan Originator’s customers and thus the ability 
to fulfil their obligations. Such effects may also result in insolvency of the Loan Originator’s business partners, 
which could affect the Loan Originator’s operations, as well as its financial standing. Lastly, in case of an economic 
downturn, the price of the Securities and the ability of the Loan Originator to acquire further financing may be 
adversely affected.  
Any negative effect on macroeconomic level in Vietnam may have a material adverse effect on the Loan 
Originator’s business, financial condition, results of operations, prospects or cash flows. 
Risk rating: Medium. 
2.3.2. The risk of counterparty default 
The Loan Originator is subject to the risk of loss due to non-payments by the Underlying Borrowers of their 
obligations. The default is contingent on the inability or unwillingness of the Underlying Borrowers to make 
payments. This includes scenarios where the contracting party makes payments late, only partially or not at all.

--- Page 14 ---
13 
The Loan Originator relies on detailed procedures in order to contact delinquent Underlying Borrowers for 
payment. However, there is still the risk that the implemented assessment procedures, monitoring of credit risk 
and maintenance of customer account records performed by the Loan Originator might not be sufficient to 
prevent negative effects for its operations.  
In addition, factors beyond the control of the Loan Originator, such as the impact of macroeconomic trends, 
political events or adverse events affecting key jurisdiction, or natural disasters, may result in an increase in non-
performing assets. The allowances for doubtful debts made by the Loan Originator may not be adequate to cover 
an increase in the amount of non-performing assets or any future deterioration in the overall credit quality of the 
total loan portfolio. If the quality of the Loan Originator’s total loan portfolio deteriorates, it may be required to 
increase its allowances for doubtful debts, which may have a material adverse effect on the Loan Originator’s 
business, financial condition, results of operations, prospects or cash flows.  
Risk rating: Medium. 
2.3.3. Inability to recover outstanding debt 
Various economic trends and potential changes to existing laws and regulations may contribute to an increase in 
the number of borrowers subject to personal insolvency procedures. The ability to successfully collect the 
consumer loans may decline with an increase in personal insolvency procedures or a change in insolvency laws, 
regulations, practices, or procedures, which may have a material adverse effect on the Loan Originator’s business, 
financial condition, results of operations, prospects or cash flows.  
Risk rating: Medium. 
2.3.4. Interest rate spread risk 
The Loan Originator earns a substantial majority of its revenues from commission payments and fees on the loans 
that it issues to its customers. If the spread between the rate at which the Loan Originator lends to its customers 
and the rate at which it borrows from its lenders decreases, the Loan Originator’s financial results and operating 
performance will suffer. The commission rates that the Loan Originator charges to its customers and interest rates 
that it pays to its lenders could each be affected by a variety of factors, including access to capital based on the 
Loan Originator’s business performance, the volume of loans it makes to its customers, competition and 
regulatory requirements. These commission rates may also be affected by a change over time in the mix of the 
types of products the Loan Originator sells to its customers. Interest rate changes may adversely affect the Loan 
Originator’s business forecasts and expectations and are highly sensitive to many macroeconomic factors beyond 
the Loan Originator’s control, such as inflation, the level of economic growth, the state of the credit markets, 
changes in market interest rates, as well as in unemployment rate as well as other deteriorations of the economy 
of Vietnam.  
Any material reduction in commissions and interest rates spread could have a material adverse effect on the Loan 
Originator’s business, financial condition, results of operations, prospects or cash flows. 
Risk rating: Medium. 
2.3.5. Foreign exchange risk 
Loan Originator issues the Underlying Loans in VND currency. The Lender issues the Loan and, thus, the Issuer 
receives corresponding repayments of the Loan Receivables in EUR currency. As a result, Loan Originator is 
exposed to foreign exchange rate fluctuations and any failure to manage foreign exchange risk may have a 
material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, results of operations, prospects or cash flows. 
Risk rating: Medium. 
2.3.6. Dependency on services provided by the third parties 
In order to optimize operations and costs of business operations the Loan Originator uses information technology 
and other services provided by third parties. Continuing relationships with service providers which are used to 
ensure daily operations are critical to the Loan Originator’s business.

--- Page 15 ---
14 
Additionally, the Loan Originator advance loans to customers and collects repayments through local bank 
accounts. The Loan Originator’s continuing relationships with the banks with which it maintains accounts are 
critical to the business.  
Any inability to maintain existing business relationships with banks, IT service providers and other third-party 
providers or the failure by these third-party providers to maintain the quality of their services or otherwise provide 
their services to the Loan Originator may have a material adverse effect on the Loan Originator’s business, 
financial condition, results of operations, prospects, or cash flows.  
Risk rating: Medium. 
2.4. RISK FACTORS RELATED TO THE LOAN BROKER  
The main risk factors that influence the Loan Broker are related with operational risks, dependency on third 
parties, reputation risks and others. Following risk factors should be considered in particular in relation to the 
Loan Broker: 
Risk 
Risk rating 
Difficulties in assessing credit risk 
Medium 
Dependency on services provided by third parties 
Medium 
Risk related to ensuring compliance with existing regulatory enactments 
Medium 
Reputation risk 
Low 
Cross-risks applicable to the Loan Broker 
Medium 
2.4.1. Difficulties in assessing credit risk 
The Loan Broker is responsible for conducting the credit risk assessment of the borrowers in scope of the 
transactions. Despite credit scoring and client creditworthiness evaluation models used by the Loan Broker, it may 
be unable to correctly evaluate the current financial condition of each prospective customer and determine his 
or her creditworthiness. The financing decisions of the Loan Originator are based partly on information provided 
by the credit line applicants to the Loan Broker.  
Prospective customers may fraudulently provide inaccurate information upon which, if not alerted to the fraud, 
the Loan Broker may base own credit scoring models and creditworthiness assessment. Any failure to correctly 
assess the credit risk of potential customers, due to failure in the evaluation of the customer or incorrect 
information provided by the customer, may have a material adverse effect on the Loan Broker’s business, results 
of operations and may even invoke regulatory sanctions (including imposition of fines and penalties, suspension 
of operations). 
Risk rating: Medium. 
2.4.2. Dependency on services provided by third parties 
In order to offer its products and services in an efficient manner, the Loan Broker relies on services from third 
parties. Such services include data collection and processing, offering of the products on vamo.vn Securityholder, 
communication providers, IT development service providers, license providers and others. It is critical to the 
business operations of the Loan Broker to continue relationship with the service providers. Any inability to 
maintain existing relationship with service providers or failure of such providers to maintain the quality of the 
services may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, financial condition, results of operations, 
prospects or cash flows. 
Risk rating: Medium. 
2.4.3. Risk related to ensuring compliance with existing regulatory enactments 
The Loan Broker’s operations are subject to regulation by a variety of consumer protection, financial services and 
other state authorities, including, but not limited to, laws and regulations relating to provision of payment

--- Page 16 ---
15 
services, crediting and consumer rights protection, debt collection and personal data processing. Failure to 
comply with existing laws and regulations applicable to the Loan Broker’s operations, to obtain and comply with 
all authorizations and permits required for its operations, or adverse findings of governmental inspections, may 
result in the imposition of material fines or more severe sanctions, including preventing the Loan Broker from 
continuing substantial parts of its business activities, suspension or revocation of the licenses, or in criminal 
penalties being imposed. 
The Loan Broker also has an essential risk exposure towards the amendments of regulatory and compliance, i.e., 
the risk of a change in regulations and laws that might affect its business operations. Such change in laws or 
regulations can increase the costs of operating the Loan Broker’s business, reduce the attractiveness of an 
investment, change the competitive landscape, or it can even make a significant shifting in the framework of an 
industry, transformations in cost-structuring, as well as application of administrative sanctions from supervisory 
authorities, impact on reputation and/or solvency of the Loan Originator.  
Further, the Loan Broker’s business is subject to a variety of laws and regulations that involve user privacy issues, 
data protection, advertising, marketing, disclosures, distribution, electronic contracts and other communications 
and consumer protection.  
In addition, the application and interpretation of these laws and regulations are sometimes uncertain, particularly 
in the new and rapidly evolving industry in which the Loan Broker operates and may be interpreted and applied 
inconsistently from supervisory authorities and may also be inconsistent with the current or past policies and 
practices.  
Existing and proposed laws and regulations can be costly to comply with and can delay or impede the 
development of new products, the expansion into new markets, result in negative publicity, increase the 
operating costs, require significant management time and attention, and be a subject to inquiries or 
investigations, claims or other remedies. This may have a material adverse effect on the Loan Originator’s 
business, financial condition, results of operations, prospects, or cash flows. 
Risk rating: Medium. 
2.4.4. Reputation risk 
The ability to attract new customers and retain existing customers of the Loan Broker depends in part on the 
brand recognition and the constant delivery of high quality services. The Loan Broker’s reputation and brand 
image may be harmed if the company encounters difficulties in the provision of its services. Such difficulties may 
arise as a result of technical issues, changes in the product offering, financial concerns, regulatory sanctions or 
any other reasons. Damage to the brand of the Loan Broker or a deterioration in the quality of the services it 
provides may have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition, results of operations, prospects 
or cash flows. 
Risk rating: Low. 
2.4.5. Cross-risks applicable to the Loan Broker 
Considering the dependency that the Loan Broker has on the Loan Originators’ ability to provide financing to the 
Underlying Borrowers, its operations and prospects are exposed to risks as described in Section “2.3 RISK FACTORS 
RELATED TO THE LOAN ORIGINATOR” herein. 
Risk rating: Medium. 
2.5. RISK FACTORS RELATED TO THE SECURITIES AND TRADING MARKET 
The main risk factors that influence the Securities are related with repayment risk, liquidity risk, price risk and 
others. Following risk factors should be considered in particular in relation to investments in Securities and the 
trading market: 
Risk 
Risk rating 
Securities repayment risk 
Medium 
Liquidity risk 
Medium

--- Page 17 ---
16 
Risk 
Risk rating 
Price risk 
Medium 
Tax risk 
Medium 
Risk related with lack of specific securitization regulation 
Medium 
2.5.1. Securities repayment risk  
No collateral, pledge or other types of guarantees will be available for the Securityholder with respect to the 
Securities. However, the Securities will be backed by the Loan Receivables which have a pledge over the 
Underlying Portfolio. In case of Issuer’s insolvency the Securityholder has the right as other creditors of the 
relevant group to receive the payment of the outstanding principal amount of the Securities and the interest 
accrued on the Securities according to the relevant laws governing the insolvency process of the Issuer. There are 
no direct contracts or other transaction documents concluded with the Securityholder, which would clearly define 
the subordination of the claims of the Securityholder to other unsecured obligations of the Issuer.  
However, the Assignment Agreement concluded between the Lender, the Issuer and the Distributor shall define 
among other terms and conditions that all claims arising from these Securities are subordinated to other claims 
of the Distributor. Furthermore, according to the Assignment Agreement the Distributor shall confirm that it will 
not perform any action which would impact the status of the Securities, i.e., the subordination of the claims arising 
from the Securities over other outstanding claims.  
Risk rating: Medium. 
2.5.2. Liquidity risk  
The Securities are not admitted to any trading venue and thus, can be considered as illiquid instruments. The 
potential buyers and transferees are limited only to other investors on the Platform. Neither the Issuer, nor any 
other person guarantees the minimum liquidity of the Securities prior the initially agreed term has expired. The 
Securityholder should consider that there may be difficulties in selling the Securities to other Securityholders on 
the Platform, which might lead to selling at a discount to liquidate the Securityholder’s position. Discount rate 
and premium shall be capped to maximum of 29.9 per cent (for discount) and 4.9 per cent (for premium) change 
from Nominal Value correspondingly.  
Risk rating: Medium. 
2.5.3. Price risk  
Securities shall be repaid for their Nominal Value, however the fair value of the Security might significantly differ 
from the initial Nominal Value as price of the Security after the Issue Date may fluctuate, depending on what 
other investors are willing to pay for it. Neither the Issuer, nor any other person undertakes to maintain a certain 
price level of Securities, therefore a Securityholder may bear loss if they decide to sell the Security. 
Risk rating: Medium. 
2.5.4. Tax risk  
Tax rates and the payment procedure of taxes that is in force at the moment of the purchase of the Securities 
and is applicable to both tax residents and non-residents of Latvia may change over time. The Issuer will not 
compensate the Securityholder for any increase in taxes to be paid by them, therefore, the Securityholder may 
receive smaller payments related to the Securities over time. 
In the event that new regulation is introduced, or existing regulation or its interpretation changes so that the 
Issuer and/or Distributor needs to withhold additional taxes before making payments to the Securityholder, and 
the Issuer and/or Distributor is required to withhold any transfer tax, stamp duty and/or financial transactions 
tax, this could impact the expected return on investment for the Securityholder. Similar consequences might arise 
also in the Securityholder’s tax residence country, if the same takes place there. 
Risk rating: Medium.

--- Page 18 ---
17 
2.5.5. Risk related with lack of specific securitization regulation 
There are no dedicated laws and regime in Latvia addressing specific special purpose entity issuer insolvency or 
limited recourse concepts. The Issuer believes the Terms and Conditions of the Securities are set up and drafted 
as having legal force and addressing such concerns as legally binding contractual obligations. There might be 
circumstances that influence such legal construction, including, but not limited to the court ruling, or new or 
modified legal enactments. Eventually, this could lead to delayed payments, or partial or full loss of the amount 
invested in the Securities. 
Securities do not have the status of a bank deposit in Latvia or elsewhere, and thus Securities are not within the 
scope of the deposit protection or guarantee scheme operated by Latvia or any other jurisdiction. 
Risk rating: Medium.

--- Page 19 ---
18 
3. DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE 
Words and expressions defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Securities or elsewhere in the Base Prospectus have the same meanings in 
this section, unless otherwise stated. 
Throughout the period of the validity of the Base Prospectus, the copies of the following documents will be 
available for viewing on the Website and may be obtained, free of charge, during normal business hours at: 42 
Dzirnavu Street, Riga, LV-1010, Latvia: 
a. the Base Prospectus; 
b. the memorandum and up to date articles of association of the Issuer; 
c. the Loan Originator’s non-audited standalone financial statements for year 2020; 
d. the Loan Originator’s non-audited standalone financial statements for year 2021; 
e. the Loan Broker’s audited financial statements for year 2020; 
f. the Loan Broker’s audited financial statements for year 2021. 
In addition to the aforesaid documents, throughout validity of the Base Prospectus, copies of the following 
documents may be inspected at: 42 Dzirnavu Street, Riga, LV-1010, Latvia: 
a. the Loan Agreement between the Loan Originator and the Lender; 
b. the Assignment Agreement between the Lender and the Issuer; 
c. the Client Agreement between the Distributor and the Securityholder; 
d. the Distribution Agreement between the Distributor and the Issuer. 
Any interested party may download the above documents from the Website free of charge or request the delivery 
of electronic copies of the documents from the Issuer.  
There are no reports, letters, and other documents, historical financial information, valuations and statements 
prepared by any expert at the Issuer's request any part of which is included or referred to in this Base Prospectus.  
Any other information on the Website does not form part of the Base Prospectus (with the exception of links to 
the electronic addresses where information incorporated by reference is available) and has not been scrutinised 
or approved by the FCMC. 
The website of the Loan Originator does not form any part of the contents of the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 20 ---
19 
4. DESCRIPTION OF THE UNDERLYING ASSET 
The following must be read with reference to other parts of this Base Prospectus and any decision to invest in the Securities should be based 
on a consideration of the Base Prospectus as a whole, the Terms and Conditions of the Securities, and the documents incorporated by reference.  
Words and expressions defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Securities or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same meanings in 
this section, unless otherwise stated. Prospective investors should consider, among other things, the following. 
4.1. DESCRIPRION OF THE TRANSACTION OVERVIEW  
This section describes the characteristics of the process of issuance of the Securities, the flow of the payments 
under the Securities, and the roles of the Loan Originator, the Loan Broker, the Lender, the Issuer, and the 
Distributor. 
For the purposes of the issuance and sale of the Securities, the Issuer, the Distributor, the Lender, the Loan 
Originator and the Loan Broker have concluded the Transaction Documents. 
4.1.1. Issuance of the Securities 
The Issuer will issue the Securities to the Securityholder for the sole purpose of funding the acquisition of the 
Loan Receivables. The Loan Receivables are claim rights based on the Loan disbursed by the Lender (as the lender) 
to the Loan Originator (as the borrower) in accordance with the Loan Agreement. The Loan Originator shall use 
the Loan for the purposes of the issuance of the Underlying Loans to the Underlying Borrowers. The outstanding 
principal amount of the Loan disbursed by the Lender to the Loan Originator shall not exceed 95% of the total 
amount of the outstanding Underlying Loans at any given point in time of the validity of the Loan Agreement. This 
way the Loan Originator economically retains at least 5% skin-in-the-game. This is done to ensure that the Loan 
Originator’s interests are aligned with the interests of the Lender and the Securityholders. The transactions will 
be structured in several steps, where the Issuer will acquire the legal title of the Loan Receivables from the Lender 
prior to the issuance of the Securities.  
The Lender (as the assignor) will assign the Loan Receivables to the Issuer (as the assignee) in accordance with 
the Assignment Agreement. As a result, the Issuer will acquire the legal title to the Loan Receivables, which in 
turn will be used as the underlying asset of the Securities. The Loan Receivables transferred to the Issuer and 
backing the Securities will have characteristics that demonstrate capacity to produce funds to service any 
payments due and payable on the Securities. Each separate Loan Receivables will be linked to a finite number of 
Securities depending on the outstanding amount of the Loan Receivables. The interest rate of the Security shall 
be fixed and independent from the interest rates of the Loan Receivables and will be defined within the relevant 
Final Terms. The amount of the Loan Receivables assigned to the Issuer within a Series shall be equal to the gross 
proceeds from the respective issuance of the Securities. The payment for the assigned Loan Receivables is subject 
to the placement of the Securities on the Platform. The Issuer will pay the Assignment Fee to the Lender after the 
Securities are issued to the Securityholders by using the proceeds received by the Issuer from the Securityholders.. 
After the Loan Receivables are assigned to the Issuer, the Distributor publishes the Final Terms for the relevant 
Series of the Securities on the Platform according to the Issuer’s instructions given to the Distributor. The 
Securities will be issued at par and no discount or premium shall be applied unless otherwise stated in the relevant 
Final Terms. Each Series of Securities will be issued in registered and book-entry form. The Issuer expects that the 
net proceeds of any Series of the Securities will equal the Aggregate Nominal Amount of the relevant Series. The 
proceeds of the Series of the Securities will be transferred by the Distributor to the Lender, which then shall 
further transfer these funds to the Loan Originator in accordance with the Loan Agreement. 
The Distributor operates as an investment firm (in Latvian – ieguldījumu brokeru sabiedrība) and organizes the 
process of offering the Securities on the Platform in accordance with the Issuer’s instructions. On the Issue Date, 
the Securities are publicly offered by the Issuer through the Platform. Potential investors can purchase Securities 
starting from the Issue Date until the Maturity Date set out in the relevant Final Terms or until the time when the 
Securities are fully sold to investors by the Issuer, whichever occurs earlier. Information about the offer results of 
the Securities is published on the Website in real time starting from the Issue Date.  
In addition to the above, the Distributor shall also act as an intermediary by and between the Issuer, the Lender 
and the Loan Originator in accordance with the instructions given under the Transaction Documents. The 
Distributor is authorized by the Issuer to make payments on its behalf to the Lender and the Securityholders by 
making:

--- Page 21 ---
20 
a. corresponding outgoing payments, immediately, but no later than within three (3) business days after the 
day of receiving the incoming funds from the Securityholders (unless agreed otherwise by the parties), to 
the Lender; and 
b. corresponding outgoing payments, immediately, but no later than within three (3) business days after the 
day of receiving the incoming funds from the Issuer (unless agreed otherwise by the parties), to the 
Securityholders. 
When managing the cash flow and executing the transfers between the involved parties, the Distributor shall 
observe the following: 
a. 
funds from the investors shall be collected prior the purchase of the Securities; 
b. the Issue Price shall be transferred by the Distributor to the Issuer only after the Securities are issued to 
the Securityholders; 
c. 
the Assignment Price shall be transferred by the Issuer to the Lender only after the Issue Price is received 
by the Issuer (unless the Assignment Price shall be transferred by the Distributor to the Lender directly 
on behalf of the Issuer, but only after the Issue Price shall be received from the Securityholders); 
d. the Securities shall be repaid by the Distributor to the Securityholders only after the Loan Receivables are 
received by the Issuer. 
The Distributor shall also: 
a. 
verify and ensure that the transactions between the parties involved in the process are compliant with 
applicable laws and regulations pursuant to the laws and regulations of Latvia and the European Union 
on the prevention of money laundering and terrorism and proliferation financing; and  
b. maintain the Register for the transactions. 
Figure 1 - Transaction structure: Legal arrangements between the parties 
 
 
1. 
Loan Agreement: serves as the underlying asset 
of the Securities; 
 
2. 
Assignment Agreement: serves as the means of 
transferring 
the 
ownership 
of 
the 
Loan 
Receivables from the Lender to the Issuer; 
 
3. 
Securities: serve as the means of the Issuer to 
obtain the funds from the Securityholders to be 
able to acquire the Loan Receivables. 
 
4.1.2. Payments under the Securities 
The Loan Originator shall repay the Loan to the Issuer in accordance with the Loan Agreement and the Assignment 
Agreement. The Issuer shall further transfer the Loan Receivables to the Distributor which then shall use them to 
repay the Securities to the Securityholders. Accordingly, all payments that the Issuer is obliged to make to the 
Securities
Distributor
Issuer
Lender
Loan Originator
Securityholders
Underlying Borrowers
1
2
3
Loan Agreement
Assignment 
Agreement

--- Page 22 ---
21 
Securityholder under each Series will be made only from and to the extent of such sums received (net of tax) from 
the assets (i.e., Loan Receivables) securing such Series.  
Each Security issued within a certain Series shall be linked to certain Loan Receivables and pay a fixed interest 
rate to the Securityholders. Certain characteristics and behaviour of the Securities like start date and end date, as 
well as cash flows will be linked to the Loan Receivables. If any of the Loan Receivables are (a) repaid in full or in 
part, (b) delayed or (c) extended, the same actions will take place with respect to the Securities that are linked to 
the corresponding Loan Receivables.  
The repayment or delay of repayment of the Loan will trigger the repayment (or, correspondingly, delay of such) 
of the Securities that are backed by the particular Loan Receivables. The Loan Originator shall pay interest for the 
usage of the Loan. This will be further used by the Issuer to pay the interest on the Securities to the 
Securityholders. This ensures that the Securityholders have a credit risk exposure towards the Loan Originator 
and that Securities mirror the behaviour and cash flow profile of the Loan Receivables. 
In each case where amounts of principal, interest and additional amounts (if any) are stated to be payable in 
respect of the Securities, the Issuer has an obligation to make such payment to the Securityholders only if and in 
such amount as the corresponding payment has been received and retained (net of tax and all other deductions) 
by the Issuer from the Loan Originator with respect to the Loan Receivables securing those exact Securities.  
The Issuer will have no other financial obligations towards the Securityholders under the relevant Series and no 
other assets (including Loan Receivables securing other Series) of the Issuer will be available to Securityholders. 
Securityholders will have no further recourse to the Issuer or any of its other assets in respect thereof.  
If the amount due and payable by the Issuer under Securities exceeds the sums received or recovered from the 
Loan Originator, the right of any person to claim payment from the Issuer of any amount exceeding such sums 
shall be extinguished, and the Securityholders may take no further action to recover such amounts. The 
Securityholders will be deemed to have accepted and agreed that they will be relying solely on the credit and 
financial standing of the Loan Originator in respect of the payment obligations of the Issuer under the Securities. 
Except as set forth herein, payments in respect of the Securities will be made without any deduction or 
withholding for, or on account of, the taxes of any relevant jurisdiction, except as required by the applicable laws 
of Latvia (for more information, please see section “12. TAXATION”). 
The Securities may be redeemed early at the option of the Issuer, all as more fully described in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Securities. 
Figure 2 - Transaction structure: Flow of Payments  
 
4. 
Assignment Fee: the Distributor transfers the 
Assignment Fee to the Lender on behalf of the 
Issuer after the Securities are issued; 
 
5. 
Granting of the Loan: the Lender transfers the 
principal of the Loan to the Loan Originator after 
the Assignment Fee has been received; 
 
6. 
Repayment of the Loan Receivables: upon the 
maturity of the Loan the Loan Originator repays 
the Loan Receivables to the Issuer (as a result of 
the Assignment Agreement the Issuer is the 
owner of the Loan Receivables) 
 
7. 
Repayment of the Securities: upon receiving the 
repayment of the Loan Receivables, the Issuer 
repays the Securities to the Securityholders (the 
repayment is made through the Distributor). 
Distributor
Issuer
Lender
Loan Originator
Securityholders
Underlying Borrowers
4
5
Assignment 
Fee
Loan
6
7
Repayment of 
Loan Receivables
Repayment of 
Securities

--- Page 23 ---
22 
 
4.1.3. Coverage of the Securities 
No collateral, pledge or other types of guarantees will be available for the Securityholder with respect to the 
Securities. The Securities are only backed by the Loan Receivables. This means that the Issuer has the right to 
receive the repayments made by the Loan Originator with respect to the Loan, which in terms of amount fully 
covers all Securities. The Loan Receivables shall be pledged by the Underlying Portfolio of the Loan Originator in 
line with the Loan Agreement, unless it becomes illegal for the pledge to remain in force in line with the laws of 
Vietnam, in which case the Loan Receivables shall be unsecured. 
4.1.4. The Underlying Loans 
The Underlying Loans are granted to the Underlying Borrowers by the Loan Originator in cooperation with the 
Loan Broker. The Loan Broker and the Loan Originator both have entered into a cooperation with the aim of 
granting consumer loans to customers in Vietnam, where: 
a. 
the Loan Broker is the client facing entity and is responsible for (among others) functions like: 
(a) customer service, (b) marketing, (c) risk scoring and (d) debt collection; and 
b. the Loan Originator is the one that grants the Underlying Loans to the Underlying Borrowers, if they 
qualify for the loan according to the risk scoring done by the Loan Broker. 
The Loan Broker acts as a service provider with respect to the Loan Originator for which the Loan Originator pays 
a service fee to the Loan Broker. The parties have also entered into a compensation agreement, where the Loan 
Broker (given that it performs the risk scoring process) compensates the Loan Originator for the credit risk with 
respect to the Underlying Loans. As a result, the Loan Broker and the Loan Originator are both performing integral 
parts of the issuance of the Underlying Loans.  
The Loan Receivables shall be repaid by using the proceeds of the Underlying Portfolio of the Loan Originator, 
however, the repayment of the Loan is not conditional upon the repayment of the Underlying Loans. If certain 
Underlying Loans are not repaid by the Underlying Borrowers in time or at all, the Loan Originator is nevertheless 
still obliged to repay the Loan in accordance with the Loan Agreement irrespective of the status of the repayment 
of the Underlying Loans, i.e. the performance of individual Underlying Loans does not have any direct effect on 
the performance of the Securities.  
4.2. DESCRIPTION OF THE TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS 
The following must be read as summary of the key features of the Transaction Documents provided for solely for information purposes and 
under no circumstances should not be deemed the full legally binding text of the respective agreement. 
4.2.1. The Loan Agreement 
4.2.1.1. Subject of the Loan Agreement 
The Loan Agreement is concluded by and between the Lender (as the lender) and the Loan Originator (as the 
borrower) with respect to the Loan. According to the Loan Agreement: 
Subject: 
the Lender grants and issues to the Loan Originator the Loan in form of a loan facility; 
Principal amount: 
the maximum limit of the Loan is EUR 10 000 000; 
Skin-in-the game: 
the principal amount of the Loan may not exceed 95% of the total outstanding 
portfolio of the Underlying Loans indicated by the Loan Originator as the source of the 
repayment of the Loan; 
Interest on Loan 
the Loan carries a fixed interest rate defined in the Final Terms; 
Term of the Loan: 
up to 12 (twelve) months with a possibility to extend the initial maturity no more than 
4 times for a 3-month period (in total 12-month period);;

--- Page 24 ---
23 
Aim of the Loan: 
the Loan Originator shall use the Loan for the purposes of the issuance of the 
Underlying Loans, as well as purposes directly related to issuance of the Underlying 
Loans; 
Repayment: 
the repayment of the Loan takes place in accordance with the repayment schedule; 
the Loan Originator shall repay the Loan from the received repayments of the 
Underlying Loans; 
the repayment of the Loan is not linked to or conditional upon the repayment of the 
Underlying Loans, but instead shall take place in accordance with the schedule set out 
in the Loan Agreement; 
the Loan Originator shall commit the proceeds received from the Underlying Portfolio 
to be used for the purposes of the repayment of the Loan and payment of interest. If 
the Loan Originator defaults on the Loan, the Lender shall have the right to take to 
request the Loan Broker to settle the monetary liabilities of the Loan Originator in full; 
Penalty: 
if the Loan Originator fails to repay the Loan or pay the accrued interest to the Lender 
within the terms and amounts specified in the Loan Agreement, the Loan Originator 
shall pay the Lender late payment interest in the amount of 0.1% of the amount that 
has not been repaid for each day of the delay; 
Assignments and 
transfers: 
the Loan Originator shall not be entitled to assign or transfer all or any part of its rights 
or obligations under the Loan Agreement to any other person; 
the Lender has the right to assign the rights and obligations under the Loan 
Agreement respect to the Loan to third party without any approval from the Loan 
Originator; 
Term and 
termination: 
the Loan Agreement is in force until the Loan Originator has settled all its liabilities in 
full; 
Governing law: 
the laws of Latvia; 
Dispute settlement: 
the disputes and any claims between the parties are settled in a court of Latvia 
according to the laws of Latvia. 
 
4.2.1.2. Structure of the Loan Agreement 
The Loan Agreement provides that the Loan may be distributed in parts. Each part of the Loan is granted and 
issued in accordance with the terms of the additional agreement (“Loan Distribution Agreement”) that is prepared 
in accordance with the terms and conditions set out in the Loan Agreement and is drawn up in accordance with 
the form that is attached to the Loan Agreement. The Loan Distribution Agreement is an integral part of the Loan 
Agreement. 
The Loan Distribution Agreement sets out the terms and conditions of each part of the Loan, including, but not 
limited to: 
 
Amount of the part of 
the Loan: 
there is no limit for the minimum amount of a part of the Loan, as well as the 
frequency of issuing parts of the Loan under the Loan Agreement; 
the maximum amount of the part of the Loan shall not exceed EUR 250 000; 
the amount of the part of the Loan does not mirror the amount of individual 
Underlying Loan used for the repayment of the Loan as the Loan and the Underlying 
Loan independent from each other; 
Term of the part of 
the Loan: 
from 3 to 12 months, provided that the initial maturity of a part of the Loan shall not 
exceed the end date of the Loan Agreement;

--- Page 25 ---
24 
Extensions of the 
Term of the part of 
the Loan: 
subject to the Lender’s written approval, the Loan Originator has the right to extend 
the initial maturity of a part of the Loan for no more than 4 times for a 3-month 
period (in total 12-month period); 
Repayment schedule 
of the part of the Loan 
the repayment of the part of the Loan takes place in accordance with the repayment 
schedule; 
the repayment of the principal amount of each part of the Loan shall be structured 
as a bullet payment, while the repayment of interest shall take place periodically both 
of which among other things shall be defined in the Final Terms; 
Interest on the part of 
the Loan: 
the part of the Loan carries a fixed interest rate which is defined in the Final Terms. 
 
4.2.1.3. Preconditions of the Loan  
The Loan Originator is entitled to request granting of the Loan if it has fulfilled the preconditions set in the Loan 
Agreement, including: 
a. 
the Loan Originator has sufficient collateral to cover the Loan; 
b. the Loan Originator meets the financial covenants set in the Loan Agreement; 
c. 
the Lender has received the Assignment Fee for the Loan Receivables from the Issuer.  
If the Assignment Fee is not paid by the Issuer, the Lender is not obliged to grant the particular individual Loan. 
If the preconditions set out in the Loan Agreement are not met, the Lender may refuse granting of the Loan and 
concluding the Loan Distribution Agreement.  
4.2.1.4. Procedure for distributing the Loan 
The Loan is distributed in the following manner:  
a. 
the Loan Originator submits a request to the Lender to grant a part of the Loan specifying the amount of 
the part of the Loan, its maturity date and other characteristics, thus creating a new Loan Receivable; 
b. once the Loan Originator has submitted the request to the Lender it is binding to the Loan Originator and 
the Loan Originator cannot refuse the accept or withdraw from borrowing the reserved part of the Loan 
from the Lender, unless mutually agreed with the Lender; 
c. 
the Loan Originator and the Lender concludes the Loan Distribution Agreement according to which the 
Lender grants the reserved part of the Loan but does not distribute it to the Loan Originator; 
d. the Lender assigns the Loan Receivables to the Issuer according to the terms of the Assignment 
Agreement; and  
e. the Lender distributes the reserved part of the Loan to the Loan Originator when the amounts are paid 
by the Securityholder for the Securities that the part of the Loan is backing; 
f. 
from the date of the distribution of the part of the Loan as per the terms of the Loan Distribution 
Agreement, interest on the part of the Loan accrues. 
4.2.1.5. Obligations of the Loan Originator 
The Loan Originator among other things commits to:  
a. 
borrow and accept the reserved part of the Loan according to the Loan Agreement and the Loan 
Distribution Agreement; 
b. repay the Loan and pay the accrued interest in accordance with the schedule; 
c. 
pay any late fees, if applicable.  
4.2.2. The Assignment Agreement 
The Assignment Agreement is concluded by and between the Lender (as the assignor) and the Issuer (as the 
assignee) with respect to the Loan Receivables. The Loan Receivables serve as the asset that is backing the 
Securities. The behaviour of the Securities is linked to the behaviour of the Loan Receivables – the repayment (or 
delay) of the Loan Receivables triggers an equivalent repayment (or delay) of the Securities.

--- Page 26 ---
25 
Subject: 
the Lender assigns to the Issuer the legal title of the Loan Receivables arising out of the 
Loan Agreement, thus allowing the Loan Receivables to serve as the asset that is backing 
the Securities; 
the Loan Receivables shall be assigned in full amount (with respect to the Loan issued) 
and the Lender shall not retain the title to any receivables arising from the Loan. 
Assignment Fee: 
a fee which the Issuer shall pay to the Lender and which is equivalent to the amount of 
the principal amount of the Loan that is assigned within the particular transaction. 
Obligations of the 
Lender: 
the Lender shall continue to service the Loan and receive repayments with respect to the 
Loan Receivables from the Loan Originator; 
Warranties of the 
Lender: 
the Lender provides a warranty to the Issuer that the claims arising from the Loan 
Receivables are: 
a. not alienated to any third party; 
b. not encumbered with any encumbrances; 
c. 
not subject to any disputes; 
d. not subject to any restrictions that forbid to assign them to the Issuer; 
e. not subject to any limitations on making a recovery with regard to them;  
f. 
not subject to any other interest, right or claim over by third parties, in or in 
relation to them.  
In addition to the above, the Lender warrants to the Issuer that it will not undergo any 
restructuring, acquire or establish any subsidiaries without prior written confirmation 
from the Issuer as long as the Loan Receivables are not fully repaid to the Issuer. 
Repayment of the 
Loan Receivables: 
the Loan Originator is obliged to repay the Loan directly to the Issuer as a result of the 
Assignment Agreement; 
the Lender is obliged to transfer any repayments with respect to the Loan Receivables to 
the Issuer upon receiving such repayments from the Loan Originator, if any; 
No guarantee by 
the Lender: 
the Lender does not provide any kind of guarantee to the Issuer with respect to the 
repayment of the Loan Receivables; 
Term and 
termination: 
the Assignment Agreement is in force until the Lender has settled all its liabilities in full; 
Governing law: 
the laws of Latvia; 
Dispute 
settlement: 
the disputes and any claims between the parties are settled in a court of Latvia according 
to the laws of Latvia. 
4.2.3. The Guarantee Agreement 
The Guarantee Agreement is concluded by and between the Loan Broker (as the guarantor) and the Lender (as 
the obligee) to secure the obligations of the Loan Originator with respect of the Loan Receivables that may be 
incurred and arising out of the Loan Agreement. Under the Guarantee Agreement the Loan Broker provides 
assurance to the Lender to cover all the monetary liabilities of the Loan Originator arising out of the Loan 
Agreement if the Loan Originator fails to fulfil its obligations. 
Subject: 
the Loan Broker provides irrevocable and unconditional assurance as the principal 
debtor to the Lender (and its assignors) to cover in full all the monetary liabilities of 
the Loan Originator (principal, interest, commissions, indemnities, charges, expenses 
and other) that may be incurred and arising out of the Loan Agreement if the Loan 
Originator fails to fulfil its obligations; 
Right of the Lender: 
to request the Loan Broker to make a payment if the Loan Originator fails, in whole or 
in part, to make any payment due under the Loan Agreement;

--- Page 27 ---
26 
Obligations of the 
Loan Broker: 
upon receipt of the Lender’s (or its assignor’s) first written request to make a payment 
to the Lender (or its assignor); 
Term and 
termination: 
the Guarantee Agreement is in force until the Loan Originator has settled all its 
liabilities arising out of the Loan Agreement in full; 
Governing law: 
the laws of Latvia; 
Dispute settlement: 
the disputes and any claims between the parties are settled in a court of Latvia 
according to the laws of Latvia. 
4.2.4. The Subordination Agreement 
The Subordination Agreement is concluded by and between the Loan Originator (as the debtor) and the Loan 
Broker (as the guarantor) and the Lender (as the creditor) to depict and recognize the liabilities of the Loan 
Originator and the Loan Broker arising out of the Transaction Documents (the Loan Agreement, the Guarantee 
agreement and the Distribution Agreement) and the priority of those liabilities over any other liabilities of the 
Loan Originator and the Loan Broker respectively.  
Subject: 
under the Subordination Agreement the liabilities and the repayment obligations of 
the Loan Originator arising out of the Loan Agreement are deemed to be senior 
liabilities while any other monetary debt liabilities of the Loan Originator are deemed 
to be junior liabilities, except the repayment obligations arising out of the following 
agreements concluded by and between the Loan Originator (as the borrower) and AS 
FINNO, the unified registration number: 40103919184) (hereinafter jointly referred 
to as “Short Term Loan Facility Agreement"): 
a. 
the Short Term Loan Facility Agreement No. 01/12/2020.1, dated December 
1st 2020, as well as the following amendments: 
i. 
Additional Agreement No. 1, dated January 13th 2021; 
ii. 
Additional Agreement No. 2, dated April 7th 2021; and  
iii. 
Additional Agreement No. 3, dated April 30th 2021; and 
b. the Short Term Loan Facility Agreement No 01/12/2021, dated December 1st, 
2021. 
the claim rights of the loan receivables arising out of the Short Term Loan Facility 
Agreement have been assigned to the investors via the Platform. The liabilities and 
the repayment obligations arising out of the Loan Agreement and the Short Term Loan 
Facility Agreement rank pari passu without any preference among themselves. The 
junior liabilities shall be subordinated under the senior liabilities and thus the junior 
liabilities are ranked below the senior liabilities with regard to claims on assets or 
earnings; 
under the Subordination Agreement the liabilities and the repayment obligations of 
the Loan Broker arising out of the Guarantee Agreement are deemed to be senior 
liabilities while any other monetary debt liabilities of the Loan Broker are deemed to 
be junior liabilities. The junior liabilities shall be subordinated under the senior 
liabilities and thus the junior liabilities are ranked below the senior liabilities with 
regard to claims on assets or earnings; 
Right of the Lender: 
in the event of the Loan Originator’s and/or the Loan Broker’s default to meet its 
financial obligations towards their creditors, the Lender (or its assignees) has the legal 
right to request to settle the monetary liabilities towards the Lender (or its assignees) 
in full first; 
Obligations of the 
Loan Broker: 
to respect the subordination of the junior liabilities and settle the monetary liabilities 
towards the Lender (or its assignees) before settling any other creditor claims; 
Obligations of the 
Loan Originator: 
to respect the subordination of the junior liabilities and settle the monetary liabilities 
towards the Lender (or its assignees) before settling any other creditor claims;

--- Page 28 ---
27 
Term and 
termination: 
the Subordination Agreement is in force until the Loan Originator has settled all its 
liabilities arising out of the Loan Agreement in full and/or until the end of the validity 
term of the Guarantee Agreement; 
Governing law: 
the laws of Latvia; 
Dispute settlement: 
the disputes and any claims between the parties are settled in a court of Latvia 
according to the laws of Latvia.

--- Page 29 ---
28 
5. ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE 
The Issuer, the Lender and the Loan Broker all have the same ultimate beneficial owner – Mr Armands Broks (the 
“UBO”), however they belong to and operate under the management of different business divisions that are 
controlled by the UBO. These are: 
investment business: 
the investment business operates under the brand name “TWINO” and is set up under two different legal entities 
(in the Base Prospectus jointly referred to as the “TWINO Group”): AS TWINO Investments, with the unified 
registration number: 44103143823 (the Distributor) and SIA TWINO Investments Holding, with the unified 
registration number: 40203295313 ("SIA TWINO Investments Holding”). Both the Issuer and the Lender are 
subsidiaries of SIA TWINO Investments Holding and part of the TWINO Group, consisting of companies that 
operate in the investment business, including, but not limited to the Distributor. 
lending business: 
the lending business operates under the brand name “FINNO” and is set up under three different legal entities 
(in this Base Prospectus jointly referred to as the “FINNO Group”), amongst them is SIA FINNO Asia, with the 
unified registration number: 40203370838 (“SIA FINNO Asia”). SIA FINNO Asia is a part of the FINNO Group, which 
consists of companies that operate in the lending business. SIA FINNO Asia holds 50% shareholding in the Loan 
Broker. Historically the lending business operated under the TWINO brand, but along with the emergence of the 
investment business was separated from the latter both in terms of the legal structure, as well as the brand name. 
Figure 3 - Legal structure of the Issuer, the Lender and the Loan Broker

--- Page 30 ---
29 
6. THE ISSUER 
6.1. INCORPORATION AND OWNERSHIP 
SIA TWINO Investments Vietnam ("Issuer”), was incorporated and registered as a limited liability company (in 
Latvian – sabiedrība ar ierobežotu atbildību) in the Commercial Register of Enterprises of Latvia on February 15, 
2022 with the unified registration number: 40203380037. It is organised and operating pursuant to the laws of 
Latvia and has been established for an indefinite period of time. The Legal Entity Identifier ("LEI”) of the Issuer is 
9845001E8B5BB4783E93. The registered address and office of the Issuer is at: 42 Dzirnavu Street, Riga, LV-1010, 
Latvia and its telephone number is: +371 67 799 997.  
The Issuer’s authorised, issued and paid-up share capital is EUR 2 800.00 divided into 2 800 ordinary shares with 
a nominal value of EUR 1.00 per share. Each share is entitled to one (1) vote. 100% of the shares of the Issuer are 
held by its sole shareholder SIA TWINO Investments Holding, incorporated and registered as a limited liability 
company in Latvia with the unified registration number: 40203295313. The sole shareholder of SIA TWINO 
Investments Holding is Mr Armands Broks, who is the sole ultimate beneficial owner of the Issuer. 
6.2. GOVERNANCE 
The Issuer is managed by the Management Board and the shareholders’ meeting. The Management Board is the 
executive body of the Issuer, which manages and represents the Issuer. The Management Board is responsible 
for the commercial activities and accounting of the Issuer as well as administration of the Issuer property in 
compliance with the law. Members of the Management Board are elected by the Issuer’s sole shareholder. In 
accordance with the Articles of Association, the Management Board of the Issuer consists of: 
 
Title: 
member of the Management Board with the right to represent individually 
Full name: 
Mr Helvijs Henšelis 
Education 
and 
experience:  
Mr Helvijs Henšelis has a strong background in business. He has held positions such as 
a Tax manager in SIA “Pricewaterhouse Coopers”, SIA “Deloitte Latvia” and in both 
TWINO and FINNO Groups. Most recently he has been appointed as the Strategic 
Advisor of TWINO, where he assists in the development of strategic plans of the 
company.  
Mr Helvijs Henšelis holds a bachelor degree in finance and economics from Stockholm 
School of Economics in Riga. 
Other positions:  
a. 
strategic advisor of AS TWINO Investments; 
b. CEO and member of the Management Board of SIA “Corta Solutions”; 
c. 
co-founder and member of the Management Board of SIA “Medon”. 
 
The shareholders’ meeting is the highest decision-making body of the Issuer. Some of the main matters that are 
in the competence of the shareholders’ meeting are: (a) amendments to the Articles of Association; (b) increase 
or decrease of the share capital; (c) dividend approval; (d) election/dismissal of members of the Management 
Board; (e) approval of annual financial accounts and distribution of profit. 
6.3. BUSINESS 
The Issuer has been established as a special purpose entity for the purpose of issuing asset-backed securities 
(“Securities”). The Issuer does not undertake any business other than the issue and redemption of the Securities 
and other related transactions. The Issuer has no direct or indirect subsidiaries, and it does not own any shares 
of equity.

--- Page 31 ---
30 
6.4. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
The financial reporting process of the Issuer is overseen at TWINO Group level, to ensure the transparency and 
integrity of financial information and the effectiveness of the TWINO Group’s internal control and risk 
management system, including recommending the appointment and assessing the performance of the external 
auditor, and the effectiveness of the process for monitoring compliance with laws and regulations affecting 
financial reporting and code of business conduct.  
On the date of the Base Prospectus, audited financial statements of the Issuer have not been drawn up and are 
not available as the Issuer has been recently incorporated, has not commenced operations, and has not operated 
a full financial year. The financial statements of the Issuer will be prepared in accordance with the Latvian 
Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP). The Issuer will prepare its first statements in respect of the 
period ending in December 31, 2022. The Issuer does not publish interim financial statements nor does it have 
any subsidiaries so its accounts are non-consolidated. 
Since the date of the Issuer’s incorporation, there has been no significant change in the financial statements of 
the Issuer and no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of the Issuer. 
6.5. AUTHORISATION 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in Latvia in connection with the issue 
and of the Securities prior their offering to public. The Programme and issue of the Securities was authorised by 
resolution of the sole shareholder of the Issuer passed on the 2nd of November 2022.  
6.6. LEGAL AND ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS 
Since the date of the Issuer’s incorporation, the Issuer has not been involved in any litigation or arbitration 
proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) which 
may have, or have had a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer.

--- Page 32 ---
31 
7. THE LENDER 
7.1. INCORPORATION AND OWNERSHIP 
SIA TWINO Investments Finance (“Lender”), was incorporated and registered as a limited liability company (in 
Latvian – sabiedrība ar ierobežotu atbildību) in the Commercial Register of Enterprises of Latvia on February 15, 
2022 with the unified registration number: 40203380408. It is organised and operating pursuant to the laws of 
Latvia and has been established for an indefinite period of time. The registered address and office of the Lender 
is at: 42 Dzirnavu Street, Riga, LV-1010, Latvia and its telephone number is: +371 67 799 997. 
The Lender’s authorised, issued and paid-up share capital is EUR 2 800.00 divided into 2 800 ordinary shares with 
a nominal value of EUR 1.00 per share. Each share is entitled to one (1) vote. 100% of the shares of the Lender 
are held by its sole shareholder SIA TWINO Investments Holding, incorporated and registered as a limited liability 
company in Latvia with the unified registration number: 40203295313. The sole shareholder of SIA TWINO 
Investments Holding is Mr Armands Broks, who is the sole ultimate beneficial owner of the Lender. 
7.2. GOVERNANCE 
The Lender is managed by the Management Board and the shareholders’ meeting. The Management Board is the 
executive body of the Lender, which manages and represents the Lender. The Management Board is responsible 
for the commercial activities and accounting of the Lender as well as administration of the Lender property in 
compliance with the law. Members of the Management Board are elected by the Lender’s sole shareholder. In 
accordance with the Articles of Association, the Management Board of the Issuer consists of: 
 
Title: 
member of the Management Board with the right to represent individually 
Full name: 
Mr Helvijs Henšelis 
Education and 
experience: 
Mr Helvijs Henšelis has a strong background in business. He has held positions such as a Tax 
manager in SIA “Pricewaterhouse Coopers”, SIA “Deloitte Latvia” and in both TWINO and 
FINNO Groups. Most recently he has been appointed as the Strategic Advisor of TWINO, 
where he assists in the development of strategic plans of the company.  
Mr Helvijs Henšelis holds a bachelor degree in finance and economics from Stockholm School 
of Economics in Riga. 
 
The shareholders’ meeting is the highest decision-making body of the Lender. Some of the main matters that are 
in the competence of the shareholders’ meeting are: (a) amendments to the Articles of Association; (b) increase 
or decrease of the share capital; (c) dividend approval; (d) election/dismissal of members of the Management 
Board; (e) approval of annual financial accounts and distribution of profit. 
7.3. BUSINESS 
The Lender has been established as a special purpose entity for the purpose of (a) granting and issuing business 
loans to the Loan Originator as well as other several other lending companies with which TWINO cooperates with; 
(b) servicing these business loans throughout their entire lifetime; and (c) assigning these business loans to the 
issuers for issuance of financial instruments on the Platform. The Lender does not undertake any business other 
than the granting and issuing, servicing and assigning business loans and other related transactions. The Lender 
has no direct or indirect subsidiaries, and it does not own any shares of equity.  
7.4. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
The financial reporting process of the Lender is overseen at TWINO Group level, to ensure the transparency and 
integrity of financial information and the effectiveness of the TWINO Group’s internal control and risk 
management system, including recommending the appointment and assessing the performance of the external 
auditor, and the effectiveness of the process for monitoring compliance with laws and regulations affecting 
financial reporting and code of business conduct.

--- Page 33 ---
32 
On the date of the Base Prospectus, audited financial statements of the Lender have not been drawn up and are 
not available as the Lender has been recently incorporated, has not commenced operations, and has not operated 
a full financial year. The financial statements of the Lender will be prepared in accordance with the Latvian 
Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP). The Lender will prepare its first statements in respect of the 
period ending 2022. The Lender does not publish interim financial statements nor does it have any subsidiaries 
so its accounts are non-consolidated. 
Since the date of the Lender’s incorporation, there has been no significant change in the financial statements of 
the SPF Finance and no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of the Lender. 
7.5. LEGAL AND ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS 
Since the date of the Lender’s incorporation, the Lender has not been involved in any litigation or arbitration 
proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Loan Originator is 
aware) which may have, or have had a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Loan 
Originator.

--- Page 34 ---
33 
8. THE LOAN ORIGINATOR 
8.1. INCORPORATION AND OWNERSHIP 
Hoang Kim Nhat Company Limited ("Loan Originator”), was incorporated and registered as a limited liability 
company with the registration number: 0315733498 on June 18, 2019 by the Department of Planning and 
Investment of Ho Chi Minh City. It is organised and operating pursuant to the laws of Vietnam and has been 
established for an indefinite period of time. The registered address and office of the Loan Originator is at: 549/66 
Xo Viet Nghe Tinh St, Ward 26, Binh Thanh District, HCMC, Vietnam. 
The Loan Originator’s authorised, issued and paid-up share capital is VND 200 000 000 divided into 200 000 000 
ordinary shares with a nominal value of VND 1 per share. Each share is entitled to one (1) vote. 100% of the shares 
of the Loan Originator are held by its sole shareholder Mr Tran Dinh Chuong, a citizen of Vietnam, who is the sole 
ultimate beneficial owner of the Loan Originator. 
8.2. GOVERNANCE 
The Loan Originator is managed by the management board and the shareholders’ meeting. The management 
board is the executive body of the Loan Originator, which manages and represents the Loan Originator. The 
management board is responsible for the commercial activities and accounting of the Loan Originator as well as 
administration of the Loan Originator property in compliance with the law. Members of the management board 
are elected by the Loan Originator’s sole shareholder. In accordance with the Articles of Association, the 
management board of the Issuer consists of: 
 
Title: 
member of the management board with the right to represent individually 
Full name: 
Mr Tran Dinh Chuong 
Education and 
experience:  
Mr Tran Dinh Chuong has previous professional experience in business management, 
holding such positions in the past as an Office Manager and Managing Director of 
companies in Vietnam.  
 
The shareholders’ meeting is the highest decision-making body of the Loan Originator. Some of the main matters 
that are in the competence of the shareholders’ meeting are: (a) amendments to the Articles of Association; (b) 
increase or decrease of the share capital; (c) dividend approval; (d) election/dismissal of members of the 
management board; (e) approval of annual financial accounts and distribution of profit. 
8.3. BUSINESS 
The Loan Originator issues consumer loans to private individuals, residents of Vietnam, in return of a pledge - 
personal belonging of the borrower, such as a mobile phone. The size of consumer loans that the company issues 
is maximum 15 million VND and their term range is 7-30 days. Considering that the consumer loans issued by the 
Loan Originator are not subject to the Base Prospectus and the Securities, they will not be described herein. 
8.4. THE AUTHORIZATION AGREEMENT 
The Authorization Agreement, concluded by and between the Loan Originator and the Loan Broker is governed 
by and construed in accordance with the laws of Vietnam. The agreement provides the framework under which 
the Loan Broker authorizes the Loan Originator to receive the fees from the Underlying Borrowers. Under the 
agreement, the Loan Broker shall hand over to the Loan Originator the information about the Underlying 
Borrowers, their payment obligations and all the necessary documentation.  
The Authorization Agreement sets the obligation of the Loan Originator to inform the Loan Broker about the 
progress of the Underlying Borrower’s obligations. Additionally, it the Loan Originator is obliged to transfer all the 
collections received from the Underlying Borrowers in accordance with the Borrowing Consulting Agreement to 
the Loan Broker. The first transfer due from the Loan Originator to the Loan Broker shall take place not later than 
when reached 1 500 000 000 VND.

--- Page 35 ---
34 
8.5. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
The financial statements of the Loan Originator are prepared in accordance with the Circular No. 133/2016/TT-
BTC, which provides instructions on accounting for small and medium enterprises (SME) in Vietnam. 
Considering that the Loan Originator (with 100% local-owned capital) does not fall into any of the cases subject 
to compulsory auditing, the financial statement of the Loan Originator is not required to be audited under the 
laws of Vietnam. Regarding the submission of the financial statement, like other ordinary enterprises, the Loan 
Originator shall submit its financial statement to the tax authorities directly managing local taxes under the laws 
of Vietnam. 
Pursuant to the Circular No. 39/2016/TT-NHNN, dated December 30, 2016, of the State Bank of Vietnam 
prescribing lending transactions of credit institutions and/or foreign bank branches with customers, based on the 
legal capital requirements for lending credit institutions, the Loan Originator is not considered a lending credit 
institution. As such, it is not subject to Anti-Money Laundering/Combating the Financing of Terrorism (AML/CTF) 
and Sanctions laws and regulations.  
Due to its size, the Loan Originator cooperates with the Loan Broker, which oversees the final offering of the 
issued consumer loans, as well as supervises operations of the Loan Originator. The Loan Originator is considered 
a lending partner of the Loan Broker. 
The financial statements of the Loan Originator are available for inspection on the Website: 
a. 
non-audited standalone financial statements of the Loan Originator for the financial year 2020; 
b. non-audited standalone financial statements of the Loan Originator for the financial year 2021.  
The selected standalone financial statements set forth below should be read in conjunction with the respective 
documents incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus. The tables below present the income statement 
and the balance sheet of the Loan Originator for the financial years ended 31 December 2020 and 2021,, as 
required by the applicable laws of financial statements of Vietnam. 
Figure 4 - Income Statement of the Loan Originator 
Income statement (VND) 
 
 
  
Actual 
Actual 
  
2021 
2020 
  
 
 
Revenue from sales of goods and rendering of services 
1 602 004 383 
373 031 301 
Deductions 
0 
0 
Net revenue from sales of goods and rendering of services 
1 602 004 383 
373 031 301 
Cost of goods sold 
(237 134 496) 
(113 400 000) 
Gross profit from sales of goods and rendering of services 
1 364 869 887 
259 631 301 
Financial income 
5 373 990 272 
66 585 834 
Financial expenses 
(8 323 966 779) 
(2 012 094 721) 
Business administration expenses 
(2 805 918 116) 
(899 393 418) 
Operating profit 
(4 391 024 736) 
(2 585 271 004) 
Other income 
- 
4 584 465 
Other expenses 
- 
(226 100) 
Profit from other activities 
- 
4 385 365 
Accounting profit before tax 
(4 391 024 736) 
(2 580 912 639) 
Current corporate income tax expense 
- 
- 
Net profit after corporate income tax 
(4 391 024 736) 
(2 580 912 639)

--- Page 36 ---
35 
Figure 5 - Balance Sheet of the Loan Originator 
Balance Sheet (VND)  
 
 
 
31/12/2021 
31/12/2020 
 
 
 
ASSETS 
91 814 553 452 
20 259 850 836 
Cash and cash equivalents 
47 433 539 
924 781 780 
Financial investments 
88 529 829 519 
18 277 259 194 
Held-to-maturity investments 
88 529 829 519 
18 277 259 194 
Receivables 
3 115 518 752 
1 009 358 850 
Receivables from customers 
871 376 369 
214 131 624 
Advances to suppliers 
- 
- 
Other receivables 
2 244 142 383 
795 227 226 
Other assets 
121 771 642 
48 451 012 
Value added tax deducted 
121 771 642 
48 451 012 
Other assets 
- 
- 
Total assets 
91 814 553 452 
20 259 850 836 
LIABILITIES 
98 702 941 539 
22 757 214 186 
Trade payables 
- 
- 
Other payables 
12 906 321 539 
4 127 049 186 
Short-term loans and finance lease liabilities 
85 796 620 000 
18 630 165 000 
EQUITY 
(6 888 388 087) 
(2 497 363 350) 
Owner’s invested capital 
200 000 000 
200 000 000 
Retained earnings 
(7 088 388 087) 
(2 697 363 350) 
Total liabilities and equity 
91 814 553 452 
20 259 850 836 
 
Although the gross profit of the Loan Originator has increased more than 5 times since the end of 2020, the net 
profit of the company has decreased by almost 60%. The main reason for such an adverse change is arising due 
to additional financial income and expenses, and the increase in the business administration expenses throughout 
the reporting year. Both financial income and expenses arise due to loans to other companies. The balance of the 
loan agreements was re-evaluated according to the EUR/VND exchange rates. As the value of EUR had decreased 
sharply in 2021, the loan payable balance had also increased.  
The balance sheet of the Loan Originator grew over 4 times during the reporting years. The main change arose 
due to an increase in held-to-maturity investments, which is the money distributed to the Underlying Borrowers 
for the loans issued. These are classified as held-to-maturity investments according to the Vietnamese accounting 
standards.  
Additionally, as the Loan Originator has issued more consumer loans, the receivables from the customers have 
also increased in accordance with it. To be able to provide the necessary financing, the Loan Originator has also 
borrowed more capital as short-term loans and finance lease. 
Despite the negative equity of the Loan Originator, the Issuer believes there are no going concern risks of the 
Loan Originator and considers it as being capable of providing its services further.  
8.6. LEGAL AND ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS 
Since the date of the Loan Originator’s incorporation, the Loan Originator has not been involved in any litigation 
or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Loan 
Originator is aware) which may have, or have had a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of 
the Loan Originator.

--- Page 37 ---
36 
9. THE LOAN BROKER 
9.1. INCORPORATION AND OWNERSHIP 
VIACONTO Company Limited ("Loan Broker”), was incorporated and registered as a limited liability company with 
the registration number: 0315687749. It is organised and operating pursuant to the laws of Vietnam and has been 
established for an indefinite period of time. The registered address and office of the Loan Broker is at: Floor 1, 
Petroland Building, No 12 Tan Trao Street, Tan Phu Ward, District 7, Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam. The Loan Broker 
is a 100% foreign owned company, operating under an Investment Certificate number 8778783357. 
The Loan Broker’s authorised, issued and paid-up share capital is VND 4’000’000’000 divided into 4’000’000’000 
ordinary shares with a nominal value of VND 1 per share. Each share is entitled to one (1) vote. The shareholders 
of the Loan Broker are (a) SIA FINNO Asia, incorporated and registered as a limited liability company in Latvia with 
the unified registration number: 40203387406, owning 50% of the Loan Broker’s share capital; and (b) AS VIA 
SMS Group, incorporated and registered as a joint stock company in Latvia with the unified registration number: 
40003901472, owning 50% of the Loan Broker’s share capital. The sole ultimate beneficial owners of the Loan 
Broker are (a) Mr Armands Broks and (b) Mr Gregorijs Krasovickis.  
9.2. GOVERNANCE 
The Loan Broker is managed by the management board and the shareholders’ meeting. The management board 
is the executive body of the Loan Broker, which manages and represents the Loan Broker. The management board 
is responsible for the commercial activities and accounting of the Loan Broker as well as administration of the 
Loan Broker property in compliance with the law. Members of the management board are elected by the Loan 
Broker’s shareholders. In accordance with the Articles of Association, the management board of the Loan Broker 
consists of: 
 
Title: 
chairman of the management board with the right to represent individually 
Full name: 
Ms Anastasija Oļeiņika  
Education and 
experience:  
Ms Anastasija Oļeiņika has a strong background in business, i.e., as her previous 
professional roles – most recently as the CEO of the TWINO Group, and the CFO, COO of 
the TWINO Group prior. Ms Anastasija Oļeiņika holds a bachelor’s degree in finance and 
economics. 
 
Title: 
member of the management board with the right to represent individually 
Full name: 
Mr Deniss Šerstjukovs 
Education and 
experience:  
Mr Deniss Šerstjukovs has an extensive background in business, taking several 
management and supervisory positions in the Loan Broker’s subsidiaries. Mr Deniss 
Šertsjukovs has over nine years of experience in consumer lending business development. 
 
Title: 
member of the management board with the right to represent individually 
Full name: 
Mr Le Anh Tuan 
Education and 
experience:  
Mr Le Anh Tuan is also the legal representative of the Loan Broker. He has an extensive 
previous background in finance and business management. 
 
The shareholders’ meeting is the highest decision-making body of the Loan Originator. Some of the main matters 
that are in the competence of the shareholders’ meeting are: (a) amendments to the Articles of Association; (b) 
increase or decrease of the share capital; (c) dividend approval; (d) election/dismissal of members of the 
management board; (e) approval of annual financial accounts and distribution of profit.

--- Page 38 ---
37 
9.3. BUSINESS 
The Loan Broker is a financial services company offering consumers, residents of Vietnam, alternative banking 
services using an online lending platform vamo.vn to connect borrowers and investors and facilitating loan 
processes. The Loan Broker does not act as an investor or lender, its principal business activities comprise of 
providing consulting services to the Underlying Borrowers, overseeing the operations of the Loan Originator, 
granting consumer loans, managing credit scoring and loan collection processes, as well supervising compliance 
of risk policies.  
In the legal relationship between the Loan Originator and the Loan Broker, the latter is considered the middleman 
between the Loan Originator and the Underlying Borrower. According to the laws of Vietnam, the Loan Broker 
can offer but cannot issue the Underlying Loans, therefore it has entered the cooperation with the Loan 
Originator, which provides funding of the Underlying Loans. The Loan Broker provides consulting services to the 
Underlying Borrowers, receiving consulting fee as a result. The Loan Broker oversees the operations of the Loan 
Originator, manages its credit scoring and loan collection processes, as well supervises compliance of risk policies. 
Based on the responsibilities of the Loan Broker, within the scope of the Base Prospectus, it constitutes as the 
entity in charge of the core elements of the Loan Originator’s lending business. 
9.3.1. The Borrowing Consulting Agreement 
The Borrowing Consulting Agreement is concluded by and between the Underlying Borrower and the Loan Broker, 
which sets forth the terms and conditions of the existing legal relationship between the Loan Broker and the 
Underlying Borrower. The Borrowing Consulting Agreement is governed and construed in accordance with the 
laws of Vietnam. 
Under the Borrowing Consulting Agreement, the Loan Broker is responsible for the introduction of the amount 
and term of the Underlying Loan, arranging the signing of the Underlying Borrower Loan Agreement between the 
Underlying Borrower and the Loan Broker, assisting the Underlying Borrower with all matters arising during the 
term of the Underlying Loan. The Underlying Borrower is required to pledge a personal belonging, such as a 
mobile phone, as a collateral for the Underlying Loan. 
For the services provided by the Loan Broker, the Loan broker receives a consulting fee, a prolongation fee in case 
of the extension of the maturity term of the Underlying Loan, and a support fee, which is charged in case of a 
delayed payments of the Underlying Loan by the Underlying Borrower. The consulting fee is based on the amount 
and tenor of the Underlying Loan and is calculated as follows: Loan amount x Loan tenor x 1.5%. The prolongation 
fee depends on the days of the extension and is calculated accordingly:  
a. if the term is prolonged up to seven (7) days: Loan amount x 19%; 
b. if the term is prolonged up to fourteen (14) days: Loan amount x 29%; 
c. 
if the term is prolonged up to thirty (30) days: Loan amount x 39%. 
9.3.2. The Underlying Loan application process 
The application for the Underlying Loan takes place on the online lending platform vamo.vn. (the “Lending 
Platform”). For new applicants, the process begins with a customer selecting a desired consumer loan amount 
and term and continues with a registration phase, where a customer fills out short information form about 
himself/herself. The Lending Platform ensures a simple registration process and fast processing of the information 
as the application of for the consumer loan is evaluated immediately and the customer is notified of the results 
via e-mail or phone within one business day.  
Repeated customers wishing to apply for a consumer loan must login into their account on the Lending Platform 
with the registered phone number and a password, select the desired consumer loan amount and term and make 
the request. Assessment of re-borrowers is prioritized and assessed faster.  
A customer wishing to apply for a consumer loan must be a citizen living and working in Vietnam, be in the age 
range from 20 to 60 years and have a stable job and income. The application process requires a valid ID or CCCD 
(Citizen Identity Card) to verify the identity of the applicant.  
The applicant may get an offer for an amount not corresponding to the initially requested amount. In such cases, 
customers must manually accept or decline the offer.

--- Page 39 ---
38 
As soon as the loan application is approved, the money is transferred to the borrower via a wire transfer to the 
bank account or a debit card. The customer can select the preferred transfer method during the registration 
process. The transfer shall take place within 2 hours after the approval of the loan.  
New customers can be approved for a loan of up to 4 million VND, whereas repeated customers can receive up 
to 15 million VND. The final applied limit depends on the income of the applicant. 
The customer can have only one active loan at a time. It is possible to apply for another loan only after fully 
repaying the previous one.  
The application for the loan may be rejected in case the applicant does not have sufficient income, have other 
outstanding loans, is late for repayments or other reasons that are not compliant with the internal policies of the 
Loan Broker. 
9.3.3. Term of the Underlying Loan 
The term of the individual loans can vary from 7 to 30 days. The repayment dates of the loan are visible to the 
Underlying Borrower upon logging in the Lending Platform.  
The client can repay the loan prior to its due date. In the event that the applicant cannot repay the loan within 
the set schedule, it is possible to extend the loan for additional 7, 14 or 30 days. The extension can occur for an 
unlimited amount of times. 
In case of late payments, the credit history and the future loan approval process of the customer will be impacted. 
There might be debt recovery measures, penalties and even lawsuits implemented in accordance with the 
regulations. 
9.4. REPAYMENT OF THE UNDERLYING LOAN 
The customer can repay the loan by the virtual account, using e-wallet, through a bank or through a postal 
network. It is also possible to make repayments in cash at a bank branch. 
9.5. PERSONAL DATA PROTECTION 
There is no single set of laws applicable to protection of personal data in Vietnam. Rules and regulations on 
personal data protection are found in several laws, such as Civil Code and the Law on Cyberinformation Security.   
The Loan Broker is responsible for and can demonstrate compliance with data protection key principles. The 
company has full awareness and understands the rights of the data subject and knows how to provide the 
opportunity for the data subject to exercise its respective rights. The Loan Broker has a policy which describes the 
general principles of the information collected by the company, as well as the processing aspect of the personal 
data.  
The company has taken appropriate organizational and technical measures to protect personal data from 
unauthorized access, unlawful disposition, disclosure, loss, modification or destruction. These measures include: 
a. 
physical and logical access control; 
b. secure and encrypted communication channels; 
c. 
encrypted storage for files and backups; 
d. storage of data in certified data centres; 
e. control access to the office; 
f. 
security training of its employees. 
The Loan Broker follows principles for collecting and processing of the personal data. These principles include: 
a. 
lawfulness, fairness and transparency principle - Data is processed in a lawful, fair and transparent 
manner; 
b. purpose limitation principle – data is collected for specified, explicit and legitimate purposes and is not 
further processed in a manner that is incompatible with those purposes; 
c. 
data minimization principle – data is collected as long as it is adequate, relevant and limited to what is 
necessary in relation to the purposes for which it is processed; 
d. accuracy principle – data is accurate and up to date, when necessary;

--- Page 40 ---
39 
e. storage limitation principle – data is kept in a form which permits identification of data subjects for no 
longer than it is necessary for the purpose for which the data is processed; 
f. 
integrity and confidentiality principle – data is processed in a manner that ensures appropriate security, 
including protection against unauthorized or unlawful processing.  
9.6. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
The financial statements of the Loan Broker are prepared in accordance with the Circular No. 133/2016/TT-BTC, 
which provides instructions on accounting for small and medium enterprises (SME) in Vietnam. The Loan Broker 
is also responsible for submitting the audited financial reports to the respective authorities. 
The financial information of the Loan Broker has been audited by AS Auditing Company, a company registered in 
Vietnam with registration No.: 0310996715, registered address: 63A Vo Van Tan Street, Ward 6, District 3, Ho Chi 
Minh City, Vietnam.  
The financial statements of the Loan Broker are available for inspection on the Website: 
c. 
audited financial statements of the Loan Broker for the financial year 2020, including emphasized 
matters; 
d. audited financial statements of the Loan Broker for the financial year 2021. 
The selected standalone financial statements set forth below should be read in conjunction with the respective 
documents incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus. The tables below present key selected standalone 
financial information – the income statement and the balance sheet – of the Loan Broker for the financial years 
ended 31 December 2020 and 2021. 
Figure 6 – Income statement of the Loan Broker 
Income statement (VND) 
 
 
  
Actual 
Actual 
  
2021 
2020 
  
 
 
Net revenue from sales of goods and rendering of services 
51 054 757 696 
7 488 049 077 
Cost of goods sold 
(2 935 555 763) 
(1 683 297 761) 
Gross profit from sales of goods and rendering of services 
48 119 201 933 
5 804 751 316 
Financial income 
567 971 122 
6 407 779 
Financial expenses 
(1 000 572 753) 
(1 467 285 445) 
Business administration expenses 
(34 975 622 581) 
(13 269 335 816) 
Operating profit 
12 710 977 721 
(8 925 462 166) 
Other income 
21 936 509 
460 514 
Other expenses 
(11 074 059) 
(25 495 913) 
Profit from other activities 
10 862 450 
(25 035 399) 
Accounting profit before tax 
12 721 840 171 
(8 950 497 565) 
Current corporate income tax expense 
(564 818 663) 
- 
Net profit after corporate income tax 
12 157 021 508 
(8 950 497 565) 
 
Figure 7 - Balance Sheet of the Loan Broker 
Balance Sheet (VND)  
 
 
  
31/12/2021 
31/12/2020 
 
 
 
ASSETS 
9 326 962 546 
8 663 282 971 
Cash and cash equivalents 
489 512 663 
4 711 245 622 
Financial investments 
173 299 668 
165 185 753 
Held-to-maturity investments 
173 299 668 
165 185 753 
Receivables 
8 447 695 940 
3 463 645 808

--- Page 41 ---
40 
Balance Sheet (VND)  
 
 
  
31/12/2021 
31/12/2020 
Short-term receivables from customers 
6 125 506 
- 
Advances to suppliers 
182 481 600 
- 
Other receivables 
8 259 088 834 
3 463 645 808 
Inventories 
- 
- 
Fixed assets 
18 406 250 
39 781 250 
Historical cost 
64 125 000 
64 125 000 
Accumulated depreciation 
(45 718 750) 
(24 343 750) 
Other assets 
198 048 025 
283 424 538 
Value added tax deducted 
- 
32 446 766 
Other assets 
198 048 025 
250 977 772 
Total assets 
9 326 962 546 
8 663 282 971 
LIABILITIES 
5 156 203 508 
16 649 545 441 
Taxes and amounts payables to State budget 
1 969 950 471 
283 235 185 
Payables to employees 
459 845 399 
38 245 719 
Other payables 
2 726 407 638 
968 844 537 
Short-term loans and finance lease liabilities 
- 
15 359 220 000 
EQUITY 
4 170 759 038 
(7 986 262 470) 
Owner’s invested capital 
2 020 372 000 
2 020 372 000 
Retained earnings 
2 150 387 038 
(10 006 634 470) 
Total liabilities and equity 
9 326 962 546 
8 663 282 971 
The main changes in the asset side of the balance sheet of the Loan Broker since the previous year is mainly 
comprising of the increased receivables during 2021. The largest portion of receivables are payments that are due 
from the Loan Originator, amounting to over 8 billion VND. It is expected that once the Loan Originator collects 
the consulting fees from its customers, the amount will be paid. 
The decrease of cash and cash equivalents are arising due to a discontinuation of an EUR bank account of the 
Loan Broker. All the cash and equivalents are held in VND accounts at multiple banks. The Loan Broker also 
possesses a term deposit, which is considered a financial investment. 
The Loan Broker has to pay taxes and other amounts to State budget, which consists of VAT on domestic service 
provision, personal income tax, profit tax, foreign contractor tax and other payables. The applicable domestic tax 
rate of the Loan Broker is 10%. The Loan Broker also declares and pays annual license tax following regulations. 
The Loan Broker’s auditor emphasizes the fact that the accumulated net loss of the Loan Broker for the year 
ended in December 31 2020 resulted in a negative equity of the company, and its liabilities were significantly 
higher than the total assets. The auditor explains that these conditions indicate the existence of uncertain factors 
that can make a substantial doubt about the possibility of continuing operations of the Loan Originator. There 
were no further emphasized matters of doubt mentioned in the audited financial statements of the year ended 
December 31 2021. 
The Loan Broker had short-term loans to related parties and organizations that it has now repaid and thus, 
decreased its liabilities in the year ended in December 31 2021. Additionally, the generation of profit from the 
operations has resulted in increased retained earnings and thus, positive equity side of the balance sheet. 
Since the date of the publishing of the audited financial statements, the Loan Broker’s owner’s invested capital 
has two-folded to VND 4 billion as a result of a Capital Contribution Agreement between the Loan Broker and AS 
FINNO Asia, where the latter gained a 50% stake in the Loan Broker’s company. There has been no other material 
adverse change in the financial position or prospects of the Loan Broker since the date of its last published audited 
financial statements.

--- Page 42 ---
41 
9.7. LEGAL AND ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS 
Since the date of the Loan Broker’s incorporation, the Loan Broker has not been involved in any litigation or 
arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Loan 
Broker is aware) which may have, or have had a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the 
Loan Broker.

--- Page 43 ---
42 
10. THE DISTRIBUTOR 
10.1. INCORPORATION AND OWNERSHIP 
AS TWINO Investments ("Distributor”), was incorporated and registered as a joint stock company (in Latvian – 
akciju sabiedriba) in the Commercial Register of Enterprises of Latvia on March 26, 2020 with the unified 
registration number: 44103143823. It is organised and operating pursuant to the laws of Latvia and has been 
established for an indefinite period of time. The Legal Entity Identifier ("LEI”) of the Distributor is 
984500856AF4DF5FAT57. The registered address and office of the Issuer is at: 42 Dzirnavu Street, Riga, LV-1010, 
Latvia and its telephone number is: +371 67 799 997. The Distributor’s sole shareholder and the ultimate 
beneficial owner is Mr Armands Broks. 
10.2. BUSINESS 
The Distributor is authorized as an investment firm by the FCMC on August 31, 2021 under the licence number: 
06.06.08.720/536 to provide the following investment services and ancillary services:  
a. portfolio management; 
b. placing of financial instruments without a firm commitment basis; 
c. holding of financial instruments; 
d. currency exchange services where these are related to the provision of investment services; 
e. execution of orders on behalf of clients; 
f. dealing on own account; 
g. services related to underwriting; 
h. reception and transmission of orders in relation to one or more financial instruments.

--- Page 44 ---
43 
11. CERTAIN NOTICES TO INVESTORS 
11.1. RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in, or incorporated by reference into, the Base 
Prospectus, in the following Sections of the Base Prospectus: 
a. 
general description of the Programme; 
b. risk factors related to the Issuer; 
c. 
risk factors related to the Securities and the trading market; 
d. the Assignment Agreement; 
e. further issues of the Securities; 
f. 
the legislation and jurisdiction in relation to the issuance of the Securities; 
g. 
terms and conditions of the Securities; 
h. the information contained in the relevant Final Terms for each Series of Securities issued under the 
Programme.  
 
The Issuer declares that, to the best of its knowledge, the information contained in, or incorporated by reference 
into, the Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and makes no omission likely to affect the import of such 
information. 
The Management Board of the Issuer consists of: 
Title: 
member of the management board 
 
Full name: 
Mr Helvijs Henšelis. 
The Lender accepts responsibility for the information contained in, or incorporated by reference into, the 
following Sections of the Base Prospectus. 
a. 
the Loan Agreement; 
b. the Guarantee Agreement; 
c. 
the Subordination Agreement; 
d. risk factors related to the Lender. 
The Lender declares that, to the best of its knowledge, the information contained in, or incorporated by reference 
into, the Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and makes no omission likely to affect the import of such 
information. 
The Loan Originator accepts responsibility for the information contained in, or incorporated by reference into, 
the following Sections of the Base Prospectus: 
a. 
risks related to the Loan Originator; 
b. the Underlying Borrower Loan Agreement; 
c. 
business review of the Loan Originator; 
d. organizational structure of the Loan Originator; 
e. financial information of the Loan Originator. 
The Loan Originator declares that, to the best of its knowledge, the information contained in, or incorporated by 
reference into, the Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and makes no omission likely to affect the 
import of such information. 
The Loan Broker accepts responsibility for the information contained in, or incorporated by reference into, the 
following Sections of the Base Prospectus: 
f. 
risks related to the Loan Broker; 
g. 
financial information of the Loan Broker. 
The Loan Broker declares that, to the best of its knowledge, the information contained in, or incorporated by 
reference into, the Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and makes no omission likely to affect the 
import of such information.

--- Page 45 ---
44 
No representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility is accepted by the 
Distributor as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in the Base Prospectus or any other 
information provided by the Issuer, the Loan Originator and/or the Loan Broker. The Distributor does not accept 
any liability in relation to the information contained in the Base Prospectus or any other information provided by 
the Issuer and/or the Loan Originator in connection with the Programme.  
11.2. NOTICE 
The Base Prospectus has been approved by the FCMC, as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. 
The FCMC only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. 
Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer that is the subject of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Securities.  
11.3. FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
The Base Prospectus contains forward-looking assumptions. All statements and assumptions other than 
statements of historical data included in this Base Prospectus are considered as forward-looking statements. Such 
statements contain known and unknown risks, uncertainty and other factors that could affect the actual results, 
performance or accomplishments, or the industry results to vary significantly from any potential outcomes, 
performance or accomplishments stated or suggested by such forward-looking statements. The forecasted events 
and developments mentioned in the Base Prospectus may not arise in view of the threats, uncertainties, and 
assumptions, thus, any forward-looking claims, while currently rational, may prove inaccurate.  
As the risk factors pointed in the Base Prospectus and other factors are likely to cause real outcomes or results to 
vary significantly from those provided in any forward-looking statements included in this Base Prospectus, 
investors should not settle any reliance on these forward-looking statements. Furthermore, any forward-looking 
statement shall apply solely to the date on which the Base Prospectus is published. The Issuer shall not attempt 
to amend or revise any forward-looking statement to represent occurrences or conditions beyond the date on 
which the statement is published or to reflect the occurrence of unexpected events.  
In the future, new factors will appear, and there is no possibility for the Issuer to foresee the occurrence of such. 
The Issuer cannot determine the impact of each factor on its company or business, or the degree to which any 
factor or combination of such can affect real outcomes and cause them to vary significantly from those specified 
in any forward-looking statement. Unless required by the laws and regulations, the Issuer does not accept the 
responsibility to amend such forward-looking statements or to conform them to potential occurrences or 
developments. 
11.4.  THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
Economic and industry data, market data and forecasts mentioned in the Base Prospectus were obtained from 
market research and industry publications. The data source is identified for every third-party information that has 
been used in this Base Prospectus. 
Where the information found in this Base Prospectus has been expressly described as being derived from third 
party records, the Issuer agrees that the information has been correctly replicated. The Issuer is conscious and 
can verify that no data have been removed from documents released by the third party that would make the 
replicated information unreliable or misleading. Although the Issuer has no evidence to suggest that any of this 
information is incorrect in any material respect, the Issuer has not independently checked the competitive 
situation, the scale of the competition, the development of the market or any other information supplied by third 
parties.by industry or other publications.

--- Page 46 ---
45 
11.5. FURTHER INFORMATION REGARDING THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
No person shall be entitled to provide any information or make any representations other than those contained 
in the Base Prospectus, and such information or representations shall not be relied on, if provided or made, as 
allowed by or on behalf of the Issuer. 
The delivery of the Base Prospectus shall not, under any circumstances, create any implication that: 
h. the information provided in the Base Prospectus is accurate at any point after the date, or after the date 
on which the Base Prospectus was most frequently revised or supplemented, or  
i. 
since the date of this Base Prospectus, or the date on which this Base Prospectus was most recently 
revised or updated, there has been no adverse shift in the affairs or financial condition of the Loan 
Originator and/or the Loan Broker, which is material in the sense of the Securities, or  
j. 
any other information given in relation with the issue of the Securities is accurate at any time after the 
date on which it is issued or, if different, the date specified in the document providing the same 
information, or as far as the Issuer has fulfilled its obligation to publish a supplement pursuant to Article 
23 of the Prospectus Regulation.  
The Securities are not appropriate for investors of all kinds. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other 
information provided in connection with the Securities should be regarded as a suggestion by the to acquire any 
Securities. 
11.6.  MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE 
According to the Distributor’s product acceptance procedure, the target market evaluation relating to the 
Securities led to the conclusion that the Target Market for the Securities is retail clients, professional clients and 
eligible counterparties, each as defined in MiFID II; and all channels for distribution of the Securities to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate.  
11.7. USE OF PROCEEDS AND INTERESTS OF PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE AND OFFER 
The Issuer is a special purpose entity incorporated and registered with the sole goal to facilitate the process of the 
issuance of the Securities. While the Issuer has established policies and procedures to mitigate any conflict of 
interest, it is not possible to fully avoid the possibility of such conflicts arising between the parties involved that 
could impact the interests of the Securityholder. 
Save for fees, if any, payable to the Distributor, and so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue 
of the Securities has a monetary interest material to the offer. The Distributor and its affiliates may in the future 
engage in investment brokerage transactions with and may perform other services for the Issuer and its affiliates 
in its ordinary course of business. 
The possibility of conflicts of interest between the different roles of the Distributor and other parties in the 
transaction, cannot be excluded. Given the investment activities of the Distributor, conflicts may arise between 
the interests of the Distributor acting in these capacities (including the business relationship with the Issuer with 
respect to the Securities or possession of non-public information in relation with the Securities) and those of the 
Securityholder. Finally, the activities of the Distributor with the Securities, on its proprietary account or behalf of 
its customers, may also have an impact on the price of these instruments and their liquidity and, thus, may conflict 
with the interests of the Securityholder.

--- Page 47 ---
46 
12. TAXATION 
Tax laws of the Securityholder’s country of residence and of the Issuer’s country of residence may differ and thus 
have an impact on the income that the Securityholder receives from the Securities. It is advised for the 
Securityholder to assess the tax liabilities arising from the acquisition, ownership and sale of the Securities. 
The following is a general summary of certain tax considerations in Latvia in relation to the Securities. It is not 
exhaustive and does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax consequences relating to the Securities, as 
well as does not take into account or discuss the tax implications of any country other than Latvia. The information 
provided in this section shall not be treated as legal or tax advice; prospective investors are advised to consult 
their own tax advisors as to the tax consequences of the subscription, ownership and disposal of the Securities 
applicable to their particular circumstances. 
This summary is based on the laws of Latvia as in force on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any 
change in law that may take effect after such date, provided that such changes could apply also retroactively. 
Latvia has entered into a number of tax conventions on elimination of the double taxation (“DTT”), which may 
provide more favourable taxation regime. Therefore, if there is a valid tax convention with the country of a non-
resident prospective investor, it should be also examined. The procedures for application of tax conventions are 
provided in the Republic of Latvia Cabinet of Ministers’ Regulations No. 178 “Procedures for Application of Tax 
Relief Determined in International Agreements for Prevention of Double Taxation and Tax Evasion” of 30 April 
2001. 
12.1. TAXATION OF THE SECURITYHOLDER (INDIVIDUALS) 
12.1.1. Resident Individuals 
An individual will be considered as a resident of Latvia for taxation purposes, if: 
a. the individual’s declared place of residence is in Latvia; or 
b. the individual stays in Latvia 183 days or more within any 12-month period, starting or ending in the 
taxation year; or 
c. 
the individual is a citizen of Latvia employed abroad by the government of Latvia. 
In accordance with the Law on Personal Income Tax the income from capital, including interest, as well as income 
from capital gains is subject to a fixed personal income tax (“PIT”) rate of 20%. 
As a result, the Interest income from the Securities for resident individuals will be subject to 20 % PIT that will be 
withheld by the Issuer before the Interest payment is made by the Issuer to the Securityholder. For the avoidance 
of doubt, for the purposes of the application of the PIT, the payment of Interest is made each time when the 
Issuer pays the Interest to the Securityholder's investment account held with the Distributor irrespective of 
whether the Securityholder withdraws the respective amount or re-invests it further. The Issuer shall: 
a. inform the State Revenue Service about the amount of Interest paid and the PIT withheld (with respect to 
the Interest payments to the Securityholder) no later than the 15th date of the next calendar month 
following the Interest payment date; 
b. withhold and pay the PIT (with respect to the Interest payments to the Securityholder) to the State 
Revenue Service no later than the 23rd date of the next calendar month following the Interest payment 
date. 
The capital gains from the sale of the Securities will be subject to 20% tax, but the tax would be payable by the 
individual him/herself. 
12.1.2. Non-resident individuals 
An individual will be considered as a non-resident of Latvia for taxation purposes in all cases unless he/she is a tax 
resident of Latvia. The taxation of non-resident individuals shall be the same as resident individuals.  
In addition, non-resident individuals, who are the residents of a country with whom Latvia has entered a DTT 
(which is in force at the moment of the payment of the Interest) shall be able to apply the reduced rate according 
to the DTT, if they have submitted their residence certificate to the Issuer, which is compliant with the regulatory

--- Page 48 ---
47 
requirements of Latvia. The Issuer shall have the right to request the Securityholder's to submit an updated 
certificate of residence if it is required for the purpose of the application of the reduced PIT rate.  
12.2. TAXATION OF THE SECURITYHOLDER (LEGAL ENTITY) 
12.2.1. Resident entities 
A legal entity will be considered as a resident of Latvia for tax purposes if it is or should have been established and 
registered in Latvia in accordance with the laws of Latvia. This also include permanent establishments of foreign 
entities in Latvia. 
Interest payments on the Securities and proceeds from the disposal of the Securities received by Latvian resident 
companies will not be subject to withholding tax in Latvia. Under the Corporate Income Tax Law retained earnings 
are exempt from corporate income tax and only distributions are taxed. Corporate income tax rate on gross profit 
distribution is 20%. Corporate income tax on net amount of profit distribution is determined by dividing net 
amount with a coefficient of 0.8 and applying a 20% rate (i.e., effective tax rate on net distributed profit is 25%). 
12.2.2. Non-resident entities 
An entity will be considered as a non-resident of Latvia for taxation purposes in all cases unless it is a tax resident 
of Latvia. 
In accordance with the Corporate Income Tax Law the interest income and capital gains from the sale of the 
Securities for non-resident entities will not be taxable in Latvia. 
12.3. TAXATION OF RESIDENTS OF LOW OR NO TAX JURISDICTIONS 
In general, payments (including interest payments) to non-residents located, registered or incorporated in a no-
tax or low-tax country or territory as defined in the Regulations of the Cabinet of Ministers No.819 “Regulations 
on Low Tax or No Tax Countries and Territories” of 17 December 2020 are subject to withholding tax of 20% if the 
payer is a Latvian legal entity having obligation to withhold tax.

--- Page 49 ---
48 
13. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
Under the Programme described in the Base Prospectus, the Issuer may periodically issue the Securities on the t 
Terms and Conditions of the Securities set out herein (“Terms and Conditions of the Securities”), as completed by 
Final Terms. The relevant final terms of any Series of the Securities are set out in the Final Terms which complete 
these Terms and Conditions of the Securities. References to the “relevant Final Terms” are to the Final Terms (or 
the relevant provisions thereof). 
13.1. GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE SECURITIES 
13.1.1. Parties: 
Issuer:  
SIA TWINO Investments Vietnam, incorporated and registered as a limited liability 
company (in Latvian – sabiedrība ar ierobežotu atbildību) in the Commercial Register 
of Enterprises of Latvia on February 15, 2022 with the unified registration 
number: 40203380037. It is organised and operating pursuant to the laws of Latvia 
and has been established for an indefinite period of time. The LEI of the Issuer is 
9845001E8B5BB4783E93. The registered address and office of the Issuer is at: 
42 Dzirnavu Street, Riga, LV-1010, Latvia and its telephone number is: +371 67 
799 997.  
Distributor: 
AS TWINO Investments, was incorporated and registered as a joint stock company (in 
Latvian – akciju sabiedriba) in the Commercial Register of Enterprises of Latvia on 
March 26, 2020 with the unified registration number: 44103143823. It is organised 
and operating pursuant to the laws of Latvia and has been established for an indefinite 
period of time. The registered address and office of the Issuer is at: 42 Dzirnavu Street, 
Riga, LV-1010, Latvia and its telephone number is: +371 67 799 997. 
The Distributor is authorized as an investment firm by the FCMC on August 31, 2021 
under the licence number: 06.06.08.720/536 to provide the following investment 
services and ancillary services. 
13.1.2. The Loan Receivables: 
Maturity term of the 
Loan: 
the term, which is set out to the Loan Originator for the repayment of the Loan in 
accordance with the Loan Agreement; 
Repayment Schedule: 
the repayment schedule for the repayment of the outstanding principal amount of the 
Loan (both principal, interest, default interest, penalties, and other fees, if applicable), 
which is an integral part of the Loan Agreement and sets out the amounts and dates 
of the payments. The moment the Lender has prepared a new version of the 
repayment schedule, the previous repayment schedule loses its validity. The principal 
shall be payable in a bullet payment at the maturity of the Loan. The Interest on the 
Loan shall be accrued and paid periodically according to the Repayment Schedule; 
Interest on the Loan: 
the remuneration that the Loan Originator shall pay to the Lender for the use of the 
Loan. The Interest on the Loan shall be calculated from the unpaid principal amount of 
the Loan, and the Loan Originator shall pay it in accordance with the Loan Agreement 
and the Repayment Schedule; 
Extension of the Loan: 
the Loan Originator has the right to extend the Loan for a maximum of 4 (four) times 
for a 3 (three)-month period (in total for 12 (twelve) months) unless a shorter period 
is defined in the Loan Agreement.

--- Page 50 ---
49 
13.1.3. The Underlying Portfolio: 
Limitations of the usage 
of the Underlying 
Borrower's personal data 
the Underlying Borrower will not be informed of the specifics involving the 
transactions related to the issuing of and investing in Securities. The Securityholder 
shall not request from the Distributor or any other involved parties any additional 
information about the Underlying Borrower and his or her personal data. The 
Securityholder shall in no way contact or meet the Underlying Borrower in connection 
with the Underlying Agreement in the context of their investment in Securities; 
Maturity term of the 
Underlying Loan 
the term, which is set out to the Underlying Borrower for the repayment of the 
Underlying Loan in accordance with the Underlying Loan Agreement; 
Commission 
the remuneration that the Underlying Borrower pays to the Loan Broker for the usage 
of the Loan. The commission shall be calculated from the unpaid principal amount of 
the Underlying Loan, and the Underlying Borrower shall pay it in accordance with the 
terms and conditions of the Underlying Loan Agreement; 
Activities with the 
Underlying Portfolio 
the Loan Originator has the right to: 
a. 
amend and/or to enter in supplemental agreements to the Underlying Loan 
Agreement without coordinating it with the Lender, the Issuer, the 
Securityholder or any other party, including, at discretion, extending maturity 
term of the Underlying Loan; 
b. manage the Underlying Loans in all aspects and to take all actions required 
relating to the repayment of the Underlying Loan and fulfilment of the 
Underlying Agreement until it is repaid in full. 
The Loan Originator shall act with the utmost care and in a way ensuring the 
representation and protection of the interests of the Lender, the Issuer and the 
Securityholder;  
The Loan Originator’s 
representations: 
The Loan Originator: 
a. 
has not alienated, pledged to third parties or otherwise encumbered the 
Underlying Portfolio; 
b. is not responsible for the delay of the due date set out in the Underlying 
Agreement by the Underlying Borrower; 
c. 
shall not be liable to the Lender nor to any other third party in the event the 
Underlying Borrower fails to complete the Underlying Agreement in full or any 
part thereof.  
13.1.4. Website 
Availability of Securities: 
securities are available for purchase for interested parties only over the counter via 
the Website, where the potential investors wishing to invest in Securities or to get 
acquainted with the information about Securities, may register and create a user 
profile. Potential investors need to comply with the Distributor`s terms and conditions 
to be able to invest in the Securities. Investment procedure for the Securities is 
described in a Client Agreement that shall be concluded by and between the 
Distributor and the potential investor; 
Securityholder’s Profile:  
operational platform that is accessible through the Website and becomes available to 
the Securityholder after the registration on the Website. The Securityholder must use 
an authentication procedure defined and set by the Distributor to access the 
Securityholder’s Profile via the Platform.  
13.1.5. Securities 
Securities or Security:  
financial instruments – asset-backed securities, issued by the Issuer and backed by the 
Loan Receivables. A Security refers to an investment into the Loan Receivables;

--- Page 51 ---
50 
Investment in Securities:  
a Securityholder can invest in one or several Securities by purchasing them at Issue 
Price. The payments to the Securityholder are distributed proportionally to their 
respective share of the Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Series; 
Series: 
the Securities will be issued periodically in several Series having different issue dates. 
Each Series shall have a unique ISIN number, its own Final Terms and be linked to a 
specific Loan Receivable;  
Activities with the Loan 
Receivables: 
subject to the Lender’s written approval, the Loan Originator has the right to extend 
the repayment of the Loan for a maximum of four (4) times for a three (3)-months 
period each (in total for 12 (twelve) months) without a prior consent of the Issuer, the 
Distributor or any other party. The said extensions shall extend the Maturity of the 
Securities that are backed by the corresponding Loan Receivables accordingly;  
The Lender’s 
representations: 
the Lender: 
a. 
has not alienated, pledged to third parties or otherwise encumbered the Loan 
Receivables; 
b. is not responsible for the delay of the due date set out in the Loan Agreement 
by the Loan Originator; 
c. 
shall not be liable to the Issuer nor to any other third party in the event the 
Loan Originator fails to complete the Loan Agreement in full or any part 
thereof.  
Redemption Rights: 
the Issuer is entitled to redeem the Securities from the Securityholder at any point in 
time at Early Redemption Amount. In such case the Distributor shall indicate this 
information in the Securityholder's Profile. 
13.2. CONSENT OF THE SECURITYHOLDER 
The Securityholder has notice of, and has accepted, the terms and conditions of the Base Prospectus, the Final 
Terms and the Assignment Agreement. It is hereby expressly provided that, and the Securityholder is deemed to 
have accepted that: 
a. 
the Issuer makes no representation or warranty in respect of, or shall at any time have no responsibility 
for liability or obligation in respect of the performance and observance by the Loan Originator of its 
obligations with respect to the Loan Receivables under the Assignment Agreement or the recoverability of 
any sum of principal or interest (or any additional amounts) due from the Loan Originator under the 
Assignment Agreement; 
b. the Issuer shall not at any time have any responsibility for, or obligation or liability in respect of the 
condition (financial or otherwise), creditworthiness, affairs, status, nature or prospects of the Loan 
Originator; 
c. 
the Issuer shall not at any time be liable for any representation or warranty or any act, default or omission 
of the Loan Originator with respect to the Loan Receivables under or in respect of the Assignment 
Agreement; 
d. the financial servicing and performance of the terms and conditions of the Securities depend solely upon 
performance by the Loan Originator of its obligations with respect to the Loan Receivables under the Loan 
Agreement and the Assignment Agreement respectively and its covenant to make payments with respect 
to the Loan Receivables under the Loan Agreement and the Assignment Agreement respectively and its 
credit and financial standing. The Loan Originator has represented and warranted to the Issuer that the 
Loan Receivables constitute a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Loan Originator; 
e. the Issuer shall be entitled to rely on documents signed by the authorized persons of the Loan Originator 
(and, where applicable, certification by third parties) as a means of monitoring whether the Loan 
Originator is complying with its obligations with respect to the Loan Receivables under the Assignment 
Agreement and shall not otherwise be responsible for investigating any aspect of the Loan Originator’s 
performance in relation thereto;

--- Page 52 ---
51 
f. 
the Issuer shall not be required to risk its own funds or otherwise incur any financial liability in the 
performance of its obligations or duties or the exercise of any right, authority or discretion pursuant to 
terms and conditions set out in the Base Prospectus until it has received from the Loan Originator the 
funds or adequate insurance against, and/or security and/or prefunding that are necessary to cover the 
costs in connection with such performance or exercise, or has been (in its sole discretion) sufficiently 
assured that it will receive such funds; 
g. 
the Issuer will not be liable for any shortfall in respect of amounts payable by or resulting from any 
withholding or deduction or for any payment on account of tax or duties required to be made by the 
Issuer on or in relation to any sum received by it with respect to the Loan Receivables under the 
Assignment Agreement which may affect payments made by the Loan Originator with respect to the Loan 
Receivables under the Assignment Agreement, save to the extent that it has received additional amounts 
with respect to the Loan Receivables under the Assignment Agreement in respect of such withholding or 
deduction or payment. The Issuer shall, furthermore, not be obliged to take any actions or measures as 
regards such deduction or withholding or payment, other than those set out in the Assignment 
Agreement. 
The obligations of the Issuer in respect of the Securities rank pari passu without any preference among 
themselves, as well as with respect to all general, direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer and without any preference among themselves and at least pari passu with any present 
or future obligation. 
No proprietary or other direct interest in the Issuer’s right under or in respect of the Assignment Agreement and 
the corresponding Loan Receivables exists for the benefit of the Securityholder. No Securityholder will have any 
entitlement to enforce the Assignment Agreement or direct recourse to the Loan Originator except through action 
by the Distributor pursuant to the relevant authority granted to the Distributor in the Client Agreement. The Issuer 
shall not be required to take any step, action or proceedings to enforce payment with respect to the Loan 
Receivables under the Assignment Agreement unless it has been indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded 
by the Securityholder to its satisfaction. 
The obligations of the Issuer under the Securities shall be solely to make payments of amounts in aggregate 
equivalent to each sum received by or for the account of the Issuer1 from the Loan Originator in respect of 
principal, interest or any other amounts relating to the Loan Receivables. Accordingly, all payments to be made 
by the Issuer under the Securities will be made only from and to the extent of such sums received or recovered 
by or on behalf of the Issuer. The Securityholder shall look solely to such sums for payments to be made by the 
Issuer under the Securities as the obligation of the Issuer to make payments in respect of the Securities will be 
limited to such sums. The Securityholder will have no further recourse to the Issuer or any of the Issuer’s other 
assets (including the Issuer’s rights with respect to any Loan Receivables relating to any other Series of Securities) 
in respect thereof. In the event that the amount due and payable by the Issuer under the Securities exceeds the 
sums received or recovered, the right of any person to claim payment of any amount exceeding such sums shall 
be extinguished, and the Securityholder may take no further action to recover such amounts. 
The Securityholder must therefore rely solely and exclusively upon the covenant to pay under the Assignment 
Agreement and the credit and financial standing of the Loan Originator, and no other assets of the Issuer will be 
available to the Securityholder. 
13.3. PURPOSE OF THE ISSUE OF THE SECURITIES 
The sole purpose of the issue of the Securities is to fund the acquisition of the Loan Receivables. The Securities 
constitute the obligation of the Issuer to apply the proceeds from the issue of the Securities solely for financing 
the acquisition and to account to the Securityholder for an amount equivalent to sums of principal, interest and 
additional amounts (if any) actually received by or for the account of the Issuer in accordance with the Assignment 
Agreement. 
 
1 After the deduction or withholding of such taxes or duties as may be required to be made by the Issuer by law in respect of such sum or in 
respect of the Securities.

--- Page 53 ---
52 
13.4. THE LOAN RECEIVABLES 
The Securities shall be secured by the Loan Receivables payable by the Loan Originator. Prior to the issuance of 
each Series of Securities the Issuer shall purchase the Loan Receivables, which represent the claim rights towards 
the Loan Originator for the repayment of the Loan in such amount that fully corresponds to the amount of the 
Securities that are to be issued within the particular Series of Securities.  
The Loan Receivables shall serve as the assets that are backing the Securities. The Loan Originator shall never 
borrow more than 95% of the outstanding amount of the value of the Underlying Portfolio. As a result, at least 
5% of the Underlying Portfolio shall be financed using its own funds. This is done to ensure that the Loan 
Originator’s interests are aligned with the interests of the Securityholder.  
The Loan Receivables are governed by the laws of Latvia and any disputes arising in relation to Loan Receivables 
shall be settled exclusively by the courts of Latvia in accordance with laws of Latvia. 
13.4.1. Securities backed by Loan Receivables 
All Securities that are linked to a certain Loan Receivable are equal and have the same ISIN, cash flow, Nominal 
Value, Maturity Date as well as other characteristics and are replaceable between each other. If two or more 
Securityholders have purchased Securities that are linked to the same Loan Receivables, all of them shall receive 
the same cash flows proportional to their share (proportion) of the number of the Securities purchased, because 
each Security represents a relatively small portion of the Loan Receivables. As a result, the Securities are linked 
to individual Loan Receivables.  
13.4.2. Link between the Security and the corresponding Loan Receivables 
Certain characteristics and behaviour of the Securities like start date and end date, as well as cash flows shall be 
linked to the Loan Receivables. If the Loan Receivables are repaid in full or in part, the same is done by the Issuer 
with respect to the Securities that are linked to the corresponding Loan Receivables. The same applies to a delay 
of the repayment of the Securities. If the repayments of the Loan Receivables are delayed or extended, then a 
corresponding delay or extension of the repayment of the Securities takes place. 
13.5. TYPE, CLASS, FORM, DENOMINATION, REGISTER, TITLE AND TRANSFERS 
13.5.1. Type and class 
The Securities are asset-backed debt securities and are not divided into classes. 
13.5.2. Form 
The Securities will be unlisted and traded over the counter by AS TWINO Investments (as the Distributor) on the 
Website and issued in registered and book-entry form. The register of transactions is kept by the Distributor. 
13.5.3. Denomination 
The aggregate amount of the Securities issued within the scope of this Base Prospectus shall not exceed 
EUR 10 000 000 at any given time. The Securities shall be issued and sold to the Securityholder at the Issue Price 
that is equal to the Nominal Value, which is EUR 1.00, unless stated otherwise in the Final Terms. A single Security 
cannot be split among several Securityholders and can be owned by a single Securityholder only and, thus, the 
minimum amount to invest is EUR 1.00. There are no limitations on the amount and numbers of the Securities 
that a single Securityholder can have.  
13.5.4. Register 
The Distributor shall record in the names and addresses of the holders of the Securities, particulars of the 
Securities and all transfers and redemptions thereof in its records. In these Conditions, the “holder” of a Security 
means the person in whose name such Security is for the time being registered in the relevant Register (or, in the 
case of a joint holding, the first named thereof) and “Securityholder” shall be construed accordingly.

--- Page 54 ---
53 
13.5.5. Title 
The Securityholder shall (except as otherwise required by law) be treated as the absolute owner of such Security 
for all purposes. A transfer of the Securities shall be executed without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer, but 
upon payment by the relevant Securityholder of any tax or other governmental charges which may be imposed 
in relation to it.  
13.5.6. Transfers 
The Securities may be transferred among different Securityholders on the Platform after their Issue Date. Such 
sale of Securities shall be executed based on a bulletin board principle, where selling interests of the 
Securityholder are published. The orders of the Securityholder are not matched by the Distributor.  
13.6. INTEREST RATE 
The Interest rate of the Security shall be fixed and independent from the interest rates of the Loan Receivables 
and shall be defined within the relevant Final Terms. Each Security bears an Annual Interest Rate (as defined in 
the Final Terms) on its outstanding principal amount, which may differ from, but not be higher than the annual 
interest rate of the relevant Loan Receivables. The Interest on the Securities is paid by the Issuer to the 
Securityholder in the following events (the “Interest Payment Date”): 
a. according to Schedule (scheduled amounts); 
b. in case of early repayment (proportionate to the repaid amount); 
c. 
in case of Underlying Loan is closed (full repayment). 
The payment dates of interest to the Securityholder are structured in a way to mirror the scheduled interest of 
the Loan Receivables to which the particular Security is linked to. Early partial and early full repayment of the 
principal of the Loan Receivables can trigger a corresponding repayment of the Interest on the Securities. 
13.6.1. Interest payment dates 
With respect to business days no adjustments are made. Cash flows that fall on holidays are assumed to be 
distributed on the actual date. 
Up-to date individual payment schedules of the Loan Receivables are available on the Securityholder’s profiles on 
the Website. 
13.6.2. Accrual of Interest and calculations 
Interest shall accrue on the unpaid principal amount of the Security up to, and including, the due date for 
redemption in the manner provided in the Final Terms of the particular Security. 
13.7. MATURITY AND REDEMPTION 
13.7.1. Maturity 
The maturity dates (as defined in the Final Terms) of the Securities are structured in a way to match the maturity 
of the Loan Receivables to which the Security is linked to ensure that the Securities mirror the behaviour of the 
Loan Receivables.  
The maturity of the Loan Receivables can change over time, if the Loan Originator uses the option to extend the 
Loan. As a result, the term of the Securities might change over time. 
13.7.2. Scheduled Redemption 
The repayment of the Securities shall be made subject to the repayment of the relevant Loan Receivables to which 
the Securities are linked to. Whenever the Issuer receives a scheduled repayment of the principal of any of the 
Loan Receivables, the amount shall be distributed equally among all the Securities backed by the corresponding 
Loan Receivables.

--- Page 55 ---
54 
13.7.3. Early Mandatory Redemption 
The Security part related to the Loan shall be repaid in full or in part (as might be the case), if (i) the Loan 
Receivables cease to exist, (ii) an early full or partial repayment is made by the Loan Originator. 
13.7.4. Early Voluntary Redemption 
The Issuer may redeem all or some of the outstanding Securities in full or in part before the Maturity Date at the 
Early Redemption Amount. The Issuer must not give a notice to the Securityholder. 
13.7.5. Redemption at the option of the Securityholder 
Redemption at the option of the Securityholder is not applicable. 
13.8. PAYMENTS AND CASH FLOWS 
The uninvested amounts of the investors shall be held in a separate bank account of the Distributor. Upon the 
sale of the Security, the relevant amount of the funds of the investor shall be transferred to the Issuer or to the 
person indicated by the Issuer, in particular to the Lender as the Issuer is obliged to transfer the funds to the 
Lender as per the Assignment Agreement. The Lender then shall use the funds to distribute the Loan to the Loan 
Originator.  
Payments in respect of the repayment of the Securities shall be made only in such amounts that are equivalent 
to the sums actually paid by the Loan Originator by way of principal or additional amounts to the Loan Receivables, 
and will be made pro-rata among all the Securityholders, on the date of, and in the currency of, and subject to 
the conditions attaching to, the corresponding repayment by the Loan Originator in accordance with the Loan 
Agreement and the Assignment Agreement. If the Loan Originator fails to make the payment, the Issuer shall not 
be obliged to make a corresponding repayment of the Securities until it has received the funds from the Loan 
Originator. 
The Issuer shall not be liable to make any payment in respect of the Securities other than as expressly provided 
herein. The Issuer shall not be under any obligation to exercise in favour of the Securityholder any rights of set-
off or of banker’s lien or to combine accounts or counterclaim that may arise out of other transactions between 
the Issuer, the Loan Originator and the Underlying Borrower or any affiliate. 
the Distributor shall also act as an intermediary by and between the Issuer, the Lender and the Loan Originator in 
accordance with to the instructions given under the Transaction Documents. The Distributor is authorized by the 
Issuer to make payments on its behalf to the Issuer by making: 
a. corresponding outgoing payments, immediately, but no later than within three (3) business days after the 
day of receiving the incoming funds from the Securityholders (unless agreed otherwise by the parties), to 
the Lender; and 
b. corresponding outgoing payments, immediately, but no later than within three (3) business days after the 
day of receiving the incoming funds from the Issuer (unless agreed otherwise by the parties), to the 
Securityholders. 
When managing the cash flow and executing the transfers between the involved parties, the Distributor shall 
observe the following: 
a. funds from the investors shall be collected prior the purchase of the Securities; 
b. the Issue Price shall be transferred by the Distributor to the Issuer only after the Securities are issued to 
the Securityholders; 
c. the Assignment Price shall be transferred by the Distributor to the Lender only after the Issue Price is 
received by the Issuer; 
d. the Securities shall be repaid by the Distributor to the Securityholders only after the Loan Receivables are 
received by the Issuer. 
13.8.1. Currency 
Securities shall be issued and all payments on the Securities shall be made by the Issuer in EUR.

--- Page 56 ---
55 
13.8.2. Payments 
All payments on the Securities shall be made by the Issuer to the Securityholder by way of a bank transfer from 
the Issuer to the Distributor, who maintains separate client account for each Securityholder and the Register and 
holds the funds on behalf of the Securityholder. No direct payments between the Issuer and the Securityholder's 
shall take place. 
13.8.3. Issuer’s Obligations arising from the Securities 
In each case where amounts of principal, interest and additional amounts (if any) are stated to be payable in 
respect of a Series of Securities, the Issuer has an obligation to make any such payment to the Securityholder only 
if and in such amount as the corresponding payment has been received and retained (net of tax and all other 
deductions whatsoever) by the Issuer from the Loan Receivables. The Issuer will have no other financial obligation 
under the Securities. 
Except as set forth herein, payments in respect of the Securities will be made without any deduction or 
withholding for, or on account of, the taxes of any relevant jurisdiction, except as required by the laws of Latvia 
(see Section 12 “TAXATION” herein). 
13.9. SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
13.9.1. Subscription 
The Distributor maintains the Platform for: 
a. 
the Issuer to offer and sell the Securities to the Securityholder in accordance with the Distribution 
Agreement; and 
b. the Securityholders to purchase, hold and sell the Securities on the Platform to other Securityholders in 
accordance with the Client Agreement.  
The investors can subscribe to a specific Series until it is fully subscribed (i.e., the subscriptions have reached the 
Aggregate Nominal Value) by reserving the desired amount of the Securities on the Platform. At this point the 
investor’s funds shall be reserved (in full amount with respect to the reserved amount) by the Distributor until 
the Securities are issued and the funds released to the Issuer. Any transfer of funds between the parties shall take 
place by way of a bank transfer. 
The subscription period for each Series is set for the same calendar date when it becomes available for 
subscription. However, if the Series are not fully subscribed during this calendar day, then only the subscribed 
part is issued to the investors at 00:00:01 GMT+2 (during standard time) of the next calendar day. The remaining 
amount of the Aggregate Nominal Value remains available at the next calendar day and this cycle continues until 
the specific Series are fully subscribed. The results of the offer (including the amount of the Securities allotted) 
shall be made available to the investors in their accounts on the Platform after the end of the subscription period. 
No dealing may begin before notification is made. 
Once an investor has subscribed to a specific amount of the Securities, the available cash balance of the investor 
is automatically reduced, and there is no possibility for the investor to decrease the subscription amount.  
The Distributor or the Issuer can at any time reduce or cancel the subscription to the Series without coordinating 
it with the investors of the Distributor or the Securityholders. In this case the investors of the Distributor or the 
Securityholder are refunded in the full amount paid for the Securities. 
Subject to the terms and conditions contained in the Distribution Agreement between the Issuer and the 
Distributor, the Securities will be periodically offered by the Issuer to the investors on the Platform. Any 
agreement for the sale of Securities will, inter alia, make provision for: 
a. the form and terms and conditions of the relevant Securities; 
b. whether the placement of the Securities is available only over-the-counter on the Website; 
c. 
the price at which such Securities will be offered by the Distributor; 
d. the commissions or other agreed deductibles (if any) which are payable or allowable by the Issuer in 
respect of such subscription and;

--- Page 57 ---
56 
e. the form of any indemnity to the Distributor against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and 
sale of the relevant Securities. 
The Securities may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale 
on the Platform. The Issuer and the Loan Originator have agreed to indemnify the Distributor against certain 
losses, as set out in the Distribution Agreement. The Distribution Agreement entitles the Distributor to terminate 
any agreement that they make to subscribe for the Securities in certain circumstances prior to payment for such 
Securities being made to the Issuer. There are no pre-emption rights linked to the Series and the Securities. 
13.9.2. Role and Liability of the Distributor 
The Client Agreement contains provisions for the indemnification of the Distributor and for its relief from 
responsibility in certain circumstances, including provisions relieving it from taking proceedings to enforce 
payment unless indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction, and to be paid its costs and 
expenses in priority to the claims of the Securityholder. In addition, the Distributor is entitled to enter into 
business transactions with the Issuer, the Loan Originator and any entity relating to the Issuer, the Loan Originator 
without accounting for any profit and obtaining any consent from the Securityholder. 
The Distributor shall have regard to the general interests of the Securityholder as a class but shall not have regard 
to any interests arising from circumstances particular to individual Securityholder. Further, the Distributor shall 
not have regard to the consequences of any such exercise for individual Securityholders resulting from their being 
for any purpose domiciled or resident in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any 
particular territory or any political sub-division thereof. The Distributor shall not be entitled to require, nor shall 
any Securityholder be entitled to claim, from the Issuer, the Distributor or any other person any indemnification 
or payment in respect of any tax consequence of any such exercise upon individual Securityholders except to the 
extent already provided for in this Base Prospectus. 
13.9.3. Fees 
The Distributor shall receive a fee for its services from the Loan Originator as well as is entitled to any other 
remuneration for its work and services provided to other parties. The fee paid by the Loan Originator to the 
Distributor for its services with respect to the issue of the Securities shall be expressed as a fixed percentage rate 
from the total outstanding amount of the Securities issued by the Issuer. 
13.9.4. Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Securities shall be prescribed and become void unless 
made within ten (10) years (in the case of payments relating to principal) or five (5) years (in the case of payments 
relating to interest) as from the date on which payment in respect thereof first becomes due. 
13.10. 
ISSUER'S COVENANTS 
So long as any of the Securities remain outstanding, the Issuer will not, without the prior written consent of the 
Distributor, agree to any amendments to or any modification of, or waiver of the terms of the Assignment 
Agreement. Any such amendment, modification or waiver made with the consent of the Distributor shall be 
binding on the Securityholder and any such amendment or modification shall be notified by the Issuer to the 
Securityholder. 
Save as provided above, so long as any Security remains outstanding, the Issuer shall not, inter alia: 
a. incur any other indebtedness for borrowed money (other than issuing further Securities and/or creating 
or incurring further obligations relating to such Securities and issues of Securities on a limited recourse 
basis for the sole purpose of acquiring the Loan Receivables); 
b. engage in any business (other than entering into the Programme and issuing Securities thereunder or on 
a standalone basis from time to time for the sole purpose of acquiring the Loan Receivables in accordance 
with the Assignment Agreement and its appendixes, entering into related agreements and transactions 
(including derivatives on a limited recourse basis) and performing any act incidental or necessary in 
connection with any of the foregoing); 
c. 
declare any dividends;

--- Page 58 ---
57 
d. have any subsidiaries; 
e. purchase, own, lease or otherwise acquire any real property (including office premises or like facilities); 
f. 
consolidate or merge with any other person; 
g. 
convey or transfer its properties or assets substantially as an entity to any person (otherwise than as 
contemplated in these Conditions); 
h. issue any shares (other than those existing at the date of the Base Prospectus); 
i. 
give any guarantee or assume any other liability; or 
j. 
subject to the laws of Latvia, petition for any winding-up or bankruptcy. 
13.11. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer reserves the right from time to time without the consent of the Securityholder to create and issue 
further Series (or batches of existing Series) of Securities within the scope of this Base Prospectus, as well as other 
prospectuses confirmed by the FCMC in the future. Further Series of Securities (or batches of existing Series) 
within the scope of this Base Prospectus will: 
a. 
be equivalent and replaceable with respect to the Securities of that existing Series; 
b. have the same terms and conditions as the Securities of that Series except for the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount, the Issue Date, the Issue Price, the Interest Accrual Periods, the first Interest Payment Date and 
the first Redemption Date; and 
c. 
be consolidated and form a single Series with that existing Series of Securities, and references in the 
terms and conditions to the Securities shall be construed accordingly. 
The right of the Issuer to issue Securities up to the maximum amount of EUR 10 000 000 within the Programme 
described in the Base Prospectus has been stated in the resolution of the Meeting of the members of the Issuer, 
dated the 2nd of November 2022.  
The right of the Issuer from time to time without the consent of the Securityholder to create and issue further 
Series, includes also the Issuer’s right to issue other instruments according to the prospectuses and transaction 
documents for other loan originators. 
13.12. 
NOTICES 
Any notice or other communication to be made under or in connection with the Securities to the Securityholder 
shall be published on the Website and/or otherwise in accordance with the provisions of the laws of Latvia. A 
notice will be deemed to be made on the day of its publication (in case of more than one publication, on the day 
of the first publication). 
13.13. 
MEETINGS OF THE SECURITYHOLDERS 
The issuance of Securities described in this Base Prospectus does not provide for the right of the Securityholders 
to establish a representative body nor does it authorize an organization or a person to represent all or part of the 
interests of the Securityholders, however, such rights, if executed, are subject to the respective legal framework 
set forth in the laws of Latvia. 
13.14. 
TAXATION 
All payments in respect of the Securities by the Issuer shall be made without withholding or deduction for, or on 
account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature, unless 
the withholding or deduction of the taxes is required by the laws of Latvia. In such case the Issuer shall withhold 
the tax from the payment to the Securityholder and pay the amount net of tax.

--- Page 59 ---
58 
13.15. 
GOVERNING LAW AND DISPUTE SETTLEMENT 
13.15.1. Governing law  
The Securities are created and issued in accordance with the laws of Latvia. 
13.15.2. Dispute settlement 
Any disputes relating to or arising in relation to the Securities shall be settled solely by the courts of Latvia of 
competent jurisdiction in accordance with the laws of Latvia. 
13.16. 
RIGHTS ATTACHED TO THE SECURITIES 
The Securities will bear interest from (and including) the day the Securityholder buys the specific Security at a rate 
specified in the Final Terms. The interest is payable on a monthly basis. The Securityholder has the right to sell 
the security to other Securityholders on the Platform.  
13.17. 
DEFINITIONS 
The following definitions apply throughout the Terms and Conditions the Securities and the Base Prospectus (capitalised terms that are not 
defined in this section will have the meaning given to them in other parts of the Terms and Conditions of the Securities, the Final Terms or 
elsewhere in the Base Prospectus):  
Aggregate Nominal Value 
the sum of the Nominal Values of the Securities issued within a Series; 
Assignment Agreement 
an assignment agreement concluded by and between the Issuer (as the 
assignee) and the Lender (as the assignor) with respect to the Loan 
Receivables arising out of the Loan Agreement. The Assignment 
Agreement is part of the overall Transaction Documents; 
Assignment Fee 
the payment (i.e., an assignment price) that the Issuer shall pay to the 
Lender for the Loan Receivables made by the Issuer to the Lender in 
accordance with to the Assignment Agreement; 
Base Prospectus 
this document; 
Borrowing Consulting Agreement 
a borrowing consulting agreement that is concluded by and between the 
Underlying Borrower and the Loan Broker, which sets forth the terms and 
conditions of the existing legal relationship between the Loan Broker and 
the Underlying Borrower; 
Client Agreement 
an agreement concluded by and between the Distributor and the 
Securityholders with respect to the purchase of the Securities; 
Delegated Regulation 
Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019 supplementing the 
Prospectus Regulation as regards the format, content, scrutiny and 
approval of the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to 
the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing 
Commission Regulation (EC) No 809/2004; 
Distribution Agreement 
a distribution agreement concluded by and between the Issuer and the 
Distributor with respect to the distribution of the Securities; 
Distributor 
the legal entity specified as “Distributor” in Section 13.1.1 of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Securities; 
Early Redemption Amount 
the amount that is paid to the Securityholders by the Issuer to the 
Securityholder in case if the Issuer redeems the Securities prior to the 
Maturity Date and that is equal to the sum of the outstanding principal 
and accrued interest of the Securities at the date of the early redemption; 
EEA 
the European Economic Area;

--- Page 60 ---
59 
EUR 
the official currency of the European Union; 
FCMC 
the Financial and Capital Market Commission (in Latvian - Finanšu un 
kapitāla tirgus komisija); 
Final Terms 
any duly completed final terms in the form set out in Section FORM OF 
THE FINAL TERMS of the Base Prospectus and containing the necessary 
information concerning the Issuer and the Securities offered to the 
public; 
Financial Instruments Market Law 
Financial Instruments Market Law of Latvia, adopted on 20 November 
2003; 
Guarantee Agreement 
a guarantee agreement concluded by and between the Loan Broker (as 
the guarantor) and the Lender (as the obligee) to secure the obligations 
of the Loan Originator with respect of the Loan Receivables arising out of 
the Loan Agreement; 
Interest 
the interest on the Securities that is paid by the Issuer to the 
Securityholders and  that is defined in the Final Terms. The payment dates 
of interest to the Securityholders are structured in a way to mirror the 
repayment of interest of the Loan Receivables to which the particular 
Securities are linked to; 
ISIN 
International Securities Identification Number; 
Issue Date 
the issue date of the Securities being the date on which the Securities are 
first made available for subscription as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
Issue Price 
the price at which the Securities are issued by the Issuer, as defined in the 
Final Terms; 
Issuer 
the legal entity specified as “Issuer” in Section 13.1.1 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Securities; 
IT 
information technology; 
Latvia 
the Republic of Latvia; 
LEI 
legal entity identifier; 
Lender 
SIA TWINO Investments Finance, incorporated and registered as a limited 
liability company (in Latvian – sabiedrība ar ierobežotu atbildību) in the 
Commercial Register of Enterprises of Latvia on February 15, 2022 with 
the unified registration number: 40203380408. It is organised and 
operating pursuant to the laws of Latvia and has been established for an 
indefinite period of time. The registered address and office of the Lender 
is at: 42 Dzirnavu Street, Riga, LV-1010, Latvia and its telephone number 
is: +371 67 799 997; 
Loan 
the principal amount of the business loan granted and disbursed by the 
Lender to the Loan Originator in accordance with the Loan Agreement, 
where the overall Loan may be issued in several individual Loans and with 
different maturities all as defined in the Loan Agreement;  
Loan Agreement 
a business loan agreement concluded by and between the Lender (as the 
lender) and the Loan Originator (as the borrower) with respect to the 
Loan; 
Loan Broker: 
VIACONTO Company Limited ("Loan Broker”), was incorporated and 
registered as a limited liability company with the registration 
number: 0315687749. It is organised and operating pursuant to the laws 
of Vietnam and has been established for an indefinite period of time. The

--- Page 61 ---
60 
registered address and office of the Loan Broker is at: Floor 1, Petroland 
Building, No 12 Tan Trao Street, Tan Phu Ward, District 7, Ho Chi Minh 
City, Vietnam. The Loan Broker is a 100% foreign owned company, 
operating under an Investment Certificate number 8778783357; 
Loan Originator: 
Hoang Kim Nhat Company Limited ("Loan Originator”), was incorporated 
and registered as a limited liability company with the registration 
number: 0315733498 on June 18, 2019 by the Department of Planning 
and Investment of Ho Chi Minh City. It is organised and operating 
pursuant to the laws of Vietnam and has been established for an 
indefinite period of time. The registered address and office of the Loan 
Originator is at: 549/66 Xo Viet Nghe Tinh St, Ward 26, Binh Thanh 
District, HCMC, Vietnam; 
Loan Receivables 
the claim rights towards the Loan Originator with respect to the Loan 
granted by Lender in accordance with the Loan Agreement; 
Management Board 
a management board of the capital company, pursuant to Article 145 of 
Commercial Law (in Latvian – Komerclikums) of Latvia; 
Maturity Date 
the maturity date of the Securities that is defined in the Final Terms; 
Member States 
the Member States of the European Union; 
MIFID II 
Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments and amending Directive 
2002/92/EC and Directive 2011/61/EU;  
Nasdaq CSD SE 
SE "Nasdaq CSD", incorporated and registered in the Commercial Register 
of Enterprises of Latvia on January 9, 1995 with the unified registration 
number: 400003242879. It is organised and operating pursuant to the 
laws of Latvia and has been established for an indefinite period of time. 
The registered address and office of the Nasdaq Riga is at: 1 Valnu Street, 
Riga, LV-1050, Latvia; 
Nominal Value 
the nominal value of the Securities, which shall be in the amount of 
EUR 1.00, unless stated otherwise in the Final Terms; 
Prospectus Regulation 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are 
offered to the public of admitted to trading on a regulated market, and 
repealing Directive 2003/71/EC; 
Register 
an electronic register maintained by the Distributor, where information 
about the following is recorded:  
a. 
the names and addresses of the holders of the Securities; 
b. the particulars of the Securities and (c) ; 
c. 
all transfers and redemptions thereof the Securities. 
Securities 
asset-backed securities issued or to be issued under the Programme; 
Securities Act 
the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended; 
Securityholder 
investors that have purchased and, thus, hold the Securities and are 
recorded in the Register. The “holder” of a Security means the person in 
whose name such Security is for the time being registered in the Register 
(or, in the case of a joint holding, the first named thereof). A holder of the 
Security for the time being.  
Series 
series of the Securities, which shall be issued periodically in several series 
by the Issuer. Each Series shall have a unique ISIN number, its own Final 
Terms and shall be linked to a specific Loan Receivable;

--- Page 62 ---
61 
 
 
Subordination Agreement 
a subordination agreement concluded by and between the Loan 
Originator (as the debtor) and the Loan Broker (as the guarantor) and the 
Lender (as the creditor) to depict and recognize the liabilities of the Loan 
Originator and the Loan Broker arising out of the Transaction Documents 
and the priority of those liabilities over any other liabilities of the Loan 
Originator and the Loan Broker; 
Target Market 
the target market of the Securities – eligible counterparties, professional 
clients and retail clients, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (MiFID 
II); 
Transaction Documents 
documentation and agreements related to or connected with the 
issuance of the Securities including, but not limited to: 
a. 
the Loan Agreement; 
b. the Assignment Agreement;  
c. 
the Distribution Agreement; and 
d. and other agreements.  
The Transaction Documents may consist of a single or several separate 
agreements (legal documents) depending on the case; 
TWINO 
the Distributor; 
Underlying Borrowers 
consumers to whom the Loan Originator has granted the Underlying Loan 
according to the terms of the Underlying Borrower Loan Agreements; 
Underlying Borrower Loan 
Agreement 
a consumer loan agreement concluded between the Loan Originator (as 
a lender) and the Underlying Borrower (as a borrower) with respect to 
the Underlying Loan; 
Underlying Loans 
consumer loans granted by the Loan Originator to the Underlying 
Borrower according to the terms of the Underlying Borrower Loan 
Agreements; 
Underlying Portfolio 
the Underlying Loans  that are pledged in favour of the Lender according 
to the Loan Agreement;  
United States or US 
the United States of America; 
VAT 
value added tax; 
Vietnam 
the Socialist Republic of Vietnam; 
VND 
the currency of Vietnam – Vietnamese Dong; 
Website 
the 
website 
branded 
as 
‘TWINO’ 
and 
referring 
to 
the 
domain https://www.twino.eu.

--- Page 63 ---
62 
14. FORM OF THE FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Series of Securities issued under the 
Base Prospectus. The completed Final Terms for each Series, described in the Base Prospectus as the “Final Terms” 
will be published on the website: www.twino.eu.  
 
FINAL TERMS DATED [•] 
SIA TWINO Investments Vietnam 
(a limited liability company incorporated and registered in the Republic of Latvia  
with the unified registration number: 40203318298, LEI: 9845001E8B5BB4783E93) 
Terms used in the Final Terms shall be deemed to be as defined in the Base Prospectus dated [•] for the purposes 
of the Prospectus Regulation, in respect of Securities issued by the Issuer. This document constitutes the Final 
Terms of the Securities described herein for the purposes of Article 8.4 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be 
read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus (and any supplement thereto) in order to obtain all the relevant 
information.  
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of Securities is only available on the basis of a combination of these 
Final Terms and the Base Prospectus (as so supplemented).  
The Base Prospectus (and its supplements, if any) is available for viewing on the website (www.twino.eu). The 
summary of the individual issue of the Securities attached to the Final Terms as Appendix No 1.  
PART A – INFORMATION CONCERNING THE LOAN RECEIVABLES 
Obligor: [•] 
Country: [•] 
Loan amount: [•] 
Loan term: [•] 
Nominal Interest Rate: [•] 
Collateral: [•] 
PART B – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used in these Final Terms have been prepared for the purpose of Article 8(4) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Securities is only available on the basis of the combination of 
the Final Terms when read together with the Base Prospectus dated 02.11.2022, as approved by Financial and 
Capital Market Commission on [•], including any supplements thereto. The Base Prospectus has been or will be, 
as the case may be, published on the website of AS TWINO Investments (www.twino.eu). A summary of the 
individual issue of the Securities is annexed to these Final Terms. 
Terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings specified in the General Terms and Conditions of the 
Securities and in the Issue Specific Terms and Conditions of the Securities, in each case as set out in the Base 
Prospectus (together, the “Terms and Conditions”). 
1. Issue number: [•] 
2. ISIN: [•] 
3. Form: registered and book-entry 
4. Specified Currency: EUR 
5. Annual Interest Rate: [•] 
6. Aggregate Nominal Value: EUR [•] 
7. Nominal Value: EUR 1.00

--- Page 64 ---
63 
8. Issue Price: EUR 1.00 per Security 
9. Issue Date (DD/MM/YYYY): [•] 
10. Interest Commencement Date: Issue Date of the Security 
11. Maturity date (DD/MM/YYYY): [•] 
12. Type of Securities: Asset-backed Securities 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
Scheduled redemption: The repayment of the Security shall be made subject to the repayment of the Loan 
Receivables. Whenever the Issuer receives a scheduled repayment of any Loan Receivables that are linked to 
specific Securities, an equivalent repayment of the latter takes place. The final repayment date of the Security 
may differ in case of an early repayment of Loan Receivables or a term extension. The table below presents the 
planned repayment schedule of the Loan Receivables: 
No. 
Payment Type 
Date 
Amount 
1 
[Principal / Interest / Other] 
[DD/MM/YYYY] 
[EUR …] 
2 
[Principal / Interest / Other] 
[DD/MM/YYYY] 
[EUR …] 
3 
[Principal / Interest / Other] 
[DD/MM/YYYY] 
[EUR …] 
[…] 
[…] 
[…] 
[…] 
[…] 
[…] 
[…] 
[…] 
PART C – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. Ratings 
The Securities to be issued have not been rated. 
2. Operational information 
a. Delivery of the Securities: Delivery against payment 
There are no specific time limits set for the validity of the payment. The Securityholder shall pay the 
Nominal Value to receive the Security. 
b. Banks, where the main accounts relating to issue of the Series are held: 
Legal name: AS BluOr Bank 
Registration No. 40003551060 
Legal address: 6 Smilšu Street, Riga, LV-1050, Latvia 
SWIFT code: CBBRLV22 
Legal identifier (LEI): 54930080G2M7EJ097A27 
FATCA GIIN: BX9NR1.99999.SL.428 
AS BluOr Bank is regulated by the Financial and Capital Market Commission. 
3. Distribution 
a. Total commission and concession: 
No fees of commissions are applicable to the Securityholder.