--- Page 1 ---
SIB Sukuk Company III Limited 
(incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)  
U.S.$3,000,000,000 
Trust Certificate Issuance Programme  
Under the U.S.$3,000,000,000 trust certificate issuance programme described in this Base Prospectus (the Programme), SIB Sukuk Company III Limited (in its capacities as 
issuer and as trustee, the Trustee), subject to compliance with all applicable laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue trust certificates (the Certificates) 
in any currency agreed between the Trustee, SIB and the relevant Dealer (each as defined below). 
Certificates may only be issued in registered form. The maximum aggregate face amount of all Certificates from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed 
U.S.$3,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described in the Programme Agreement described herein), subject to increase as described herein. 
Each Series (as defined herein) of Certificates issued under the Programme will be constituted by: (i) an amended and restated master trust deed (the Master Trust Deed) dated 20 December 
2021  entered into between the Trustee, Sharjah Islamic Bank PJSC (SIB) and Citicorp Trustee Company Limited as delegate of the Trustee (the Delegate, which expression shall include 
any co-Delegate or any successor); and (ii) a supplemental trust deed (the Supplemental Trust Deed and, together with the Master Trust Deed, each a Trust Deed) in relation to the relevant 
Series. Certificates of each Series confer on the holders of the Certificates from time to time (the Certificateholders) the right to receive certain payments (as more particularly described 
herein) arising from a pro rata ownership interest in the assets of a trust declared by the Trustee in relation to the relevant Series (the Trust) over the Trust Assets (as defined below) which 
will include, inter alia: (i) the relevant Portfolio (as defined herein); and (ii) the relevant Transaction Documents (as defined below). 
The Certificates may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers (each a Dealer and together the Dealers) specified under “Overview of the Programme” and any additional 
Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Trustee and SIB, which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. References in this Base Prospectus 
to the relevant Dealer shall, in the case of an issue of Certificates being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such Certificates. 
The Certificates will be limited recourse obligations of the Trustee. An investment in Certificates issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these 
risks, see “Risk Factors”. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Central Bank of Ireland (the Irish Central Bank) as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the 
Prospectus Regulation). The Irish Central Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus 
Regulation. Approval by the Irish Central Bank should not be considered as an endorsement of the Trustee or SIB or of the quality of the Certificates. Investors should make their own 
assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Certificates.  
Application has been made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (Euronext Dublin) for Certificates issued under the Programme during the 12 months from the date 
of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the official list (the Official List) and trading on its regulated market (the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market). Such approval relates only to the 
Certificates which are to be admitted to trading on the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market or any other regulated markets for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EC on markets in financial 
instruments, as amended (MiFID II) (each such regulated market being a MiFID Regulated Market) or which are to be offered to the public in any member state of the European Economic 
Area (each a Member State). The Euronext Dublin Regulated Market is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Dubai Financial Services Authority (the DFSA) under Markets Rule 2.6 of the Markets Rules (MKT) Module of the DFSA Rulebook 
(Market Rules) and is therefore an approved prospectus for the purposes of Article 14 of the Markets Law (DIFC No. 1 of 2012) (Markets Law 2012). Application has also been made to 
the DFSA for Certificates issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the official list of securities (the DFSA Official 
List) maintained by the DFSA and to Nasdaq Dubai for such Certificates to be admitted to trading on Nasdaq Dubai. 
The DFSA does not accept any responsibility for the content of the information included in this Base Prospectus, including the accuracy or completeness of such information. The liability 
for the content of this Base Prospectus lies with the Trustee, SIB and such other persons, such as experts, whose opinions are included in the Base Prospectus with their consent. The DFSA 
has also not assessed the suitability of the Certificates to which this Base Prospectus relates to any particular investor or type of investor and has not determined whether they are Shari’a 
compliant. If you do not understand the contents of this Base Prospectus or are unsure whether the Certificates to which this Base Prospectus relates are suitable for your individual investment 
objectives and circumstances, you should consult an authorised financial advisor. 
References in this Base Prospectus to Certificates being listed (and all related references) shall mean that such Certificates have been (a) admitted to listing on the Official List and admitted 
to trading on the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market or, as the case may be, another MiFID Regulated Market and/or (b) admitted to listing on the DFSA Official List and admitted to 
trading on Nasdaq Dubai. The Programme provides that Certificates may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock exchanges or markets as may be 
agreed between the Trustee, SIB and the relevant Dealer. The Trustee may also issue unlisted Certificates and/or Certificates not admitted to trading on any market. 
Notice of the aggregate face amount of Certificates and any other terms and conditions not contained herein which are applicable to each Series will be set out in a final terms 
document (the applicable Final Terms) which, with respect to Certificates to be listed on Euronext Dublin Regulated Market, will be published on the website of the Euronext 
Dublin on or around the date of issue of such Series. 
The Trustee and SIB may agree with any Dealer that Certificates may be issued with terms and conditions not contemplated by the Terms and Conditions of the Certificates herein, in which 
event a supplemental Base Prospectus, if appropriate, will be made available which will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such Certificates. 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to Certificates which are to be admitted to trading on a MiFID 
Regulated Market.  The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base 
Prospectus is no longer valid. 
SIB has been assigned ratings of BBB+ by Fitch Ratings Ltd. (Fitch) with a stable outlook and A- by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (S&P) with a stable outlook. The Programme 
has been assigned a provisional rating of A- by S&P. The ratings assigned by S&P have been endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited and have not been withdrawn. The rating 
assigned by Fitch has been endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited and has not been withdrawn. Each of S&P and Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited is established in the European Union 
and is registered under the Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA Regulation). As such, each of S&P and Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited are included in the list of credit 
rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) on its website (at https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in accordance 
with the CRA Regulation. Each of S&P Global Ratings UK Limited and Fitch is established in the United Kingdom and is registered under the Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the EUWA) (the UK CRA Regulation). As such, each of S&P Global 
Ratings UK Limited and Fitch is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) on its website (at https://www.fca.org.uk/markets/credit-
rating-agencies/registered-certified-cras) in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Certificates issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. When a Series of Certificates is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the Final Terms and will not necessarily 
be the same as the rating applicable to the Programme. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change or withdrawal 
at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
The Certificates have not been nor will be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) nor with any securities regulatory authority of any state 
or other jurisdiction of the United States and the Certificates may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. Persons (as defined in Regulation 
S under the Securities Act (Regulation S)) except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Accordingly, 
Certificates may be offered or sold solely to persons who are not U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S) outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S. Each purchaser of the 
Certificates is hereby notified that the offer and sale of Certificates to it is being made in reliance on the exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided by 
Regulation S. 
The transaction structure relating to the Certificates (as described in this Base Prospectus) has been approved by the Internal Shari'a Supervisory Committee of SIB in liaison with the 
Global Shariah Supervisory Committee of Standard Chartered Bank. Prospective Certificateholders should not rely on such approvals in deciding whether to make an investment in the 
Certificates and should consult their own Shari’a advisers as to whether the proposed transaction described in such approvals is in compliance with their individual standards of compliance 
with Shari’a principles.   
Arranger and Dealer 
Standard Chartered Bank 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 20 December 2021.

--- Page 2 ---
i 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
This Base Prospectus complies with the requirements in Part 2 of the Markets Law 2012 and Chapter 2 of the 
Markets Rules, and comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and for 
the purpose of giving information with regard to the Trustee, SIB and the Certificates which, according to the 
particular nature of the Trustee, SIB and the Certificates, is necessary to enable investors to make an informed 
assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profit and losses and prospects of the Trustee and SIB. 
Each of the Trustee and SIB accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus. To the 
best of the knowledge of each of the Trustee and SIB, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in 
accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
Certain information under the headings “Risk Factors”, “Description of Sharjah Islamic Bank PJSC”, and “The 
United Arab Emirates Banking Sector and Prudential Regulations” has been extracted from information provided 
by: (i) the Central Bank of the United Arab Emirates (the UAE Central Bank), in the case of “Risk Factors”; (ii) 
the United Arab Emirates (UAE) and Sharjah governments, and the UAE Central Bank, in the case of “Description 
of Sharjah Islamic Bank PJSC”; and (iii) the Abu Dhabi Securities Exchange, the Dubai Financial Market and the 
UAE Central Bank, in the case of “The United Arab Emirates Banking Sector and Prudential Regulations”, and, 
in each case, the relevant source of such information is specified where it appears under those headings. 
Each of the Trustee and SIB confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is 
aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by the relevant sources referred to, no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed together with any amendments or supplements hereto and, in 
relation to any Series of Certificates, should be read and construed together with the applicable Final Terms. 
Copies of Final Terms will be available from the registered office of the Trustee and the specified office (set out 
below) of the Principal Paying Agent (as defined below) save that, if the relevant Certificates are neither admitted 
to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area or the United Kingdom nor offered in the European 
Economic Area or the United Kingdom in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the 
Prospectus Regulation or the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom 
by virtue of the EUWA (the UK Prospectus Regulation), as applicable, the applicable Final Terms will only be 
obtainable by a Certificateholder holding one or more Certificates and such Certificateholder must produce 
evidence satisfactory to the Trustee or, as the case may be, the Principal Paying Agent as to its holding of such 
Certificates and identity. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Trustee or SIB to give any information or to make any representation 
not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus in connection with the Programme or the Certificates 
and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the 
Trustee, SIB, the Dealers, the Delegate, the Agents (each as defined herein) or any other person. Neither the 
delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms nor any sale of any Certificates shall, under any circumstances, 
constitute a representation or create any implication that the information contained herein is correct as of any time 
subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct 
as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. The Delegate and the Dealers 
expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Trustee or SIB at any point, including 
during the life of the Programme, or to advise any investor in the Certificates of any information coming to their 
attention. 
Save for the Issuer or SIB, no other party (including the Dealers, the Delegate or the Agents) has independently 
verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or 
implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is accepted by any party except for the Issuer or SIB as to (i) the 
accuracy, adequacy, reasonableness or completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus or any 
other information provided by SIB in connection with the Programme or (ii) the acts or omissions of the Trustee 
or SIB or any other person (other than the relevant Dealer, the Delegate or Agent) in connection with the issue or 
offering of any Certificates. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Certificates 
is: (i) intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation; or (ii) should be considered as a recommendation 
by the Trustee, SIB, the Dealers, the Delegate or the Agents that any recipient of this Base Prospectus should purchase 
any Certificates. Each investor contemplating purchasing any Certificates should make its own independent 
investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Trustee and

--- Page 3 ---
ii 
 
SIB. None of the Dealers, the Delegate or the Agents accepts any liability in relation to the information contained in 
this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Trustee and SIB in connection with the Programme. 
The Certificates of any Series may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in 
Certificates must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each 
potential investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional 
advisers, whether it: 
(a) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Certificates, the 
merits and risks of investing in the relevant Certificates and the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus; 
(b) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the relevant Certificates and the impact the relevant Certificates will 
have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(c) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the relevant 
Certificates, including where the currency of payment is different from the potential investor’s currency; 
(d) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the relevant Certificates and be familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant indices and financial markets; and 
(e) 
is able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic 
and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Some Certificates are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not purchase 
complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They purchase complex financial instruments as a way to 
reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall portfolios. A 
potential investor should not invest in Certificates which are complex financial instruments unless it has the expertise 
(either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Certificates will perform under changing conditions, 
the resulting effects on the value of the Certificates and the impact this investment will have on the potential 
investor’s overall investment portfolio. 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or 
regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and 
to what extent: (i) Certificates are legal investments for it; (ii) Certificates can be used as collateral for various 
types of financing; and (iii) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Certificates. Financial 
institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment 
of Certificates under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
No comment is made or advice given by the Trustee, SIB, the Dealers, the Delegate or the Agents in respect of 
taxation matters relating to any Certificates or the legality of the purchase of the Certificates by an investor under 
any applicable law. 
EACH PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR IS ADVISED TO CONSULT ITS OWN TAX ADVISER, SHARI'A 
ADVISER, LEGAL ADVISER AND BUSINESS ADVISER AS TO TAX, SHARI'A, LEGAL, BUSINESS 
AND RELATED MATTERS CONCERNING THE PURCHASE OF ANY CERTIFICATES. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Certificates in any 
jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Certificates may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. None of the Trustee, SIB, the Dealers, the Delegate or the Agents represents that this Base Prospectus 
may be lawfully distributed, or that any Certificates may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable 
registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or 
assumes any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken 
by the Trustee, SIB, the Dealers, the Delegate or the Agents which is intended to permit a public offering of any 
Certificates or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Accordingly, no Certificates may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any 
advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under 
circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession 
this Base Prospectus or any Certificates may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions 
on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of the Certificates. In particular, there are

--- Page 4 ---
iii 
 
restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Certificates in the United States, the 
European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, the Cayman Islands, Japan, the United Arab Emirates (excluding 
the Dubai International Financial Centre), the Dubai International Financial Centre, the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, 
the Kingdom of Bahrain, the State of Qatar (excluding the Qatar Financial Centre), Singapore, Hong Kong and 
Malaysia, see “Subscription and Sale”. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that any offer of Certificates in any Member State or the 
United Kingdom will be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation or the UK Prospectus 
Regulation, as applicable, from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of Certificates. Accordingly, any 
person making or intending to make an offer in that Member State or the United Kingdom of Certificates which 
are the subject of an offering contemplated in this Base Prospectus as completed by Final Terms in relation to the 
offer of those Certificates may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Trustee, SIB or 
any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or Article 3 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation or Article 
23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation, in each case, as applicable in relation to such offer. None of the Trustee, SIB 
or any Dealer have authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Certificates in circumstances in 
which an obligation arises for the Trustee, SIB or any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
None of the Dealers, the Trustee, SIB, the Agents or the Delegate makes any representation to any investor in the 
Certificates regarding the legality of its investment under any applicable laws. Any investor in the Certificates 
should be able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the Certificates for an indefinite period of time.

--- Page 5 ---
iv 
 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus incorporates by reference the following financial statements of SIB: 
 
unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements as at and for the nine months ended 30 
September 2021, (which include unaudited comparative financial information as at 31 December 2020 and 
for the nine months ended 30 September 2020), together with the accompanying notes thereto (the Q3 2021 
Financial Statements); 
 
unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements as at and for the six months ended 30 June 
2021, (which include unaudited comparative financial information as at 31 December 2020 and for the six 
months ended 30 June 2020), together with the accompanying notes thereto (the H1 2021 Financial 
Statements); 
 
audited consolidated financial statements as at and for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 which 
include unaudited comparative financial information as at and for the year ended 31 December 2019, together 
with the accompanying notes thereto (the 2020 Financial Statements); and 
 
audited consolidated financial statements as at and for the financial year ended 31 December 2019 which 
include unaudited comparative financial information as at and for the year ended 31 December 2018, together 
with the accompanying notes thereto (the 2019 Financial Statements and, together with the 2020 Financial 
Statements, the H1 2021 Financial Statements and the Q3 2021 Financial Statements, the Financial 
Statements). 
The 2020 Financial Statements and the 2019 Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with 
International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board 
(the IASB), the Q3 2021 Financial Statements and the H1 2021 Financial Statements have been prepared in 
accordance with International Accounting Standards 34 – Interim Financial Reporting (IAS 34) and comply with 
the guidance of the UAE Central Bank, Islamic Shari'a principles and applicable requirements of the UAE Federal 
law No. 2 of 2015. The 2020 Financial Statements and 2019 Financial Statements have been audited in accordance 
with International Standards on Auditing (ISA) by PricewaterhouseCoopers (Dubai Branch) (PwC). PwC has 
reviewed the Q3 2021 Financial Statements and the H1 2021 Financial Statements in accordance with the 
International Standard on Review Engagements 2410, "Review of interim financial information performed by the 
independent auditor of the entity", and have issued an unmodified review conclusion on the H1 2021 Financial 
Statements as stated in PwC's review report appearing in the Q3 2021 Financial Statements and the H1 2021 
Financial Statements (as applicable). See note 3 (Significant accounting policies) to the 2020 Financial Statements 
for information regarding the significant accounting policies adopted by SIB. 
SIB presents its financial statements in UAE dirham. 
Unless otherwise indicated, the statement of financial position, the statement of profit or loss, the statement of 
comprehensive income, the statement of cash flows and the statement of changes in equity information incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus relating to SIB have been derived: 
 
in respect of the financial information as at and for the years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018 
from the 2019 Financial Statements, except for the 2019 financial information which was subsequently 
reclassified and hence is extracted or derived from the unaudited comparative column of the 2020 Financial 
Statements (see "- Reclassifications to 2020 comparatives" below for further detail); 
 
in respect of the financial information as at and for the year ended 31 December 2020 from the 2020 Financial 
Statements; 
 
in respect of the financial information as at and for the six months ended 30 June 2021 and 30 June 2020 from 
the H1 2021 Financial Statements; and 
 
in respect of the financial information as at and for the nine months ended 30 September 2021 and 30 
September 2020 from the Q3 2021 Financial Statements.

--- Page 6 ---
v 
 
Restatement of comparatives in the Q3 2021 condensed consolidated interim statement of cash flows  
The condensed consolidated interim statement of cash flows for the nine month period ended 30 September 2020 
was restated to correct the presentation of cash and cash equivalents as explained in note 23 to the Q3 2021 Interim 
Financial Statements. As such the 2020 Finanacial Statements and the H1 2021 Financial Statements should be 
read in conjunction with note 23 of the Q3 2021 Financial Statements. 
Reclassifications to 2020 comparatives 
The following financial information as at and for the year ended 31 December 2019 has been re-presented in the 
comparative period of the 2020 Financial Statements in order to align to the consistency of presentation of the 
2020 Financial Statements: 
 
 
"Profit expense on Sukuk" and "Distribution to Depositors" were shown separately in the statement of profit 
or loss in the 2019 Financial Statements whereas in the 2020 Financial Statements, these have been combined 
and presented as "Distribution to depositors and sukuk holders"; 
 
"Income from subsidiaries" was shown separately in the 2019 Financial Statements whereas in 2020 Financial 
Statements, this has been combined into "Investment, fees, commission and other income"; and 
 
"Revaluation gain on properties" was part of "Investment, fees commission and other income" in the 2019 
Financial Statements and has been re-presented as a separate line item in the 2020 Financial Statements. 
Accordingly, due to the change in presentation, in addition to the line items mentioned above "total operating 
income" and "investment, fees, commission and other income" as disclosed in the 2019 Financial Statements differ 
from those disclosed in the 2020 Financial Statements. 
 
All financial information as at and for the year ended 31 December 2019 included elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus has been extracted or derived from the 2019 Financial Statements, except for the items disclosed above 
which are extracted or derived from the 2020 Financial Statements. 
 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
A number of the financial metrics in the analysis of SIB's business and financial position presented by SIB in this 
Base Prospectus are not defined in accordance with IFRS and SIB considers such metrics to constitute Alternative 
Performance Measures (APMs), as defined in the European Securities and Markets Authority Guidelines on APMs 
(the ESMA Guidelines). 
Although not defined in accordance with IFRS, SIB believes such metrics provide useful supplementary 
information to both investors and SIB's management, as they facilitate the evaluation of company performance. It 
is to be noted that, since not all companies calculate financial measurements in the same manner, these are not 
always comparable to measurements used by other companies. Accordingly, these financial measures should not 
be seen as a substitute for measures defined according to IFRS. Certain of these APMs are presented below, along 
with their reconciliation to the extent that such information is not defined according to IFRS and not included in 
SIB's Financial Statements incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus: 
APM 
Calculation 
Rationale for 
inclusion 
2020 Financial 
Statements page 
number(s) for items 
referred to in 
calculation 
Cost to income ratio 
General and 
administrative 
expenses divided by 
the sum of Income 
from investments in 
Islamic financing and 
sukuk and investment, 
fees, commission and 
other income. 
It is used to measure 
SIB's cost efficiencies, 
comparing cost to 
income. 
9

--- Page 7 ---
vi 
 
APM 
Calculation 
Rationale for 
inclusion 
2020 Financial 
Statements page 
number(s) for items 
referred to in 
calculation 
Net profit margin 
The sum of Income 
from investments in 
Islamic financing and 
sukuk and distribution 
to depositors divided 
by average earning 
assets (being the two 
year average of 
murabaha and wakalah 
with financial 
institutions plus 
investments in Islamic 
financing). 
This is a profitability 
ratio and is a relevant 
comparable to the net 
interest margin in 
conventional terms, 
measuring the 
income/spread SIB 
makes on its financing 
investments. 
9 and 11 
Annualised return on 
average assets 
Profit for the year 
divided by the average 
of total assets for two 
years. 
This is a profitability 
ratio and efficiency 
measure, indicating 
how effectively SIB's 
assets are being used to 
generate profits. 
8 and 10 
Annualised return on 
average equity 
Profit for the year 
divided by the average 
of total shareholders' 
equity for two years. 
This is a profitability 
ratio, measuring the 
average return to 
shareholders for their 
investment in SIB. It 
indicates how 
effectively SIB's 
shareholders' equity is 
being used to generate 
profits. 
8 and 10 
Non-performing 
financing assets/net 
financing 
Investments in Islamic 
financing (Stage 3) 
divided by the total 
carrying amount under 
investments in Islamic 
financing. 
This indicates non- 
performing financing 
as a percentage of total 
financing, and is used 
to assess SIB's asset 
quality. 
36 
Financing/total 
deposits 
Investments in Islamic 
financing divided by 
the sum of customers' 
deposits and due to 
banks. 
This is used to assess 
the liquidity of SIB, as 
it indicates how much 
of SIB's deposits are 
being used for 
financing. 
8 
Earnings per share 
Profit for the year 
divided by share 
capital. 
This is a measure of 
management 
performance and 
profitability, and shows 
the portion of SIB's 
distributable profit 
allocated to each 
outstanding share. 
8 and 9

--- Page 8 ---
vii 
 
APM 
Calculation 
Rationale for 
inclusion 
2020 Financial 
Statements page 
number(s) for items 
referred to in 
calculation 
Equity/total assets 
Total shareholders' 
equity divided by total 
assets 
This shows the 
proportion of 
shareholders equity in 
SIB's total assets. 
8 
Liquid assets/total 
assets 
The sum of cash and 
balances with banks 
and financial 
institutions and 
murabaha and wakalah 
with financial 
institutions divided by 
total assets. 
This liquidity ratio 
indicates SIB's current 
assets as a proportion 
of total assets, and is 
used to assess the 
liquidity of SIB. 
8 
Depositors' 
accounts/total deposits 
Customers' deposits 
divided by total 
deposits (which is the 
sum of customers' 
deposits and due to 
banks). 
This indicates the 
proportion/reliance on 
customer deposits in 
SIB's deposit base. 
8 
Financing/Depositors' 
account 
Investments in Islamic 
financing divided by 
customers' deposits. 
This is a measure of 
SIB's ability to fund its 
financing book through 
its deposit base. 
8 
These APMs are not defined by, or presented in accordance with, IFRS. The APMs are not measurements of SIB's 
operating performance under IFRS and should not be considered as alternatives to any measures of performance 
under IFRS or as measures of SIB's liquidity. 
PRESENTATION OF UAE STATISTICAL INFORMATION 
The statistical information in the section entitled "The United Arab Emirates Banking Sector and Prudential 
Regulations" has been accurately reproduced from a number of different identified sources. All statistical 
information provided in that section may differ from that produced by other sources for a variety of reasons, 
including the use of different definitions and cut-off times. GDP data is not final and may be subject to revision in 
future periods and certain other historical GDP data set out in that section may also be subject to future adjustment. 
PRESENTATION OF OTHER INFORMATION 
In this Base Prospectus, references to: 
 
Abu Dhabi, Dubai and Sharjah are to the Emirate of Abu Dhabi, the Emirate of Dubai and the Emirate of 
Sharjah, respectively; 
 
UAE Central Bank means the Central Bank of the UAE;  
 
dirham, AED and UAE dirham are to the lawful currency of the UAE and references to fil are to the sub-
unit of the dirham; 
 
Emirate means one or more of the seven emirates of the UAE;  
 
euro and € are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary 
union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union; 
 
the GCC are to the Gulf Co-operation Council;

--- Page 9 ---
viii 
 
 
the Group are to SIB and its consolidated subsidiaries; 
 
the MENA region are to the Middle East and North Africa region; and 
 
U.S.$, USD or U.S. dollars are to the lawful currency of the United States. 
The dirham has been pegged to the U.S. dollar since 22 November 1980. The midpoint between the official buying 
and selling rates for the dirham is at a fixed rate of AED 3.6725 = U.S.$1.00. All U.S.$ translations of dirham 
amounts appearing in this Base Prospectus have been translated at this fixed exchange rate. Such translations should 
not be construed as representations that dirham amounts have been or could be converted into U.S. dollars at this 
or any other rate of exchange. 
Certain figures and percentages included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; 
accordingly figures shown in the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown 
as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
The language of the Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been cited 
in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under applicable law. 
Information contained on any website referred to herein does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not 
been scrutinised or approved by the Irish Central Bank unless that information is incorporated by reference into the 
Base Prospectus.  
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
Some statements in this Base Prospectus may be deemed to be “forward-looking statements”. Forward-looking 
statements include statements concerning SIB’s plans, objectives, goals, strategies and future operations and 
performance and the assumptions underlying these forward-looking statements. When used in this Base Prospectus, 
the words “anticipates”, “estimates”, “expects”, “believes”, “intends”, “plans”, “aims”, “seeks”, “may”, “will”, 
“should” and any similar expressions generally identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking 
statements are contained in the sections entitled “Risk Factors” and “Description of Sharjah Islamic Bank PJSC” and 
other sections of this Base Prospectus. SIB has based these forward-looking statements on the current view of its 
management with respect to future events and financial performance. Although SIB believes that the expectations, 
estimates and projections reflected in its forward-looking statements are reasonable as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, if one or more of the risks or uncertainties materialise, including those identified below or which SIB has 
otherwise identified in this Base Prospectus, or if any of SIB’s underlying assumptions prove to be incomplete or 
inaccurate, SIB’s actual results of operation may vary from those expected, estimated or predicted. Investors are 
therefore strongly advised to read the sections “Risk Factors”, “Description of Sharjah Islamic Bank PJSC” and “The 
United Arab Emirates Banking Sector and Prudential Regulations”, which include a more detailed description of the 
factors that might have an impact on SIB’s business development and on the industry sector in which SIB operates. 
The risks and uncertainties referred to above include: 
 
macro-economic and financial market conditions; 
 
credit risks, including the impact of a higher level of credit defaults arising from adverse economic conditions 
(in particular in relation to the real estate sector and the impact of COVID-19), the impact of provisions and 
impairments and concentration of SIB’s portfolio of Islamic financing and investing assets; 
 
liquidity risks, including the inability of SIB to meet its contractual and contingent cash flow obligations or 
the inability to fund its operations; and 
 
changes in profit rates and other market conditions. 
Additional factors that could cause actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially include, but are 
not limited to, those discussed under “Risk Factors”. 
These forward-looking statements speak only as at the date of this Base Prospectus. Without prejudice to any 
requirements under applicable laws, SIB expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to disseminate, after the 
date of this Base Prospectus, any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect 
any change in expectations thereof or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any forward-looking 
statement is based.

--- Page 10 ---
ix

--- Page 11 ---
x 
 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF THE UNITED KINGDOM 
In order to constitute "alternative finance investment bonds" (AFIBs) within the meaning of Article 77A of 
the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Regulated Activities) Order 2001 (SI 2001/544), as amended, 
Certificates issued under the Programme will need to satisfy (amongst other requirements) one of the 
conditions mentioned in paragraph (2)(f) of that Article, which includes that, if such Certificates are issued 
after 31 December 2020, they will need to be admitted to trading on a recognised investment exchange or a 
United Kingdom trading venue or admitted to the official list of the United Kingdom Financial Conduct 
Authority (the FCA). Any Certificates which do not constitute AFIBs will represent interests in a collective 
investment scheme (as defined in the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the FSMA)) which has not 
been authorised, recognised or otherwise approved by the FCA. Accordingly, this Base Prospectus is not 
being distributed to, and must not be passed on to, the general public in the United Kingdom. 
The distribution in the United Kingdom of this Base Prospectus, any applicable Final Terms and any other 
marketing materials relating to the Certificates is being addressed to, or directed at: (i) if the distribution 
(whether or not such Certificates are AFIBs) is being effected by a person who is not an authorised person 
under the FSMA, only the following persons: (a) persons who are Investment Professionals as defined in 
Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the 
Financial Promotion Order); (b) persons falling within any of the categories of persons described in Article 
49 of the Financial Promotion Order; and (c) any other person to whom it may otherwise lawfully be made 
in accordance with the Financial Promotion Order; and (ii) if the Certificates are not AFIBs and the 
distribution is effected by a person who is an authorised person under the FSMA, only the following persons: 
(a) persons falling within one of the categories of Investment Professional as defined in Article 14(5) of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Promotion of Collective Investment Schemes) (Exemptions) Order 
2001 (the Promotion of CISs Order); (b) persons falling within any of the categories of person described in 
Article 22 of the Promotion of CISs Order; and (c) any other person to whom it may otherwise lawfully be 
promoted (all such persons together being referred to as relevant persons). Persons of any other description 
in the United Kingdom may not receive and should not act or rely on this Base Prospectus, any applicable 
Final Terms or any other marketing materials in relation to any Certificates. 
Potential investors in the United Kingdom in any Certificates are advised that all, or most, of the protections 
afforded by the United Kingdom regulatory system will not apply to an investment in such Certificates and 
that compensation will not be available under the United Kingdom Financial Services Compensation 
Scheme. 
Any individual intending to invest in any investment described in this Base Prospectus should consult his 
professional adviser and ensure that he fully understands all the risks associated with making such an 
investment and that he has sufficient financial resources to sustain any loss that may arise from such 
investment. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF THE CAYMAN ISLANDS  
No invitation whether directly or indirectly may be made to any member of the public of the Cayman Islands 
to subscribe for any Certificates and this Base Prospectus shall not be construed as an invitation to any 
member of the public of the Cayman Islands to subscribe for any Certificate. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF THE KINGDOM OF SAUDI ARABIA 
This Base Prospectus may not be distributed in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia except to such persons as are 
permitted under the Rules on the Offer of Securities and Continuing Obligations issued by the Capital 
Market Authority of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia (the Capital Market Authority). The Capital Market 
Authority does not make any representations as to the accuracy or completeness of this Base Prospectus, 
and expressly disclaims any liability whatsoever for any loss arising from, or incurred in reliance upon, 
any part of this Base Prospectus. Prospective purchasers of Certificates should conduct their own due 
diligence on the accuracy of the information relating to the Certificates. If a prospective purchaser does 
not understand the contents of this Base Prospectus he or she should consult an authorised financial 
adviser. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF THE KINGDOM OF BAHRAIN 
In relation to investors in the Kingdom of Bahrain, Certificates issued in connection with this Base 
Prospectus and related offering documents may only be offered in registered form to existing account 
holders and accredited investors as defined by the Central Bank of Bahrain (CBB) in the Kingdom of

--- Page 12 ---
xi 
 
Bahrain where such investors make a minimum investment of at least U.S.$100,000 or any equivalent 
amount in another currency or such other amount as the CBB may determine. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of securities in the Kingdom of Bahrain pursuant to the 
terms of Article (81) of the Central Bank and Financial Institutions Law 2006 (decree Law No. 64 of 2006). 
This Base Prospectus and any related offering documents have not been and will not be registered as a 
prospectus with the CBB. Accordingly, no securities may be offered, sold or made the subject of an invitation 
for subscription or purchase nor will this Base Prospectus or any other related document or material be 
used in connection with any offer, sale or invitation to subscribe or purchase securities, whether directly or 
indirectly, to persons in the Kingdom of Bahrain, other than to accredited investors (as such term is defined 
by the CBB) for an offer outside the Kingdom of Bahrain. 
The CBB has not reviewed, approved or registered this Base Prospectus or any related offering documents 
and it has not in any way considered the merits of the Certificates to be offered for investment, whether in 
or outside the Kingdom of Bahrain. Therefore, the CBB assumes no responsibility for the accuracy and 
completeness of the statements and information contained in this Base Prospectus and expressly disclaims 
any liability whatsoever for any loss howsoever arising from reliance upon the whole or any part of the 
content of this Base Prospectus. No offer of Certificates will be made to the public in the Kingdom of Bahrain 
and this Base Prospectus must be read by the addressee only and must not be issued, passed to, or made 
available to the public generally. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF THE STATE OF QATAR 
Any Certificates to be issued under the Programme will not be offered, sold or delivered, at any time, directly 
or indirectly, in the State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre) in a manner that would constitute 
a public offering. This Base Prospectus has not been and will not be reviewed or approved by or registered 
with the Qatar Central Bank, the Qatar Stock Exchange, the Qatar Financial Centre Regulatory Authority 
or the Qatar Financial Markets Authority in accordance with their respective regulations or any other 
regulations in the State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre). The Certificates to be issued under 
the Programme are not and will not be traded on the Qatar Stock Exchange. The Certificates and interests 
therein will not be offered to investors domiciled or resident in Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre) 
and do not constitute debt financing in the State of Qatar under the Commercial Companies Law No. (11) 
of 2015 or otherwise under the laws of the State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre). 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF MALAYSIA 
Any Certificates to be issued under the Programme may not be offered for subscription or purchase and no 
invitation to subscribe for or purchase the Certificates in Malaysia may be made, directly or indirectly, and 
this Base Prospectus or any document or other materials in connection therewith may not be distributed in 
Malaysia other than to persons falling within the categories set out in Schedule 6 or Section 229(1)(b), 
Schedule 7 or Section 230(1)(b) and Schedule 8 or Section 257(3), read together with Schedule 9 or Section 
257(3) of the Capital Market and Services Act 2007 of Malaysia (CMSA) as may be amended and/or varied 
from time to time and subject to any amendments to the applicable laws from time to time. 
The Securities Commission of Malaysia shall not be liable for any non-disclosure on the part of the Trustee 
or SIB and assumes no responsibility for the correctness of any statements made or opinions or reports 
expressed in this Base Prospectus. 
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Certificates may include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product 
Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Certificates and which 
channels for distribution of the Certificates are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Certificates (a distributor) should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II) is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Certificates (by either adopting or refining 
the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID Product Governance Rules), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Certificates is a manufacturer in respect of such Certificates, but otherwise 
neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the 
purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules.

--- Page 13 ---
xii 
 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Certificates may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product 
Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Certificates and which 
channels for distribution of the Certificates are appropriate. Any distributor should take into consideration 
the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the UK MiFIR product governance rules set 
out in the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of 
the Certificates (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Certificates is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Certificates, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be 
a manufacturer for the purposes of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules.  
NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(C) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 
(CHAPTER 289) OF SINGAPORE, AS MODIFIED OR AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME (THE SFA) 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms in respect of any of the Certificate, all Certificates 
issued or to be issued under the Programme shall be prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the 
Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and Excluded Investment 
Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice 
FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
VOLCKER RULE  
The Volcker Rule, which became effective on 1 April 2014, but was subject to a conformance period for 
certain entities that concluded on 21 July 2015, generally prohibits “banking entities” (which is broadly 
defined to include U.S. banks and bank holding companies and many non-U.S. banking entities, together 
with their respective subsidiaries and other affiliates) from (i) engaging in proprietary trading, (ii) acquiring 
or retaining an ownership interest in or sponsoring a “covered fund”, and (iii) entering into certain 
relationships with “covered funds”.  The general effects of the Volcker Rule remain uncertain; any 
prospective investor in the Certificates and any entity that is a “banking entity” as defined under the Volcker 
Rule which is considering an investment in the Certificates should consult its own legal advisors and consider 
the potential impact of the Volcker Rule in respect of such investment.  If investment by “banking entities” 
in the Certificates is prohibited or restricted by the Volcker Rule, this could impair the marketability and 
liquidity of such Certificates.  No assurance can be made as to the effect of the Volcker Rule on the ability 
of certain investors subject thereto to acquire or retain an interest in the Certificates, and accordingly none 
of the Trustee, SIB, the Arranger, the Delegate, the Agents or the Dealers, or any of their respective affiliates 
makes any representation regarding (a) the status of the Trustee under the Volcker Rule (including whether 
it is a “covered fund” for their purposes) or (b) the ability of any purchaser to acquire or hold the 
Certificates, now or at any time in the future. 
STABILISATION 
IN CONNECTION WITH THE ISSUE OF ANY SERIES, THE DEALER OR DEALERS (IF ANY) 
NAMED AS STABILISATION MANAGER(S) (OR ANY PERSONS ACTING ON BEHALF OF ANY 
STABILISATION MANAGER(S)) IN THE APPLICABLE SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT MAY 
EFFECT TRANSACTIONS WITH A VIEW TO SUPPORTING THE MARKET PRICE OF THE 
CERTIFICATES AT A LEVEL HIGHER THAN THAT WHICH MIGHT OTHERWISE PREVAIL. 
HOWEVER, STABILISATION MAY NOT NECESSARILY OCCUR. ANY STABILISATION ACTION 
MAY BEGIN ON OR AFTER THE ISSUE DATE AND, IF BEGUN, MAY CEASE AT ANY TIME, BUT 
IT MUST END NO LATER THAN THE EARLIER OF 30 DAYS AFTER THE ISSUE DATE OF THE 
RELEVANT CERTIFICATES AND 60 DAYS AFTER THE DATE OF THE ALLOTMENT OF THE 
RELEVANT CERTIFICATES. ANY STABILISATION ACTION SHALL BE CONDUCTED BY THE 
STABILISATION MANAGER (OR PERSONS ACTING ON BEHALF OF THE STABILISATION 
MANAGER) IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE LAWS AND RULES. 
USE OF BENCHMARK 
Amounts payable on certain Certificates issued under the Programme may be calculated by reference to 
certain reference rates. Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation

--- Page 14 ---
xiii 
 
(EU) 2016/1011, as amended (the Benchmarks Regulation) or Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA (the UK Benchmarks Regulation). If any such 
reference rate does constitute such a benchmark, the Final Terms will indicate whether or not the 
benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by ESMA and/or FCA pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation or 
the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Transitional provisions in the Benchmarks Regulation or in 
the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, may have the result that the administrator of a particular 
benchmark is not required to appear in the register of administrators and benchmarks as established and 
maintained by ESMA or the FCA at the date of the Final Terms. The registration status of any administrator 
under the Benchmarks Regulation or under the UK Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record 
and, save where required by applicable law, the Trustee does not intend to update the Final Terms to reflect 
any change in the registration status of the administrator.

--- Page 15 ---
CONTENTS 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
2 
RISK FACTORS 
9 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
24 
STRUCTURE DIAGRAM AND CASHFLOWS 
25 
FORM OF THE CERTIFICATES 
27 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
29 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
38 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
70 
DESCRIPTION OF THE TRUSTEE 
71 
DESCRIPTION OF SHARJAH ISLAMIC BANK PJSC 
73 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
106 
MANAGEMENT OF SHARJAH ISLAMIC BANK PJSC 
109 
THE UNITED ARAB EMIRATES BANKING SECTOR AND PRUDENTIAL REGULATIONS 
117 
OVERVIEW OF THE PRINCIPAL TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS 
128 
TAXATION 
142 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
144 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
149

--- Page 16 ---
2 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following is an overview of the principal features of the Programme. This overview does not contain all of the 
information that an investor should consider before investing in Certificates and is qualified in its entirety by the 
remainder of this Base Prospectus and the applicable Final Terms. Each investor should read the entire Base 
Prospectus and the applicable Final Terms carefully, especially the risks of investing in Certificates issued under 
the Programme discussed under “Risk Factors”. 
This overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of Commission 
Regulation (EC) No. 2019/980. 
Words and expressions defined in “Structure Diagram and Cashflows”, “Form of the Certificates” and “Terms 
and Conditions of the Certificates” shall have the same meanings in this overview. 
Issuer and Trustee: 
SIB Sukuk Company III Limited, an exempted company 
incorporated with limited liability under the laws of the Cayman 
Islands with registered number 276136 and its registered office at 
MaplesFS Limited, P.O. Box 1093, Queensgate House, Grand Cayman 
KY1-1102, Cayman Islands. The Trustee has been incorporated solely 
for the purpose of participating in the transactions contemplated by the 
Transaction Documents (as defined below) to which it is a party. 
Issuer and Trustee's Legal Entity 
Identifier: 
549300VEBV0EQP2FCP08 
Seller and Service Agent: 
Sharjah Islamic Bank PJSC 
Seller and Service Agent's Legal Entity 
Identifier: 
254900ZQNTQPRR3WFS97 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Trustee’s ability to fulfil its 
obligations under Certificates issued under the Programme, and SIB’s 
obligations under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party. In 
addition, there are certain factors which are material for the purpose of 
assessing the market risks associated with Certificates issued under the 
Programme. All of these factors are set out under “Risk Factors” above. 
Ownership of the Trustee: 
The authorised share capital of the Trustee is U.S.$50,000 
consisting of 50,000 shares of U.S.$1 each, of which 250 shares are fully 
paid up and issued. The Trustee’s entire issued share capital is held by 
MaplesFS Limited on trust for charitable purposes. 
Administration of the Trustee: 
The affairs of the Trustee are managed by MaplesFS Limited (the 
Corporate Administrator), who provide, amongst other things, 
certain administrative services for and on behalf of the Trustee pursuant 
to an amended and restated corporate services agreement dated on or 
about 30 September 2021 between the Trustee and the Corporate 
Administrator (the Corporate Services Agreement). The Corporate 
Administrator’s registered office is P.O. Box 1093, Queensgate House, 
Grand Cayman KY1-1102, Cayman Islands. 
Arranger: 
Standard Chartered Bank 
Dealer: 
Standard Chartered Bank 
 
and any other Dealer appointed from time to time either generally in 
respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular Series of 
Certificates. 
Delegate: 
Citicorp Trustee Company Limited. Pursuant to the Master Trust 
Deed, the Trustee shall delegate to the Delegate certain of the present 
and future duties, powers, trusts, authorities and discretions vested in the 
Trustee by certain provisions of the Master Trust Deed. In particular,

--- Page 17 ---
3 
 
the Delegate shall be entitled to (and, in certain circumstances, shall, 
subject to being indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its 
satisfaction, be obliged to) take enforcement action in the name of the 
Trustee against the Seller and/or the Service Agent and/or SIB following 
a Dissolution Event. 
Principal Paying Agent and Transfer 
Agent:  
Citibank N.A., London Branch 
Registrar: 
Citibank Europe plc 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each Series denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which comply 
with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements from time to time (see “Subscription and Sale”). 
Programme Size: 
Up to U.S.$3,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described in the Programme Agreement) outstanding at 
any time. The Trustee and SIB may increase the size of the Programme 
in accordance with the terms of the Programme Agreement. 
Issuance in Series: 
The Certificates will be issued in Series, the specific terms of which will 
be completed in the applicable Final Terms. 
Distribution: 
Certificates may be distributed by way of private or public 
placement and in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, any 
currency agreed between the Trustee, SIB and the relevant Dealer. 
Maturities: 
 
The Certificates will have such maturities as may be agreed 
between the Trustee, SIB and the relevant Dealer, subject to such 
minimum or maximum maturities as may be allowed or required from 
time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any 
laws or regulations applicable to the Trustee or the relevant Specified 
Currency. 
Issue Price: 
Certificates may be issued at any price on a fully paid basis, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. The price and amount of 
Certificates to be issued under the Programme will be determined by 
the Trustee, SIB and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue in 
accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Form of Certificates: 
The Certificates will be issued in registered form as described in 
“Form of the Certificates”. The Certificates of each Series will be 
represented on issue by ownership interests in a Global Certificate 
which will be deposited with, and registered in the name of a nominee 
of, a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Ownership interests in each Global Certificate will be shown on, and 
transfers thereof will only be effected through, records maintained by 
each relevant clearing system and its participants. Definitive 
Certificates evidencing holdings of Certificates will be issued in 
exchange for ownership interests in a Global Certificate only in limited 
circumstances. 
Clearance and Settlement: 
Holders of the Certificates must hold their interest in the relevant 
Global Certificate in book-entry form through Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. Transfers within and between Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be in accordance with the usual 
rules and operating procedures of the relevant clearance systems.

--- Page 18 ---
4 
 
Face Amount of Certificates: 
The Certificates will be issued in such face amounts as may be agreed 
between the Trustee, SIB and the relevant Dealer save that the minimum 
face amount of each Certificate will be such amount as may be allowed 
or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent 
body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified 
Currency, see “Certain Restrictions” above, and save that the minimum 
face amount of each Certificate admitted to trading on a regulated 
market within the European Economic Area or the United Kingdom or 
offered to the public in a Member State of the European Economic Area 
or the United Kingdom in circumstances which would require the 
publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation or the UK 
Prospectus Regulation (as the case may be) will be €100,000 (or, if the 
Certificates are issued in a currency other than euro, the equivalent 
amount in such currency). 
Status of the Certificates:  
Each Certificate will evidence an undivided ownership interest of the 
Certificateholders in the Trust Assets of the relevant Series, will be a 
direct, unsubordinated, unsecured and limited recourse obligation of 
the Trustee and will rank pari passu, without any preference or priority, 
with all other Certificates of the relevant Series issued under the 
Programme.  
The Trust Assets of the relevant Series will be all of the Trustee’s rights, 
title, interest and benefit, present and future, in, to and under: (a) the 
relevant Portfolio; (b) the Transaction Documents (other than: (i) in 
relation to any representations given to the Trustee by SIB pursuant to 
any of the Transaction Documents and any rights which have been 
expressly waived by the Trustee in any of the Transaction Documents; 
and (ii) the covenant given to the Trustee pursuant to Clause 13.1 of the 
Master Trust Deed); (c) all monies standing to the credit of the relevant 
Transaction Account from time to time, and all proceeds of the 
foregoing listed (a) to (c) (the Trust Assets), and such Trust Assets will 
be held upon trust absolutely for the Certificateholders pro rata 
according to the face amount of Certificates held by each 
Certificateholder for the relevant Series. 
Periodic Distributions: 
Certificateholders are entitled to receive Periodic Distribution 
Amounts out of the amounts transferred to the Transaction Account 
pursuant to the terms of the Service Agency Agreement and the other 
Transaction Documents, calculated on the basis specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Redemption of Certificates: 
Unless the Certificates are previously redeemed or purchased and 
cancelled, the Certificates shall be redeemed by the Trustee at the 
relevant Dissolution Amount and on the relevant Scheduled 
Dissolution Date specified in the applicable Final Terms and the Trust 
in relation to the relevant Series will be dissolved by the Trustee. 
Dissolution Events: 
Upon the occurrence of any Dissolution Event, the Certificates may be 
redeemed in full on the Dissolution Date at the relevant Dissolution 
Amount, together with any due but unpaid Periodic Distribution 
Amount and the relevant Return Accumulation Period may be adjusted 
accordingly. See Condition 14 (Dissolution Events). 
Early Dissolution for Tax Reasons: 
Where: (a) SIB has determined that the Trustee has or will become 
obliged to pay any additional amounts in respect of the Certificates 
pursuant to Condition 11 (Taxation); or (b) SIB has or will become 
obliged to pay any additional amounts in respect of tax under the 
Service Agency Agreement, the Purchase Undertaking and/or the Sale 
Undertaking, in each case as a result of a change in the laws of a 
Relevant Jurisdiction (as defined in the Conditions) and such obligation 
cannot be avoided by the Trustee or SIB, as applicable, taking 
reasonable measures available to it, the Trustee may, following receipt

--- Page 19 ---
5 
 
of an exercise notice from SIB pursuant to the Sale Undertaking, 
redeem the Certificates in whole but not in part at an amount equal to 
the relevant Early Dissolution Amount (Tax) together with any due but 
unpaid Periodic Distribution Amounts on the relevant Dissolution Date 
and, if the Floating Periodic Distribution Provisions are specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being applicable, the Dissolution Date must 
be a Periodic Distribution Date. 
Optional Dissolution Right: 
If Optional Dissolution (Call) is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Trustee may, following receipt of an exercise notice from 
SIB pursuant to the Sale Undertaking, redeem in whole but not in part 
the Certificates of the relevant Series at the relevant Optional 
Dissolution Amount (Call) on the relevant Optional Dissolution Date 
and, if the Floating Periodic Distribution Provisions are specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being applicable, the Optional Dissolution 
Date must be a Periodic Distribution Date. 
If applicable to the relevant Series, the Optional Dissolution Date(s) 
will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For Shari’a reasons, the Optional Dissolution (Call) and the 
Certificateholder Put Right cannot both be specified as applicable in 
any single Series. 
Certificateholder Put Right: 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, Certificateholders may elect 
to redeem their Certificates on any Certificateholder Put Right Date(s) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms at an amount equal to the 
relevant Optional Dissolution Amount (Certificateholder Put) together 
with any due but unpaid Periodic Distribution Amounts in accordance 
with 
Condition 
10.4 
(Dissolution 
at 
the 
option 
of 
the 
Certificateholders). Following the payment by SIB of the relevant 
exercise price under the Purchase Undertaking, the Trustee will redeem 
the relevant Certificates on the relevant Certificateholder Put Right 
Date.  
For Shari’a reasons, the Certificateholder Put Right and Optional 
Dissolution (Call) cannot both be specified as applicable in any single 
Series. 
Cancellation of Certificates held by 
SIB and/or any of its Subsidiaries: 
Pursuant to Condition 13 (Purchase and Cancellation of Certificates), 
SIB and/or any of its Subsidiaries may at any time purchase Certificates 
in the open market or otherwise. If SIB wishes to cancel such 
Certificates purchased by it and/or any of its Subsidiaries, SIB will 
deliver those Certificates to the Principal Paying Agent for 
cancellation. SIB may also exercise its right under the Sale 
Undertaking to require the Trustee to transfer to SIB an undivided 
ownership interest (each a Cancellation Interest) in the relevant 
Portfolio with an aggregate Value no greater than the aggregate face 
amount of the Certificates so delivered to the Principal Paying Agent 
for cancellation and, upon such cancellation, the Trustee will transfer 
those Assets to SIB, all as more particularly described in the Sale 
Undertaking. Each Cancellation Interest will be calculated as the ratio, 
expressed as a percentage, of the aggregate outstanding face amount 
of the relevant Certificates to be cancelled to the aggregate face 
amount of the Certificates outstanding immediately prior to the 
cancellation of such Certificates. 
Asset Substitution: 
SIB may substitute Assets in accordance with the relevant provisions 
of the Sale Undertaking, provided that no Dissolution Event has 
occurred and is continuing, the substitute assets are Assets and the 
Value of such substitute assets shall have an aggregate Value which is 
not less than the aggregate Value of the Assets to be so substituted.

--- Page 20 ---
6 
 
Withholding Tax: 
All payments by SIB under, or pursuant to, the Purchase 
Undertaking and Sale Undertaking and all payments by the Service 
Agent under the Service Agency Agreement shall be made without 
withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any taxes, levies, 
imposts, duties, fees, assessments or governmental charges of whatever 
nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Relevant Jurisdiction 
unless the withholding is required by law. In the event that any such 
withholding or deduction is made, SIB and/or the Service Agent, as the 
case may be, will be required to pay additional amounts so that the 
Trustee will receive the full amounts that it would have received in the 
absence of such withholding or deduction. 
All payments in respect of Certificates by the Trustee shall be made 
without withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any taxes, 
levies, imposts, duties, fees, assessments or governmental charges of 
whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Relevant 
Jurisdiction. In the event that any such withholding or deduction is 
made, the Trustee will, save in the limited circumstances provided in 
Condition 11 (Taxation), be required to pay additional amounts so that 
the holders of the Certificates will receive the full amounts that they 
would have received in the absence of such withholding or deduction. 
Negative Pledge:  
The Purchase Undertaking contains a negative pledge given by SIB. See 
“Overview of the Principal Transaction Documents – Purchase 
Undertaking”. 
Cross Default: 
The Purchase Undertaking contains a cross default provision in 
relation to SIB. See “Overview of the Principal Transaction Documents 
– Purchase Undertaking”. 
Trustee Covenants: 
The Trustee has agreed to certain restrictive covenants as set out in 
Condition 5 (Covenants). 
Ratings: 
The ratings assigned to certain Series to be issued under the 
Programme will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. A rating is 
not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities, does not address 
the likelihood or timing of repayment and may be subject to revision, 
suspension or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to the relevant 
Series of Certificates will be issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the European Union or the United Kingdom and 
registered under the CRA Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation, as 
applicable, will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms. 
Certificateholder Meetings: 
A summary of the provisions for convening meetings of 
Certificateholders of each Series to consider matters relating to their 
interests as such is set out in Condition 18 (Meetings of 
Certificateholders, 
Modification, 
Waiver, 
Authorisation 
and 
Determination). 
Tax Considerations: 
See “Taxation” for a description of certain tax considerations 
applicable to the Certificates. 
Listing and Admission to Trading: 
Application will be made in respect of each series to Euronext 
Dublin for Certificates issued under the Programme during the 12 
months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the 
Official List and for such Certificates to be admitted to trading on the 
Euronext Dublin Regulated Market. 
Application has been made to the DFSA for the Certificates issued 
under the Programme during the 12 months from the date of this Base

--- Page 21 ---
7 
 
Prospectus to be admitted to the DFSA Official List and to Nasdaq 
Dubai for such Certificates to be admitted for trading on Nasdaq Dubai. 
Certificates may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on 
other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between the 
Trustee, SIB and the relevant Dealer in relation to the Series. 
Certificates which are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any 
market may also be issued. 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant 
Certificates are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on 
which stock exchanges and/or markets. 
Transaction Documents:  
The transaction documents are the Master Trust Deed, each 
Supplemental Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, the Master Purchase 
Agreement, each Supplemental Purchase Contract, the Service Agency 
Agreement, the Purchase Undertaking, any agreement entered into 
under the Purchase Undertaking, the Sale Undertaking and any 
agreement entered into under the Sale Undertaking (each, a 
Transaction Document and, together, the Transaction Documents). 
Governing Law and Dispute 
Resolution: 
The Certificates of each Series and any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with the Certificates of each Series will 
be governed by, and construed in accordance with, English law.  
The Master Trust Deed, each Supplemental Trust Deed, the Programme 
Agreement, the Agency Agreement, the Service Agency Agreement, the 
Purchase Undertaking, the Sale Undertaking and any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with the same will be 
governed by English law. In respect of any dispute under any such 
agreement or deed to which SIB is a party, SIB has consented to 
arbitration in London under the LCIA Arbitration Rules. Any dispute 
may also be referred to the courts in England (which shall have 
exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising from such documents) 
or any other court of competent jurisdiction.  
The Master Purchase Agreement will be governed by the laws of 
Sharjah and, to the extent applicable in Sharjah, the federal laws of the 
UAE, and will be subject to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the 
Sharjah courts. Each Supplemental Purchase Contract, each Sale 
Agreement entered into under the Purchase Undertaking and each Sale 
Agreement or Transfer Agreement entered into under the Sale 
Undertaking will be governed by the laws of Sharjah or, in the case of 
Real Estate Ijara Assets located in any other Emirate, the laws of that 
Emirate and, to the extent applicable in Sharjah or, as the case may be, 
that other Emirate, the federal laws of the UAE, and will be subject to 
the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the Sharjah Courts or, as the case may 
be, the courts of that other Emirate. 
The Corporate Services Agreement will be governed by the laws of the 
Cayman Islands and will be subject to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of 
the courts of the Cayman Islands. 
Waiver of Immunity: 
To the extent that SIB may claim for itself or its assets or revenues 
immunity from jurisdiction, enforcement, prejudgment proceedings, 
injunctions and all other legal proceedings and relief and to the extent 
that such immunity (whether or not claimed) may be attributed to it or 
its assets or revenues, SIB will agree in the Transaction Documents to 
which it is a party not to claim and will irrevocably and unconditionally 
waive such immunity in relation to any legal proceedings. Further, SIB 
will irrevocably and unconditionally consent to the giving of any relief 
or the issue of any legal proceedings, including, without limitation,

--- Page 22 ---
8 
 
jurisdiction, enforcement, prejudgment proceedings and injunctions in 
connection with any legal proceedings. 
Shari’a Compliance: 
Each Transaction Document provides that, to the extent permitted by 
law, each of the Trustee (to the extent it is a party to the relevant 
Transaction Document) and SIB (to the extent it is a party to the relevant 
Transaction Document), as the case may be, agrees that it has accepted 
the Shari’a compliant nature of the Transaction Documents to which it 
is a party and further agrees that: (a) it shall not claim that any of its 
obligations under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party (or 
any provision thereof) is ultra vires or not compliant with the principles 
of Shari’a; (b) it shall not take any steps or bring any proceedings in any 
forum to challenge the Shari’a compliance of the Transaction 
Documents to which it is a party; and (c)  
none of its obligations 
under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party shall in any way 
be diminished, abrogated, impaired, invalidated or otherwise adversely 
affected by any finding, declaration, pronouncement, order or judgment 
of any court, tribunal or other body that the Transaction Documents to 
which it is a party are not compliant with the principles of Shari’a. 
Limited Recourse: 
Each Certificate represents solely an undivided ownership interest in 
the relevant Trust Assets. No payment of any amount whatsoever shall 
be made in respect of the Certificates except to the extent that funds for 
that purpose are available from the relevant Trust Assets. 
Certificateholders will otherwise have no recourse to any assets of the 
Trustee and/or its directors, officers, administrators or shareholders, or 
SIB in respect of any shortfall in the expected amounts due under the 
relevant Trust Assets to the extent the Trust Assets have been 
exhausted, following which all obligations of the Trustee shall be 
extinguished. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the 
offer or sale of Certificates in the United States, the European 
Economic Area, the United Kingdom, the Cayman Islands, Japan, the 
United Arab Emirates (excluding the Dubai International Financial 
Centre), the Dubai International Financial Centre, the Kingdom of 
Saudi Arabia, the Kingdom of Bahrain, the State of Qatar (excluding 
the Qatar Financial Centre), Singapore, Hong Kong and Malaysia. 
United States Selling Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2.

--- Page 23 ---
9 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The purchase of Certificates may involve substantial risks and is suitable only for sophisticated investors who have 
the knowledge and experience in financial and business matters necessary to enable them to evaluate the risks and 
merits of an investment in the Certificates. Before making an investment decision, prospective purchasers of 
Certificates should consider carefully, in the light of their own financial circumstances and investment objectives, 
all of the information in this Base Prospectus. 
Each of the Trustee and SIB believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in 
investing in the Certificates, but the inability of the Trustee to pay any amounts on or in connection with any 
Certificate may occur for other reasons and neither the Trustee nor SIB represents that the statements below 
regarding the risks of holding any Certificate are exhaustive. 
Although the Trustee and SIB believe that the various structural elements described in this Base Prospectus mitigate 
some of these risks for Certificateholders, there can be no assurance that these measures will be sufficient to ensure 
payment to Certificateholders of any Periodic Distribution Amount or the Dissolution Amount or any other amounts 
payable in respect of the Certificates on a timely basis or at all. There may also be other considerations, including 
some which may not be presently known to the Trustee or SIB or which the Trustee or SIB currently deems 
immaterial, that may impact any investment in the Certificates. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and reach 
their own views prior to making any investment decision. Words and expressions defined in “Terms and Conditions 
of the Certificates” shall have the same meanings in this section. 
Risk factors relating to the Trustee 
The Trustee was incorporated in the Cayman Islands on 11 March 2013 as an exempted company with limited 
liability and has a limited operating history. The Trustee will not engage in, and has not as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus engaged in, any business activity other than the issuance of the Certificates, the acquisition of the Trust 
Assets as described herein, acting in its capacity as Trustee and other activities incidental or related to the foregoing 
as required under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party. 
The Trustee's only material assets, which will be held on trust for the Certificateholders, in its capacity as Trustee, 
will be the Trust Assets, including its right to receive payments under the Transaction Documents. Therefore the 
Trustee is subject to all of the risks to which SIB is subject, to the extent that such risks could limit SIB's ability to 
satisfy in full and on a timely basis its obligations under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party (see "Risk 
factors relating to SIB and its business" for a further description of these risks). 
The ability of the Trustee to pay amounts due on the Certificates will primarily be dependent upon receipt by the 
Trustee of all amounts due under the Transaction Documents. Such amounts are to be paid by SIB. In the aggregate 
these amounts may not be sufficient to meet all claims under the Certificates and the Transaction Documents. 
Because the Trustee is a Cayman Islands company, it may not be possible for Certificateholders to effect service 
of process on it outside the Cayman Islands. 
Risks relating to SIB and its business 
Political, economic and related risks 
The UAE is seen as a relatively stable political environment. Although the UAE enjoys domestic political stability 
and generally healthy international relations, because it is located in the MENA region, there is a risk that it could 
be impacted by regional geopolitical instability. The effects of such risk and geopolitical uncertainty can be varied, 
and it is not possible to predict the occurrence of events or circumstances such as war or hostilities, or the impact 
of such occurrences, and no assurance can be given that the UAE would be able to sustain its current economic 
growth levels if adverse political events or circumstances were to occur. 
In particular, since early 2011 there has been political unrest in a range of countries in the MENA region, including 
Libya, Lebanon, the Republic of Yemen, the Republic of Iraq (Kurdistan), Syria and Palestine. This unrest has 
ranged from public demonstrations to, in extreme cases, armed conflict (including the multinational conflict with 
the Islamic State (also known as Daesh, ISIS or ISIL)) and the overthrow of existing leadership, and has given rise 
to increased political uncertainty across the region. Further, in 2015, Saudi Arabia commenced a military 
intervention in the Republic of Yemen in response to requests for assistance from the Yemeni government against 
the Al Houthi militia. The UAE was a member of this intervention before withdrawing its military in 2020. In 2021, 
Saudi Arabia proposed a ceasefire in Yemen which the Al Houthi militia provisionally accepted in March 2021.

--- Page 24 ---
10 
 
The UAE is a member of another Saudi Arabian led military coalition formed in December 2015 to combat Islamic 
extremism and, in particular, the Islamic State. Additionally, in June 2017 a number of MENA countries including 
the UAE, Saudi Arabia, Bahrain and Egypt severed diplomatic relations with the State of Qatar, citing Qatar's 
alleged support for terrorism and accusing Qatar of creating instability in the region. The termination of diplomatic 
relations included the withdrawal of ambassadors and imposing trade and travel bans. However, in January 2021, 
Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, Egypt and the UAE announced the ending of the blockade of Qatar including the restoration 
of diplomatic relations and the reopening of land and sea borders. Furthermore, since the United States withdrawal 
from its nuclear deal with Iran in 2018, there has been increased tension between these two countries. In January 
2020, the United States carried out a military strike which killed a senior Iranian military commander. As a result 
of this military strike, Iran launched missiles at a U.S. base in Iraq. More recently, in August 2020, the UAE and 
Bahrain announced the normalisation of relations with Israel but these have since been strained due to an increase 
in tensions and violence between Israel and Palestine since April 2021, which has led to fears of a full-scale war 
and resulted in further volatility in the region. 
These situations have caused significant disruption to the economies of affected countries and have had a 
destabilising effect on international oil and gas prices. Continued instability affecting the countries in the MENA 
region could adversely impact the UAE although to date there has been no significant impact on the UAE. 
Challenging economic conditions, the decline in oil prices since mid-2014 (which prices were approximately 31.9 
per cent. lower in July 2021, as compared to June 2014, according to the monthly OPEC basket price of oil) and a 
weaker real estate sector have resulted in larger budget deficits across the GCC economies coupled with reduced 
fiscal budgets and public spending (see further "– Market risk"). Additionally, in the UAE, the significant fiscal 
reforms implemented by the federal government in response to the prevailing low oil price environment have had, 
and are expected to continue to have, a significant effect on the UAE economy. The UAE federal government has 
scaled back capital transfers to government-related entities, reduced government investment, raised electricity and 
water tariffs and removed fuel subsidies. More recently, lower oil prices and the COVID-19 pandemic have resulted 
in the UAE cutting its federal spending for 2021 by approximately 5.3 per cent. as compared to 2020. Further, with 
effect from 1 January 2018, the federal government introduced a value-added tax (VAT) regime in the UAE at a 
rate of 5 per cent. as part of a broader GCC-wide agreement. Bahrain joined the GCC VAT regime on 1 January 
2019 and Oman implemented VAT on 16 April 2021. Qatar is expected to introduce VAT in 2021. Saudi Arabia, 
which implemented VAT on 1 January 2018 at the rate of 5 per cent., increased the rate to 15 per cent. effective 
from 1 July 2020.   
Furthermore, the OPEC Reference Basket price saw significant volatility throughout 2020. In addition to a fall in 
the demand for oil as a result of the spread of COVID-19, factors such as the inability of OPEC and its allies to 
efficiently reach an agreement on oil production levels had a significant impact on the price of oil in 2020. OPEC 
officials proposed a plan to the OPEC countries and other non-OPEC countries, including Russia (collectively, 
OPEC plus), to reduce global oil production by 1.5 per cent. However, the parties were unable to reach agreement 
and the three-year partnership between OPEC and major non-OPEC providers was terminated as a result. This also 
resulted in "OPEC plus" failing to extend the agreement of cutting 2.1 million barrels per day that was set to expire 
at the end of March 2020. On 7 March 2020, Saudi Arabia announced that it would raise oil output and discount 
its oil in April 2020. However, in early April 2020, "OPEC plus" announced that it had reached an agreement to 
cut production by 9.7 million barrels a day, nevertheless this action failed to support sufficiently the oil market with 
prices falling in the days following that announcement. This agreement was extended until July 2020, beyond which 
a gradual easing of the cuts was scheduled. In January 2021, OPEC and Russia agreed to a slight easing of the oil 
production cuts by 500,000 barrels per day and in July 2021 the OPEC Reference Basket reached a monthly average 
of U.S.$73.52. However, there can be no assurance that the agreement will be maintained by all relevant parties or 
achieve its stated goals or what effect the agreement will have on oil prices in the short to medium term. 
The outbreak of communicable diseases on a global scale may affect investment sentiment and result in sporadic 
volatility in global markets. The coronavirus known as COVID-19 was first identified in Wuhan, Hubei Province, 
China in late 2019. While the spread of COVID-19 has slowed in China, it has spread to many countries around 
the world. In March 2020, certain countries, including the UAE, began imposing travel restrictions, social 
distancing and other restrictions, which aim to reduce in person interactions. These measures, while designed to 
slow the spread of COVID-19, resulted in significant reductions in economic activity globally. To date, the COVID-
19 pandemic has negatively impacted the global economy, for example, it has resulted in lowered equity market 
valuations in many countries, created significant volatility and disruption in financial markets, decreased interest 
rates and increased unemployment levels, with global GDP contracting by 4.3 per cent. during 2020 according to 
data published by the World Bank. 
The impact of the pandemic on the GCC region was relatively severe due to the resultant large drop in oil prices 
and concerns over excess oil production and its storage (as discussed further below). Though some restrictive 
measures have been reduced in certain countries and economic activity has begun to recover in certain markets, it

--- Page 25 ---
11 
 
is currently unclear how long existing restrictions will be in place, the duration of possible future restrictions and 
what their ultimate impact will be on global and local economies. 
In response to the impact of the COVID-19 virus on their domestic economies, various governments around the 
world have announced fiscal stimulus packages and numerous central banks have cut interest rates. Specifically, 
on 3 March 2020, the U.S. Federal Reserve cut its target range for the federal funds rate from the range of1.50 per 
cent. and 1.75 per cent. to 1.00 per cent. and 1.25 per cent. and, on 15 March 2020, the target range was cut further 
to between 0 per cent. and 0.25 per cent. Similar cuts were announced by a number of other central banks, including 
the Bank of England which reduced interest rates to 0.1 per cent. in March 2020, and the central banks of countries 
such as Saudi Arabia and Bahrain, all of whom undertook similar action and cut their key rates in March 2020. 
Similarly, the UAE Central Bank announced that it would reduce the interest rate on certificates of deposit in line 
with the U.S. dollar rates and on 16 March 2020, the UAE Central Bank further cut the interest rate applicable to 
one-week certificates of deposit by 75 basis points from 1.00 per cent. to 0.25 per cent. and reduced rates applicable 
to the interim margin lending facility and the collateralised murabaha facility by 50 basis points to 50 basis points 
above the repurchase rate for UAE Central Bank certificates of deposits. 
 
The continued impact of the COVID-19 pandemic is dependent on future developments, which are highly uncertain 
and cannot be predicted, including the scope and duration of the pandemic and further actions taken by 
governmental authorities and other third parties in response to the pandemic. 
 
There can be no assurance that either the economic performance of, or political stability in, the countries in which 
SIB currently operates or may in the future operate can or will be sustained. Whilst SIB believes that it has 
implemented the appropriate policies, systems and processes to control and mitigate these risks (see further 
"Description of Sharjah Islamic Bank PJSC – Risk Management"), investors should note that a worsening of current 
financial market conditions, instability in certain sectors of the UAE or regional economy or major political 
upheaval therein could lead to further decreases in investor and consumer confidence, further market volatility and 
decline, further economic disruption, further decline in real estate markets and, as a result, could have a material 
adverse effect on SIB's business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects and thereby affect its ability 
to perform its obligations under the Transaction Documents. 
Liquidity risk 
Liquidity risk is the risk that SIB may be unable to meet its payment obligations when they fall due under normal 
and stressed circumstances. Liquidity risks could arise from the inability of SIB to fund an increase in assets and 
meet obligations as they become due (structural funding risk) or the inability to convert assets into cash at 
reasonable prices (market liquidity risk). The risk arises from mismatches in the amount and timings of cash flows. 
A dislocated credit environment creates the risk that SIB will not be able to access funds on favourable terms. For 
instance, although SIB has access to a diverse liquidity pool, including in the form of deposits, interbank financial 
transactions, syndicated financing and capital market instruments, the movement of global interest rates can cause 
a negative effect on liquidity (see "– Market risk" and "– Political, economic and related risks" in relation to current 
instability of interest rates across global markets, including in light of the COVID-19 outbreak). Moreover, although 
SIB considers that it has adequate access to sources of funding, the withdrawal of a significant proportion of its 
largest deposits may have an adverse on SIB's liquidity position (see further "– Concentration Risk"). These and 
other factors could also lead creditors to form a negative view of SIB's liquidity, which could result in less 
favourable credit ratings, higher funding costs and less accessible funds. Furthermore, in circumstances where 
financial institutions generally have ongoing limitations on their access to other sources of funding such as 
wholesale market derived funding, SIB's access to funds and its cost of funding (profit paid or expected to be paid) 
may be adversely affected. All of these factors related to liquidity risk could have a material adverse effect on SIB's 
business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects and thereby affect its ability to perform its 
obligations under the Transaction Documents. 
Liability mismatch risk 
As at 31 December 2020, 69.18 per cent. of SIB's customers' deposits, including short-term profit-sharing 
investment accounts, carried a maturity of less than three months. There may therefore be a potential mismatch in 
the asset and liability profile of SIB. The existence of maturity profile mismatches may increase SIB's vulnerability 
to price competition as SIB may face increased liquidity risks to the extent that SIB becomes unable to offer an 
adequate rate of return to customers. This could have a material adverse effect on SIB's business, financial 
condition, results of operations or prospects and thereby affect its ability to perform its obligations under the 
Transaction Documents.

--- Page 26 ---
12 
 
Credit risk 
Credit risk is the risk that one party to a financial instrument will fail to discharge an obligation and cause the other 
party to incur a financial loss. Credit risks arise from adverse changes in the credit quality and recoverability of 
financings, advances and amounts due from counterparties are inherent in the business of SIB. In particular, SIB is 
exposed to credit risk through financing receivables, ijarah receivables, balances with banks and financial 
institutions, international murabaha and wakalah with financial institutions, other assets (except prepayments and 
assets available for sale) and investments in debt instruments. 
Credit risks could arise from a deterioration in the credit quality of specific counterparties of SIB, from a general 
deterioration in local or global economic conditions or from systemic risks within the financial systems, all of 
which could affect the recoverability and value of the assets of SIB which would require an increase in the 
provisions for the impairment of its assets and other credit exposures. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the 
prevailing unstable macro-economic climate has prompted reduced fiscal budgets and lower public spending plans 
in recent years in the UAE and across the GCC economies, with particular concerns around the ongoing impact of 
the volatility of global crude oil prices, the effects of the economic slowdown in emerging markets generally and 
the COVID-19 outbreak (see further "– The UAE's economy is highly dependent upon its oil revenues" and "– 
Political, economic and related risks").  
As a result of these recent adverse market conditions (see "- Market risk"), certain customers to which SIB directly 
extends credit and counterparties of SIB may experience decreased revenues, financial losses, insolvency, difficulty 
in obtaining access to financing and increased funding costs and some of these companies have been unable to meet 
their service obligations or other expenses as they become due, including amounts payable to SIB. For instance, 
the COVID-19 outbreak has had, and continues to have, a significant adverse effect on the businesses of customers 
and counterparties of SIB in the aviation, hospitality, real estate and retail sectors. This has resulted in SIB 
recognising total impairment on financial assets – net of recoveries of AED 256 million for the year ended 31 
December 2020 as compared to AED 97 million for the year ended 31 December 2019. Although SIB maintains a 
credit risk management strategy (see further "Description of Sharjah Islamic Bank PJSC – Risk Management"), 
there can be no assurance that such measures eliminate or reduce, or will continue to eliminate or reduce, credit 
risks. Accordingly, SIB may experience a higher level of credit defaults (including non-performing financings and 
consequential increases in impairment allowances for doubtful financings and advances) in the immediate future, 
which could have a material adverse effect on SIB's business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects 
and thereby affect its ability to perform its obligations under the Transaction Documents. 
A substantial increase in new impairment allowances or losses greater than the level of previously recorded 
impairment allowances for doubtful financing and advances to customers would adversely affect SIB's results 
of operations and financial condition 
In connection with financing activities, SIB periodically establishes impairment allowances for financing losses, 
which are recorded in its income statement. SIB's overall level of impairment allowances is based upon its 
assessment of prior loss experience, the volume and type of financing being conducted, collateral held, industry 
standards, past due financings, economic conditions and other factors related to the recoverability of various 
financings. Although SIB endeavours to establish an appropriate level of impairment allowances based on its best 
estimate of the amount of incurred loss, it may have to significantly increase its impairment allowances for 
financing losses in the future as a result of increases in non-performing assets, deteriorating economic conditions 
leading to increases in defaults and bankruptcies, or for other reasons. For more information, see "- Political, 
economic and related risks" and note 4(i) (Key accounting estimates and judgements – Impact of COVID-19 – 
Credit risk management) to the H1 2021 Financial Statements. Any significant increase in impairment allowances 
for financing losses or a significant change in SIB's estimate of the risk of loss inherent in its portfolio of non-
impaired financings, as well as the occurrence of financing losses in excess of the impairment allowances allocated 
with respect thereto, would have an adverse effect on its business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Concentration risk 
Concentrations arise when a number of counterparties are engaged in similar business activities or activities in the 
same geographic region or have similar economic features that would cause their ability to meet contractual 
obligations to be similarly affected by changes in economic, political or other conditions. Concentrations in the 
financing and deposit portfolio of SIB subject it to further credit risks in the form of default by its larger clients, 
exposure to particular sectors of the UAE economy and/or withdrawal of large deposits. Concentration of credit 
risk by (a) industrial sector for investment in Islamic financing and (b) geographical distribution are set out in the 
2020 Financial Statements (which are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus). 
In addition, SIB's 10 largest private sector clients represented 15 per cent. of SIB's gross investments in Islamic 
financing (which refers to SIB's investment in Islamic financiang before loss allowance) as at 31 December 2020.

--- Page 27 ---
13 
 
As at 31 December 2020, SIB's largest funded exposure to a private sector client was AED 1,102 million, which 
constituted 3.6 per cent. of SIB's gross investments in Islamic financing (as at 31 December 2020) and 14.1 per 
cent. of its total regulatory capital (total regulatory capital being AED 7.8 billion as at 31 December 2020). 
In terms of the industry concentration of SIB's financing portfolio, as at 31 December 2020, financing to individuals 
(including high net worth individuals) accounted for 38 per cent. of SIB's gross investments in Islamic financing 
(compared to 21 per cent. as at 31 December 2019), the Government of Sharjah (the Government), other local 
governments and their respective dependencies accounted for 35 per cent. (compared to 27 per cent. as at 31 
December 2019), trade and manufacturing accounted for 8 per cent. (compared to 9 per cent. as at 31 December 
2019), construction and real estate combined accounted for 13 per cent. (compared to 29 per cent. as at 31 December 
2019) and other sectors accounted for 7 per cent. (compared to 14 per cent. as at 31 December 2019).  
As at 31 December 2020, SIB's wholesale banking customers represented 83.5 per cent. of its combined total 
customers' deposits (compared to 82.6 per cent. as at 31 December 2019). Although SIB considers that it has 
adequate access to sources of funding, the withdrawal of a significant portion of these large deposits may have an 
adverse effect on the financial condition and results of operations of SIB as well as its ability to meet the UAE 
Central Bank capital adequacy requirements.  
A downturn in the fortunes of any of SIB's depositors or in the sectors in which they operate, such as aviation, 
hospitality, real estate and retail (for example, as a result of the COVID-19 outbreak discussed in "– Political, 
economic and related risks" and "- Credit risk"), could have an adverse effect on the business, results of operations, 
financial condition and prospects of SIB. 
Further, investors should note that SIB is incorporated in, and has all of its material operations and assets located 
in, the UAE. SIB has no material operations or assets outside of the UAE. Accordingly, SIB may have insufficient 
assets located outside the UAE to satisfy in whole or in part any judgment obtained from an English court relating 
to amounts owing in connection with the Certificates. If investors were to seek enforcement of an English judgment 
in the UAE or to bring proceedings in relation to the Certificates in the UAE, then certain limitations would apply 
(see further "Risk factors relating to enforcement" and "Risk factors relating to the Assets – Transfer of the Assets"). 
 
Additionally, as all of SIB's material operations and assets are located in the UAE, its business may be affected by 
the financial, political and general economic conditions prevailing from time to time in the UAE and/or the Middle 
East (see further "– Political, economic and related risks"). Investors are advised to make, and will be deemed by 
the Dealers, the Delegate, the Agents and SIB to have made, their own investigations in relation to such factors 
before making any investment decisions in relation to the Certificates. The UAE and Middle East markets are 
subject to greater risks than more developed markets, including in some cases significant legal, economic and 
political risks. Accordingly, investors should exercise particular care in evaluating the risks involved and must 
decide for themselves whether, in the light of those risks, their investment is appropriate. Generally, investment is 
only suitable for sophisticated investors who fully appreciate the significance of the risk involved. 
Market risk 
Market risk refers to the risk that SIB's income and/or value of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of 
changes in market rates such as profit rates, foreign exchange rates and market prices of equity. SIB is exposed to 
market risk through its diverse financial instruments including sukuk, equities, investment funds and foreign 
currencies. 
SIB, in common with other financial institutions, is susceptible to changes in the macro-economic environment and 
the performance of financial markets generally. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, global debt and equity 
markets continue to be adversely impacted by the ongoing volatility in the macro-economic climate. For instance, 
the prevailing macro-economic climate has prompted reduced fiscal budgets and lower public spending plans in 
recent years in the UAE and across the GCC economies, with particular concerns around the ongoing impact of the 
volatility of global crude oil prices, the effects of the economic slowdown in emerging markets generally, the impact 
of the COVID-19 outbreak (see further "- Political, economic and related risks" below), and the broader impact 
thereof on global debt and equity markets, as well as the current uncertainty of interest rates across global markets. 
Contributing factors to such uncertainty include the decisions between December 2015 and December 2018, of the 
U.S. Federal Reserve to increase U.S. overnight interest rates by an aggregate 225 basis points (in nine separate 
increments of 25 basis points each). In 2019 and 2020, the U.S. Federal Reserve then lowered the U.S. overnight 
interest rate by an aggregate 75 basis points (in three separate increments of 25 basis points each), and in response 
to the COVID-19 outbreak, the U.S. Federal Reserve rates were lowered to effectively zero per cent., with similar 
actions being taken by a number of central banks globally including the UAE Central Bank as discussed in "- 
Political, economic and related risks". Any future movements in such rates could further exacerbate the reduced 
liquidity environment. Additionally, the pressures faced by regional oil producing countries in response to the

--- Page 28 ---
14 
 
volatility of oil prices to remove the foreign exchange "peg" of their domestic currencies to the U.S. dollar poses 
systemic risks to the banking systems in the GCC (see further "– Foreign exchange movements may adversely affect 
the profitability of SIB"). 
The performance of global financial markets has also been affected by the hostile economic environment, with 
international equity markets being particularly impacted by the economic slowdown in emerging markets generally 
and volatility in the Chinese economy in particular, where economic growth slowed during 2020 to 2.3 per cent. of 
GDP (source: World Bank). These volatile market conditions have resulted in reduced liquidity, widening of credit 
spreads and lack of price transparency in credit and capital markets. 
These adverse market conditions have impacted investment markets both globally and in the UAE, with increased 
volatility in interest rates and exchange rates. The business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects 
of SIB may be materially adversely affected by these trends and may be further materially adversely affected by a 
continuation of the general unfavourable economic conditions in the other countries of the GCC and emerging 
markets generally as well as by United States, European and international trading market conditions and/or related 
factors. 
Although SIB has implemented market risk limits and regularly monitors its exposure, it is not possible to eliminate 
market risks entirely, and major fluctuations in profit rates, foreign exchange rates or market prices of equity could 
have a material adverse effect on SIB's business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects and thereby 
affect its ability to perform its obligations under the Transaction Documents. 
Foreign exchange movements may adversely affect the profitability of SIB 
SIB maintains its financial statements and reports its results in UAE dirham. The UAE dirham has been pegged at 
a fixed exchange rate to the U.S. dollar since 22 November 1980 and remains pegged as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus. 
In response to the continuing volatility in oil prices, certain regional oil producing countries that have traditionally 
"pegged" their domestic currencies to the U.S. dollar have faced pressure to remove these foreign exchange "pegs". 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, each of Kazakhstan and Azerbaijan have chosen to unwind the U.S. dollar 
peg of their domestic currencies. While the likelihood of the GCC states pursuing a similar course of action is 
unclear (the UAE Central Bank has publically stated its intention to retain the UAE dirham peg against the U.S. 
dollar), there remains a risk that any such future de-pegging by the GCC states (in the event that the current 
challenging market conditions persist for a prolonged period) would pose a systemic risk to the regional banking 
systems by virtue of the inevitable de-valuation of any such de-pegged currency against the U.S. dollar and the 
impact this would have on the open cross-currency positions held by regional banks, including SIB. Further, any 
de-pegging could adversely impact SIB's net profit margins and funding costs. As at 31 December 2020, 92.7 per 
cent. of SIB's total financings were denominated in U.S. dollars (97.3 per cent. as at 31 December 2019). 
Should any of the foregoing materialise, this could have a material adverse effect on SIB's business, financial 
condition, results of operations or prospects and thereby affect its ability to perform its obligations under the 
Transaction Documents. 
Limited profitability 
SIB maintains a conservative outlook towards its growth plans which are based on a prudent risk management 
approach of increasing the size of its financing portfolio and investment securities (predominantly sukuk 
investments) by focusing only on medium to long term financing with a limited number of counterparties. Whilst 
this is a prudent approach that is consistent with SIB's cautious attitude to risk, the maintenance of a small financing 
portfolio may restrict SIB's potential to maximise profit, which could have a material adverse effect on SIB's 
business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects and thereby affect its ability to perform its 
obligations under the Transaction Documents. 
Impact of regulatory changes and legal risk 
Legal risk is the risk of losses occurring due to legal or regulatory action that invalidates or otherwise precludes 
performance by SIB or any of its counterparties under the terms of its contractual agreements. Additionally, SIB 
may face certain legal risks from private actions brought against it. 
SIB is subject to the laws, regulations, administrative actions and policies in the UAE. These regulations may limit 
SIB's activities and changes in supervision and regulation could materially adversely affect SIB's business, the 
products or services offered, the value of its assets, and its financial condition. Future changes in regulatory, fiscal,

--- Page 29 ---
15 
 
taxation or other policies which have a material adverse effect on the businesses, results of operations, financial 
condition and prospects of SIB cannot be predicted and are beyond the control of SIB. For example, Federal Law 
No. (14) of 2018 Regarding the Central Bank & Organization of Financial Institutions and Activities (the 2018 
Federal Law) (Article 116) indicates that the UAE Central Bank shall establish a resolution framework for 
financial institutions, pursuant to which, in the case of a deficiency in an institution's financial position, the UAE 
Central Bank may take certain actions for the protection of the concerned institution and its depositors. These may 
include (without limitation) requesting a court to liquidate or declare bankrupt such institution, or prepare a plan 
for transfer of its assets and liabilities, in accordance with established laws. The timing and content for any such 
framework are uncertain. The exercise (or perceived likelihood of exercise) of any such action by the UAE Central 
Bank or any suggestion of such exercise could materially adversely affect the value of the Certificates and could 
lead to holders losing some or all of their investment in the Certificates. 
In addition, the UAE Central Bank has recently issued a high volume of new regulations and standards, some of 
which are already in effect and others which will become effective in the near future. In particular, new regulations 
and standards have been proposed that cover consumer protection and Islamic financing. As part of the process of 
introducing internal controls and action plans to comply with the UAE Central Bank's regulations and standards, 
such actions may have an adverse effect on SIB's business, results of operations and financial condition. 
As a participant in the regulated financial services industry, it is likely that SIB may experience, from time to time, 
a level of litigation and regulatory scrutiny related to its businesses and operations which may, if adversely 
determined, have a material adverse effect on SIB's business, reputation, financial condition, results of operations 
or prospects and thereby affect its ability to perform its obligations under the Transaction Documents. 
If the Trustee or SIB fails to comply with applicable anti-money laundering, anti-terrorism financing, sanctions 
and other related regulations, it could face fines and damage to its reputation 
The Trustee and SIB are required to comply with applicable anti-money laundering, anti-terrorism financing laws, 
sanctions and other regulations. These laws and regulations require the Trustee and SIB, among other things, to 
adopt and enforce KYC policies and procedures and to report suspicious and large transactions to the applicable 
regulatory authorities. The Trustee and SIB have adopted KYC/AML policies and procedures and reviews them 
regularly in light of any relevant regulatory and market developments. To the extent the Trustee or SIB may fail to 
fully comply with applicable laws and regulations, the relevant government agencies to which it reports have the 
power and authority to impose fines and other penalties on the Trustee or SIB, as applicable. In addition, the Trustee 
and SIB's business and reputation could suffer if customers use the Trustee or SIB for money laundering or other 
illegal purposes. 
The UAE's economy is highly dependent upon its oil revenues 
Although the UAE has a more diversified economy than most of the other countries in the GCC, the UAE's economy 
is highly dependent upon its oil and affiliated sectors' revenues. According to OPEC data, as at 31 December 2019, 
the UAE had approximately 6.3 per cent. of the world's proven crude oil reserves (giving it the seventh largest oil 
reserves in the world) (source: OPEC Annual Statistical Bulletin 2020) while, according to preliminary data 
produced by The Federal Competitiveness and Statistics Centre, the hydrocarbon sector (mining and quarrying 
(including crude oil and natural gas)) accounted for 25 per cent. of the UAE's GDP in 2019 and oil and gas revenues 
accounted for 41.2 per cent. of total public revenues in 2019. According to the OPEC website, the price of the 
OPEC Reference Basket has fluctuated significantly in recent years, although with some recovery to a monthly 
average price of U.S.$73.52 per barrel in July 2021. The OPEC Reference Basket price has seen significant 
volatility throughout 2020 (see further "Political, economic and related risks") and in April 2020, the OPEC 
Reference Basket price was U.S.$17.64. Continued volatility in international prices for hydrocarbon could have a 
material adverse effect on SIB's clients, customers and depositors and therefore on SIB's business, financial 
condition, results of operations or prospects and thereby affect its ability to perform its obligations under the 
Transaction Documents. 
Oil prices have fluctuated in response to changes in many factors over which SIB has no control. These factors 
include, but are not limited to: 
 
(in the near-to-medium term) the effect of COVID-19 on global economic activity and the demand for oil and 
gas; 
 
economic and political developments in oil producing regions, particularly in the Middle East; 
 
global and regional supply and demand dynamics, and expectations regarding future supply and demand, for 
oil products;

--- Page 30 ---
16 
 
 
the ability of members of OPEC and other crude oil producing nations to agree upon and maintain specified 
global production levels and prices; 
 
the impact of international environmental regulations designed to reduce carbon emissions; 
 
other actions taken by major crude oil producing or consuming countries; 
 
prices and availability of alternative fuels, global economic and political conditions, prices and availability of 
new technologies using alternative fuels; and 
 
global weather and environmental conditions. 
Principal shareholders and Governmental interests 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Government holds, directly and indirectly, 37.55 per cent. and Kuwait 
Finance House holds 18.18 per cent. of the share capital of SIB. By virtue of such shareholding in SIB, the 
Government has the ability to influence the business of SIB through its ability to control actions that require 
shareholder approval. If circumstances were to arise where the interests of the Government conflict with the 
interests of the Certificateholders, the latter could be disadvantaged. The Government could, for example, cause 
SIB to pursue transactions, make dividend payments or other distributions or payments to shareholders or undertake 
other actions to implement governmental policy rather than to foster the commercial interests of SIB. The 
Government has publicly declared that it is exploring ways to rationalise and consolidate entities in the financial 
services sector based in the Emirate, which may result in the consolidation of one or more such entities. 
The Government may, whether directly or through government-owned entities, at any time and for any reason, 
dispose of its investments in, withdraw its deposits from, cease to do business with or otherwise cease to support 
SIB, which could have a material adverse effect on SIB's business, results of operations, financial condition and 
prospects. 
The Government does not explicitly or implicitly guarantee the financial obligations of SIB (including in respect 
of the Certificates to be issued) nor does it, like any other shareholder, have any legal obligation to provide any 
support or additional funding for SIB's future operations. 
Competition 
SIB faces competition in all of its business areas from domestic and foreign banks operating in the UAE. SIB faces 
competition from both Islamic banks and conventional banks. 
The UAE could be viewed as an over-banked market, even by regional standards, with 58 commercial banks 
licensed to operate inside the UAE as at 30 June 2021 (source: UAE Central Bank), serving a population estimated 
to be in the region of 9.9 million people at the end of 2020 (source: Statistical Yearbook 2020 edition, United 
Nations Department of Economic and Social Affairs, Statistics Division). There has traditionally been little impetus 
for consolidation. However, the mergers between National Bank of Abu Dhabi P.J.S.C. and First Gulf Bank 
P.J.S.C., which was consummated on 30 March 2017, and Abu Dhabi Commercial Bank P.J.S.C., Union National 
Bank P.J.S.C. and Al Hilal Bank P.J.S.C., which was consummated on 1 May 2019, are anticipated to stimulate 
further moves towards greater consolidation amongst UAE banks. In addition, in January 2020, Dubai Islamic Bank 
P.J.S.C. completed the acquisition of Noor Bank P.J.S.C. Such mergers are likely lead to a significant alteration of 
the competitive environment with fewer, larger locally incorporated banks competing for the larger financing 
transactions in the region with the foreign banks, which have tended to have comparatively larger franchises, with 
greater infrastructure and resources with which to absorb capital costs, such as information technology system 
development. 
Generally, the banking market in the UAE has been a relatively protected market with high regulatory and other 
barriers to entry for foreign financial institutions. However, should some of these barriers be removed or eased in 
the future, either voluntarily or as a result of the UAE's obligations to the World Trade Organisation (the WTO), 
the GCC or any other similar entities, it is likely to lead to a more competitive environment for SIB and other 
domestic financial institutions. Such increase in competition could have a material adverse effect on SIB's business, 
financial condition, results of operations or prospects and thereby affect its ability to perform its obligations under 
the Transaction Documents (see further "Description of Sharjah Islamic Bank PJSC – SIB's Competition"). 
Risk factors relating to enforcement 
UAE Bankruptcy Law

--- Page 31 ---
17 
 
In the event of SIB's insolvency, UAE bankruptcy law may adversely affect SIB's ability to perform its obligations 
under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party and, consequently, the Trustee's ability to perform its 
obligations in respect of the Certificates and to make payments to Certificateholders. There is little precedent to 
predict how claims by or on behalf of Certificateholders and/or the Delegate against SIB would be resolved and 
therefore there can be no assurance that Certificateholders will receive payment of their claims in full or at all in 
these circumstances. 
Enforcement risk 
Ultimately, the payments under the Certificates are dependent upon SIB making payments to the Trustee in the 
manner contemplated under the Transaction Documents. If SIB fails to do so, it may be necessary to bring an action 
against it to enforce its obligations and/or to claim damages, as appropriate, which may be costly and time 
consuming. 
Furthermore, to the extent that the enforcement of remedies must be pursued in the UAE, it should be borne in 
mind that there is limited scope for self-help remedies under UAE law and that generally enforcement of remedies 
in the UAE must be pursued through the courts. 
SIB has irrevocably agreed that each of the Master Trust Deed, each Supplemental Trust Deed, the Agency 
Agreement, the Service Agency Agreement and the Purchase Undertaking (the Relevant Documents) will be 
governed by English law and that any dispute arising from such documents will, unless the option to litigate has 
been exercised, be referred to arbitration in London under the LCIA Arbitration Rules. The 1958 New York 
Convention on the Recognition and Enforcement of Foreign Arbitral Awards (the New York Convention) entered 
into force in the UAE on 19 November 2006. In the absence of any other multilateral or bilateral enforcement 
convention, an arbitration award rendered in London should be enforceable in Sharjah in accordance with the terms 
of the New York Convention. Under the New York Convention, the UAE has an obligation to recognise and enforce 
foreign arbitration awards, unless the party opposing enforcement can prove one of the grounds under Article V of 
the New York Convention to refuse enforcement, or the Sharjah courts find that the subject matter of the dispute is 
not capable of settlement by arbitration or enforcement would be contrary to the public policy of the UAE. There 
have been limited instances where the UAE courts, most notably the Fujairah Court of First Instance and the Dubai 
Court of Cassation, have ratified or ordered the recognition and enforcement of foreign arbitration awards under 
the New York Convention. 
How the New York Convention provisions would be interpreted and applied by the UAE courts in practice and 
whether the UAE courts will enforce a foreign arbitration award in accordance with the New York Convention (or 
any other multilateral or bilateral enforcement convention), remains largely untested. The uncertainty regarding the 
interpretation and application of the New York Convention provisions by the UAE courts is further reinforced by 
the lack of a system of binding judicial precedent in the UAE and the independent existence of different emirates 
within the UAE, some with their own court systems independent of the federal system, and whose rulings may have 
no more than persuasive force within other emirates. Although there are examples of foreign arbitral awards being 
enforced in the UAE under the New York Convention, there are other cases where the enforcement of foreign 
arbitral awards have been refused, with, for example, the relevant judge confusing the requirements for the 
enforcement of domestic awards with the requirements for the enforcement of foreign awards under the UAE 
Federal Law No. 1 of 1992 as amended, or ignoring the provisions of Article 238 of Federal Law No. 11 of 1992 
(as amended by Federal Law No. 30 of 2005). Federal Cabinet Resolution No. 57 of 2018 (the Resolution) governs 
the enforcement of foreign arbitral awards. The Resolution confirms that arbitral awards issued in a foreign state 
may be enforced in the UAE and that the conditions for enforcement of foreign arbitral awards set out in the New 
York Convention take precedence over the Resolution. There remains a risk that notwithstanding the Resolution or 
the terms of an applicable multilateral or bilateral enforcement convention, the UAE courts may in practice still 
consider and apply the grounds set out in Federal Law No. 6 of 2018 (the UAE Arbitration Law) related to the 
enforcement of domestic arbitral awards (as provided in Articles 52 to 57 of the UAE Arbitration Law) to the 
enforcement of any non-UAE arbitral award. The UAE Arbitration Law and the Resolution are both new and it is 
unclear how they will be applied by the UAE courts in practice. Accordingly, there is a risk that a non-UAE arbitral 
award will be refused enforcement by the UAE courts. 
Under the Conditions and the Relevant Documents, any dispute may also be referred by certain parties (other than 
SIB) to the courts in England or any other court(s) of competent jurisdiction. Where an English judgment has been 
obtained, there is no assurance that SIB has or would at the relevant time have assets in the United Kingdom against 
which such a judgment could be enforced. SIB is a UAE company and is incorporated in and has all of its material 
operations and assets located in the UAE. Under current UAE law, the UAE courts (including courts of Sharjah) 
are unlikely to enforce an English judgment without first re-examining the merits of the claim and may not observe 
the choice by the parties of English law as the governing law of the Relevant Documents or the Certificates. In the 
UAE, foreign law is required to be established as a question of fact and the interpretation of English law, by a court

--- Page 32 ---
18 
 
in the UAE, may not accord with the interpretation by an English court. In principle, courts in the UAE recognise 
the choice of foreign law if they are satisfied that an appropriate connection exists between the relevant transaction 
agreement and the foreign law which has been chosen. However, even if English law is accepted as the governing 
law, this will only be applied to the extent that it is compatible with the laws of Sharjah, the UAE and public policy, 
order or morals in the UAE. This may mean that the Sharjah courts may seek to interpret English law governed 
documents as if governed by UAE law and there can therefore be no certainty that in those circumstances the 
Sharjah courts would give effect to such documents in the same manner as the parties may intend or uphold an 
agreement to resolve any disputes by arbitration contained in such documents. The enforcement of a foreign 
judgment or arbitral award may be a lengthy process in the UAE. In addition, in the event that a dispute is referred, 
for whatever reason, to the courts in Sharjah, the related document(s) may not be enforceable or admissible in 
evidence before such courts unless translated into Arabic. In the event of a conflict between the English text and 
the Arabic text, the courts in Sharjah would rely on the Arabic version. 
As stated above, the UAE judicial system is based on a civil code and judicial precedents in the UAE have no 
binding effect on subsequent decisions. In addition, there is no formal system of reporting court decisions in the 
UAE. These factors create greater judicial uncertainty than would be expected in some other jurisdictions. 
Waiver of sovereign immunity 
SIB has in the Transaction Documents waived its rights, if any, to sovereign immunity. However, there can be no 
assurance as to whether such waivers of immunity from suit, execution or attachment or other legal process by SIB 
under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party are valid and binding under the laws of the UAE and 
applicable in Sharjah. 
Risk factors relating to the Certificates  
The regulation and reform of benchmarks may adversely affect the value of Certificates linked to such 
benchmarks. 
LIBOR, EURIBOR and other indices which are deemed to be benchmarks are the subject of recent national, 
international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective 
while others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in 
the past, or to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence 
could have a material adverse effect on any Certificates linked to such a benchmark. 
The Benchmarks Regulation applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark 
and the use of a benchmark, within the EU. Among other things it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be 
authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or 
endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not 
authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The UK Benchmarks Regulation applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a 
benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the UK. It, among other things, (i) requires benchmark administrators 
to be authorised or registered (or, if non-UK based, to be subject to an quivalent regime or otherwise recognised or 
endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by UK supervised entities of benchmakrs of administrators that are not 
authorised or registered (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
Any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. 
Specifically, the sustainability of LIBOR has been questioned as a result of the absence of relevant active underlying 
markets and possible disincentives (including possibly as a result of benchmark reforms) for market participants to 
continue contributing to such benchmarks. The FCA has indicated through a series of announcements that the 
continuation of LIBOR on the current basis cannot and will not be guaranteed after 2021. On 5 March 2021, ICE 
Benchmark Administration Limited (IBA), the administrator of LIBOR, published a statement confirming its 
intention to cease publication of all LIBOR settings, together with the dates on which this will occur, subject to the 
FCA exercising its powers to require IBA to continue publishing such LIBOR settings using a changed 
methodology (the IBA announcement). Concurrently, the FCA published a statement on the future cessation and 
loss of representatives of all LIBOR currencies and tenors, following the dates on which IBA has indicated it will 
cease publication (the FCA announcement). Permanent cessation will occur immediately after 31 December 2021 
for all Euro and Swiss Franc LIBOR tenors and certain Sterling, Japanese Yen and US Dollar LIBOR settings and 
immediately after 30 June 2023 for certain other US Dollar LIBOR settings. In relation to the remaining LIBOR

--- Page 33 ---
19 
 
settings (1-month, 3-month and 6-month Sterling, US Dollar and Japanese Yen LIBOR settings), the FCA will 
consult on, or continue to consider the case for, using its powers to require IBA to continue their publication under 
a changed methodology for a further period after end-2021 (end-June 2023 in the case of US Dollar LIBOR). The 
FCA announcement states that consequently, these LIBOR settings will no longer be representative of the 
underlying market that such settings are intended to measure immediately after 31 December 2021, in the case of 
the Sterling and Japanese Yen LIBOR settings and immediately after 30 June 2023, in the case of the USD LIBOR 
settings. Any continued publication of the Japanese Yen LIBOR settings will also cease permanently at the end of 
2022.  
Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) discourage market 
participants from continuing to administer or contribute to such benchmark; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or 
methodologies used in the benchmarks; or (iii) lead to the disappearance of the benchmark. Any of the above 
changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international, national or other proposals for reform or 
other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of any return on any Certificates 
linked to a benchmark.  
The Conditions provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a Benchmark Event occurs, including, 
if an original Reference Rate and/or any page on which an original Reference Rate may be published, (or any other 
successor service) becomes unavailable or a Benchmark Event, otherwise occurs. The IBA announcement and FCA 
announcement referred to above each constitutes such a Benchmark Event. This will have triggered certain of the 
fallback arrangements although, the consequences of such fallbacks being triggered are not immediately effective 
under the Conditions. Such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the Rate (or the relevant component 
part thereof) could be set by reference to a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate, with or without the 
application of an Adjustment Spread, and may include amendments to the Conditions, the Master Trust Deed and/or 
any other Transaction Document to ensure the proper operation of the successor or replacement benchmark, all as 
determined by an Independent Adviser (following consultation with SIB), acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, and without the requirement for the consent or sanction of Certificateholders. An 
Adjustment Spread, if applied, is a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) or formula or methodology for 
calculating a spread which (a) in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided as 
an option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate 
by any Relevant Nominating Body (which may include a relevant central bank, supervisory authority or group of 
central banks/supervisory authorities), or (b) (if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an 
Alternative Reference Rate) the Independent Adviser determines is customarily applied to the relevant Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital markets transactions to 
produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the original Reference Rate, or (c) (if the Independent Adviser 
determines that no such spread, formula or methodology is customarily applied) the Independent Adviser 
determines is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative 
transactions which reference the original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Reference Rate, as the case may be, or (d) (if the Independent Adviser determines that there is 
no such industry standard) the Independent Adviser  determines in their sole discretion to be appropriate. 
Accordingly, the application of an Adjustment Spread may result in the Certificates performing differently (which 
may include payment of a lower Rate) than they would do if the original Reference Rate were to continue to apply 
in its current form. If no Adjustment Spread can be determined, a Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate 
may nonetheless be used to determine the Rate (or the relevant component part thereof). The use of a Successor 
Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (including with or without the application of an Adjustment Spread) may still 
result in any Certificates linked to or referencing an original Reference Rate performing differently (which may 
include payment of a lower Rate) than they would if the original Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its 
current form. 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, no Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate is determined, 
the ultimate fallback for the purposes of the calculation of the Rate (or the relevant component part thereof) for the 
relevant immediately following Return Accumulation Period may result in the use of a Rate (or the relevant 
component part thereof) equal to the sum of the Margin and the rate (or as the case may be) the arithmetic mean 
last determined in relation to the Certificates in respect of a preceding Return Accumulation Period. Due to the 
uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor Rates and Alternative Reference Rates, the involvement of an 
Independent Adviser and the potential for further regulatory developments, there is a risk that the relevant fallback 
provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential risks 
imposed by the Benchmarks Regulation or UK Benchmarks Regulation reforms, investigations and licensing issues 
in making any investment decision with respect to the Certificates linked to a benchmark. 
Absence of secondary market/limited liquidity

--- Page 34 ---
20 
 
There is no assurance that a secondary market for the Certificates of any Series will develop or, if it does develop, 
that it will provide the Certificateholders with liquidity of investment or that it will continue for the life of those 
Certificates. Accordingly, a Certificateholder may not be able to find a buyer to buy its Certificates readily or at 
prices that will enable the Certificateholder to realise a desired yield. The market value of Certificates may fluctuate 
and a lack of liquidity, in particular, can have a material adverse effect on the market value of the Certificates. 
Accordingly, the purchase of Certificates is suitable only for investors who can bear the risks associated with a lack 
of liquidity in the relevant Certificates and the financial and other risks associated with an investment in the relevant 
Certificates. An investor in Certificates must be prepared to hold the relevant Certificates for an indefinite period 
of time or until their maturity. Application has been made for the listing of certain Series to be issued under the 
Programme on Euronext Dublin and Nasdaq Dubai but there can be no assurance that any such listing will occur 
or will enhance the liquidity of the Certificates of the relevant Series. 
The Certificates are limited recourse obligations 
The Certificates to be issued under the Programme are not debt obligations of the Trustee. Instead, the Certificates 
represent an undivided ownership interest solely in the relevant Trust Assets. Recourse to the Trustee in respect of 
each Series is limited to the Trust Assets of that Series and proceeds of such Trust Assets are the sole source of 
payments on the relevant Certificates. Upon the occurrence of a Dissolution Event, the sole rights of each of the 
Delegate and, through the Delegate, the Certificateholders of the relevant Series will be against SIB to perform its 
obligations under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party.  
Certificateholders will have no recourse to any assets of the Trustee or SIB in respect of any shortfall in the expected 
amounts due under the relevant Trust Assets. SIB is obliged to make certain payments under the Transaction 
Documents to which it is a party directly to the Trustee, and the Delegate will have direct recourse against SIB to 
recover such payments due to the Trustee pursuant to the Transaction Documents to which it is a party.  
No Certificateholder shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Trustee and/or SIB unless (i) the Delegate 
having become bound so to proceed, fails to do so within a reasonable period of becoming so bound and such 
failure is continuing; and (ii) the relevant Certificateholder (or such Certificateholder together with the other 
Certificateholders who propose to proceed directly against the Trustee or SIB, as the case may be) holds at least 
one-fifth of the then aggregate outstanding face amount of the Certificates pertaining to the relevant Series. There 
is no assurance that the net proceeds of the realisation of any enforcement action with respect to the Trust Assets 
(which will be by way of enforcing SIB’s and the Trustee’s respective obligations under the Transaction Documents 
to which they are a party) will be sufficient to make all payments due in respect of the relevant Certificates. After 
enforcing or realising the rights in respect of the Trust Assets of a Series and distributing the net proceeds of such 
Trust Assets in accordance with Condition 4.2 (Application of Proceeds from the Trust Assets), the obligations of 
the Trustee in respect of the Certificates of the relevant Series shall be satisfied and neither the Delegate nor any 
Certificateholder may take any further steps against the Trustee to recover any further sums in respect of such 
Certificates and the right to receive any such sums unpaid shall be extinguished. Furthermore, under no 
circumstances shall the Trustee, the Delegate or any Certificateholder have any right to cause the sale or other 
disposition of any of the Trust Assets except pursuant to the Transaction Documents (which includes the Purchase 
Undertaking). The sole right of the Trustee, the Delegate and the Certificateholders against SIB shall be to enforce 
the obligation of SIB to perform its obligations under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party. 
The Trust may be subject to early dissolution and, in consequence, the Certificates may be redeemed early 
In the event that the amount payable on the Certificates of any Series is required to be increased to include additional 
amounts in certain circumstances and/or SIB is required to pay additional amounts pursuant to certain Transaction 
Documents, in each case as a result of certain changes affecting taxation in the Cayman Islands (in the case of the 
Trustee) or the UAE (in the case of SIB), or in each case any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein 
having power to tax, the Trustee may redeem all but not some only of the Certificates upon giving notice in 
accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the relevant Certificates. 
If so provided in the applicable Final Terms, a Series may be redeemed early at the option of the Trustee. Any such 
early redemption feature of any Certificate is likely to limit its market value. During any period when the Trustee 
may elect to redeem Certificates, the market value of those Certificates generally will not rise substantially above 
the dissolution amount payable. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. The Trustee may be expected 
to redeem Certificates when SIB’s cost of inward financing is lower than the profit rate on the Certificates. At those 
times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective profit rate as high 
as the profit rate on the Certificates being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. 
Potential investors should consider re-investment risk in light of other investments available at that time.

--- Page 35 ---
21 
 
Risk factors relating to the Assets  
Ownership of the Assets 
In order to comply with the requirements of Shari’a, an ownership interest in the Assets comprised within the 
relevant Portfolio will pass to the Trustee under the relevant Purchase Agreement. The Trustee will declare a trust 
in respect of such Portfolio and the other Trust Assets in favour of the Certificateholders of the relevant Series 
pursuant to the relevant Trust Deed. Accordingly, Certificateholders will, through the ownership interest of the 
Trustee, have an ownership interest in the relevant Portfolio unless the transfer of the Portfolio is prohibited by, or 
ineffective under, any applicable law (see “Transfer of the Assets” below). 
No investigation or enquiry will be made and no due diligence will be conducted in respect of any Assets comprised 
within any Portfolio and in particular, no investigation will be made as to whether SIB is in actual or constructive 
possession, custody or control of any of the Assets at any time. Such Assets will be selected by SIB and the 
Certificateholders, the Trustee and the Delegate will have no ability to influence such selection. Only limited 
representations will be obtained from SIB in respect of the Assets of any Series. In particular, the precise terms of 
the Assets will not be known (including whether there are any restrictions on transfer or any further obligations 
required to be performed by SIB to give effect to the transfer of the Assets). No steps will be taken to perfect the 
transfer of the ownership interest (including registration) in the Assets with any relevant regulatory authority in the 
UAE or otherwise give notice to any lessee or obligor in respect thereof. 
In addition, if and to the extent that a third party is able to establish a direct claim against the Trustee, the Delegate 
or any Certificateholders on the basis of any ownership interest in the Assets of any Series, SIB has agreed in the 
relevant Trust Deed to indemnify the Trustee, the Delegate and the Certificateholders against any such liabilities 
except as may result from the Trustee's or Delegate's wilful default, gross negligence or fraud. In the event that SIB 
is unable to meet any such claims then the Certificateholders may suffer losses in excess of the original face amount 
invested. 
Transfer of the Assets 
No investigation has been or will be made as to whether (i) any Assets may be transferred as a matter of the law 
governing the contracts (if any) underlying such Assets, the law of the jurisdiction where such assets are located or 
any other relevant laws or (ii) SIB has or will continue to have actual or constructive possession, custody or control 
of any of the Assets. No investigation will be made to determine if the relevant Purchase Agreement will have the 
effect of transferring the Assets of the relevant Series of Certificates. 
Nevertheless, as indicated earlier, although, in order to comply with the requirements of Shari’a, an ownership 
interest in the Assets comprised within the relevant Portfolio will pass to the Trustee under the relevant Purchase 
Agreement, the Certificateholders will not have any rights of enforcement as against the Assets and their rights are 
limited to enforcement against SIB of its obligation to purchase the Assets pursuant to the terms of the Purchase 
Undertaking. Accordingly, any such restriction on the ability of SIB to perfect the sale of the Assets to the Trustee 
is likely to be of limited consequence to the rights of the Certificateholders. 
Limitations relating to the indemnity provisions under the Purchase Undertaking and the Master Trust Deed  
SIB has undertaken in the Purchase Undertaking and the Master Trust Deed that if: 
(a) 
at the time of delivery of the exercise notice in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase 
Undertaking, SIB (acting in any capacity) remains in actual or constructive possession, custody or control 
of all or any part of the Portfolio; and 
(b) 
following delivery of the exercise notice in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase Undertaking, 
the Portfolio Exercise Price or the Certificateholder Put Right Exercise Price is not paid in accordance 
with the provisions of the Purchase Undertaking for any reason whatsoever, 
SIB shall (as an independent, severable and separately enforceable obligation) fully indemnify the Trustee for the 
purpose of redemption in full of the relevant Certificates and, accordingly, the amount payable under any such 
indemnity claim will equal the relevant Exercise Price. 
Subject to the satisfaction of the conditions in (a) and (b) as described above, if SIB fails to pay the relevant Exercise 
Price in accordance with the Purchase Undertaking, the Delegate (on behalf of the Certificateholders) may, subject 
to the matters set out in Condition 14 (Dissolution Events) and the terms of the Master Trust Deed, seek to enforce,

--- Page 36 ---
22 
 
inter alia, the provisions of the Purchase Undertaking and the Master Trust Deed against SIB by commencing 
arbitral or judicial proceedings. 
However, investors should note that, in the event that SIB (acting in any capacity) does not have actual or 
constructive possession, custody or control of all or any part of the Assets comprising the Portfolio at the time of 
delivery of the exercise notice in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase Undertaking, the condition in (a) 
as described above will not be satisfied and, therefore, no amounts will be payable by SIB under the separate 
indemnity provisions. 
Accordingly, in such event, the Delegate (on behalf of the Certificateholders) may be required to establish that 
there has been a breach of contract by SIB in order to prove for damages. Such breach of contract may be due to 
(i) a breach by SIB of the requirement to purchase the Trustee’s rights, title, interests, benefits and entitlements in, 
to and under the Portfolio on the relevant Scheduled Dissolution Date or Dissolution Date pursuant to the provisions 
of the Purchase Undertaking; and/or (ii) a breach by SIB (acting in its capacity as Service Agent pursuant to the 
provisions of the Service Agency Agreement) of its undertaking to maintain actual or constructive possession, 
custody or control of all or any part of the Assets comprising the Portfolio, in each case in accordance with the 
terms of the relevant Asset Contracts. 
As a result, the Delegate (on behalf of the Certificateholders) may not be able to recover, or may face significant 
challenges in recovering, an amount equal to the relevant Exercise Price, and in turn, the amount payable to the 
Certificateholders upon redemption. 
Additional risk factors 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Certificates. The ratings may not 
reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the transaction structure, the market, the additional factors 
discussed above or any other factors that may affect the value of the Certificates. A credit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities, does not address the likelihood or timing of repayment and may be 
revised, suspended or withdrawn by the assigning rating agency at any time.  
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit ratings for 
regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union 
(EU) under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended), subject to transitional 
provisions that apply in certain circumstances.  Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings 
issued by non-EU credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EU-registered credit 
rating agency or the relevant non-EU rating agency is certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such 
endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional 
provisions that apply in certain circumstances).   
Investors regulated in the United Kingdom are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As 
such, United Kingdom regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the United Kingdom and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of 
ratings issued by third country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed 
by a United Kingdom registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is 
certified in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to: (a) the relevant United 
Kingdom registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended; 
and (b) transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. In the case of third country ratings, for a certain 
limited period of time, transitional relief accommodates continued use for regulatory purposes in the United 
Kingdom, of existing pre-2021 ratings, provided the relevant conditions are satisfied.  
The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by ESMA or FCA on its website in accordance with 
the CRA Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation, as applicable, is not conclusive evidence of the status of the 
relevant rating agency included in such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being 
taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA or FCA list.  Certain information 
with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this Base Prospectus. 
Certificates which have a denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination 
may be illiquid and difficult to trade 
In relation to any issue of Certificates which have a denomination consisting of the minimum Specified 
Denomination (as defined in the Conditions) plus a higher integral multiple of another smaller amount, it is possible

--- Page 37 ---
23 
 
that the Certificates may be traded in amounts in excess of such minimum Specified Denomination that are not 
integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case a Certificateholder who, as a result of 
trading such amounts, holds a face amount of less than the minimum Specified Denomination would need to 
purchase an additional amount of Certificates such that it holds an amount equal to at least the minimum Specified 
Denomination to be able to trade such Certificates. Certificateholders should be aware that Certificates which have 
a denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and difficult 
to trade. 
If a Certificateholder holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with 
the relevant clearing system at the relevant time such Certificateholder may not receive a definitive Certificate in 
respect of such holding (should definitive Certificates be printed) and would need to purchase a face amount of 
Certificates such that its holding amounts to at least a Specified Denomination in order to be eligible to receive a 
definitive Certificate. 
If definitive Certificates are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Certificates which have a denomination 
that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to trade. 
Shari’a rules 
The Internal Shari'a Supervisory Committee of SIB and the Global Shariah Supervisory Committee of Standard 
Chartered Bank have reviewed the Transaction Documents. However, there can be no assurance that the 
Transaction Documents or the issue and trading of the Certificates will be deemed to be Shari’a compliant by any 
Shari’a board or Shari’a scholars or the courts in the United Arab Emirates. None of the Trustee, SIB or the Dealers 
makes any representation as to the Shari’a compliance of the Certificates and potential investors are reminded that, 
as with any Shari’a views, differences in opinion are possible. Potential investors should obtain their own 
independent Shari’a advice as to the compliance of the Transaction Documents and the issue and trading of the 
Certificates with Shari’a principles. 
In addition, prospective investors are reminded that the enforcement of any obligations of any of the parties would, 
if in dispute, either be the subject of arbitration under English law or court proceedings under the laws of: (a) 
Sharjah and, to the extent applicable in Sharjah, the federal laws of the UAE; or (b) England and Wales. In such 
circumstances, the arbitrator or, as the case may be, judge may apply the relevant law of the Transaction Document 
in determining the obligation of the parties. In the event that proceedings take place in a court in the United Arab 
Emirates and a judge sitting in such court applies core Shari’a principles in determining the obligations of the 
parties, potential investors should also note that the pronouncement of the Shari’a advisors would not bind that 
court, and any court will have the discretion to make its own determination about whether the Transaction 
Documents and the Certificates comply with Shari’a principles.

--- Page 38 ---
24 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
The following documents which have previously been published and have been filed with the Irish Central Bank 
and the DFSA shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus:  
(a) 
the auditors' review report and the unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements of SIB 
as at and for the nine month period ended 30 September 2021 which include unaudited comparative 
financial information as at 31 December 2020 and for the nine months ended 30 September 2020, together 
with the accompanying notes thereto (available at: https://www.sib.ae/docs/default-source/default-
document-library/q3_20214af30398-813d-46cd-8912-92ea7056416f.pdf?sfvrsn=8e7cf582_1); 
(b) 
the auditors' review report and the unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements of SIB 
as at and for the six month period ended 30 June 2021 which include unaudited comparative financial 
information as at 31 December 2020 and for the six months ended 30 June 2020, together with the 
accompanying notes thereto (available at: https://www.sib.ae/docs/default-source/default-document-
library/2q_2021.pdf?sfvrsn=e4d865c9_2);   
(c) 
the auditors’ report and the audited consolidated financial statements of SIB as at and for the financial year 
ended 31 December 2020 which include unaudited comparative financial information as at and for the 
year ended 31 December 2019, together with the accompanying notes thereto (available at: 
https://www.sib.ae/docs/default-source/default-document-library/fy_2020.pdf?sfvrsn=169fe9de_4);  
(d) 
the auditors’ report and the audited consolidated financial statements of SIB as at and for the financial year 
ended 31 December 2019 which include unaudited comparative financial information as at and for the 
year ended 31 December 2018, together with the accompanying notes thereto (available at: 
https://www.sib.ae/docs/default-source/default-document-library/fy_20198d44b2bc-7449-45e8-a57c-
d29c0bb68998.pdf?sfvrsn=20c89c4d_1); and    
(e) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Certificates contained on pages 35 to 66 (inclusive) in the base prospectus 
dated 28 May 2020 prepared by the Trustee in connection with the Programme (available at: https://ise-
prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_5e6923b5-
e057-4008-9420-a1a2dc2a5d2f.PDF).   
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus, a supplement may be prepared by the Trustee and approved by 
the Irish Central Bank in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained in any 
such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable 
(whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this 
Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Any statement so 
modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus.  
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus can be obtained from the registered office 
of the Trustee and from the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent for the time being in London.  
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus shall not form part of this Base Prospectus.  
Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein are either deemed not relevant for an investor or are 
otherwise covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.  
The Trustee and SIB will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating 
to information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Certificates, 
prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any 
subsequent issue of Certificates.

--- Page 39 ---
25 
 
STRUCTURE DIAGRAM AND CASHFLOWS 
Set out below is a simplified structure diagram and description of the principal cash flows underlying each Series 
issued. Potential investors are referred to the terms and conditions of the Certificates and the detailed descriptions 
of the relevant Transaction Documents and the terms and conditions of the Certificates set out elsewhere in this 
Base Prospectus for a fuller description of certain cash flows and for an explanation of the meaning of certain 
capitalised terms used below. 
Structure Diagram 
 
Payments by the Certificateholders and the Trustee 
On the Issue Date of each Tranche of Certificates, the Trustee will use the proceeds for the relevant Series to purchase 
from SIB a portfolio (the Initial Portfolio) of: (a) real estate assets (Real Estate Ijara Assets) (including the related 
real estate ijara contracts and all rights thereunder; provided, however, that such real estate asset is in existence on the 
date on which it purchases the relevant Initial Portfolio); (b) non-real estate ijara assets (including the related non-real 
estate ijara contracts and all rights thereunder; provided, however, that such non-real estate asset is in existence on the 
date on which it enters the relevant Initial Portfolio) (each such asset, a Non-Real Estate Ijara Asset, and together 
with the Real Estate Ijara Assets, each an Ijara Asset); (c) any asset, other than an Ijara Asset, which is an income 
generating asset (including, without limitation, any sukuk or trust certificates) that (i) has associated with it underlying 
tangible assets; and (ii) is originated, held or owned by SIB in accordance with the Shari’a principles laid down by 
SIB’s Internal Shari'a Supervisory Committee (including any agreements or documents relating to such asset) (each 
such asset, an Other Tangible Asset and, together with the Ijara Assets, each a Tangible Asset or an Asset). 
The Assets, together with all amounts credited to the Principal Collection Account, which comprise the portfolio 
from time to time are together referred to in this Base Prospectus as the Portfolio. The Service Agent will be 
appointed as service agent to service each Portfolio under the terms of the Service Agency Agreement. 
Periodic Distribution Payments 
Prior to each Periodic Distribution Date, the Service Agent will pay to the Trustee (by way of a payment into the 
relevant Transaction Account) an amount reflecting returns generated (other than returns in the nature of sale, capital 
SIB as Seller of Portfolio of Assets 
comprising Tangible Assets  
SIB as Service Agent 
SIB as Purchaser of Assets 
SIB Sukuk Company III Limited  
(as Issuer and Trustee) 
Certificateholders 
Service Agency 
Agreement 
Master Trust 
Deed (and 
Supplemental 
Trust Deed) 
Portfolio 
Income 
Revenues 
Master Purchase 
Agreement 
Sale Price 
Assets under each Supplemental 
Purchase Contract 
Proceeds of 
Certificates 
Periodic 
Distribution 
Amounts and 
Dissolution 
Amounts 
 
Sale 
Undertaking 
Purchase 
Undertaking 
Certificates
Exercise Price/ 
Cancellation 
of Certificates 
Key:  
= cash flows

--- Page 40 ---
26 
 
or principal payments) by the relevant Portfolio (Portfolio Income Revenues) during the relevant Distribution Period, 
which is intended to be sufficient to fund the Periodic Distribution Amounts payable by the Trustee under the relevant 
Series and shall be applied by the Trustee for that purpose. 
In the event that the Portfolio Income Revenues to be paid by the Service Agent into the relevant Transaction 
Account on any Distribution Determination Date are greater than the Required Amount (as defined below) (having 
first paid: (a) any Liquidity Facility, and/or (b) any Service Agency Liability Amounts (as defined below) for the 
relevant Distribution Period) for the relevant Series on the immediately following Periodic Distribution Date, the 
amount of any excess shall be retained by the Service Agent as a reserve and credited to a separate book-entry 
ledger account (in respect of each Series, the Income Reserve Collection Account) maintained by the Service 
Agent. 
If there is a shortfall on any Distribution Determination Date (after transfer of the Portfolio Income Revenues into the 
relevant Transaction Account as described above) between: (a) the amounts standing to the credit of the relevant 
Transaction Account, and (b) an amount (the Required Amount) equal to the aggregate of the Periodic Distribution 
Amounts and any other amounts payable by the Trustee in respect of the relevant Certificates on the immediately 
following Periodic Distribution Date (a Shortfall), the Service Agent shall first apply the amounts standing to the 
credit of the relevant Income Reserve Collection Account (if any) towards such Shortfall by transferring into the 
relevant Transaction Account from such Income Reserve Collection Account on that Distribution Determination Date 
an amount equal to the Shortfall (or such lesser amount as is then standing to the credit of such Income Reserve 
Collection Account). If, having applied such amounts standing to the credit of the relevant Income Reserve Collection 
Account (if any) and after payment to the relevant Transaction Account of all other amounts payable pursuant to any 
other Transaction Document, any part of the Shortfall still remains, the Service Agent may either: 
(a) 
provide Shari’a compliant funding to the Trustee itself; or 
(b) 
procure Shari’a compliant funding from a third party to be paid to the Trustee, 
in each case in the amount required to ensure that there is no Shortfall and on terms that such funding is settled 
from Portfolio Income Revenues in the future or from Portfolio Revenues on the date on which the Certificates of 
the relevant Series are redeemed in full (each a Liquidity Facility). 
Dissolution Payments 
On each Scheduled Dissolution Date, the Trustee will have the right under the Purchase Undertaking to require SIB 
to purchase all of the Trustee’s rights, title, interests, benefits and entitlements in, to and under the relevant 
Portfolio. The exercise price payable by SIB is intended to fund the Final Dissolution Amount payable by the 
Trustee under the relevant Certificates. 
The Trust in relation to any Series may be dissolved prior to the relevant Scheduled Dissolution Date for the following 
reasons: (a) redemption following a Dissolution Event; (b) an early redemption for tax reasons; (c) if so specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, at the option of the Trustee (following the receipt of an exercise notice from SIB in 
accordance with the terms of the Sale Undertaking) on an Optional Dissolution Date; and (d) if so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, at the option of the Certificateholders on any Certificateholder Put Right Date. 
In the case of sub-paragraphs (a) to (c) above inclusive, the amounts payable by the Trustee on the due date for 
dissolution will be funded in a similar manner as for the payment of the Final Dissolution Amount. Upon the 
exercise by Certificateholders of the redemption right described in sub-paragraph (d), the Trustee will redeem the 
relevant Certificates on the Certificateholder Put Right Date at the Optional Dissolution Amount 
(Certificateholder Put). Any such redemption shall be funded through the exercise by the Trustee of its right under 
the Purchase Undertaking to require SIB to purchase all of the Trustee’s rights, title, interests, benefits and 
entitlements in, to and under a portion of the relevant Portfolio with an aggregate Value (as defined below under 
“Overview of the Principal Transaction Documents – Service Agency Agreement”) no greater than the aggregate 
face amount of the Certificates to be redeemed.

--- Page 41 ---
27 
 
FORM OF THE CERTIFICATES 
The Certificates of each Series will be in registered form. Certificates will be issued outside the United States to 
persons who are not U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S. 
Global Certificates 
Each Series will initially be represented by a global certificate in registered form (a Global Certificate). Global 
Certificates will be deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and Clearstream 
Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg) and will be registered in the name of a nominee for the common 
depositary. Persons holding beneficial interests in Global Certificates will be entitled or required, as the case may 
be, under the circumstances described below, to receive physical delivery of definitive Certificates in fully 
registered form (Definitive Certificates).  
Holders of ownership interests in a Global Certificate will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the relevant 
Certificates. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by the relevant 
clearing system and its participants to appoint appropriate proxies 
Payments to registered holder 
Payments of any amount in respect of each Global Certificate will, in the absence of any provision to the contrary, 
be made to the person shown on the relevant Register (as defined in Condition 1.2 (Register)) as the registered 
holder of the relevant Global Certificate. None of the Trustee, the Delegate, any Paying Agent or the Registrar will 
have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to payments made on account of ownership 
interests in the Global Certificates or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such 
ownership interests. 
Payment of any amounts in respect of Certificates in definitive form will, in the absence of any provision to the 
contrary, be made to the persons shown on the relevant Register on the relevant Record Date (as defined in Condition 
8.1 (Payments in respect of the Certificates)) immediately preceding the due date for payment in the manner provided 
in the Conditions. 
Exchange for definitives 
Interests in a Global Certificate will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for definitive 
Certificates only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. The Trustee will promptly give notice to 
Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) if an Exchange Event occurs. For these purposes, 
Exchange Event means that: (i) a Dissolution Event (as defined in Condition 14 (Dissolution Events)) has occurred 
and is continuing; or (ii) the Trustee has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been 
closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or 
have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and, in any such case, no 
successor clearing system satisfactory to the Trustee is available. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange 
Event, any of the Trustee or Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder 
of an interest in such Global Certificate) may give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange. 
In such circumstances, the relevant Global Certificate shall be exchanged in full for Definitive Certificates and the 
Trustee will, at the cost of the Trustee (but against such indemnity as the Registrar or any relevant Transfer Agent 
may require in respect of any tax or other duty of whatever nature which may be levied or imposed in connection 
with such exchange), cause sufficient Definitive Certificates to be executed and delivered to the Registrar within 
15 days following the request for exchange for completion and dispatch to the relevant Certificateholders. A person 
having an interest in a Global Certificate must provide the Registrar with a written order containing instructions 
and such other information as the Trustee and the Registrar may require to complete, execute and deliver such 
Definitive Certificates. 
General 
For so long as any of the Certificates are represented by a Global Certificate held on behalf of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being 
shown in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular face amount of such 
Certificates in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to 
the face amount of such Certificates standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all 
purposes (save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Trustee, the Delegate and their respective agents 
as the holder of such face amount of such Certificates for all purposes other than with respect to any payment on such

--- Page 42 ---
28 
 
face amount of such Certificates, for which purpose the registered holder of the relevant Global Certificate shall be 
treated by the Trustee, the Delegate and their respective agents as the holder of such face amount of such Certificates 
in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Certificate and the expressions Certificateholder 
and holder of Certificates and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement, the Principal Paying Agent shall arrange that, where a further tranche is issued 
which is intended to form a single Series with an existing tranche at a point after the Issue Date of the further 
tranche, the Certificates of such further tranche shall be assigned a Common Code and ISIN Code which are 
different from the Common Code and ISIN Code assigned to Certificates of any other tranche of the same Series 
until such time as the tranches are consolidated and form a single Series. 
Interests in a Certificate may, subject to compliance with all applicable restrictions, be transferred to a person who 
wishes to hold such interest in another Certificate. No beneficial owner of an interest in a Certificate will be able 
to transfer such interest, except in accordance with the applicable procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, to the extent applicable. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be 
deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.

--- Page 43 ---
29 
 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes of 
[the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Certificates has led to 
the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Certificates is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each 
as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Certificates to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Certificates (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Certificates (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes of 
[the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Certificates has led to 
the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Certificates is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the United 
Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients as 
defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA) / (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Certificates 
to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommend the Certificates (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer ['s/s'] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to UK MiFIR is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Certificates (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.]  
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289 of Singapore) (the SFA)  –
[Notice to be included if classification of the Certificates is not "prescribed capital markets products", pursuant to Section 
309B of the SFA and Excluded Investment Products, as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of 
Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products.]] 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS1 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Series issued under the Programme. 
[Date] 
SIB Sukuk Company III Limited  
Legal Entity Identifier:  549300VEBV0EQP2FCP08 
 
Issue of [Aggregate Face Amount of Series] [Title of Certificates]  
under the U.S.$3,000,000,000 
Trust Certificate Issuance Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the Base 
Prospectus dated 20 December 2021 [and the supplement[s] dated [•] [and [•]] which [together] constitute[s] a base 
prospectus (the Base Prospectus) [for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation)2]. This 
document constitutes the Final Terms of the Certificates described herein [for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus 
Regulation3] and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. 
Full information on the Trustee and Sharjah Islamic Bank PJSC (SIB) and the offer of the Certificates is only available 
on the basis of a combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. The Base Prospectus 
[as so supplemented] is available for viewing during normal business hours at the registered office of the Trustee at P.O. 
Box 1093, Queensgate House, Grand Cayman, KY1-1102, Cayman Islands and copies may be obtained from the 
registered office of the Principal Paying Agent at Citibank N.A., London Branch, Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, 
Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB, United Kingdom. [The Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] has been published in 
accordance 
with 
the 
Prospectus 
Regulation 
on 
the 
website 
of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
                                                          
1 All references to Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 should be deleted if an issuance of Certificates is not Prospectus Regulation 
compliant.  
2 To be deleted in the event that the Certificates are unlisted. 
3 To be deleted in the event that the Certificates are unlisted.

--- Page 44 ---
30 
 
(https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin) 
and 
the 
Dubai 
Financial 
Service 
Authority’s 
website 
(https://www.dfsa.ae/DFSA-Listing-Authority/Approved-Documents).5]]6 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of, and shall be read in conjunction with [the 
terms and conditions contained in the Master Trust Deed dated 28 May 2020 (the 2020 Conditions) and set forth in the 
base prospectus dated 28 May 2020 which are incorporated by reference into the base prospectus dated 20 December 
2021 (the Base Prospectus). This document constitutes the applicable Final Terms of the Certificates described herein 
for the purposes of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation) and must be read in conjunction with 
the 2020 Conditions, the Base Prospectus [and the supplement[s] thereto dated [●]] which [together] constitute[s] a base 
prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.  
Full information on the Trustee and Sharjah Islamic Bank PJSC (SIB) and the offer of the Certificates is only available 
on the basis of a combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. The 2020 Conditions 
and the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] is available for viewing during normal business hours at the registered 
office of the Trustee at P.O. Box 1093, Queensgate House, Grand Cayman, KY1-1102, Cayman Islands and copies may 
be obtained from the registered office of the Principal Paying Agent at Citibank N.A., London Branch, Citigroup Centre, 
Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB, United Kingdom. [The 2020 Conditions and the Base Prospectus [as 
so supplemented] has been published in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation on the website of Euronext Dublin 
(https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin) 
and 
the 
Dubai 
Financial 
Service 
Authority’s 
website 
(https://www.dfsa.ae/DFSA-Listing-Authority/Approved-Documents).]]7  
1. 
Issuer and Trustee: 
SIB Sukuk Company III Limited 
 
2. 
Service Agent: 
Sharjah Islamic Bank PJSC 
 
3. 
(a) Series Number: 
(b) Tranche Number: 
[•] 
[•]/Not applicable 
 
4. 
Specified Currency: 
[•] 
 
5. 
Aggregate Face Amount of: 
(a) Series: 
(b) Tranche: 
(c) Date on which the Certificates will be 
consolidated and form a single Series: 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[The Certificates will be consolidated and form a 
single Series with [•] on [the Issue Date]/[the date that 
is 40 days after the Issue Date]/[Not Applicable] 
 
6. 
Issue Price: 
100 per cent. of the Aggregate Face Amount [plus 
[Specified Currency] [•] in respect of [•] days of 
accrued Periodic Distribution amounts from (and 
including) [•] to (but excluding) the Issue Date] 
 
7. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations:  
[•] 
 
(b) 
Calculation Amount: 
[•] 
 
8. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
 
(b) 
Return Accrual Commencement 
Date: 
[•] / [Issue Date] 
 
9. 
Scheduled Dissolution Date: 
[•] 
 
                                                          
4 To be deleted in the event that the Certificates are unlisted.  
5 To be deleted in the event that the Certificates are unlisted.  
6 To be deleted in the event it is an issuance under the 2020 Conditions. 
7 To be deleted in the event it is not an issuance under 2020 Conditions.

--- Page 45 ---
31 
 
10. 
Periodic Distribution Amount Basis: 
[[•] per cent. Fixed Periodic Distribution Amount] [[•] 
+/– [•] per cent. Floating Periodic Distribution 
Amount] 
 
11. 
Dissolution Basis: 
Dissolution at par 
 
12. 
Change of Periodic Distribution Basis: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
13. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Not Applicable]/[Certificateholder Put 
Right]/[Optional Dissolution (Call)] 
 
14. 
Status: 
Unsubordinated 
 
15. 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated]/[Non-syndicated] 
 
16. 
Date of Board Approval for issue of 
Certificates obtained: 
[•] in the case of the Trustee 
[•] in the case of SIB 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO PERIODIC DISTRIBUTIONS PAYABLE 
17. 
Fixed Periodic Distribution Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(a)  
Rate[s]: 
[•] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi 
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear] 
 
(b)  
Periodic Distribution Date(s): 
[•] in each year up to and including the Scheduled 
Dissolution Date 
 
(c)  
Fixed Amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(d)  
Broken Amount(s): 
[[•] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Periodic 
Distribution Date falling [in]/[on] [•]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]/[30/360] 
 
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[•] in each year]/[Not Applicable] 
 
18. 
Floating Periodic Distribution Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(a)  
Specified Periodic Distribution 
Dates: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(b)  
Specified Period: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(c) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention]/[Following Business Day 
Convention]/[Modified Following Business Day 
Convention]/[Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
(d)  
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(e) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) is/are 
to be determined: 
Screen Rate Determination (Condition 7.3 (Screen 
Rate Determination)) applies 
 
(f)  
Screen Rate Determination: 
Applicable 
 
 
(i)  
Reference Rate: 
[•] month [[currency] LIBOR / EURIBOR / SHIBOR 
/ HIBOR / KIBOR / KLIBOR / EIBOR / SIBOR /

--- Page 46 ---
32 
 
SAIBOR / TRLIBOR / TRYLIBOR / AUD LIBOR / 
JPY LIBOR / CHF LIBOR] 
(ii) 
Periodic Distribution 
Determination Date: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
 
(iv) 
Relevant Time:  
[•] 
 
 
(g) 
Linear Interpolation 
[Not Applicable] / [Applicable – the Rate for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Return Accumulation 
Period shall be calculated using Linear 
Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
return accumulation period)] 
 
 
(h) 
Margin: 
[+/-][•] per cent. per annum 
 
(i) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual / Actual (ISDA)] / [[Actual / Actual] / 
Actual/365 (Fixed)] / [Actual/365 (Sterling)] / 
[Actual/360] / [30/360] / [360/360] / [Bond 
Basis] / [30E/360] / [Eurobond Basis] / [30E/360 
(ISDA)] 
 
 
(j) 
Calculation Agent: 
 
[Principal Paying Agent / [•]] 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO DISSOLUTION 
19. 
Optional Dissolution (Call): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(a) 
Optional Dissolution Amount (Call): 
[Final Dissolution Amount]/[[•] per Calculation 
Amount] 
(b) 
Optional Dissolution Amount (Call) 
Percentage: 
[•] per cent. 
(c) 
Optional Dissolution Date: 
[•]/[Any Periodic Distribution Date] 
20. 
Certificateholder Put Right: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(a) 
Optional Dissolution Amount 
(Certificateholder Put): 
 
[Final Dissolution Amount]/[[•] per Calculation 
Amount] 
(b) 
Optional Dissolution Amount 
(Certificateholder Put) Percentage: 
[•] per cent. 
(c) 
Certificateholder Put Right Date(s): 
[•]/[Any Periodic Distribution Date] 
21. 
Final Dissolution Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
22. 
Early Dissolution Amount (Tax): 
[Final Dissolution Amount]/[[•] per Calculation 
Amount] 
23. 
Dissolution Amount pursuant to Condition 14 
(Dissolution Events):  
[Final Dissolution Amount]/[[•] per Calculation 
Amount] 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE CERTIFICATES

--- Page 47 ---
33 
 
24. 
Form of Certificates: 
Registered Certificates  
Global Certificate exchangeable for Certificates in 
definitive registered form in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Global Certificate 
25. 
Additional Financial Centres: 
[•]/[Not applicable] 
 
PROVISIONS IN RESPECT OF THE TRUST ASSETS 
26. 
Assets on the Issue Date: 
The 
Initial 
Portfolio 
as 
scheduled 
to 
the 
Supplemental Purchase Contract specified below 
under the section headed “28. Other Transaction 
Document Information: (b) Supplemental Purchase 
Contract”. 
27. 
Trust Assets: 
 
Condition 4.1 (The Trust Assets) applies 
(a) 
Transaction Account: 
SIB Sukuk Company III Limited Transaction 
Account No: [•] with [•] for Series No.[•] 
(b) 
Currency: 
[•] 
28. 
Other Transaction Document Information: 
 
(a) 
Supplemental Trust Deed: 
Supplemental Trust Deed dated [•] between SIB 
Sukuk Company III Limited, SIB and the Delegate 
(b) 
Supplemental Purchase Contract: 
Supplemental Purchase Contract dated [•] between 
SIB Sukuk Company III Limited (as Purchaser) and 
SIB (as Seller) 
(c) 
[Declaration of Commingling of Assets: 
Declaration of Commingling of Assets dated [●] 
executed by SIB Sukuk Company III Limited] 
 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Trustee and SIB accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. 
Signed on behalf of 
SIB SUKUK COMPANY III LIMITED  
By: …………………………………………………………………………. 
 
Duly authorised 
Signed on behalf of 
SHARJAH ISLAMIC BANK PJSC 
By: ………………………………………………………………………….  
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 48 ---
34 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i)  
Listing and admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer and Trustee (or on 
its behalf) for the Certificates to be admitted to trading on 
the regulated market of Euronext Dublin with effect from 
[•].] 
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer and 
Trustee (or on its behalf) for the Certificates to be admitted 
to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin with 
effect from [•].] 
[Application has been made by the Issuer and Trustee (or on 
its behalf) for the Certificates to be admitted to trading on 
Nasdaq Dubai and to the official list of securities maintained 
by the Dubai Financial Services Authority with effect from 
[•].] 
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer and 
Trustee (or on its behalf) for the Certificates to be admitted 
to trading on Nasdaq Dubai and to the official list of 
securities maintained by the Dubai Financial Services 
Authority with effect from [•].] 
[Not Applicable.] 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses related 
to admission to trading: 
 
[•] 
 
 
2. 
RATINGS 
Ratings:  
[S&P: [•]] 
[Fitch: [•]] 
[Moody's: [•]] 
[•]] / [Other: [•]] 
[[•] is established in the [European Union]/[United Kingdom] 
and has applied for registration under [Regulation (EU) No. 
1060/2009 
(as 
amended) 
(the 
CRA 
Regulation)]/ 
[Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) as it forms 
part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the EUWA) (the 
UK CRA Regulation)], although notification of the 
corresponding registration decision has not yet been provided 
by the [relevant competent authority]/[European Securities 
and Markets Authority]/[United Kingdom Financial Conduct 
Authority].]  
[[•] is established in the [European Union]/[United Kingdom] 
and is registered under [Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 (as 
amended) (the CRA Regulation)]/[Regulation (EU) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended) as it forms part of domestic law of 
the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the EUWA) (the UK CRA 
Regulation)].]

--- Page 49 ---
35 
 
[[•] is not established in the [European Union]/[United 
Kingdom] but the rating it has given to the Certificates is 
endorsed by [●], which is established in the [European Union 
/[United Kingdom] and is registered under [Regulation (EU) 
No. 
1060/2009 
(as 
amended) 
(the 
CRA 
Regulation)]/[Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
EUWA) (the UK CRA Regulation)].] 
[[•] is not established in the [European Union][United 
Kingdom] but is certified under [Regulation (EU) No. 
1060/2009 
(as 
amended) 
(the 
CRA 
Regulation)]/[Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
EUWA) (the UK CRA Regulation)].] 
[[•] is not established in the European Union or the United 
Kingdom and is not certified under Regulation (EU) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA Regulation) or under 
Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) as it forms part 
of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the EUWA) (the 
UK CRA Regulation), as applicable, and the rating it has 
given to the Certificates is not endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the European Union or the United 
Kingdom and registered under the CRA Regulation or the UK 
CRA Regulation, as applicable.] 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealer], so far as each of the Trustee and SIB is aware, no person 
involved in the issue of the Certificates has an interest material to the offer. 
The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, SIB and its 
affiliates in the ordinary course of its business for which they may receive fees.] 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER 
Reasons for the offer: 
 
 
[See "Use of Proceeds" wording in the Base Prospectus]/[●] 
5. 
ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
Estimated net proceeds: 
 
 
[•] 
6. 
[PROFIT OR RETURN (Fixed Periodic Distribution Certificates only) 
Indication of profit or return: 
 
[•] 
The profit or return is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis 
of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future profit or 
return.] 
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
ISIN Code: 
[•] / [Until the Certificates are consolidated, become 
fungible with and form a single series with the original 
Certificates, the Certificates will have the temporary ISIN 
[•]. After that, the Certificates will have the same ISIN as the 
original Certificates, which is [•]]

--- Page 50 ---
36 
 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[•] / [Until the Certificates are consolidated, become 
fungible with and form a single series with the original 
Certificates, the Certificates will have the temporary 
Common Code [•]. After that, the Certificates will have the 
same Common Code as the original Certificates, which is 
[•]]  
(iii)        [FISN: 
[•] / [See the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced 
from the responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN / Not Applicable / Not Available]] 
(iv)        [CFI Code: 
[•] / [See the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced 
from the responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN / Not Applicable / Not Available]] 
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable]/[give name(s) and number(s)] 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
(vii)  
Names of Managers: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
[•] 
 
8. 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Trustee and SIB confirm 
that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain 
from [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate 
or misleading.]/[Not applicable.] 
9. 
BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
 
            Relevant Benchmark[s]:   
 
[[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator 
legal name]. [As at the date hereof, [administrator 
legal name][appears]/[does not appear]] in the register 
of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register 
of administrators and benchmarks) of the Benchmarks 
Regulation]/[As far as the Trustee is aware, as at the 
date hereof, [specify benchmark] does not fall within 
the scope of the Benchmarks Regulation]/ [As far as 
the Trustee is aware, the transitional provisions in 
Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation apply, such 
that [name of administrator] is not currently required 
to obtain authorisation/registration (or, if located 
outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement 
or 
equivalence)]// 
[As 
at 
the 
date 
hereof, 
[[administrator legal name] [appears]/[does not 
appear] in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained pursuant by 
the FCA pursuant to Article 36 of the UK Benchmarks 
Regulation]/[As far as the Trustee is aware, as at the 
date hereof, [specify benchmark] does not fall within 
the scope of the UK Benchmarks Regulation]/ [As far 
as the Trustee is aware, the transitional provisions in 
Article 51 of the UK Benchmarks Regulation apply, 
such that [name of administrator] is not currently

--- Page 51 ---
37 
 
required to obtain authorisation/registration (or, if 
located outside the United Kingdom, recognition, 
endorsement or equivalence)]] /[Not Applicable]

--- Page 52 ---
38 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
The following is the text of the Terms and Conditions of the Certificates which (subject to modification and except for 
the text in italics) will be endorsed on, and attached to, each Certificate in definitive form issued under the Programme 
and will be incorporated by reference into each Global Certificate. 
The applicable Final Terms in relation to any Series shall complete the following Terms and Conditions and, to the 
extent inconsistent with the following Terms and Conditions, modify the following Terms and Conditions for the 
purpose of such Series. 
SIB Sukuk Company III Limited (in its capacities as issuer and trustee, the Trustee) has established and updated a 
programme (the Programme) for the issuance of up to U.S.$3,000,000,000 in aggregate face amount of trust 
certificates. In these Terms and Conditions (the Conditions), references to Certificates shall be references to the trust 
certificates which are the subject of the applicable Final Terms and references to the applicable Final Terms are to 
Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on the Certificate. 
Certificates issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a Series). The applicable Final Terms complete 
these Conditions and shall, to the extent inconsistent with these Conditions, modify these Conditions for the purposes 
of this Certificate. 
Each of the Certificates will represent an undivided ownership interest in the Trust Assets (as defined in Condition 
4.1) which are held by the Trustee on trust (the Trust) for, inter alia, the benefit of the registered holders of the 
Certificates pursuant to: (a) an amended and restated master trust deed (the Master Trust Deed) dated 20 December 
2021 and made between the Trustee, Sharjah Islamic Bank PJSC (SIB) and Citicorp Trustee Company Limited (the 
Delegate which expression shall include any co-Delegate or any successor); and (b) a supplemental trust deed (the 
Supplemental Trust Deed and, together with the Master Trust Deed, the Trust Deed) having the details set out in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Payments relating to the Certificates will be made pursuant to an amended and restated agency agreement dated 20 
December 2021 (the Agency Agreement) made between the Trustee, the Delegate, SIB, Citibank N.A., London Branch 
in its capacities as principal paying agent (in such capacity, the Principal Paying Agent, which expression shall include 
any successor and, together with any further or other paying agents appointed from time to time in accordance with the 
Agency Agreement, the Paying Agents, which expression shall include any successors) and calculation agent (in such 
capacity, the Calculation Agent, which expression shall include any successor or other calculation agent named in the 
applicable Final Terms) and as transfer agent (in such capacity and together with the Principal Paying Agent and 
Calculation Agent, the Transfer Agents, which expression shall include any successors) and Citibank Europe plc in 
its capacity as a registrar (in such capacity, the Registrar, which expression shall include any successor). The Paying 
Agents, the Calculation Agent and the Transfer Agents are together referred to in these Conditions as the Agents. 
Words and expressions defined in the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall 
have the same meanings where used in these Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated 
and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between any such document and the applicable Final Terms, the 
applicable Final Terms will prevail. In addition, in these Conditions: 
(a) 
any reference to face amount shall be deemed to include the relevant Dissolution Amount (as defined in 
Condition 8.1 (Payments in respect of the Certificates)), any additional amounts (other than relating to 
Periodic Distribution Amounts (as defined in Condition 6.2 (Periodic Distribution Amount)) which may be 
payable under Condition 11 (Taxation), and any other amount in the nature of face amounts payable pursuant 
to these Conditions; 
(b) 
any reference to Periodic Distribution Amounts shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect 
of profit distributions which may be payable under Condition 11 (Taxation) and any other amount in the 
nature of a profit distribution payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(c) 
references to Certificates being “outstanding” shall be construed in accordance with the Master Trust Deed; 
and 
(d) 
any reference to a Transaction Document (as defined below) shall be construed as a reference to that 
Transaction Document as amended and/or supplemented from time to time. 
Subject as set out below, copies of the documents set out below are available for inspection and obtainable free of 
charge by the Certificateholders during normal business hours at the principal office of the Trustee (presently at PO 
Box 1093, Queensgate House, Grand Cayman, KY1-1102, Cayman Islands) and at the specified office for the time

--- Page 53 ---
39 
 
being of the Principal Paying Agent. The holders of the Certificates (the Certificateholders) are entitled to the benefit 
of, are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of the documents set out below: 
(a) 
an amended and restated master purchase agreement between SIB Sukuk Company III Limited (in its capacity 
as Trustee and in its capacity as purchaser, the Purchaser) and SIB (in its capacity as seller, the Seller) dated 
20 December 2021 (the Master Purchase Agreement); 
(b) 
the supplemental purchase contract (the Supplemental Purchase Contract and, together with the Master 
Purchase Agreement, the Purchase Agreement) having the details set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
(c) 
the amended and restated service agency agreement between the Trustee and SIB (in its capacity as service 
agent, the Service Agent) dated 20 December 2021 (the Service Agency Agreement); 
(d) 
the amended and restated purchase undertaking granted by SIB for the benefit of the Trustee and the Delegate 
dated 20 December 2021 (the Purchase Undertaking) together with any sale agreement that may be entered 
into as a result of the exercise of rights under the Purchase Undertaking; 
(e) 
the amended and restated sale undertaking granted by the Trustee for the benefit of SIB dated 20 December 
2021 (the Sale Undertaking) together with any sale agreement that may be entered into as a result of the 
exercise rights under the Sale Undertaking; 
(f) 
the Master Trust Deed (and the applicable Supplemental Trust Deed entered into in respect of each Series); 
(g) 
the Agency Agreement; and 
(h) 
an amended and restated corporate services agreement dated 30 September 2021 between MaplesFS Limited 
(as provider of corporate services to the Trustee) and the Trustee (the Corporate Services Agreement), 
each as may be amended and restated and/or supplemented from time to time. In addition, the applicable Final Terms 
in respect of each tranche of a Series will be made available for inspection and obtainable free of charge in the same 
manner as (a) – (h) above. 
The documents listed in paragraphs (a) to (g) (inclusive) above are referred to in these Conditions as the Transaction 
Documents. The statements in these Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of 
the Master Trust Deed as supplemented by the applicable Supplemental Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement. 
Each Certificateholder, by its acquisition and holding of its interest in a Certificate, shall be deemed, in respect of each 
Series, to authorise and direct the Trustee, on behalf of the Certificateholders, (i) to apply the sums paid by it in respect 
of its Certificates to the Seller in accordance with the Purchase Agreement; and (ii) to enter into each Transaction 
Document to which it is a party, subject to the provisions of the Master Trust Deed as supplemented by the relevant 
Supplemental Trust Deed and these Conditions. 
1 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
1.1 
Form and Denomination 
The Certificates are issued in registered form in the Specified Denominations and, in the case of Certificates 
in definitive form, are serially numbered. 
For so long as any of the Certificates is represented by a Global Certificate held on behalf of Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV (Euroclear) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg), each person (other than 
another clearing system) who is for the time being shown in the records of either such clearing system as the 
holder of a particular face amount of such Certificates (in which regard any certificate or other document 
issued by a clearing system as to the face amount of such Certificates standing to the account of any person 
shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the 
Trustee, the Delegate, SIB and the Agents as the holder of such face amount of such Certificates for all 
purposes other than with respect to payment in respect of such Certificates, for which purpose the registered 
holder of the Global Certificate shall be treated by the Trustee, the Delegate, SIB and any Agent as the holder 
of such face amount of such Certificates in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global 
Certificate and the expressions Certificateholder and holder in relation to any Certificates and related 
expressions shall be construed accordingly.

--- Page 54 ---
40 
 
In determining whether a particular person is entitled to a particular face amount of Certificates as aforesaid, 
the Trustee and the Delegate may rely on such evidence and/or information and/or certification as it shall, in 
its absolute discretion, think fit and, if it does so rely, such evidence and/or information and/or certification 
shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on all concerned. 
Each holder must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, for its share of each 
payment made to the registered holder of the Global Certificate. References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or 
alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Specified Denominations have the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms. 
1.2 
Register 
The Registrar will maintain a register (the Register) of Certificateholders in respect of the Certificates in 
accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement. In the case of Certificates in definitive form, a 
definitive Certificate will be issued to each Certificateholder in respect of its registered holding of 
Certificates. 
1.3 
Title 
The Trustee, the Delegate, SIB and the Agents may (to the fullest extent permitted by applicable laws) deem 
and treat the person in whose name any outstanding Certificate is for the time being registered (as set out in 
the Register) as the holder of such Certificate or of a particular face amount of the Certificates for all purposes 
(whether or not such Certificate or face amount shall be overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership 
thereof or of trust or other interest with regard thereto, and any notice of loss or theft or any writing thereon), 
and the Trustee, the Delegate, SIB and the Agents shall not be affected by any notice to the contrary. 
All payments made to such registered holder shall be valid and, to the extent of the sums so paid, effective 
to satisfy and discharge the liability for moneys payable in respect of such Certificate or face amount. 
2 
TRANSFERS OF CERTIFICATES 
2.1 
Transfers of interests in the Global Certificate 
Transfers of interests in the Global Certificate will be effected by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
the case may be, and, in turn, by other participants and, if appropriate, indirect participants in such clearing 
systems acting on behalf of transferors and transferees of such interests. An interest in the Global Certificate 
will, subject to compliance with all applicable legal and regulatory restrictions, be transferable for Certificates 
in definitive form only in the Specified Denomination or integral multiples thereof and only in accordance 
with the rules and operating procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the 
case may be, and in accordance with the terms and conditions specified in the Trust Deed and the Agency 
Agreement. 
2.2 
Transfers of Certificates in definitive form 
Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement, a 
Certificate in definitive form may be transferred in whole or in part (in the Specified Denomination or an 
integral multiple thereof). In order to effect any such transfer: (a) the holder or holders must: (i) surrender the 
definitive Certificate for registration of the transfer thereof (or the relevant part thereof) at the specified office 
of any Transfer Agent, with the form of transfer thereon duly executed by the holder or holders thereof or his 
or their attorney or attorneys duly authorised in writing; and (ii) complete and deposit such other certifications 
as may be required by the relevant Transfer Agent; and (b) the relevant Transfer Agent must, after due and 
careful enquiry, be satisfied with the documents of title and the identity of the person making the request. Any 
such transfer will be subject to such regulations as SIB Sukuk Company III Limited, SIB, the Delegate and 
the Registrar may from time to time prescribe (the initial such regulations being scheduled to the Master Trust 
Deed). 
Subject as provided above, the relevant Transfer Agent will, within five business days (being for this purpose 
a day on which banks are open for business in the city where the specified office of the relevant Transfer 
Agent is located) of the request (or such longer period as may be required to comply with any applicable 
fiscal or other laws or regulations), deliver at its specified office to the transferee or (at the risk of the 
transferee) send by uninsured mail to such address as the transferee may request a new Certificate in definitive

--- Page 55 ---
41 
 
form of a like aggregate face amount to the Certificate (or the relevant part of the Certificate) transferred. In 
the case of the transfer of part only of a Certificate in definitive form, a new Certificate in definitive form in 
respect of the balance of the Certificate not transferred will be so delivered or (at the risk of the transferor) 
sent to the transferor. 
No Certificateholder may require the transfer of a Certificate in definitive form to be registered during the 
period of 15 days ending on (and including) a Periodic Distribution Date, the Scheduled Dissolution Date, a 
Dissolution Date or any other date on which any payment of the face amount or payment of any profit in 
respect of a Certificate falls due. 
2.3 
Costs of registration 
Certificateholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any registration of transfer 
as provided above, except for any costs or expenses of delivery other than by regular uninsured mail and 
except that the Trustee may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any stamp duty, tax or other 
governmental charge that may be imposed in relation to the registration. 
3 
STATUS AND LIMITED RECOURSE  
3.1 
Status 
Each Certificate evidences an undivided ownership interest in the Trust Assets, subject to the terms of the 
Trust Deed and these Conditions, and is a direct, unsubordinated, unsecured and limited recourse obligation 
of the Trustee. Each Certificate ranks pari passu, without any preference or priority, with the other 
Certificates of the relevant Series issued under the Programme. 
3.2 
Limited Recourse 
The proceeds of the Trust Assets are the sole source of payments on the Certificates of each Series. Save as 
provided in the next sentence, the Certificates do not represent an interest in or obligation of any of the 
Trustee, SIB, the Delegate, the Agents or any of their respective affiliates. Accordingly, Certificateholders, 
by subscribing for or acquiring the Certificates, acknowledge that they will have no recourse to any assets of 
the Trustee (including, in particular, other assets comprised in other trusts, if any), SIB (to the extent that it 
fulfils all of its obligations under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party), or the Delegate, or the 
Agents, or any of their respective affiliates in respect of any shortfall in the expected amounts from the Trust 
Assets to the extent the Trust Assets have been exhausted following which all obligations of the Trustee shall 
be extinguished. 
SIB is obliged to make certain payments under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party directly to 
the Trustee for, and on behalf of, the Certificateholders, and the Trustee and the Delegate (acting in the name, 
and on behalf, of the Trustee) will have direct recourse against SIB to recover such payments. 
The net proceeds of realisation of, or enforcement with respect to, the Trust Assets may not be sufficient to 
make all payments due in respect of the Certificates of the corresponding Series. If, following the distribution 
of such proceeds, there remains a shortfall in payments due under the Certificates, subject to Condition 14 
(Dissolution Events), no holder of Certificates will have any claim against the Trustee and/or its directors, 
officers, administrators or shareholders, SIB (to the extent that it fulfils all of its obligations under the 
Transaction Documents to which it is a party), or the Delegate, or the Agents, or any of their respective 
affiliates or against any assets (other than the Trust Assets to the extent not exhausted) in respect of such 
shortfall and any unsatisfied claims of Certificateholders shall be extinguished. In particular, no holder of 
Certificates will be able to petition for, or join any other person in instituting proceedings for, the 
reorganisation, liquidation, winding up or receivership of SIB Sukuk Company III Limited, SIB (to the extent 
that it fulfils all of its obligations under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party), the Delegate, the 
Agents or any of their respective affiliates as a consequence of such shortfall or otherwise. 
3.3 
Agreement of Certificateholders 
By purchasing Certificates, each Certificateholder is deemed to have agreed that notwithstanding anything 
to the contrary contained in these Conditions or any Transaction Document: 
(a) 
no payment of any amount whatsoever shall be made by or on behalf of SIB Sukuk Company III 
Limited except to the extent funds are available therefor from the Trust Assets and further agrees 
that no recourse shall be had for the payment of any amount owing hereunder or under any

--- Page 56 ---
42 
 
Transaction Document to which it is a party, whether for the payment of any fee or other amount 
hereunder or any other obligation or claim arising out of or based upon any Transaction Document, 
against SIB Sukuk Company III Limited to the extent the Trust Assets have been exhausted 
following which all obligations of SIB Sukuk Company III Limited shall be extinguished; 
(b) 
prior to the date which is one year and one day after the date on which all amounts owing by SIB 
Sukuk Company III Limited under the Transaction Documents have been paid in full, it will not 
institute against, or join with any other person in instituting against, SIB Sukuk Company III Limited 
any bankruptcy, reorganisation, arrangement or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings under 
any bankruptcy or similar law; and 
(c) 
no recourse (whether by institution or enforcement of any legal proceedings or assessment or 
otherwise) in respect of any breaches of any duty, obligation or undertaking of SIB Sukuk Company 
III Limited arising under or in connection with these Conditions by virtue of any customary law, 
statute or otherwise shall be had against any shareholder, officer or director of SIB Sukuk Company 
III Limited in their capacity as such and any and all personal liability of every such shareholder, 
officer or director in their capacity as such for any breaches by SIB Sukuk Company III Limited of 
any such duty, obligation or undertaking is hereby expressly waived and excluded to the extent 
permitted by law. 
4 
THE TRUST  
4.1 
The Trust Assets 
On each Issue Date, the Seller will sell (pursuant to the Purchase Agreement) a portfolio (the Initial 
Portfolio) of certain assets (the Assets) specified in the Supplemental Purchase Contract to the Trustee and 
the Trustee will purchase the Initial Portfolio using the proceeds of the issue of the Certificates. The Trustee 
has entered into the Service Agency Agreement with the Service Agent as service agent of the Portfolio (as 
defined in the Service Agency Agreement). 
SIB has entered into the Purchase Undertaking in favour of the Trustee and the Delegate to purchase all of the 
Trustee’s rights, title, interests, benefits and entitlements in, to and under the Portfolio on the Scheduled 
Dissolution Date at the Final Dissolution Amount (each as defined in Condition 10.1 (Scheduled 
Dissolution)) or, if earlier, on the due date for dissolution determined in accordance with Condition 14 
(Dissolution Events) at the Dissolution Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms. If Certificateholder 
Put Right is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, the Purchase Undertaking may be 
exercised prior to a Certificateholder Put Right Date (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) to fund the 
relevant Certificates being redeemed under Condition 10.4 (Dissolution at the option of the 
Certificateholders) through the purchase by SIB of the Trustee’s rights, title, interests, benefits and 
entitlements in, to and under a portion of the Portfolio with an aggregate Value (as defined in the Service 
Agency Agreement) no greater than the aggregate face amount of such Certificates being redeemed. 
Pursuant to the Sale Undertaking, subject to the Trustee being entitled to redeem the Certificates early 
pursuant to Condition 10.2 (Early Dissolution for Tax Reasons), SIB may, by exercising its redemption 
right under the Sale Undertaking and serving notice on the Trustee no later than 60 days prior to the Tax 
Dissolution Date (as defined in Condition 10.2 (Early Dissolution for Tax Reasons)), oblige the Trustee to 
sell to SIB all of its rights, title, interests, benefits and entitlements in, to and under the Portfolio on the Tax 
Dissolution Date at the Early Dissolution Amount (Tax). If Optional Dissolution (Call) is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being applicable, SIB may, by exercising its redemption right under the Sale 
Undertaking and serving notice on the Trustee no later than 60 days prior to the Optional Dissolution Date, 
oblige the Trustee to sell to SIB all of its rights, title, interests, benefits and entitlements in, to and under 
the Portfolio on the Optional Dissolution Date. 
Following any purchase of Certificates by or on behalf of SIB or any of its Subsidiaries (as defined in 
Condition 13 (Purchase and Cancellation of Certificates)) pursuant to Condition 13 (Purchase and 
Cancellation of Certificates), the Sale Undertaking may also be exercised in respect of the transfer to SIB of 
an ownership interest (a Cancellation Interest) in the Portfolio with an aggregate Value no greater than the 
aggregate face amount of the Certificates so purchased against cancellation of such Certificates by the 
Principal Paying Agent. The Cancellation Interest will be calculated as the ratio, expressed as a percentage, 
of the aggregate outstanding face amount of the relevant Certificates to be cancelled to the aggregate face 
amount of the Certificates outstanding immediately prior to the cancellation of such Certificates.

--- Page 57 ---
43 
 
Pursuant to the Trust Deed, the Trustee holds the Trust Assets upon trust absolutely for the holders of the 
Certificates in respect of a Series pro rata according to the face amount of Certificates held by each holder 
in respect of that Series. Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the term Trust Assets 
means: 
(a) 
all of the Trustee’s rights, title, interest and benefit, present and future, in, to and under the assets 
from time to time constituting the Portfolio for the corresponding Series; 
(b) 
the Trustee’s rights, title, interest and benefit, present and future, in, to and under the Transaction 
Documents (other than (i) in relation to any representations given to the Trustee by SIB pursuant to 
any of the Transaction Documents and any rights which have been expressly waived by the Trustee 
in any of the Transaction Documents, and (ii) the covenant given to the Trustee pursuant to Clause 
13.1 of the Master Trust Deed); 
(c) 
monies standing to the credit of the Transaction Account in respect of that Series specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (the Transaction Account) from time to time; and 
(d) 
all proceeds of the foregoing.  
4.2 
Application of Proceeds from the Trust Assets 
On each Periodic Distribution Date and on the Scheduled Dissolution Date or any earlier Dissolution Date 
for each Series, the monies standing to the credit of the Transaction Account shall be applied in the following 
order of priority: 
(a) 
first, to the Delegate in respect of all amounts owing to it under the Transaction Documents in its 
capacity as Delegate; 
(b) 
second, to the Principal Paying Agent for application in or towards payment pari passu and rateably 
of all Periodic Distribution Amounts due and unpaid; 
(c) 
third, only if such payment is made on the Scheduled Dissolution Date or a Dissolution Date, to the 
Principal Paying Agent for application in or towards payment pari passu and rateably of the relevant 
Dissolution Amount; and 
(d) 
fourth, only after all necessary payments above have been made in full, to SIB. 
5 
COVENANTS 
The Trustee covenants that, for so long as any Certificate is outstanding, it shall not: 
(a) 
incur any indebtedness in respect of raised money whatsoever (whether structured in accordance 
with the principles of the Shari’a or otherwise), or give any guarantee or indemnity in respect of 
any obligation of any person or issue any shares (or rights, warrants or options in respect of shares 
or securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares) or any other certificates except, in all cases, 
as contemplated in the Transaction Documents; 
(b) 
grant or permit to be outstanding any lien, pledge, charge or other security interest upon any of its 
present or future assets, properties or revenues (other than those arising by operation of law or 
contemplated by the Transaction Documents); 
(c) 
sell, lease, transfer, assign, participate, exchange or otherwise dispose of, or pledge, mortgage, 
hypothecate or otherwise encumber (by security interest, lien (statutory or otherwise), preference, 
priority or other security agreement or preferential arrangement of any kind or nature whatsoever or 
otherwise) (or permit such to occur or suffer such to exist), any part of its ownership interest in any 
of the Trust Assets except pursuant to the Transaction Documents; 
(d) 
use the proceeds of the issue of the Certificates for any purpose other than as stated in the 
Transaction Documents; 
(e) 
amend or agree to any amendment of any Transaction Document to which it is a party (other than 
in accordance with the terms thereof) or its memorandum and articles of association;

--- Page 58 ---
44 
 
(f) 
act as trustee in respect of any trust other than a trust corresponding to any other Series issued under 
the Programme; 
(g) 
have any subsidiaries or employees; 
(h) 
redeem or purchase any of its shares or pay any dividend or make any other distribution to its 
shareholders; 
(i) 
prior to the date which is one year and one day after the date on which all amounts owing by the 
Trustee under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party have been paid in full, put to its 
directors or shareholders any resolution for, or appoint any liquidator for, its winding up or any 
resolution for the commencement of any other bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding with respect to 
it; and 
(j) 
enter into any contract, transaction, amendment, obligation or liability other than the Transaction 
Documents, the Programme Agreement and any subscription agreement connected to the issue of 
the Certificates or any permitted amendment or supplement thereto or as expressly permitted or 
required thereunder or engage in any business or activity other than: 
(i) 
as provided for or permitted in the Transaction Documents; 
(ii) 
the ownership, management and disposal of Trust Assets as provided in the Transaction 
Documents; and 
(iii) 
such other matters which are incidental thereto. 
In the Purchase Undertaking, SIB has undertaken that, so long as any Certificate remains outstanding, SIB 
will not, and shall ensure that none of its Material Subsidiaries will, create or permit to subsist any Security 
Interest, other than a Permitted Security Interest, upon the whole or any part of its present or future 
undertakings, assets or revenues (including uncalled capital) to secure any Relevant Indebtedness or any 
Guarantee of Relevant Indebtedness given by it without: 
(a) 
at the same time or prior thereto securing equally and rateably therewith its obligations under the 
Transaction Documents to which it is, in whatever capacity, a party; or 
(b) 
providing such other Security Interest for those obligations as may be approved by the 
Certificateholders by an Extraordinary Resolution. 
For these purposes: 
Guarantee means, in relation to any Indebtedness or Relevant Indebtedness of any person, any obligation of 
another person to pay such Indebtedness or Relevant Indebtedness following demand or claim on that person 
including (without limitation): 
(a) 
any obligation to purchase such Indebtedness or Relevant Indebtedness; 
(b) 
any obligation to extend financing, to purchase or subscribe shares or other securities or to 
purchase assets or services in order to provide funds for the payment of such Indebtedness or 
Relevant Indebtedness; 
(c) 
any indemnity against the consequences of a default in the payment of such Indebtedness or Relevant 
Indebtedness; and 
(d) 
any other agreement to be responsible for such Indebtedness or Relevant Indebtedness. 
Indebtedness means any present or future indebtedness of any person for or in respect of any money 
borrowed or raised including (without limitation) any money or liability arising under or in respect of any 
acceptance or acceptance credit or evidenced by any notes, sukuk, bonds, debentures, debenture stock, loan 
stock or other securities or any moneys raised under any transaction having the commercial effect of 
borrowing or raising money. 
Material Subsidiary means, at any time, any Subsidiary:

--- Page 59 ---
45 
 
(a) 
whose total assets (consolidated, in the case of a Subsidiary which itself has Subsidiaries) exceed 5 
per cent. of the consolidated total assets of SIB; or 
(b) 
whose revenues (consolidated, in the case of a Subsidiary which itself has Subsidiaries) exceed 5 
per cent. of the consolidated net operating revenues of SIB. 
Non-recourse Project Financing means any financing of all or part of the costs of the acquisition, 
construction or development of any project, provided that (a) any Security Interest given by SIB or the 
relevant Material Subsidiary, as the case may be, is limited solely to assets of the project, (b) the person 
providing such financing expressly agrees to limit its recourse to the project financed and the revenues 
derived from such project as the principal source of repayment for the monies advanced, and (c) there is no 
other recourse to SIB or the relevant Material Subsidiary, as the case may be, in respect of any default by 
any person under the financing. 
Permitted Security Interest means: 
(a) 
any Security Interest securing any Relevant Indebtedness of a person existing at the time that such 
person is merged into, or consolidated with SIB or the relevant Material Subsidiary, as the case 
may be, provided that such Security Interest was not created in contemplation of such merger or 
consolidation and does not extend to any other assets or property of SIB or the relevant Material 
Subsidiary, as the case may be; 
(b) 
any Security Interest arising by operation of law, provided that such Security Interest is discharged 
within 30 days of arising; 
(c) 
any Security Interest existing on any property or assets prior to the acquisition thereof by SIB or 
the relevant Material Subsidiary, as the case may be, provided that such Security Interest was not 
created in contemplation of such acquisition and does not extend to other assets or property of SIB 
or the relevant Material Subsidiary, as the case may be (other than proceeds of such acquired assets 
or property), and provided that the maximum amount of Relevant Indebtedness thereafter secured 
by such Security Interest does not exceed the purchase price of such property or the Relevant 
Indebtedness incurred solely for the purpose of financing the acquisition of such property; or 
(d) 
any renewal of or substitution for any Security Interest permitted by any of paragraphs (a) to (c) 
(inclusive) of this definition, provided that with respect to any such Security Interest the principal 
amount secured has not increased and the Security Interest has not been extended to any additional 
assets (other than the proceeds of such assets). 
Relevant Indebtedness means (a) any Indebtedness, other than Indebtedness incurred in connection with a 
Non-recourse Project Financing or a Securitisation, which is in the form of, or represented or evidenced by, 
bonds, notes, debentures, financing stock or other securities which for the time being are, or are intended to 
be or are capable of being, quoted, listed, dealt in or traded on any stock exchange, over-the-counter or other 
securities market, and (b) any Relevant Sukuk Obligation. 
Relevant Sukuk Obligation means any undertaking or other obligation, other than any undertaking or 
obligation incurred in connection with a Non-recourse Project Financing or a Securitisation, to pay any 
money given in connection with the issue of trust certificates or other similar securities, whether or not in 
return for consideration of any kind, which for the time being are, or are intended to be or are capable of 
being, quoted, listed, dealt in or traded on any stock exchange, over-the-counter or other securities market. 
Securitisation means any securitisation of existing or future assets and/or revenues, provided that (a) any 
Security Interest given by SIB or the relevant Material Subsidiary, as the case may be, in connection therewith 
is limited solely to the assets and/or revenues which are the subject of the securitisation, (b) each person 
participating in such securitisation expressly agrees to limit its recourse to the assets and/or revenues so 
securitised as the principal source of repayment for the money advanced or payment of any other liability, 
and (c) there is no other recourse to SIB or the relevant Material Subsidiary, as the case may be, in respect 
of any default by any person under the securitisation. 
Security Interest means any mortgage, pledge, lien, charge, assignment by way of security, hypothecation 
or other security interest including, without limitation, any other agreement or arrangement having the effect 
of conferring security.

--- Page 60 ---
46 
 
Subsidiary means in relation to any person (the first person) at any particular time, any other person (the 
second person): 
(a) 
whose affairs and policies the first person controls or has power to control, whether by ownership 
of share capital, contract, the power to appoint or remove members of the governing body of the 
second person or otherwise; or 
(b) 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted 
accounting principles, consolidated with those of the first person. 
6 
FIXED PERIODIC DISTRIBUTION PROVISIONS  
6.1 
Application 
This Condition is applicable to the Certificates only if the Fixed Periodic Distribution Provisions are specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable. 
6.2 
Periodic Distribution Amount 
Subject to Condition 4.2 (Application of Proceeds from the Trust Assets) and Condition 8 (Payment) and 
unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Trustee shall distribute to holders pro rata to 
their respective holdings, out of amounts transferred to the Transaction Account pursuant to the terms of the 
Service Agency Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, a distribution in relation to the Certificates 
on each Periodic Distribution Date equal to the Periodic Distribution Amount payable in respect of the Return 
Accumulation Period ending immediately before that Periodic Distribution Date. 
In these Conditions: 
Periodic Distribution Amount means, in relation to a Certificate and a Return Accumulation Period, the 
amount of profit distribution payable in respect of that Certificate for that Return Accumulation Period which 
amount may be a Fixed Amount, a Broken Amount or an amount otherwise calculated in accordance with 
this Condition 6 (Fixed Periodic Distribution Provisions) or Condition 7 (Floating Periodic Distribution 
Provisions); and 
Return Accumulation Period means the period from (and including) a Periodic Distribution Date (or the 
Return Accrual Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Periodic Distribution Date. 
6.3 
Determination of Periodic Distribution Amount 
Except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the Periodic Distribution Amount payable in respect of 
each Certificate in definitive form for any Return Accumulation Period shall be the Fixed Amount or, if so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Broken Amount so specified. 
Except in the case of Certificates in definitive form where a Fixed Amount or Broken Amount is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, the Periodic Distribution Amount payable in respect of each Certificate shall be 
calculated by applying the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or calculated or determined in accordance with the provisions of these Conditions and/or the 
applicable Final Terms (the Rate) applicable to the relevant Return Accumulation Period to: 
(a) 
in the case of Certificates which are represented by a Global Certificate, the aggregate  
outstanding face amount of the Certificates represented by such Global Certificate; or 
(b) 
in the case of Certificates in definitive form, the Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant 
figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded 
upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the Specified Denomination 
of a Certificate in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the amount of profit distribution 
payable in respect of such Certificate shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided 
above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach 
the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
In this Condition:

--- Page 61 ---
47 
 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of Periodic Distribution Amount in accordance 
with this Condition: 
(a) 
if Actual/Actual (ICMA) is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
in the case of Certificates where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Periodic Distribution Date (or, if none, the Return Accrual 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the Accrual Period) 
is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, 
the actual number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Determination Period; and 
(2) 
the number of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
that would occur in one calendar year; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Certificates where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination Period 
during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period in 
which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of: (aa) the number of 
days in such Determination Period; and: (bb) the number of Determination Dates 
that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of: (aa) the number of days in such Determination 
Period; and (bb) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one 
calendar year; and 
(b) 
if 30/360 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from (and 
including) the most recent Periodic Distribution Date (or, if none, the Return Accrual 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days being 
calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360; 
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but excluding) the 
next Determination Date (including, where either the Return Accrual Commencement Date or the final 
Periodic Distribution Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first Determination 
Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); and  
sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is 
available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent. 
6.4 
Cessation of Profit Entitlement 
No further amounts will be payable on any Certificate from and including the Scheduled Dissolution Date 
or, as the case may be, the relevant Dissolution Date, as a result of the failure of SIB to pay the relevant 
Exercise Price and enter into one or more sale agreements in accordance with the terms of the Purchase 
Undertaking or the Sale Undertaking, as the case may be, unless default is made in the payment of the relevant 
Dissolution Amount in which case Periodic Distribution Amounts will continue to accrue in respect of the 
Certificates in the manner provided in this Condition to the earlier of: (i) the Relevant Date or (ii) the date on 
which a sale agreement is executed in accordance with the terms of the Purchase Undertaking or the Sale 
Undertaking, as the case may be. 
 
7 
FLOATING PERIODIC DISTRIBUTION PROVISIONS  
7.1 
Application 
This Condition is applicable to the Certificates only if the Floating Periodic Distribution Provisions are 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable. 
7.2 
Periodic Distribution Amount

--- Page 62 ---
48 
 
Subject to Condition 4.2 (Application of Proceeds from the Trust Assets) and Condition 8 (Payment) and 
unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Trustee shall distribute to holders pro rata to 
their respective holdings, out of amounts transferred to the Transaction Account pursuant to the terms of the 
Service Agency Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, a distribution in relation to the Certificates 
on either: 
(a) 
the Specified Periodic Distribution Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(b) 
if no Specified Periodic Distribution Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each date 
(each such date, together with each Specified Periodic Distribution Date, a Periodic Distribution 
Date) which falls the number of months or other period specified as the Specified Period in the 
applicable Final Terms after the preceding Periodic Distribution Date or, in the case of the first 
Periodic Distribution Date, after the Return Accrual Commencement Date. 
In relation to each Periodic Distribution Date, the distribution payable will be equal to the Periodic 
Distribution Amount payable in respect of the Return Accumulation Period ending immediately before that 
Periodic Distribution Date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no numerically 
corresponding day in the calendar month in which a Periodic Distribution Date should occur, or (y) if any 
Periodic Distribution Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business 
Day Convention specified is: 
(A) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 7.2(b) (Periodic 
Distribution Amount) above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Periodic Distribution Date: (a) in 
the case of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the 
provisions of (ii) below shall apply mutatis mutandis; or (b) in the case of (y) above, shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month in which event: (i) such Periodic Distribution Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day, and (ii) each subsequent Periodic Distribution Date shall be 
the last Business Day in the month which falls the Specified Period after the preceding applicable 
Periodic Distribution Date occurred; or 
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Periodic Distribution Date shall be postponed to the 
next day which is a Business Day; or 
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Periodic Distribution Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event such Periodic Distribution Date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day; or 
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Periodic Distribution Date shall be brought forward 
to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In these Conditions: 
Business Day means a day which is both: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London 
and any Additional Business Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(b) 
either (i) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial 
centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (if other than London and any Additional 
Business Centre) or (ii) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day; and 
TARGET Settlement Day means any day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross 
Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) System (the TARGET2 System) is open. 
7.3 
Screen Rate Determination

--- Page 63 ---
49 
 
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the rate or 
rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) specified in the applicable Final Terms or calculated or 
determined in accordance with the provisions of these Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms (the 
Rate) is to be determined, the Rate applicable to the Certificates for each Return Accumulation Period will 
be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(a) 
if the Reference Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms is a composite quotation or customarily 
supplied by one entity, the Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on 
the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Periodic Distribution 
Determination Date; 
(b) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the Reference Rates 
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Periodic 
Distribution Determination Date; 
(c) 
if, in the case of (a) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case of (b) above, fewer 
than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, 
the Calculation Agent will: 
(i) 
request each of the Reference Banks to provide a quotation of the Reference Rate at 
approximately the Relevant Time on the Periodic Distribution Determination Date to prime 
banks in the London or Eurozone interbank market, as the case may be, in an amount that 
is representative for a single transaction in that market at that time; and 
(ii) 
determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and 
(d) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Calculation Agent will determine 
the arithmetic mean of the rates quoted by major banks in the principal financial centre of the 
Specified Currency, selected by the Calculation Agent (at the direction of SIB, provided SIB 
receives notice of such direction being required by the Calculation Agent), at approximately 11.00 
a.m. (local time in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency) on the first day of the 
relevant Return Accumulation Period for financings in the Specified Currency to leading European 
banks for a period equal to the relevant Return Accumulation Period and in an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in that market at that time, 
and the Rate for such Return Accumulation Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case 
may be) the arithmetic mean so determined provided, however, that if the Calculation Agent is unable to 
determine a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with the above provisions in 
relation to any Return Accumulation Period, the Rate applicable to the Certificates during such Return 
Accumulation Period will be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean 
last determined in relation to the Certificates in respect of a preceding Return Accumulation Period. 
In this Condition the following expressions have the following meanings: 
Reference Banks means the principal London office of each of four major banks engaged in the London or 
Eurozone inter-bank market selected by or on behalf of the Calculation Agent (at the direction of SIB, 
provided SIB receives notice of such direction being required by the Calculation Agent), provided that once 
a Reference Bank has first been selected by or on behalf of the Calculation Agent or its duly appointed 
representative, such Reference Bank shall not be changed unless it ceases to be capable of acting as such; 
Reference Rate means (i) one of the following benchmark rates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
in respect of the currency and period specified in the applicable Final Terms or (ii) any such Successor Rate 
(as defined in Condition 7.6 (Benchmark Discontinuation)) or Alternative Rate (as defined in Condition 7.6 
(Benchmark Discontinuation)) as set out in these Conditions (in the case of either a Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate, with any relevant Adjustment Spread applied): 
(a) 
London interbank offered rate (LIBOR); 
(b) 
Euro interbank offered rate (EURIBOR); 
(c) 
Singapore interbank offered rate (SIBOR);  
(d) 
Shanghai interbank offered rate (SHIBOR);

--- Page 64 ---
50 
 
(e) 
Hong Kong interbank offered rate (HIBOR); 
(f) 
Kuwait interbank offered rate (KIBOR); 
(g) 
Kuala Lumpur interbank offered rate (KLIBOR); 
(h) 
Emirates interbank offered rate (EIBOR); 
(i) 
Saudi Arabia interbank offered rate (SAIBOR); 
(j) 
Turkish Lira interbank offered rate (TRLIBOR or TRYLIBOR); 
(k) 
Australian dollar LIBOR (AUD LIBOR); 
(l) 
Japanese Yen LIBOR (JPY LIBOR); and 
(m) 
Swiss franc LIBOR (CHF LIBOR). 
Relevant Screen Page means the page, section or other part of a particular information service specified as 
the Relevant Screen Page in the applicable Final Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may 
replace it on that information service or such other information service, in each case, as may be nominated 
by the person providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or 
prices comparable to the Reference Rate. 
7.4 
Cessation of Profit Entitlement 
No further amounts will be payable on any Certificate from and including the Scheduled Dissolution Date or, 
as the case may be, the relevant Dissolution Date, unless default is made in the payment of the relevant 
Dissolution Amount, as a result of the failure of SIB to pay the relevant Exercise Price and enter into a sale 
agreement in accordance with the terms of the Purchase Undertaking or the Sale Undertaking, as the case may 
be, in which case Periodic Distribution Amounts will continue to accrue in respect of the Certificates in the 
manner provided in this Condition provided that, in respect of such accrual, no sale agreement has been 
executed in accordance with the terms of the Purchase Undertaking or the Sale Undertaking. 
7.5 
Calculation of Periodic Distribution Amount 
The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time at which the Rate is to be determined in relation 
to each Return Accumulation Period, calculate the Periodic Distribution Amount payable in respect of each 
Certificate for such Return Accumulation Period. The Periodic Distribution Amount will be calculated by 
applying the Rate applicable to the relevant Return Accumulation Period to: 
(a) 
in the case of Certificates which are represented by a Global Certificate, the aggregate outstanding 
face amount of the Certificates represented by such Global Certificate; or 
(b) 
in the case of Certificates in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction and rounding the resultant 
figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards). Where the 
Specified Denomination of a Certificate in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the 
Periodic Distribution Amount payable in respect of such Certificate shall be the product of the amount 
(determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the 
Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of a Periodic Distribution Amount in accordance 
with this Condition: 
(a) 
if Actual/Actual (ISDA) or Actual/Actual is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Return Accumulation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Return 
Accumulation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (i) the actual number of days in that portion of 
the Return Accumulation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (ii) the actual number of 
days in that portion of the Return Accumulation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365);

--- Page 65 ---
51 
 
(b) 
if Actual/365 (Fixed) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Return Accumulation Period divided by 365; 
(c) 
if Actual/365 (Sterling) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Return Accumulation Period divided by 365 or, in the case of a Periodic Distribution Date falling 
in a leap year, 366; 
(d) 
if Actual/360 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Return 
Accumulation Period divided by 360; 
(e) 
if 30/360 360/360 or Bond Basis is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in 
the Return Accumulation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
  [  ଷ଺଴ × (௒మି௒భ)ା[ଷ଴ × (ெమ – ெభ) ା (஽మ ି ஽భ)]
ଷ଺଴
 
where: 
“Y1”  
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Return Accumulation Period 
falls; 
“Y2” 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Return Accumulation Period falls; 
“M1” 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Return 
Accumulation Period falls; 
“M2” 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Return Accumulation Period falls; 
“D1” 
is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Return Accumulation Period, unless 
such number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” 
is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Return Accumulation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 
29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(f) 
if 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Return Accumulation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
  [  ଷ଺଴ × (௒మି௒భ)ା[ଷ଴ × (ெమ – ெభ) ା (஽మ ି ஽భ)]
ଷ଺଴
 
where: 
“Y1” 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Return Accumulation Period 
falls; 
“Y2” 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Return Accumulation Period falls; 
“M1” 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Return 
Accumulation Period falls; 
“M2” 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Return Accumulation Period falls;  
“D1” 
is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Return Accumulation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” 
is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Return Accumulation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will 
be 30;

--- Page 66 ---
52 
 
(g) 
if 30E/360 (ISDA) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the Return 
Accumulation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
  [  ଷ଺଴ × (௒మି௒భ)ା[ଷ଴ × (ெమ – ெభ) ା (஽మ ି ஽భ)]
ଷ଺଴
 
where: 
“Y1” 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Return Accumulation Period 
falls; 
“Y2” 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Return Accumulation Period falls; 
“M1” 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Return 
Accumulation Period falls; 
“M2” 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Return Accumulation Period falls; 
“D1” 
is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Return Accumulation Period, unless 
(i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 
will be 30; and 
“D2” 
is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Return Accumulation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the 
Scheduled Dissolution Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
7.6 
Benchmark Discontinuation: 
(a) 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 7, if SIB determines that a Benchmark Event 
has occurred in relation to the Reference Rate when the Rate (or any component part thereof) for 
any Return Accumulation Period remains to be determined by reference to such Reference Rate, 
then SIB may elect to apply the following provisions; 
(b) 
SIB shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably 
practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with 
this Condition 7.6) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread, if any (in accordance with Condition 
7.6(b)(iii)) and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 7.6(b)(iv)).  
Any Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 7.6 shall act and make all determinations 
pursuant to this Condition 7.6 in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. In the absence of bad 
faith or fraud, the Independent Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to the Trustee, SIB, the Delegate, 
the Agents or the Certificateholders for any determination made by it pursuant to this Condition 7.6 and the 
Delegate will not be liable for any loss, liability, cost, charge or expense which may arise as a result thereof.  
(i) 
If (i) SIB is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or (ii) the Independent Adviser 
appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate 
in accordance with this Condition 7.6 prior to the relevant Periodic Distribution 
Determination Date, the Reference Rate applicable to the immediate following Return 
Accumulation Period shall be the Reference Rate applicable as at the last preceding 
Periodic Distribution Determination Date. If there has not been a first Periodic Distribution 
Date, the Reference Rate shall be the Reference Rate applicable to the first Return 
Accumulation Period. For the avoidance of doubt, any adjustment pursuant to this 
Condition 7.6(a)(i) (Benchmark Discontinuation) shall apply to the immediately following 
Return Accumulation Period only. Any subsequent Return Accumulation Period may be 
subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 7.6 (Benchmark Discontinuation).  
(ii) 
If the Independent Adviser determines in its discretion that:  
(1) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment 
as provided in Condition 7.6(a)(iii)) subsequently be used in place of the 
Reference Rate to determine the Rate for the immediately following Return

--- Page 67 ---
53 
 
Accumulation Period and all following Return Accumulation Periods, subject to 
the subsequent operation of this Condition 7.6 in the event of a further Benchmark 
Event affecting the Successor Rate; or  
(2) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 7.6(a)(iii)) 
subsequently be used in place of the Reference Rate to determine the Rate for the 
immediately following Return Accumulation Period and all following Return 
Accumulation Periods, subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 7.6 
in the event of a further Benchmark Event affecting the Alternative Rate.  
(iii) 
If the Independent Adviser determines in its discretion (A) that an Adjustment Spread is 
required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) 
and (B) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment 
Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall apply to the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate (as the case may be).  
(iv) 
If any relevant Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in 
accordance with this Condition 7.6 and the Independent Adviser (in consultation with SIB) 
determines in its discretion (i) that amendments to these Conditions and/or any of the 
Transaction Documents are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor 
Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the Benchmark 
Amendments) and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then Trustee and SIB 
shall, following consultation with the Calculation Agent (or the person specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate and the Periodic 
Distribution Amount(s)), subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 
7.6(a)(v), without any requirement for the consent or approval of relevant 
Certificateholders, vary these Conditions and/or such Transaction Documents to give effect 
to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice (and 
for the avoidance of doubt, the Delegate shall, at the direction and expense of the Trustee 
and SIB, consent to and effect such consequential amendments to the Transaction 
Documents and these Conditions as may be required in order to give effect to this Condition 
7.6). 
(v) 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark 
Amendments, 
determined 
under 
this 
Condition 
7.6 
(Benchmark 
Discontinuation) will be notified promptly by the Trustee (failing which, SIB) to the 
Delegate, the Calculation Agent and, in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices), the 
Certificateholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of 
the Benchmark Amendments, if any.  
(vi) 
No later than notifying the Delegate of the same, the Trustee shall deliver to the Delegate 
a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Trustee:  
(1) 
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (y) the relevant Successor 
Rate, or, as the case may be, the relevant Alternative Rate and, (z) where 
applicable, any relevant Adjustment Spread and/or the specific terms of any 
relevant Benchmark Amendments, in each case as determined in accordance with 
the provisions of this Condition 7.6; and  
(2) 
certifying that the relevant Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure the 
proper operation of such relevant Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or 
Adjustment Spread.  
(vii) 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of 
manifest error or bad faith in the determination of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
and such Adjustment Spread (if any) and such Benchmark Amendments (if any)) be 
binding on the Trustee, SIB, the Delegate, the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation 
Agent and the Certificateholders.  
(c) 
As used in this Condition 7.6 (Benchmark Discontinuation):

--- Page 68 ---
54 
 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the formula 
or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent Adviser determines 
is required to be applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the relevant Alternative Rate (as the case 
may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which:  
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided as an 
option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(ii) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate), the 
Independent Adviser determines is customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital markets transactions to 
produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Reference Rate; or    
(iii) 
(if the Independent Adviser determines there is no such spread formula or methodology 
customarily applied) the Independent Adviser determines, is recognised or acknowledged 
as being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference 
the Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be);  
(iv) 
(if the Independent Adviser determines that no such industry standard is recognised or 
acknowledged) the Independent Adviser determines to be appropriate to reduce or 
eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic 
prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Certificateholders as a result of the replacement 
of the Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate.  
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent Adviser 
determines in accordance with this Condition 7.6 (Benchmark Discontinuation) is customary in 
market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining floating 
periodic distribution rates (or the relevant component part thereof) in the Specified Currency.  
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(i) 
the relevant Reference Rate has ceased to be published on the Relevant Screen Page as a 
result of such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or administered; or 
(ii) 
a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been or will be appointed that will 
continue publication of such Reference Rate) it has ceased publishing such Reference Rate 
permanently or indefinitely or that it will cease to do so by a specified future date (the 
Specified Future Date); or  
(iii) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate 
that such Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified future date (the Specified Future 
Date), be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(iv) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate 
that means that such Reference Rate will, by a specified future date (the Specified Future 
Date), be prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences, either generally or in respect of the Certificates; or 
(v) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate (as 
applicable) that, in the view of such supervisor, such Reference Rate is or will be (or is or 
will be determined by such supervisor to be) no longer representative of an underlying 
market; or 
(vi) 
it has or will, by a specified date within the following six months, become unlawful for 
the Calculation Agent to calculate any payments due to be made to any Certificateholder 
using the relevant Reference Rate (as applicable) (including, without limitation, under the 
Benchmarks Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 or Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part 
of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018, if applicable).

--- Page 69 ---
55 
 
Notwithstanding the sub-paragraphs above, where the relevant Benchmark Event is a public 
statement within sub-paragraphs (ii), (iii), (iv) or (v) above the Benchmark Event shall be deemed 
to occur on the Specified Future Date and not the date of the relevant public statement, provided 
that where the Specified Future Date in the public statement is more than six months after the date 
of that public statement, the Benchmark Event shall not be deemed occur until the date falling six 
months prior to such Specified Future Date. 
"Benchmark Amendments" has the meaning given to it in Condition 7.6(a)(iv).  
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial adviser experienced in the international capital markets, in each case 
appointed by SIB at its own expense under Condition 7.6 (Benchmark Discontinuation). 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable):  
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or  
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at 
the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities 
or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof.  
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Reference Rate which is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
7.7 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of a Return Accumulation Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate for such Return Accumulation Period shall be calculated by the Principal 
Paying Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference 
Rate, one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates 
are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Return Accumulation Period and the other of which 
shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next 
longer than the length of the relevant Return Accumulation Period provided however that if there is no rate 
available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Principal Paying Agent 
shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate. 
In this Condition, Designated Maturity means the period of time designated in the Reference Rate.  
7.8 
Calculation of Other Amounts 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies that any other amount is to be calculated by the Calculation Agent, 
the Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time or times at which any such amount is to be 
determined, calculate the relevant amount. The relevant amount will be calculated by the Calculation Agent 
in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
7.9 
Publication 
The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate and Periodic Distribution Amount determined by it, together with 
the relevant Periodic Distribution Date, and any other amount(s) required to be determined by it together with 
any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the Trustee, SIB, the Delegate and the Paying Agents and, if 
listed, Euronext Dublin as soon as practicable after such determination but (in the case of each Rate, Periodic 
Distribution Amount and Periodic Distribution Date) in any event not later than the first day of the relevant 
Return Accumulation Period. Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the Certificateholders. The 
Calculation Agent will be entitled to recalculate any Periodic Distribution Amount (on the basis of the 
foregoing provisions) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the relevant Return 
Accumulation Period. If the Calculation Amount is less than the minimum Specified Denomination, the 
Calculation Agent shall not be obliged to publish each Periodic Distribution Amount but instead may publish

--- Page 70 ---
56 
 
only the Calculation Amount and the Periodic Distribution Amount in respect of a Certificate having the 
minimum Specified Denomination. 
7.10 
Notifications, etc. to be final 
All communications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition by the Calculation Agent 
will (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the Trustee, the Delegate, 
SIB, the Agents and all Certificateholders and (in the absence of wilful default or bad faith) no liability shall 
attach to the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and 
discretions under this Condition. 
8 
PAYMENT 
8.1 
Payments in respect of the Certificates 
Subject to Condition 8.2 (Payments subject to Applicable Law) and the limited recourse provisions set out in 
Condition 3 (Status and limited recourse), payment of any Dissolution Amount and any Periodic Distribution 
Amount will be made by transfer to the registered account of each Certificateholder. Payments of any 
Dissolution Amount will only be made against surrender of the relevant Certificate at the specified office of 
any of the Paying Agents. Each Dissolution Amount and each Periodic Distribution Amount will be paid to 
the holder shown on the Register at the close of business on the relevant Record Date. To the extent that a 
Dissolution Date occurs on a date other than a Periodic Distribution Date, all accrued but unpaid Periodic 
Distribution Amounts shall be due on such Dissolution Date.  
For the purposes of this Condition: 
(a) 
Dissolution Amount means, as appropriate, the Final Dissolution Amount, the Early Dissolution 
Amount (Tax), the Optional Dissolution Amount (Call), the Optional Dissolution Amount 
(Certificateholder Put), the Dissolution Amount for the purposes of Condition 14 (Dissolution 
Events) or such other amount in the nature of a redemption amount as may be specified in, or 
determined in accordance with the provisions of, the applicable Final Terms; 
(b) 
Payment Business Day means: 
(i) 
in the case where presentation and surrender of a definitive Certificate is required before  
payment can be made, a day on which banks in the relevant place of surrender of the 
definitive Certificate are open for presentation and payment of securities and for dealings 
in foreign currencies; and 
(ii) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account: 
(aa)  
if the currency of payment is euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which 
dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional 
Financial Centre; or 
(bb)  
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is a day on which dealings 
in foreign currencies may be carried on in the principal financial centre of the 
currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; 
(c) 
a Certificateholder’s registered account means the account maintained by or on behalf of such 
Certificateholder with a bank that processes payments in the Specified Currency, details of which 
appear on the Register at the close of business on the relevant Record Date; 
(d) 
a Certificateholder’s registered address means its address appearing on the Register at that time; 
and 
(e) 
Record Date means: (i) (where the Certificate is represented by a Global Certificate), at the close 
of the business day (being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
are open for business) before the Periodic Distribution Date, Scheduled Dissolution Date or 
Dissolution Date, as the case may be; or (ii) (where the Certificate is in definitive form), in the case 
of the payment of a Periodic Distribution Amount, the date falling on the fifteenth day before the 
relevant Periodic Distribution Date and, in the case of the payment of a Dissolution Amount, the

--- Page 71 ---
57 
 
date falling two Payment Business Days before the Scheduled Dissolution Date or Dissolution Date, 
as the case may be. 
8.2 
Payments subject to Applicable Laws 
Payments in respect of Certificates are subject in all cases to: (i) any fiscal or other laws, regulations and 
directives applicable thereto in any jurisdiction, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 
11(Taxation); and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 
1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 as amended (the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant 
to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code (FATCA), any regulations or agreements thereunder, official 
interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 11(Taxation)) any law 
implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
8.3 
Payment only on a Payment Business Day 
Payment instructions (for value the due date or, if that is not a Payment Business Day, for value the first 
following day which is a Payment Business Day) will be initiated on the due date for payment or, in the case 
of a payment of any Dissolution Amount, if later, on the Payment Business Day on which the relevant 
definitive Certificate is surrendered at the specified office of a Paying Agent. 
Certificateholders will not be entitled to any additional payment for any delay after the due date in receiving 
the amount due if the due date is not a Payment Business Day or if the relevant Certificateholder is late in 
surrendering its definitive Certificate (if required to do so). 
If the amount of any Dissolution Amount or Periodic Distribution Amount is not paid in full when due, the 
Registrar will annotate the Register with a record of the amount in fact paid. 
9 
AGENTS 
9.1 
Agents of Trustee 
In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Certificates, the Agents act solely as agents 
of the Trustee and (to the extent provided therein) the Delegate, and do not assume any obligations towards 
or relationship of agency or trust for or with any of the Certificateholders. The Agency Agreement contains 
provisions permitting any entity into which any Agent is merged or converted or with which it is consolidated 
or to which it transfers all or substantially all of its assets to become the successor agent. 
9.2 
Specified Offices 
The names of the initial Agents and their initial specified offices are set out in the Agency Agreement. The 
Trustee reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and to appoint 
additional or other Agents provided, however, that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be a Principal Paying Agent; 
(b) 
there will at all times be a Registrar;  
(c) 
if a Calculation Agent (other than the Principal Paying Agent) has been appointed in the applicable 
Final Terms, there will at all times be a Calculation Agent; and 
(d) 
so long as any Certificates are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation on any listing authority, 
stock exchange and/or quotation system, there will at all times be a Paying Agent, Registrar and a 
Transfer Agent having its specified office in such place (if any) as may be required by the rules of 
such listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system.  
Notice of any termination or appointment and of any changes in specified offices will be given to the 
Certificateholders promptly by the Trustee in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices).

--- Page 72 ---
58 
 
10 
CAPITAL DISTRIBUTIONS OF THE TRUST  
10.1 
Scheduled Dissolution 
Unless the Certificates are previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, in full, the Trustee will redeem 
each Certificate on the Scheduled Dissolution Date at the Final Dissolution Amount together with any 
Periodic Distribution Amounts payable. Upon payment in full of such amounts to the Certificateholders, the 
Trust will terminate, the Certificates shall cease to represent undivided ownership interests in the Trust Assets 
and no further amounts shall be payable in respect thereof and the Trustee shall have no further obligations 
in respect thereof. 
10.2 
Early Dissolution for Tax Reasons 
The Certificates may be redeemed by the Trustee in whole, but not in part: 
(a) 
at any time (if the Fixed Periodic Distribution Provisions are specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as being applicable); or 
(b) 
on any Periodic Distribution Date (if the Floating Periodic Distribution Provisions are specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as being applicable), 
(such date, the Tax Dissolution Date) on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the 
Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable), at the Early 
Dissolution Amount (Tax) together with any due but unpaid Periodic Distribution Amount, if a Tax Event 
occurs where Tax Event means: 
(a) 
(1) the Trustee has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in 
Condition 11 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a 
Relevant Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 11(Taxation)) or any change in the application or 
official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective 
on or after the Issue Date of the first Series; and (2) such obligation cannot be avoided by the Trustee 
taking reasonable measures available to it; or 
(b) 
the receipt by the Trustee of notice from SIB that: (1) SIB has or will become obliged to pay 
additional amounts pursuant to the terms of the Service Agency Agreement, the Purchase 
Undertaking and/or the Sale Undertaking as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or 
regulations of a Relevant Jurisdiction or any change in the application or official interpretation of 
such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the Issue Date; 
and (2) such obligation cannot be avoided by SIB taking reasonable measures available to it, 
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given unless an exercise notice has been 
received by the Trustee from SIB under the Sale Undertaking and no such notice of redemption shall be given 
earlier than 60 days prior to the earliest date on which (in the case of (a) above) the Trustee would be obliged 
to pay such additional amounts if a payment in respect of the Certificates were then due or (in the case of (b) 
above) SIB would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment to the Trustee under the Service 
Agency Agreement was then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Trustee shall deliver to the 
Delegate: (i) a certificate signed by one director of the Trustee (in the case of (a) above) or two Authorised 
Signatories of SIB (in the case of (b) above) stating that the Trustee is entitled to effect such dissolution and 
redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent in (a) or (b) above to the 
right of the Trustee so to dissolve have occurred; and (ii) an opinion of independent legal or tax advisers of 
recognised standing to the effect that the Trustee or SIB, as the case may be, has or will become obliged to pay 
such additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment. The Delegate shall be entitled to accept 
(without further investigation) any such certificate and opinion as sufficient evidence thereof in which event it 
shall be conclusive and binding on the Certificateholders. Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to 
in this Condition 10.2 (Early Dissolution for Tax Reasons), the Trustee shall be bound to redeem the Certificates 
at the Early Dissolution Amount (Tax) together with any due but unpaid Periodic Distribution Amount and, 
upon payment in full of such amounts to the Certificateholders, the Trust will terminate, the Certificates shall 
cease to represent undivided ownership interests in the Trust Assets and no further amounts shall be payable in 
respect thereof and the Trustee shall have no further obligations in respect thereof.

--- Page 73 ---
59 
 
10.3 
Dissolution at the Option of the Trustee 
If Optional Dissolution (Call) is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable (such redemption 
right being referred to as Optional Dissolution (Call)), the Certificates may be redeemed in whole but not 
in part on any Optional Dissolution Date, which must be a Periodic Distribution Date if the Floating Periodic 
Distribution Provisions are specified in the applicable Final Terms, at the relevant Optional Dissolution 
Amount (Call) together with any due but unpaid Periodic Distribution Amounts on the Trustee giving not 
less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) 
(which notice shall be irrevocable and shall oblige the Trustee to redeem the Certificates on the relevant 
Optional Dissolution Date). 
Upon such redemption, the Trust will terminate, the Certificates shall cease to represent undivided ownership 
interests in the Trust Assets and no further amounts shall be payable in respect thereof and the Trustee shall 
have no further obligations in respect thereof; provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be 
given unless the Trustee has received an exercise notice from SIB under the Sale Undertaking. 
10.4 
Dissolution at the option of the Certificateholders 
If Certificateholder Put Right is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable (such redemption 
right being referred to as Certificateholder Put Right), upon the holder of any Certificate giving to the 
Trustee in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice the Trustee 
will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem, subject to, and in accordance with, the terms specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, such Certificate on the Certificateholder Put Right Date and at the Optional 
Dissolution Amount (Certificateholder Put) together with any due but unpaid Periodic Distribution Amounts. 
Certificates may be redeemed under this Condition 10.4 (Dissolution at the option of the Certificateholders) 
in any multiple of their lowest Specified Denomination. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Certificate the holder of this Certificate must, if this Certificate 
is in definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver, at the specified office 
of the Registrar at any time during normal business hours of the Registrar falling within the notice period, a 
duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from the 
specified office of the Registrar (a Put Notice) and in which the holder must specify a bank account to which 
payment is to be made under this Condition 10.4 (Dissolution at the option of the Certificateholders) and the 
face amount thereof to be redeemed and, if less than the full amount of the Certificates so surrendered is to be 
redeemed, an address to which a new Certificate in respect of the balance of such Certificate is to be sent 
subject to and in accordance with the provisions of Condition 2.2 (Transfers of Certificates in definitive 
form). 
If this Certificate is represented by a Global Certificate or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require redemption of this Certificate the holder of this 
Certificate must, within the notice period, give notice to the Principal Paying Agent of such exercise in 
accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may include notice 
being given on such Certificateholder’s instruction by Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any depositary 
for them to the Principal Paying Agent by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg from time to time and if this Certificate is represented by a Global Certificate, at the same time 
present or procure the presentation of the relevant Global Certificate to the Principal Paying Agent for notation 
accordingly. 
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg by a holder of any Certificate pursuant to this Condition 10.4 (Dissolution at the option of the 
Certificateholders) shall be irrevocable except where, prior to the due date of redemption, a Dissolution Event 
has occurred and the Certificates are to be redeemed pursuant to Condition 14 (Dissolution Events), in which 
event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Trustee to withdraw the notice given pursuant to this 
Condition 10.4 (Dissolution at the option of the Certificateholders). 
Certificateholder Put Right and Optional Dissolution (Call) may not both be specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
10.5 
No other Dissolution 
The Trustee shall not be entitled to redeem the Certificates or dissolve the Trust, otherwise than as provided 
in this Condition, Condition 13 (Purchase and Cancellation of Certificates) and Condition 14 (Dissolution 
Events).

--- Page 74 ---
60 
 
10.6 
Cancellations 
All Certificates which are redeemed, and all Certificates purchased by or on behalf of SIB or any of its 
Subsidiaries and delivered by SIB to the Principal Paying Agent for cancellation, will forthwith be cancelled 
and accordingly such Certificates may not be held or resold. 
10.7 
Dissolution Date 
In these Conditions, the expression Dissolution Date means, as the case may be: 
(a) 
following the occurrence of a Dissolution Event (as defined in Condition 14 (Dissolution Events)), 
the date on which the Certificates are redeemed in accordance with the provisions of Condition 14 
(Dissolution Events); 
(b) 
the date on which the Certificates are redeemed in accordance with the provisions of Condition 10.2 
(Early Dissolution for Tax Reasons); 
(c) 
any Optional Dissolution Date; or 
(d) 
any Certificateholder Put Right Date. 
11 
TAXATION 
All payments in respect of the Certificates shall be made free and clear of and without withholding or 
deduction for, or on account of, any present or future Taxes, unless the withholding or deduction of the Taxes 
is required by law. In such event, the Trustee will pay additional amounts so that the full amount which 
otherwise would have been due and payable under the Certificates is received by the parties entitled thereto, 
except that no such additional amount shall be payable in relation to any payment in respect of any Certificate: 
(a) 
presented for payment (where presentation is required) in a Relevant Jurisdiction; or 
(b) 
the holder of which is liable for such Taxes in respect of such Certificate by reason of having some 
connection with a Relevant Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of such Certificate; or  
(c) 
presented for payment (where presentation is required) more than 30 days after the Relevant Date 
(as defined below) except to the extent that a holder would have been entitled to additional amounts 
on presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a Payment 
Business Day.  
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Conditions, none of the Trustee, any paying agent or any 
other person shall be required to pay any additional amounts with respect to any withholding or deduction 
imposed on or with respect to any Certificate pursuant to FATCA, any regulations or agreements thereunder, 
official interpretations thereof or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
As used in these Conditions: 
Relevant Date means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date on which the payment 
in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not been received in the principal financial 
centre of the currency of payment by the Principal Paying Agent on or prior to such due date, the date on 
which the full amount has been so received and notice to that effect has duly been given to the Certificate 
holders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices); 
Relevant Jurisdiction means: (a) in the case of payments to be made by the Trustee, the Cayman Islands; or 
(b) in the case of payments to be made by SIB (acting in any capacity), the United Arab Emirates or any 
Emirate therein or, in each case, any political subdivision or authority thereof or therein having the power to 
tax; and 
Taxes means any present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, fees, assessments or other charges of 
whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Relevant Jurisdiction. 
The Purchase Undertaking, the Sale Undertaking and the Service Agency Agreement provide that payments 
and transfers thereunder by SIB, shall be made free and clear of and without withholding or deduction for, 
or on account of, any present or future Taxes, unless the withholding or deduction of the Taxes is required

--- Page 75 ---
61 
 
by law and, in such case, provide for the payment or transfer, as the case may be, by SIB of additional 
amounts so that the full amount which would otherwise have been due and payable or transferable, as the 
case may be, is received by the Trustee. 
12 
PRESCRIPTION 
The right to receive distributions in respect of the Certificates will be forfeited unless claimed within a period 
of 10 years (in the case of Dissolution Amounts) and a period of five years (in the case of Periodic Distribution 
Amounts) from the Relevant Date in respect thereof, subject to the provisions of Condition 8 (Payment). 
13 
PURCHASE AND CANCELLATION OF CERTIFICATES  
13.1 
Purchases 
SIB or any of its Subsidiaries may at any time purchase Certificates at any price in the open market or 
otherwise. Such Certificates may be held, re-sold or, at the option of SIB, surrendered to the Registrar for 
cancellation in accordance with Condition 13.2 (Cancellation of Certificates held by SIB and/or any of its 
Subsidiaries). 
For the purposes of these Conditions, Subsidiary means, in relation to SIB, any entity whose financial 
statements at any time are required by law or in accordance with provisions of generally accepted accounting 
principles to be fully consolidated with those of SIB. 
13.2 
Cancellation of Certificates held by SIB and/or any of its Subsidiaries 
Following any purchase of Certificates by or on behalf of SIB or any of its Subsidiaries pursuant to Condition 
13.1 (Purchases), the Sale Undertaking may be exercised by SIB in respect of the transfer to SIB of a 
Cancellation Interest in the Portfolio with an aggregate Value not greater than the aggregate face amount of 
the Certificates so purchased against cancellation of such Certificates pursuant to Condition 10.6 
(Cancellations). 
13.3 
Dissolution of the Trust upon cancellation of all outstanding Certificates in a Series 
In the event SIB and/or any of its Subsidiaries purchase all the outstanding Certificates in a Series, and all 
such Certificates are subsequently cancelled by the Trustee following the exercise of SIB’s rights under the 
relevant Sale Undertaking, the relevant Trust will be dissolved and the Certificates shall cease to represent 
an undivided ownership interest in the relevant Trust Assets and no further amounts shall be payable in 
respect thereof and the Trustee shall have no further obligations in respect thereof. 
14 
DISSOLUTION EVENTS 
Upon the occurrence and continuation of any of the following events (Dissolution Events): 
(a) 
default is made in the payment of any Dissolution Amount or any Periodic Distribution Amount on 
the due date for payment thereof and such default continues unremedied for a period of either seven 
days from the due date of payment in the case of any Periodic Distribution Amount or fourteen days 
from the due date of payment in the case of any Dissolution Amount; or 
(b) 
the Trustee fails to perform or observe any of its other duties, obligations or undertakings under the 
Transaction Documents and (except in any case where, in the opinion of the Delegate, the failure is 
incapable of remedy when no such continuation or notice as is hereinafter mentioned will be 
required) the failure continues for the period of 28 days following the service by the Delegate of a 
notice on the Trustee requiring the same to be remedied; or 
(c) 
a SIB Event (as defined in the Purchase Undertaking) occurs; or 
(d) 
the Trustee repudiates any Transaction Document or does or causes to be done any act or thing 
evidencing an intention to repudiate any Transaction Document to which it is a party; or 
(e) 
at any time it is or will become unlawful or impossible for the Trustee (by way of insolvency or 
otherwise) to perform or comply with any or all of its obligations under the Transaction Documents 
to which it is party or any of the obligations of the Trustee under the Transaction Documents to 
which it is a party are not or cease to be legal, valid, binding and enforceable; or

--- Page 76 ---
62 
 
(f) 
either: (i) the Trustee becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts as they fall due; or (ii) an 
administrator or liquidator of the whole or substantially the whole of the undertaking, assets and 
revenues of the Trustee is appointed (or application for any such appointment is made and such 
application is not set aside, discharged or struck out within 21 days); or (iii) the Trustee takes any 
action for a readjustment or deferment of any of its obligations or makes a general assignment or an 
arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors or declares a moratorium in respect 
of any of its indebtedness or any guarantee of any indebtedness given by it; or (iv) the Trustee ceases 
or threatens to cease to carry on all or substantially the whole of its business (otherwise than for the 
purposes of or pursuant to an amalgamation, reorganisation or restructuring whilst solvent); or 
(g) 
an order or decree is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding up, liquidation or 
dissolution of the Trustee; or 
(h) 
any event occurs which under the laws of the Cayman Islands has an analogous effect to any of the 
events referred to in paragraph (f) and (g) above, 
the Delegate (subject to it being indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction), if notified in 
writing of the occurrence of such Dissolution Event, shall give notice of the occurrence of such Dissolution 
Event to the holders of Certificates in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) with a request to such holders to 
indicate if they wish the Certificates to be redeemed and the Trust to be dissolved. If so requested in writing by 
the holders of at least one-fifth of the then aggregate face amount of the Certificates outstanding or if so directed 
by an Extraordinary Resolution of the holders of the Certificates (each a Dissolution Request), the Delegate 
shall (subject in each case to being indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction) give notice 
of the Dissolution Request to the Trustee and SIB (with a copy served on all holders of the Certificates in 
accordance with Condition 17 (Notices)) whereupon the Dissolution Amount (specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) shall be immediately due and payable, together with any due but unpaid Periodic Distribution 
Amounts on the date of such notice. Upon payment in full of such amounts, the Certificates shall be redeemed 
and the Certificates shall cease to represent undivided ownership interests in the Trust Assets, the Trust will 
terminate and no further amounts shall be payable in respect thereof and the Trustee shall have no further 
obligations in respect thereof. 
For the purpose of (a) above, amounts shall be considered due in respect of the Certificates (including any 
amounts calculated as being payable under Condition 6 (Fixed Periodic Distribution Provisions), Condition 
7 (Floating Periodic Distribution Provisions) and Condition 10 (Capital Distributions of the Trust) 
notwithstanding that the Trustee has, at the relevant time, insufficient funds or Trust Assets to pay such 
amounts. 
Under the Purchase Undertaking, a SIB Event means: 
(a) 
Non-payment: SIB (acting in any capacity) fails to pay any amount payable by it pursuant to any 
Transaction Document to which it is a party and such failure continues for a period of 14 days of 
the due date for payment; or 
(b) 
Breach of other obligations: SIB (acting in any capacity) defaults in the performance or observance 
of any of its covenants and/or obligations under or in respect of the Transaction Documents and 
such default remains unremedied, unless the default is, in the opinion of the Delegate, capable of 
remedy and is not, in the opinion of the Delegate, remedied within 28 days after written notice of 
such default shall have been given to SIB by the Delegate; or 
(c) 
Tangibility Event: a Tangibility Event occurs; or 
(d) 
Cross Acceleration: 
(i) 
any Indebtedness of SIB or any of its Material Subsidiaries (or any Guarantee given by 
any of them in respect of any Indebtedness) is not paid when due or, as the case may be, 
within any originally applicable grace period; or 
(ii) 
any such Indebtedness is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its 
specified maturity (or, in the case of a Guarantee, is called) as a result of an event of 
default (however described), 
provided, however, that it shall not constitute an Event of Default unless the aggregate amount (or 
its equivalent in U.S. dollars) of all such Indebtedness or Guarantees either alone or when

--- Page 77 ---
63 
 
aggregated with all other Indebtedness or Guarantees which shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied or 
is so declared or becomes due and payable or is called, as the case may be, shall be more than 
U.S.$10,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency); or 
(e) 
Repudiation: SIB (acting in any capacity) repudiates or challenges the valid, legal, binding and 
enforceable nature of any or any part of a Transaction Document to which it is a party or does or 
causes to be done any act or thing evidencing an intention to repudiate or challenge the valid, legal, 
binding and enforceable nature of any Transaction Document to which it is a party; or 
(f) 
Illegality: at any time it is or will become unlawful for SIB (acting in any capacity) to perform or 
comply with any or all of its obligations under or in respect of the Transaction Documents or any 
of the obligations of SIB (acting in any capacity) under the Transaction Documents are not, or cease 
to be legal, valid, binding and enforceable; or 
(g) 
Moratorium: if SIB for any reason declares a moratorium on the payment of any Indebtedness or 
in respect of any Guarantee of any Indebtedness given by it; or 
(h) 
Failure to take action etc: any action, condition or thing (including the obtaining or effecting of 
any necessary consent, approval, authorisation, exemption, filing, licence, order, recording or 
registration) at any time required to be taken, fulfilled or done in order: 
(i) 
to enable SIB (acting in any capacity) lawfully to enter into, exercise its rights and perform 
and comply with its obligations under and in respect of the Transaction Documents; or 
(ii) 
to ensure that those obligations are legal, valid, binding and enforceable, 
is not taken, fulfilled or done and, in each case, is incapable of remedy or, if, in the opinion of the 
Delegate, is capable of remedy, is not, in the opinion of the Delegate, remedied within 14 days after 
written notice requiring remedy shall have been given to SIB by the Delegate; or 
(i) 
Insolvency etc: if any one of the following events shall occur and be continuing: 
(i) 
SIB or any of its Material Subsidiaries takes any corporate action or other steps are taken 
or legal proceedings are started for its winding-up, nationalisation, dissolution, 
bankruptcy, administration or reorganisation (whether by way of voluntary arrangement, 
scheme of arrangement or otherwise) or for the appointment of a liquidator, receiver, 
administrator, administrative receiver, conservator, custodian, trustee or similar officer of 
it or of any substantial part or all of its revenues and assets, except for the purposes of and 
followed by a reconstruction, amalgamation, reorganisation, merger or consolidation (1) 
on terms approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Certificateholders or (2) in the 
case of a Material Subsidiary, whereby the undertaking and assets of the Material 
Subsidiary are transferred to or otherwise vested in SIB or another Subsidiary of SIB; 
(ii) 
SIB or any of its Material Subsidiaries is (or is deemed by a court or any applicable 
legislation to be) insolvent or bankrupt or unable to pay all or a material part of its debts 
as the same fall due, or stops, suspends or threatens to stop or suspend payment of all or 
a material part of its debts; 
(iii) 
SIB or any of its Material Subsidiaries take any action or commences any negotiations or 
proceedings with a view to (1) the general readjustment or rescheduling of all or a material 
part of its debts, or (2) any deferment of any of its obligations or (3) making a general 
assignment or an arrangement or composition or conciliation with or for the benefit of its 
creditors in respect of all or a material part of its debts; or 
(iv) 
SIB or any of its Material Subsidiaries ceases to carry on the whole or a substantial part 
of its business except for the purposes of and followed by a reconstruction, amalgamation, 
reorganisation, merger or consolidation (1) on terms approved by an Extraordinary 
Resolution of the Certificateholders or (2) in the case of a Material Subsidiary, whereby 
the undertaking and assets of the Material Subsidiary are transferred to or otherwise 
vested in SIB or another Subsidiary of SIB; or 
(j) 
Creditor’s process: any expropriation, execution, attachment, distress, sequestration or other 
similar legal process made pursuant to a court order or judgment or arising by virtue of any law or

--- Page 78 ---
64 
 
regulation affects the whole or any substantial part of the property of SIB or any of its Material 
Subsidiaries and is not discharged within 30 days; or 
(k) 
Unsatisfied judgments: the aggregate amount of all unsatisfied judgments, decrees or orders of 
courts or other appropriate law enforcement bodies for the payment of money against SIB or any of 
its Material Subsidiaries in the aggregate exceeds U.S.$10,000,000 (or the equivalent thereof in any 
other currency or currencies) and there is a period of 30 days following the entry thereof or, if later, 
the date therein specified for payment during which such judgment, decree or order is not appealed, 
discharged, waived or the execution thereof stayed; or 
(l) 
Enforcement of security: any Security Interest present or future, created or assumed by SIB or any 
of its Material Subsidiaries in respect of all or a material part of the property, assets or revenues of 
SIB or any of its Material Subsidiaries, as the case may be, becomes enforceable and any step is 
taken to enforce it (including the taking of possession or the appointment of a receiver, 
administrative receiver, manager or other similar person); or 
(m) 
Government action: by or under the authority of any government or governmental body: 
(i) 
the management of SIB or any of its Material Subsidiaries is wholly or partially displaced 
or the authority of SIB or any of its Material Subsidiaries in the conduct of its business is 
wholly or partially curtailed; or 
(ii) 
all or a majority of the issued shares of SIB or any of its Material Subsidiaries or the whole 
or a substantial part of their respective revenues or assets is seized, nationalised, 
expropriated or compulsorily acquired; or 
(n) 
Analogous event: any event occurs which has an analogous effect to any of the events referred to 
in paragraphs (h)(Insolvency etc), (i)(Creditor’s process) and (k)(Enforcement of security) 
(inclusive) above. 
A Tangibility Event means, if, at any time, following the Issue Date of the first Tranche of a Series, the 
aggregate Value of the Tangible Assets comprised within the Portfolio in relation to such Series falls below 
33 per cent. of the Portfolio Value. 
15 
ENFORCEMENT AND EXERCISE OF RIGHTS  
15.1 
Enforcement 
Upon the occurrence of a Dissolution Event and the giving of notice of a Dissolution Request to the Trustee 
by the Delegate, to the extent that the amounts payable in respect of the Certificates have not been paid in 
full pursuant to Condition 14 (Dissolution Events), the Delegate shall (subject to Condition 15.2 (Delegate 
not obliged to take Action) and being indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction), take 
one or more of the following steps: 
(a) 
enforce the provisions of the Purchase Undertaking and/or the Service Agency Agreement against 
SIB; and/or 
(b) 
take such other steps as the Delegate may consider necessary in its absolute discretion to protect the 
interests of the Certificateholders. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing but subject to Condition 15.2 (Delegate not obliged to take Action), the 
Delegate may at any time, at its discretion and without notice, take such proceedings and/or other steps as it 
may think fit against or in relation to each of the Trustee and/or SIB to enforce their respective obligations 
under the Transaction Documents, these Conditions and the Certificates. 
15.2 
Delegate not obliged to take Action 
The Delegate shall not be bound in any circumstances to take any action to enforce or to realise the Trust 
Assets or take any action against the Trustee and/or SIB under any Transaction Document unless directed 
or requested to do so: (a) by an Extraordinary Resolution; or (b) in writing by the holders of at least one-
fifth of the then aggregate face amount of the Certificates outstanding, and in either case then only if it shall 
be indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction against all liabilities to which it may 
thereby render itself liable or which it may incur by so doing provided that the Delegate shall not be liable

--- Page 79 ---
65 
 
for the consequences of exercising its discretion or taking any such action and may do so without having 
regard to the effect of such action on individual Certificateholders. 
15.3 
Direct Enforcement by Certificateholder 
No Certificateholder shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Trustee and/or SIB or provide instructions 
(not otherwise permitted by the Trust Deed) to the Delegate to proceed against the Trustee and/or SIB under 
any Transaction Document unless the Delegate, having become bound to proceed pursuant to Condition 15.2 
(Delegate not obliged to take Action), fails to do so within a reasonable period of becoming so bound and such 
failure is continuing. Under no circumstances shall the Delegate or any Certificateholder have any right to 
cause the sale or other disposition of any of the Trust Assets (other than pursuant to the Transaction 
Documents) and the sole right of the Delegate and the Certificateholders against the Trustee and SIB shall 
be to enforce their respective obligations under the Transaction Documents. 
15.4 
Limited Recourse 
The foregoing paragraphs in this Condition are subject to this paragraph. After enforcing or realising the Trust 
Assets and distributing the proceeds of the Trust Assets in accordance with Condition 4.2 (Application of 
Proceeds from the Trust Assets) and the Trust Deed, the obligations of the Trustee in respect of the Certificates 
shall be satisfied and no holder of the Certificates may take any further steps against the Trustee, the Delegate 
or any other person (including any director, shareholder, officer, employee of the Trustee or Delegate) to 
recover any further sums in respect of the Certificates and the right to receive any sums unpaid shall be 
extinguished. In particular, no holder of the Certificates shall be entitled in respect thereof to petition or to take 
any other steps for the winding-up of SIB Sukuk Company III Limited. 
16 
REPLACEMENT OF DEFINITIVE CERTIFICATES 
Should any definitive Certificate be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed it may be replaced at the specified 
office of the Registrar (and if the Certificates are then admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the appointment of a Paying Agent 
or Transfer Agent in any particular place, the Paying Agent or Transfer Agent having its specified office in the 
place required by such competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system), subject to all applicable 
laws and competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system requirements, upon payment by the 
claimant of the expenses incurred in connection with the replacement and on such terms as to evidence and 
indemnity as the Trustee, SIB, the Registrar, the Paying Agent or the Transfer Agent may require. Mutilated or 
defaced Certificates must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
17 
NOTICES 
All notices to Certificateholders will be valid if: 
(a) 
published in a leading English language daily newspaper having general circulation in the Republic 
of Ireland (which is expected to be the Irish Times), or published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
(https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin) or, if in either case such publication is not 
practicable, in a leading English language newspaper having general circulation in Europe; or 
(b) 
mailed to them by first class pre-paid registered mail (or its equivalent) or (if posted to an overseas 
address) by airmail at their respective registered addresses. 
The Trustee shall also ensure that notices are duly given or published in a manner which complies with the 
rules and regulations of any listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the 
Certificates have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation. Any notice shall be deemed to have 
been given on the day after being so mailed or on the date of publication or, if so published more than once 
or on different dates, on the date of the first publication. 
Until such time as any definitive Certificates are issued, there may, so long as any Global Certificate 
representing the Certificates is held on behalf of one or more clearing systems, be substituted for such 
publication in such newspaper(s) or website(s) the delivery of the relevant notice to the relevant clearing 
systems for communication by them to the Certificateholders and, in addition, for so long as any Certificates 
are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of such 
stock exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will be published in a daily newspaper of general 
circulation in the place or places required by those rules. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given

--- Page 80 ---
66 
 
to the Certificateholders on the day after the day on which the said notice was given to the relevant clearing 
systems.  
Notices to be given by any Certificateholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same with the 
Principal Paying Agent. Whilst any of the Certificates are represented by a Global Certificate held on behalf 
of one or more clearing systems, such notice may be given by any holder of a Certificate to the Principal 
Paying Agent through the clearing system in which its interest in the Certificates is held in such manner as 
the Principal Paying Agent and the relevant clearing system may approve for this purpose. 
18 
MEETINGS OF CERTIFICATEHOLDERS, MODIFICATION, WAIVER, AUTHORISATION 
AND DETERMINATION 
18.1 
The Master Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of Certificateholders to consider any 
matter affecting their interests, including the modification or abrogation by Extraordinary Resolution of any 
of these Conditions or the provisions of the Trust Deed. The quorum at any meeting for passing an 
Extraordinary Resolution will be one or more Eligible Persons (as defined in the Master Trust Deed) present 
and holding or representing in the aggregate more than 50 per cent. of the then outstanding aggregate face 
amount of the Certificates, or at any adjourned such meeting one or more Eligible Persons present (whatever 
the outstanding face amount of the Certificates held or represented by him or them), except that any meeting 
the business of which includes the modification of certain provisions of the Certificates (including modifying 
the Scheduled Dissolution Date, reducing or cancelling any amount payable in respect of the Certificates or 
altering the currency of payment of the Certificates or amending Condition 5 (Covenants) and certain 
covenants given by SIB in the Transaction Documents), the quorum shall be one or more Eligible Persons 
present holding or representing not less than two-thirds in the outstanding face amount of the Certificates, or 
at any adjourned such meeting one or more Eligible Persons present holding or representing not less than 
one-third in the outstanding face amount of the Certificates. 
The expression Extraordinary Resolution is defined in the Master Trust Deed to mean any of: (a) a 
resolution passed at a meeting duly convened and held by a majority consisting of not less than 75 per cent. 
of the votes cast; (b) a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. 
in face amount of the Certificates; or (c) consent given by way of electronic consents through the relevant 
clearing system(s) (in a form satisfactory to the Delegate) by or on behalf of not less than 75 per cent. in face 
amount of the Certificates for the time being outstanding. 
All references in this Condition to a meeting are to a physical meeting, a virtual meeting or a hybrid meeting 
(each as defined in the Master Trust Deed) of Certificateholders and shall, where the context so permits, 
include any adjournment. 
18.2 
The Delegate may agree, without the consent or sanction of the Certificateholders, to any modification of 
any of these Conditions or of any of the provisions of the Transaction Documents if, in the opinion of the 
Delegate: (a) such modification is of a formal, minor or technical nature; (b) such modification is made to 
correct a manifest error; or (c) such modification is not materially prejudicial to the interests of the 
Certificateholders and is other than in respect of a Reserved Matter. Any such modification may be made on 
such terms and subject to such conditions (if any) as the Delegate may so determine. The Delegate shall also 
agree to any modification of the Conditions or the Transaction Documents in accordance with Condition 7.6. 
18.3 
The Delegate may, without the consent or sanction of the Certificateholders and if, in the opinion of the 
Delegate, such waiver, authorisation or determination is not materially prejudicial to the interests of the 
Certificateholders, consent to any waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of any provision 
of these Conditions or of any of the provisions of the Transaction Documents or may determine that any 
Dissolution Event or Potential Dissolution Event shall not be treated as such, provided that, in each case, the 
Delegate will not do so in contravention of an express direction given by an Extraordinary Resolution or a 
request made pursuant to Condition 14 (Dissolution Events) or so as to authorise or waive any such breach 
or proposed breach or make any such determination in relation to a Reserved Matter. No such direction or 
request will affect a previous consent, waiver, authorisation or determination. Any such waiver, authorisation 
or determination may be made on such terms and subject to such conditions (if any) as the Delegate may so 
determine. 
For these purposes, Potential Dissolution Event means any condition, event or act which, with the lapse of 
time and/or the issue, making or giving of any notice, certification, declaration, demand, determination and/or 
request and/or the taking of any similar action and/or the fulfilment of any similar condition, would constitute 
a Dissolution Event.

--- Page 81 ---
67 
 
18.4 
In connection with the exercise by it of any of its trusts, powers, authorities and discretions (including, 
without limitation, any modification, waiver, authorisation or determination), the Delegate shall have regard 
to the general interests of the Certificateholders as a class (but shall not have regard to any interests arising 
from circumstances particular to individual Certificateholders (whatever their number) and, in particular but 
without limitation, shall not have regard to the consequences of any such exercise for individual 
Certificateholders (whatever their number) resulting from their being for any purpose domiciled or resident 
in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any particular territory or any political sub-
division thereof) and the Delegate shall not be entitled to require, nor shall any Certificateholder be entitled 
to claim from the Delegate or any other person, any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax 
consequence of any such exercise upon individual Certificateholders. 
18.5 
Any modification, abrogation, waiver, authorisation or determination shall be binding on all the 
Certificateholders and shall be notified to the Certificateholders as soon as practicable thereafter in 
accordance with Condition 17 (Notices). 
19 
INDEMNIFICATION AND LIABILITY OF THE DELEGATE AND THE TRUSTEE 
19.1 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of each of the Delegate and the Trustee in certain 
circumstances and for its relief from responsibility, including provisions relieving it from taking action unless 
indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction as well as provisions entitling the Delegate to 
be paid its costs and expenses in priority to the claims of the Certificateholders. In particular, in connection 
with the exercise of certain rights arising after the occurrence of a Dissolution Event in respect of the Trust 
Assets, the Delegate shall not be required to take any action unless directed to do so in accordance with 
Condition 15.2 (Delegate not obliged to take Action). 
19.2 
Neither the Delegate nor the Trustee makes any representation or assumes any responsibility for the validity, 
sufficiency or enforceability of the obligations of SIB under the Transaction Documents, and the Delegate 
and the Trustee shall not under any circumstances have any liability or be obliged to account to the 
Certificateholders in respect of any payments which should have been made by SIB but are not so made and 
shall not in any circumstances have any liability arising from or in relation to the Trust Assets other than as 
expressly provided in these Conditions or in the Trust Deed. 
19.3 
Each of the Trustee and the Delegate is exempted from: 
(a) 
any liability in respect of any loss or theft of the Trust Assets or any cash; 
(b) 
any obligation to insure the Trust Assets or any cash; and 
(c) 
any claim arising from the fact that the Trust Assets or any cash are held by or on behalf of the Trustee 
or on deposit or in an account with any depositary or clearing system or are registered in the name of 
the Trustee or its nominee, unless such loss or theft arises as a result of gross negligence, wilful default 
or fraud by the Trustee or the Delegate, as the case may be. 
19.4 
The Trust Deed also contains provisions pursuant to which the Delegate is entitled, inter alia: 
(a) 
to enter into business transactions with SIB and/or any of its Subsidiaries and to act as trustee for 
the holders of any other securities issued or guaranteed by, or relating to SIB and/or any of its 
Subsidiaries; 
(b) 
to exercise and enforce its rights, comply with its obligations and perform its duties under or in 
relation to any such transactions or, as the case may be, any such trusteeship without regard to the 
interests of, or consequences for, the Certificateholders; and 
(c) 
to retain and not be liable to account for any profit made or any other amount or benefit received 
thereby or in connection therewith. 
20 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No rights are conferred on any person under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce any 
term of these Conditions, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which exists or is available 
apart from that Act. 
21 
FURTHER ISSUES

--- Page 82 ---
68 
 
In respect of any Series, the Trustee may from time to time (but subject always to the provisions of the Master 
Trust Deed) without the consent of the Certificateholders create and issue additional Certificates having the 
same Conditions as the outstanding Certificates of such Series or Conditions which are the same in all 
respects save for the date and amount of the first payment of the Periodic Distribution Amount and the date 
from which Periodic Distribution Amounts start to accrue, and so that the same shall be consolidated and 
form a single Series with the outstanding Certificates of such Series. Any additional Certificates, which are 
to form a single Series with the outstanding Certificates of a particular Series, shall be constituted by a deed 
supplemental to the Master Trust Deed as supplemented by the relevant supplemental trust deed. References 
in these Conditions to the Certificates include (unless the context requires otherwise) any other Certificates 
issued pursuant to this Condition and forming a single Series with such Certificates. 
22 
GOVERNING LAW AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION 
22.1 
The Trust Deed, the Certificates and these Conditions (including the remaining provisions of this Condition 
22 (Governing Law and Dispute Resolution) and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Trust Deed, the Certificates and these Conditions are governed by, and shall be construed 
in accordance with, English law. 
22.2 
Subject to Condition 22.3 to Condition 22.6, any dispute, claim, difference or controversy arising out of, 
relating to or having any connection with the Trust Deed, the Certificates and these Conditions (including 
any dispute as to their existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach or termination of the Trust 
Deed, the Certificates and these Conditions or the consequences of the nullity of any of them or a dispute 
relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them) (a Dispute) shall be 
referred to and finally resolved by arbitration under the LCIA Arbitration Rules (the Rules), which Rules (as 
amended from time to time) are incorporated by reference into this Condition. For these purposes: 
(a) 
the seat of arbitration shall be London; 
(b) 
there shall be three arbitrators, each of whom shall be disinterested in the arbitration, shall have no 
connection with any party thereto and shall be an attorney experienced in international securities 
transactions; and 
(c) 
the language of the arbitration shall be English. 
22.3 
Notwithstanding Condition 22.2 above, the Delegate (or, but only where permitted to take action in 
accordance with the terms of the Trust Deed, any Certificateholder) may, in the alternative, and at its sole 
discretion, by notice in writing to the Trustee require that a Dispute be heard by a court of law. 
22.4 
The notice described in Condition 22.3 above may be given not later than 28 days after service of a Request 
for Arbitration (as defined in the Rules). 
22.5 
If the Delegate gives notice pursuant to Clause 22.3, the Dispute to which such notice refers shall be 
determined in accordance with Condition 22.6 and if any arbitration commenced under Condition 22.2 in 
respect of that Dispute, the following shall apply: 
(a) 
the arbitration will be terminated; 
(b) 
with the exception of the Delegate (whose costs will be borne by the Trustee, failing which SIB), each 
of the parties to the terminated arbitration will bear its own costs in relation thereto; 
(c) 
if any notice to pursuant to Condition 22.3 is given after service of any Request for Arbitration in 
respect of any Dispute, the Trustee must promptly give notice to the LCIA Court and to any Tribunal 
(each as defined in the Rules) already appointed in relation to the Dispute that such Dispute will be 
settled by the courts. Upon receipt of such notice by the LCIA Court, the arbitration and any 
appointment of any arbitrator in relation to such Dispute will immediately terminate. Any such 
arbitrator will be deemed to be functus officio. The termination is without prejudice to: 
(i) 
the validity of any act done or order made by that arbitrator or by the court in support of 
that arbitration before his appointment is terminated; 
(ii) 
his entitlement to be paid his proper fees and disbursements; and

--- Page 83 ---
69 
 
(iii) 
the date when any claim or defence was raised for the purpose of applying any limitation 
bar or any similar rule or provision. 
22.6 
In the event that a notice pursuant to Condition 22.3 is issued, the following provisions shall apply: 
(a) 
subject to paragraph (c) below, the courts of England shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any 
Dispute and each of the Trustee and SIB submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts; 
(b) 
each of the Trustee and SIB agrees that the courts of England are the most appropriate and convenient 
courts to settle any Dispute and, accordingly, that it will not argue to the contrary; 
(c) 
this Condition 22.6 is for the benefit of the Delegate and the Certificateholders only. As a result, and 
notwithstanding paragraph (a) above, the Trustee, the Delegate and any Certificateholder (where 
permitted so to do) may bring proceedings in respect of to a Dispute (Proceedings) in any other courts 
with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, the Trustee, the Delegate and the Certificateholders 
may take concurrent Proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
22.7 
Each of the Trustee and SIB has in the Trust Deed appointed Maples and Calder at its registered office at 11th 
Floor, 200 Aldersgate Street, London, EC1A 4HD, United Kingdom as its agent for service of process and 
has undertaken that, in the event of Maples and Calder ceasing so to act or ceasing to be registered in England, 
it will appoint another person approved by the Delegate as its agent for service of process in England in 
respect of any Proceedings or Disputes. Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve proceedings in any 
matter permitted by law. 
22.8 
Under the Trust Deed, SIB has agreed that, to the extent that it may claim for itself or its assets or revenues 
immunity from jurisdiction, enforcement, prejudgment proceedings, injunctions and all other legal 
proceedings and relief and to the extent that such immunity (whether or not claimed) may be attributed to it 
or its assets or revenues, it will not claim and has irrevocably and unconditionally waived such immunity in 
relation to any Proceedings or Disputes. Further, SIB has irrevocably and unconditionally consented to the 
giving of any relief or the issue of any legal proceedings, including, without limitation, jurisdiction, 
enforcement, prejudgment proceedings and injunctions in connection with any Proceedings or Disputes. 
22.9 
Each of the Trustee, the Delegate and SIB has agreed in the Trust Deed that if any arbitration is commenced 
in relation to a Dispute and/or any Proceedings are brought by or on behalf of a party under the Trust Deed, 
it will: 
(a) 
not claim interest under, or in connection with, such arbitration and/or Proceedings; and 
(b) 
to the fullest extent permitted by law, waive all and any entitlement it may have to interest awarded 
in its favour by an arbitrator as a result of such arbitration and/or by a court as a result of such 
Proceedings. 
22.10 
For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Condition 22 shall be construed as a waiver of rights in respect 
of any Periodic Distribution Amounts or Dissolution Amounts payable under the Certificates, the amount of 
any Portfolio Revenues collected in accordance with the Service Agency Agreement, the amount of any 
Exercise Price payable under either the Purchase Undertaking or the Sale Undertaking, any other amounts 
payable under the Transaction Documents, or profit of any kind howsoever described payable pursuant to the 
Transaction Documents and/or the Conditions, howsoever such amounts may be described or re-
characterised by any court or arbitral tribunal.

--- Page 84 ---
70 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of each Series issued will be paid by the Trustee (as Purchaser) to SIB (as Seller) in consideration 
for the purchase from the Seller of all of its rights, title, interests, benefits and entitlements in, to and under the relevant 
Initial Portfolio.

--- Page 85 ---
71 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE TRUSTEE 
SIB Sukuk Company III Limited (the Trustee), an exempted company incorporated in the Cayman Islands with 
limited liability, was incorporated on 11 March 2013 under the Companies Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands 
with company registration number 276136. The registered office of the Trustee is at the offices of MaplesFS Limited, 
P.O. Box 1093, Queensgate House, Grand Cayman, KY1-1102 Cayman Islands and the telephone number of the 
registered office is +001 345 945 7099. 
The authorised share capital of the Trustee is U.S.$50,000 divided into 50,000 ordinary shares of U.S.$1.00 each, 250 
of which have been issued. All of the issued shares (the Shares) are fully-paid and are held by MaplesFS Limited as 
share trustee (in such capacity, the Share Trustee) under the terms of a declaration of trust dated 5 April 2013 (the 
Share Declaration of Trust) under which the Share Trustee holds the Shares in trust until the Termination Date (as 
defined in the Share Declaration of Trust) and may only dispose or otherwise deal with the Shares in accordance with 
the Share Declaration of Trust for so long as there are any Certificates outstanding. Prior to the Termination Date, the 
trust is an accumulation trust, but the Share Trustee has power to benefit the Certificateholders or Qualified Charities 
(as defined in the Share Declaration of Trust). It is not anticipated that any distribution will be made whilst any 
Certificates are outstanding. Following the Termination Date, the Share Trustee will wind up the trust and make a 
final distribution to charity. The Share Trustee has no beneficial interest in, and derives no benefit (other than its fee 
for acting as Share Trustee) from, its holding of the Shares. 
The Business of the Trustee 
The Trustee will not have any substantial assets or liabilities other than in connection with the Certificates. 
So long as any of the Certificates remain outstanding, the Trustee shall not incur any other indebtedness for raised 
moneys or engage in any business (other than acquiring and holding assets in connection with the Certificates), issuing 
the Certificates and entering into related agreements and transactions as provided for in the Transaction Documents, 
or, inter alia, declare any dividends, have any subsidiaries or employees, purchase, own, lease, or otherwise acquire 
any real property (including office premises or like facilities), consolidate or merge with any other person or convey 
or transfer its properties or assets substantially as an entity to any person (otherwise than as contemplated in the 
Transaction Documents) or issue any shares (other than such Shares as were in issue on the date hereof or as 
contemplated in the Transaction Documents). 
The Trustee has, and will have, no significant assets other than the sum of U.S.$250 representing the issued and paid-
up share capital, such fees (as agreed) payable to it in connection with the issue of the Certificates and the acquisition 
of assets in connection with the Certificates, the bank account into which such paid-up share capital and fees are 
deposited and the Trust Assets. Save in respect of fees generated in connection with the issue of the Certificates, any 
related profits and proceeds of any deposits and investments made from such fees or from amounts representing the 
Trustee’s issued and paid-up share capital, the Trustee does not expect to accumulate any surpluses. 
The Certificates are the obligations of the Trustee alone and not the Share Trustee. Furthermore, they are not the 
obligations of, or guaranteed in any way by MaplesFS Limited or any other party. 
Restrictions on the Offer of the Certificates 
No invitation whether directly or indirectly may be made to the public in the Cayman Islands to subscribe for the 
Certificates unless or until the Trustee is listed on the Cayman Islands Stock Exchange. 
Financial Statements 
Since the date of incorporation, no financial statements of the Trustee have been prepared. The Trustee is not required 
by Cayman Islands law, and does not intend, to publish audited financial statements or appoint any auditors.  
Directors of the Trustee 
The directors of the Trustee are as follows: 
Name 
 
 
 
Principal Occupation 
Olena Mykhailenko 
Vice President at Maples Fund Services (Middle East) Limited 
Stacy Bodden 
 
 
Vice President at MaplesFS Limited

--- Page 86 ---
72 
 
The Trustee’s Articles of Association provide that the board of directors of the Trustee will consist of at least one 
director. 
The business address of Olena Mykhailenko is Level 14, Burj Daman, Dubai International Financial Centre, P.O. Box 
506734, Dubai, United Arab Emirates. 
The business address of Stacy Bodden is P.O. Box 1093, Boundary Hall, Cricket Square, Grand Cayman, KY1-1102 
Cayman Islands. 
There are no potential conflicts of interests between the duties of the directors listed above and their private interests 
and other duties. 
The Administrator 
MaplesFS Limited also acts as the administrator of the Trustee (in such capacity, the Corporate Administrator). The 
office of the Corporate Administrator serves as the registered office of the Trustee. Through the office, and pursuant to 
the terms of an amended and restated  corporate services agreement dated 30 September 2021 entered into between the 
Trustee and the Corporate Administrator (the Corporate Services Agreement), the Corporate Administrator will 
perform in the Cayman Islands, the United Arab Emirates or such other jurisdiction as may be agreed by the parties 
from time to time various management functions on behalf of the Trustee, including the provision of registered office 
facilities to the Trustee and the provision of certain clerical, administrative and other services until termination of the 
Corporate Services Agreement. In consideration of the foregoing, the Corporate Administrator will receive various fees 
payable by the Trustee at rates agreed upon from time to time, plus expenses. The terms of the Corporate Services 
Agreement provide that either the Trustee or the Corporate Administrator may terminate the Corporate Services 
Agreement by giving notice to the other party at any time upon the happening of any of certain stated events, including 
any breach by the other party of its obligations under the Corporate Services Agreement. In addition, the Corporate 
Services Agreement provides that either party shall be entitled to terminate the Corporate Services Agreement by giving 
at least three months’ notice in writing to the other party with a copy to any applicable rating agency. The Trustee and 
the Corporate Administrator have also entered into a registered office agreement for provision of registered office 
facilities to the Trustee. 
The Corporate Administrator is subject to the overview of the Trustee’s Board of Directors. 
The Administrator’s principal office is P.O. Box 1093, Boundary Hall, Cricket Square, Grand Cayman, KY1-1102 
Cayman Islands. 
Cayman Islands Data Protection 
The Cayman Islands Government enacted the Data Protection Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands (the DPA) on 
18 May 2017. The DPA introduces legal requirements for the Trustee based on internationally accepted principles of 
data privacy. 
Prospective investors should note that, by virtue of making investments in the Certificates and the associated 
interactions with the Trustee and its affiliates and/or delegates, or by virtue of providing the Trustee with personal 
information on individuals connected with the investor (for example directors, trustees, employees, representatives, 
shareholders, investors, clients, beneficial owners or agents) such individuals will be providing the Trustee and its 
affiliates and/or delegates (including, without limitation, the Corporate Administrator) with certain personal 
information which constitutes personal data within the meaning of the DPA. The Trustee shall act as a data controller 
in respect of this personal data and its affiliates and/or delegates, such as the Corporate Administrator, may act as data 
processors (or data controllers in their own right in some circumstances). For further information on the application 
of the DPA to the Trustee, please refer to the Privacy Notice (a copy of which may be requested from the Corporate 
Administrator by email at dubai@maples.com), which provides an outline of investors' data protection rights and 
obligations as they relate to the investment in the Certificates. 
Oversight of the DPA is the responsibility of the Ombudsman's office of the Cayman Islands. Breach of the DPA by 
the Trustee could lead to enforcement action by the Ombudsman, including the imposition of remediation orders, 
monetary penalties or referral for criminal prosecution.

--- Page 87 ---
73 
 
DESCRIPTION OF SHARJAH ISLAMIC BANK PJSC 
Overview 
Sharjah Islamic Bank PJSC (SIB) was originally incorporated as a commercial bank in 1975 as National Bank of 
Sharjah, under an Emiri decree issued by H.H. Sheikh Dr. Sultan Bin Mohammed Al Qassimi, Member of the UAE 
Supreme Council and Ruler of Sharjah. SIB was registered as a Public Joint Stock Company on 3 April 1976 under 
registration number 12088. 
On 18 March 2001, a decision was made by SIB's shareholders to change SIB's status from a conventional bank to an 
Islamic bank, thereby undertaking to perform all of its banking activities in compliance with Shari'a rules and 
regulations. The conversion process was completed on 30 June 2002, making SIB the first bank in the world to convert 
fully from a conventional banking system to an Islamic banking system. In 2005, SIB's name was changed from 
National Bank of Sharjah to Sharjah Islamic Bank. 
During the conversion process, SIB formed a strategic alliance with Kuwait Finance House (KFH), under which KFH 
acquired a 20 per cent. shareholding in SIB from the Government. KFH is an Islamic financial institution based in 
Kuwait. Through this strategic alliance with KFH, SIB benefits from KFH's product expertise and an increase in SIB's 
funding base. 
SIB is a publicly listed company whose shares are listed on the ADX. As at 31 December 2020, SIB had 3,081,597,750 
shares outstanding held by 3,032 shareholders of record, with a total issued and paid-up capital (equal to that 
authorised) of AED 3,081,598 thousand, and a market capitalisation of AED 4,067,70 thousand (assuming a share 
price of AED 1.32). As at 31 December 2020, the Government and KFH directly and indirectly owned 37.55 per cent. 
and 18.18 per cent. of SIB, respectively. During the year ended 31 December 2020, SIB proposed a cash dividend of 
8 per cent. of its paid up capital to its shareholders. During 2017 SIB issued a 10 per cent. stock dividend bonus issuance 
and an additional 10 per cent. of capital was raised in the form of an issue of AED 266,805,000 convertible sukuk (the 
2017 Convertible Sukuk). Sharjah Social Security Fund, an endowment fund established under an Emiri Decree by 
H.H. Sheikh Dr. Sultan Bin Mohammed Al Qassimi, subscribed to the 2017 Convertible Sukuk (in full) and 
subsequently converted the entire issue into the equity in SIB. By virtue of this, Sharjah Social Security Fund became 
the third largest shareholder of SIB holding 9.09 per cent. of the share capital. As a result of this acquisition, the 
Government's direct and indirect shareholding increased to 37.55 per cent. from 31.3 per cent. Other than the 
Government, KFH and Sharjah Social Security Fund, no shareholder held more than 3 per cent. of the shares of SIB 
as at 31 December 2020. 
As at 31 December 2020, SIB has total assets of AED 53.6 billion. By comparison, as at 31 December 2019 and 31 
December 2018, total assets of SIB were AED 46.4 billion and AED 44.7 billion, respectively. SIB had total 
shareholders' equity of AED 7.6 billion and AED 7.5 billion for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019, 
respectively. For the purposes of reporting its risk-weighted assets in accordance with Basel III, SIB had Tier 1 capital 
of AED 7.4 billion and AED 7.1 billion and a total capital base of AED 7.8 billion and AED 7.5 billion as at 31 
December 2020 and 31 December 2019, respectively. SIB's profit for the year ended 31 December 2020 was AED 
405.8 million (25.6 per cent. lower as compared to the profit of AED 545.5 million for the year ended 31 December 
2019). 
SIB is one of the leading Islamic banks in the UAE, providing a range of Retail Banking, Corporate Banking and 
Investment Banking services, in compliance with Shari'a rules and regulations. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
SIB has three wholly owned and active subsidiaries: Sharjah National Hotel Corporation, Sharjah Islamic Finance 
Services, and ASAS Real Estate (for more information, see "- Subsidiaries of SIB"). As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, SIB has 35 branches in five of the seven emirates, namely Sharjah, Dubai, Abu Dhabi, Fujairah and Ras 
Al Khaimah. SIB was named as one of Forbes magazine's 100 Most Powerful Companies in the Middle East in 2021. 
In addition, SIB received two recognitions from the International Finance Awards in 2020 as Best Islamic Bank and 
Most Innovative Digital Bank. During 2020, SIB's issuance of U.S.$500 million Additional Tier 1 Sukuk issuance won 
the Sukuk Deal of the Year Award as well as the CEEMEA Financial Deal of the Year. SIB also won the Best Service 
Performance Brand Award for 2020. 
General 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, SIB has ratings of "BBB+" (stable outlook) from Fitch and "A-" (stable outlook) 
from S&P.

--- Page 88 ---
74 
 
SIB operates in the UAE under a banking licence issued by the UAE Central Bank. The registered address of SIB is 
P.O. Box 4, Sharjah, UAE and the telephone number of the registered office is +971 6 599 8888. 
Strategy 
SIB's vision is, "to be the bank of choice, delivering creative solutions based on Islamic principles of partnership, trust, 
and fairness for all". In order to achieve this vision, SIB's primary strategic objectives are to: 
 
maximise value for SIB's shareholders; 
 
maintain a conservative attitude to risk; 
 
provide exceptional customer service; and 
 
continue to build a strong brand. 
The following strategic priorities have therefore been developed to accomplish these objectives. 
Expand its Islamic banking activities 
Islamic banking is one of the fastest growing sectors in the finance industry and has been defined in recent years not 
only by strong demand but also by increasing levels of sophistication and product diversification. SIB believes that 
this growth presents significant opportunities and intends to continue to develop effective and innovative Shari'a-
compliant banking products and services to offer to retail and corporate clients. 
Pursue expansion in the UAE and internationally 
SIB plans to expand its share of the retail and corporate banking market in the UAE, both within and outside of Sharjah 
in the medium term. As part of its plan to fulfil this growth strategy, SIB has relocated a number of branches within its 
retail network as well as corporate business units, in strategic locations across the country based on customer demand. 
Such locations include industrial and free zones and in commercial areas with a high visibility, including in Sharjah, 
Dubai and Al Ain. SIB has also opened branches in prominent locations with including various shopping malls. These 
are expected to cater to the growing needs of small and medium sized businesses as well as retail customers in the 
targeted locations. Additionally, the new Digital Banking channels that have been introduced are intended to help with 
attracting new clients.  
SIB intends to expand its small and medium enterprise business as it considers this segment to be a valuable addition 
to its revenue streams. SIB expects to achieve this growth through the introduction of new products to appeal to both 
corporate and retail customers (see, in particular, "– Activities of SIB – Retail Banking Group – Retail Positioning" 
below) as well as through its branch improvement plans. 
SIB expects this growth to take place in the domestic market, focusing on the areas of Sharjah, Abu Dhabi, Al Ain, 
Dubai and industrial free zones including Jebel Ali Free Zone in Dubai and Hamriya Free Zone in Sharjah. SIB is 
targeting a number of trade sectors including manufacturing, pharmaceuticals, contracting, aviation and shipping. SIB 
believes that it will continue to benefit from inward investment of capital from other areas of the GCC and the wider 
economy in the short to medium term as a result of the relative stability of the UAE economy and political environment 
as well as due to the anticipated commercial activity in the lead up to the Dubai Expo 2021. 
Whilst SIB does not plan to establish an overseas branch network, its management monitors the market landscape 
closely looking for specific expansion opportunities. Any expansion overseas will likely occur through joint ventures 
and partnerships, with SIB seeking to capitalise on its Islamic credentials and expertise. Whilst organic growth is SIB's 
preferred method of expansion, it does look at opportunities for external alliances close to the UAE where SIB's 
management believes that cautious expansion could be feasible. SIB continues to take a cautious approach to growing 
economies through participation in syndicated transactions and investments in capital market instruments. 
Maintain a conservative attitude to risk 
As an Islamic institution, SIB maintains strict Shari'a controls over its business and processes. These rigorous controls 
have resulted in SIB applying a conservative attitude towards risk, emphasising the need to maintain high levels of 
liquidity and capital adequacy.

--- Page 89 ---
75 
 
By aligning SIB's risk management function with SIB's credit division, SIB has created a risk management architecture 
that promotes the active management of risk. This risk management architecture combines policies and procedures that 
have been both developed internally and laid down by the UAE Central Bank as the local financial regulator. Reflecting 
SIB's conservative attitude towards risk and risk management, SIB's internal policies and procedures, including those 
relating to credit approval, are often more conservative than those of other similar institutions in the UAE banking 
sector. 
Monitoring the risks of SIB's existing investment and financing portfolio is a priority while conservative credit and 
risk management procedures are applied to all new facilities. By maintaining liquidity levels at a level of approximately 
20 per cent. or above as at the date of this Base Prospectus, SIB believes that it has substantially mitigated many of the 
liquidity risks that it faces. 
Maintain a strong capital adequacy ratio and low level of non-performing facilities 
SIB had a capital adequacy ratio of 20.71 per cent. as at 31 December 2020 calculated in accordance with Basel III 
and SIB also benefits from relatively low levels of gross non-performing financing, with AED 1,494 million (or 4.9 
per cent. of gross investments in Islamic financing) classified as non-performing (Stage 3 Exposure) as at 31 December 
2020. Comparatively, SIB maintained a capital adequacy ratio of 22.79 per cent., with AED 1,351 million  (or 5.14 
per cent. of gross investments in Islamic Financing) classified as non-performing (Stage 3 Exposure) as at 31 December 
2019.  
Diversify revenues through its subsidiaries 
SIB continues to diversify its revenues through the incorporation of subsidiaries. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
SIB has three principal subsidiaries whose businesses include the provision of Shari'a-compliant financial services to 
clients through the Dubai Financial Market, PJSC (DFM) and the Abu Dhabi Securities Exchange (ADX), investment 
in the Sharjah hospitality industry and the management of real estate assets. Following its acquisition of the Sharjah 
National Hotel Corporation in 2006, SIB has sought to encourage and support the Sharjah hospitality and tourism 
industry whilst diversifying its investments and revenues (see also "– Subsidiaries of SIB – Sharjah National Hotel 
Corporation"). 
Competitive Strengths 
SIB enjoys a number of key competitive strengths, including the following: 
Strong links to the Government of Sharjah and Government of Sharjah related entities 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Government is SIB's largest shareholder, directly and indirectly holding 
37.55 per cent. of SIB's share capital. SIB has capitalised on its close ties between itself and its largest shareholder by 
becoming the Government's effective bank of choice in the UAE. This close relationship has resulted in the 
Government department and authorities becoming the largest customer group of SIB, being accountable for AED 10.9 
billion, or 37.3 per cent. of SIB's investments in Islamic financing as at 31 December 2020, as compared to AED 7.3 
billion, or 28.9 per cent. of SIB's investments in Islamic financing as at 31 December 2019. Through its strong 
relationship with the Government, SIB believes that it will benefit from the ongoing inward investment to Sharjah 
through the financing of infrastructure projects. In the current macro-economic environment, Sharjah is less affected 
than neighbouring emirates, having less exposure to oil revenues and volatile real estate assets. In addition, with 
Sharjah being a smaller emirate with correspondingly more conservative development plans than some of the other 
emirates, the Government is not burdened with high levels of debt and retains an investment grade rating from S&P 
and Moody’s. As such, SIB believes that its levels of exposure to the Government should be viewed as a strength, 
reflecting positively on SIB's reputation amongst Sharjah-based retail and corporate clients. 
Extensive experience as a conventional bank prior to its conversion to an Islamic bank 
Prior to its conversion to an Islamic bank in 2002, SIB had over 25 years' experience in the conventional banking 
market. Unlike other Islamic banks without prior conventional experience, SIB therefore has a deep knowledge and 
understanding of the needs of both conventional and Islamic banking customers. SIB believes that this knowledge has 
enabled it to develop its Shari'a-compliant banking services in a way that appeals to a broader client base than other 
Islamic banks. 
SIB's conventional experience has contributed to the development of many innovative Shari'a-compliant banking 
products that seek to replicate the salient features of their conventional counterparts. SIB's innovations include prepaid

--- Page 90 ---
76 
 
Visa cards and Mastercards and zero per cent. profit finance, each of which was the first Shari'a-compliant example 
of these products in the UAE. Through innovations such as these, SIB has been able to bridge the divide between 
conventional banks and Islamic banks, enabling it to appeal to both Muslim and non-Muslim clients. 
Stable funding base 
SIB has a diversified deposit base that includes retail and corporate customers, Government bodies and public sector 
agencies which, taken together, are regarded by SIB as a relatively stable and a low cost source of funding. As at 31 
December 2020, SIB had AED 23.3 billion of customer deposits maturing in less than three months and AED 10.4 
billion of customer deposits maturing between three to 12 months, compared with AED 19.0 billion and AED 8.3 
billion, respectively, as at 31 December 2019 (see also "– Risk Management – Liquidity Risk" below).  
SIB also had total customers' deposits of AED 33.6 billion as at 31 December 2020, representing an increase of AED 
6.3 billion (23 per cent.) as compared to 31 December 2019 (AED 27.3 billion). A breakdown of SIB's deposit base 
by product as at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019 is set out below: 
Product 
31 December 
2020 
31 December 
2019 
 
(AED million) 
Current Accounts ...............................................................................................................................  
8,802 
7,269 
Saving Accounts ................................................................................................................................  
2,660 
2,227 
Watani / Call Accounts ......................................................................................................................  
729 
418 
Time Deposits ...................................................................................................................................  
20,737 
16,796 
Margins .............................................................................................................................................  
680 
604 
Total Customers' Deposits ..............................................................................................................  
33,608 
27,313 
 
A breakdown of SIB's deposit base by customer sector as at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019 is set out 
below: 
Sector 
31 December 
2020 
31 December 
2019 
 
(AED million) 
Government .......................................................................................................................................  
12,559 
10,090 
Corporate ...........................................................................................................................................  
15,505 
12,477 
Retail .................................................................................................................................................  
5,544 
4,746 
Total Customers' Deposits ..............................................................................................................  
33,608 
27,313 
 
Diversified distribution channels and accessibility to customers 
SIB distributes its products through a variety of channels, which include its branch network, automated teller machines 
(ATMs), a direct sales force, a call centre, SMS services and online banking. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
SIB has 35 branches in its network. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, SIB has a nationwide ATM network consisting of over 120 ATMs and 50 sites 
capable of handling cash and cheque deposit facilities, referred to as "CCDM", SIB's call centre serves over 25,000 
customers monthly. SIB launched its retail Online Banking services in 2009 and its corporate Online Banking services 
in 2010. The Online Banking and Mobile Banking services were relaunched in 2016, and were further upgraded in 
2021 to include additional features with a new user interface aimed at enhancing the customer experience, without the 
need for interaction at the branch level. SIB plans to further improve its branch network by introducing high-tech 
branch concepts using high industry standard Interactive Teller Machines and self-service equipment in 2021 and 
future years. Customers registered on Online Banking and Mobile Banking platforms can make a number of 
transactions in a time and cost effective manner. These include, but are not limited to, funds transfer (locally and 
internationally), bill payments, profile updates, online requests and enquiries. 
By offering a wide range of financial products to its customers, SIB has been able to develop a diverse client base, 
ranging from low income to high net worth individuals. In addition, SIB utilises its strong Corporate Banking relations 
to cross sell its Retail Banking products to individuals within the relevant corporates.

--- Page 91 ---
77 
 
Quality of service 
SIB considers quality of service as being key to maintaining client and customer satisfaction. SIB has a separate Service 
Quality and Business Process Engineering Division which is part of SIB's Strategic Development Division, which 
reports directly to the Deputy Chief Executive Officer. 
The Service Quality and Business Process Engineering Division conducts service quality assessments in order to 
maintain compliance with established quality control systems. It carries out quality assurance visits, handles external 
customer complaints, conducts customer satisfaction surveys and oversees suggestion schemes. Furthermore, the unit 
regularly assesses SIB's competitive position in the marketplace, as well as recommending business practice 
improvements. 
Strong Islamic banking presence and Shari'a credibility 
Islamic banking is one of the fastest growing sectors in the finance industry and since its conversion to an Islamic bank 
in 2002, SIB has established a strong market presence in this sector. SIB offers customers a range of full service 
Shari'a-compliant banking products to retail and corporate clients. Through its retail branch network, SIB is able to 
maintain a high visibility, both within and outside of Sharjah, serving to develop SIB's brand for the benefit of its 
Corporate Banking and Retail Banking businesses. 
SIB ensures that each of the products and services that it offers to customers are in conformity with the strict Shari'a 
supervision parameters approved by SIB's Internal Shari'a Supervisory Committee (ISSC). Reflecting its commitment 
to the application of these principles, SIB has established its own Internal Shari'a Control Division (ISCD) and Internal 
Shari'a Audit (ISA). Each of the ISCD and the ISA ensure that Shari'a principles are properly applied to each of SIB's 
new products and services and complied with in all of SIB's businesses, thereby maintaining SIB's reputation as a 
premier Islamic bank. 
Experienced management team 
SIB's senior management team has extensive experience in the banking industry, both domestically and internationally. 
See further "Management of Sharjah Islamic Bank PJSC". 
Skilled and knowledgeable workforce 
Upon joining SIB, all new employees are required to attend a dedicated orientation programme which provides them 
with a comprehensive overview of each of SIB's products and services. In addition to employee initiation programmes, 
SIB also provides regular training to all of its staff, at each level of seniority. In order to provide more efficient training 
to its staff, SIB established a dedicated Learning and Development team (L&D), which reviews staff performance and 
identifies areas for improvement. Associates in SIB's branches have specific classrooms, e-learning and computer 
based learning modules designed to improve their knowledge and skills in SIB's products, services, Islamic banking 
and customer service. This commitment to staff training has enabled SIB to develop a skilled and knowledgeable 
workforce, which is able to better serve the needs of its customers. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, L&D has integrated its services with SIB's performance management system. 
Associates performing below SIB's standards for core or managerial competencies are enrolled in specialised courses 
designed to address any development issues. More than 80 per cent. of SIB's courses are provided in-house using the 
services of professional trainers and industry experts. 
Strong links with the community 
SIB recognises that in order to achieve its vision and attain sustainable development, it must be an active participant 
in the community. SIB is committed to contributing to the community and actively promotes its development through 
various contributions to the UAE Red Crescent (including the establishment of a UAE Red Crescent Society medical 
center in Sharjah), Sharjah Charity Association and Sharjah Voluntary Work Award. SIB has also partnered with Al 
Theqa Club for People with Special Needs. 
SIB also operates blood donation and health and awareness campaigns (including sponsoring the Pink Caravan that 
looks to create awareness about Breast Cancer in the UAE), and is involved with various community projects during 
Ramadan (the Islamic month of fasting). In 2020, SIB facilitated the flow of billions of dirhams in government funds 
to individuals and businesses impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic through the Targeted Economic Support Scheme

--- Page 92 ---
78 
 
(TESS) that provided support to several customers  through  installment  deferrals,  rescheduling, and  restructuring  
on  approximately  AED  7  billion in outstanding facilities. SIB also supported the initiative of the Special Education 
Authority to meet the requirements of distance education for children of needy families.  
As part of its community responsibility, SIB organised a number of  community events and encouraged its employees 
to participate, taking into account the precautionary measures imposed by the COVID-19 pandemic. These events 
included a celebration of UAE Flag Day, the UAE National Day, the company’s annual family trip for employees, and 
the annual competition for employees, “Knowledge Marathon”. These events aimed to develop the talents of 
employees in the field of volunteer work and demonstrate the value of community service.  
SIB also launched the "Al-Meer al-Ramadani" Initiative titled "Your foodstuff basket to your doorstep", providing 
'Ramadhan Meer' (baskets consisting of basic food items) to four thousand families affected, in collaboration with the 
Sharjah Charity Association, and helped by volunteer teams from staff and the Sharjah Charity Association. Through 
these initiatives, SIB has been able to increase the visibility and strength of its brand, thereby promoting growth. 
Activities of SIB 
Key products 
SIB offers a number of Shari'a-compliant products across its business divisions, including but not limited to the 
following: 
 
Murabaha – a sale contract whereby SIB sells an item to a customer at a pre-agreed selling price which 
includes a pre-agreed mark up over its cost. This usually involves deferred payment terms; 
 
Ijara – a form of leasing contract which involves SIB buying and then leasing an item, such as a consumer 
durable, to a customer for a specified rental over a specific period. The duration of the lease, as well as the 
basis for rental, are set and agreed in advance. SIB retains ownership of the item throughout the arrangement 
and the client will pay periodic lease rentals to SIB; 
 
Istisna'a – a sale contract of specified items to be manufactured with an obligation on the part of the 
manufacturer to deliver them to the customer upon completion; and 
 
Musharaka – a partnership in which SIB participates in financing new or existing projects and shares in the 
capital and the returns. 
SIB's principal business strategy is geared to the further development of its three core business groups, namely: 
 
Retail Banking Group (RBG); 
 
Corporate Banking Group (CBG); and 
 
Investment Group (IG). 
The following table, which is based on SIB's audited financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2020 (which 
are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus), sets out the relative contribution (expressed as a percentage) 
made by each of SIB's three major divisions, together with its subsidiaries (see further "Subsidiaries of SIB"), to SIB's 
total operating income and total assets during the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019. The 
comparative figures for the year ended 31 December 2019 related to total operating income were reclassified and are 
extracted or derived from the unaudited comparative column of the 2020 Financial Statements, as explained in the 
“Presentation of Financial and Other Information” section above. 
 
Year ended 31 
December 2020 
Contribution 
(%) to SIB's 
total operating 
income* 
Year ended 31 
December 2020 
Contribution 
(%) to SIB's 
total assets* 
Year ended 31 
December 2019 
Contribution 
(%) to SIB's 
total operating 
income* 
Year ended 31 
December 2019 
Contribution 
(%) to SIB's 
total assets* 
 
 
 
 
 
Division 
 
 
 
 
Retail ............................................................................................. 
19.7 
9 
20.7 
10.6 
Corporate and Government ........................................................... 
54.0 
44.3 
49.9 
45.0 
Investment and Treasury ............................................................... 
23.2 
44.0 
26.0 
41.0

--- Page 93 ---
79 
 
Hospitality, Brokerage and Real Estate ......................................... 
3.2 
2.7 
3.4 
3.4 
 _______________  
* 
Total operating income and total assets do not include the cost of funding for sukuk issued by SIB and unallocated income and unallocated 
assets. 
Asset composition of SIB's financing portfolio 
A breakdown of SIB's gross investments in Islamic financing (that is, before taking into account loss allowances) by 
industry, as at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019, is set out below: 
Economic Activity 
31 December 2020 
31 December 2019 
 
(AED million) 
(%) 
(AED million) 
(%) 
Government departments and authorities .....................................  
10,927 
37 
7,263 
29 
Construction and contracting ........................................................  
 823 
3 
785 
3 
Manufacturing ..............................................................................  
 745 
3 
787 
3 
Transportation ..............................................................................  
 1,523 
5 
1,599 
6 
Real estate ....................................................................................  
 6,615 
23 
6,810 
27 
Retail businesses...........................................................................  
 600 
2 
921 
4 
Trading .........................................................................................  
 1,656 
6 
1,557 
6 
Financial institutions ....................................................................  
 249 
1 
176 
1 
Services and others .......................................................................  
 1,254 
4 
1,143 
5 
Individual .....................................................................................  
 3,054 
10 
2,952 
12 
Consumer home finance ...............................................................  
 1,457 
5 
1,433 
6 
High net worth individuals ...........................................................  
 2,662 
9 
1,655 
7 
Deferred profit ..............................................................................  
-1,008 
-3 
-821 
-3 
Less: Loss allowance for investments in Islamic financing ..........  
-1,288 
-4 
-1,118 
-4 
Total Investments in Islamic financing .....................................  
29,269 
100 
25,143 
100 
 
Retail Banking Group (RBG) 
RBG offers a comprehensive range of Shari'a-compliant (Islamic) financial products and services to individuals and 
corporations. RBG's services, which include Islamic Credit and Covered Cards, Personal Finance, Real Estate Finance, 
Car Finance, Special Packages, a full range of transactional accounts and financial advisory, are all based on firm 
Islamic principles. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, SIB maintains a network of 35  full service and strategically located branches 
across the UAE with 23 branches in Sharjah, 5 branches in Dubai, 3 branches in Abu Dhabi, 2 branches in Al Ain, a 
branch in Fujairah and another in Ras Al Khaimah. SIB has plans to improve its branch network during 2021 and 
future years. These plans involve introducing high-tech branch concepts using high industry standard Interactive Teller 
Machines (ITMs) and self-service equipment with an increased focus on key shopping malls, with high footfall levels. 
SIB’s Digital Banking division introduced a new state-of-the-art mobile application (SIB Digital) in 2021. This 
application includes updated features, a new interface and the ability for customers to access a number of services 
without needing to visit branches. This upgrade is in line with SIB's determination to be one of the leading banks in 
the region.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, one of the core strengths of SIB is its large network of ATMs (which includes 
cash deposit machines and smart deposit machines) in the UAE, with over 120 ATMs and 50 CCDMs, spread across 
the UAE. SIB is planning to strengthen its current network by increasing the number of its CCDMs, as well as acquiring 
additional off-site ATMs, to complement the improvement of its branch network. SIB has also collaborated with 
Diebold Nixdorf to offer its customers the DN Series ATM machines, which are the first self-service ATM machines 
in the Middle East. The services offered by these ATM machines have improved SIB's service levels and resulted in 
lower customer branch visits. 
SIB's Digital Banking team has also updated SIB's website with a modern design that is now capable of taking in leads 
and application forms with a view to offering SIB's customers convenient access to banking solutions.  
Furthermore, SIB has a dedicated "Priority Banking" division (Al Awlawiya), with lounges in key branches to cater 
to the needs of high net-worth customers. High net-worth customers are automatically enrolled into the Priority 
Banking division once certain financial criteria are met. 
As at 31 December 2020, SIB maintained 226,964 accounts for approximately 191,650 customers.

--- Page 94 ---
80 
 
Product development 
RBG is supported by an experienced and fully dedicated Consumer Finance and Marketing team that consists of 
marketing, communications, branding and product development teams. Having the customer at the centre of focus, the 
team focuses on product development intended to meet the needs of SIB's customers and attract a broader customer 
base. Some of SIB's core and recently launched products include: 
Smiles card 
The award winning "Smiles Credit Card" has increased in popularity since its launch in mid-2017. The Smiles Card is 
a covered card, which features a rewards programme tailored to the needs of SIB customers who are frequent travellers. 
The clients can earn 'Smiles' points which can then be redeemed in a variety of ways, including airline tickets, hotel 
stays, retail purchases or cashback and gift vouchers. 
Cashback Card  
SIB has launched a new Cashback Card which allows customers to earn more by maximising their daily online, in-
app, international, domestic and utility spends. 
 
Digital Account 
An instant, no minimum balance and profit bearing account is now available to new SIB customers through the SIB 
Digital app. This product aims to attract new customers through its offering of unique benefits.    
MaxPlus 
In 2021, SIB offered its customers the ability to save and receive profit through its new fixed deposit MaxPlus product. 
Customers have two tenure options (18 and 36 months), the minimum fixed deposit amount is AED 10,000 and the 
maximum amount is AED 5,000,000 per customer. 
MaxPlus fixed deposit product is available to individuals and companies. 
Personal Finance 
A number of growth initiatives were undertaken within Personal Finance products, which have led to accelerated sales 
of Personal Finance products and contributed to substantial growth of SIB's asset book. Such initiatives included a 
range of actions, from profit rates revision, seasonal promotions and improved timing of finance disbursement to 
creating special finance product packages for specific Government entities. These factors contributed to increased and 
sustained growth of Personal Finance during 2020. 
Tayseer – Salary Advance, a sub-product of Personal Finance, was upgraded to enable customers to access its service 
through any of SIB's ATM machines or by logging into SIB's Online or Mobile Banking service or by calling the SIB 
call centre. 
Education Finance 
SIB has collaborated with American University in Sharjah, Sharjah University and Al Ghurair University to finance 
student tuition fees. The scheme was launched with a more flexible credit policy compared to other schemes or products 
and features subsidised profit rates funded by the universities. 
Medical Finance 
SIB has also collaborated with University Hospital and University Dental Hospital in Sharjah to offer medical services 
finance at subsidised profit rates funded by University Hospital and University Dental Hospital. 
Zero per cent. Profit Finance 
SIB's zero per cent. profit finance is an innovative Islamic financing product that was the first of its kind in the GCC 
region made available to retail customers. In delivering the product to customers, SIB has collaborated with nearly a 
dozen major Haj and Umrah service providers. Pursuant to this scheme, customers can perform Umrah and pay the 
costs over a year, with no additional profit or fees. This category includes 0 per cent. Profit Medical Equipment Finance.

--- Page 95 ---
81 
 
Such arrangement will enable eligible customers to benefit from financing of customized medical instruments and 
equipment without bearing the cost of fees throughout the year. 
Prepaid Cards 
SIB's Prepaid Cards were launched in 2008 under six themes targeted to different customer segments, and were the 
first Islamic prepaid cards in the GCC.  SIB is currently the leading Prepaid Card issuer in the region. These prepaid 
cards have been popular with customers who would not typically be able to afford a standard bank account. SIB's 
prepaid cards have also been popular with students who may rely on having an amount regularly credited to their card. 
SIB's current strategic cobranded Prepaid Card products include: 
 
COOP Card with Sharjah Cooperative Society (largest hypermarket chain in the Emirate of Sharjah); 
 
Sanad Card with Sharjah Social Affairs; 
 
Al Saada (happiness) Card with Sharjah Police; 
 
Tamkeen Prepaid Card with Sharjah Social Empowerment Foundation (SSEF); 
 
My Family Prepaid Card with Sharjah Court;  
 
Massarrah (Happiness) Prepaid Card with General Directorate of Residency and Foreigners Affairs in Sharjah; 
 
SIB Digital Prepaid Card which is available only through the SIB Digital application; and 
 
Jeans Prepaid Card with Punitive and Reformatory Institution in Sharjah. 
Retail Real Estate Finance  
Retail Real Estate Finance (RREF) provides SIB's customers with finances for retail property options in the UAE. 
ASAS Real Estate Development Company was SIB's financing of the Rawdat Al Qarat Project, the first cohesive 
commercial residential scheme located at Khorfakkan road in Sharjah beside Al Suyoh residential area. 
RREF has also entered into several key business partnerships with leading developers in the UAE with a view to 
improving the affordability and availability of real estate assets to SIB's customers. Such key regional developers 
include Eagle Hills, Alef Group, Arada and MAF Group in their recent projects in Sharjah. 
Car Finance 
SIB has undertaken a few changes to its Car Finance offering, aimed at improving the product range and availability. 
Similarly, changes to pricing have been introduced in order to increase SIB's competitiveness in the current market. 
Special Package 
SIB has maintained a strong relationship with the Government of Sharjah over the years, and as a result of the 
successful partnership with Sharjah Government entities (such as the Sharjah Government programme “Waffer”). The 
RBG has entered into another strategic partnership with the Sharjah Police which offers its employees a range of 
exclusive products and services that cover all their financial needs. 
Digital Channels 
To upgrade its digital channels and enhance customer experience, SIB has introduced several initiatives such as easy 
payment services of government transaction fees in Sharjah through SIB ATMs in coordination with the Sharjah 
Finance Department. In addition, SIB introduced instant transfer services to India and Pakistan through online banking 
channels and also intends to roll out these services in respect of additional countries.

--- Page 96 ---
82 
 
Asset composition of retail financing portfolio 
Retail financings are governed by strict internal policy parameters, which are uniformly and consistently applied to the 
relevant customer segments and businesses based on the policy financing rules. A breakdown of the retail financing 
portfolio of SIB by product type, as at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019, is set out below. 
Product Type 
31 December 2020 
31 December 2019 
 
(AED million)
(%) 
(AED million) 
(%)
Personal Finance ........................................................................... 
2,439 
60 
2,456 
60 
Mortgages ...................................................................................... 
1,409 
35 
1,433 
35 
Auto............................................................................................... 
125 
3 
143 
3 
Credit Cards .................................................................................. 
72 
2 
72 
2 
Total retail finaning portfolio ..................................................... 
4,045 
100 
4,105 
100 
 
Retail distribution channels 
In addition to its retail branch network, SIB's retail distribution channels include a Digital Banking division, consisting 
of the following: 
 
Call Centre: a full-fledged, 24-hour call centre with and automated Phone Banking services (Interactive Voice 
Response system (IVR)). SIB's Call Centre has a team of trained telephone bankers who provide customers 
with all (non-cash) services and transactions available in the branch. 
 
ATM Network: SIB has one of the largest ATM networks with over 150 ATMs across the UAE. 
 
Online Banking (Internet & Mobile Banking): since its launch, the Online Banking channel is gaining 
popularity as it allows customers to complete their transactions on the go. The Internet and Mobile Banking 
channels are not only convenient, they are also secured with the highest industry standards. 
Corporate Banking Group (CBG) 
The Corporate Banking Group (CBG) offers a comprehensive suite of products and services tailored to meet the 
financial needs of SIB's corporate customers, commercial real-estate companies and Government-related entities. CBG 
caters to clients ranging from small and mid-size corporate entities to public sector organisations and government 
related entities. CBG provides a range of Shari'a-compliant products to its customers including: 
Corporate Solutions 
Trade Services 
Corporate Real-Estate Finance 
Short term financing facilities (working 
capital lines) 
 
Murabaha 
 
Wakala 
 
Qard Hassan 
Letter of Credit 
 
Ready 
Property 
Finance 
Liquidity 
Management 
 
Under construction Property Finance 
 
Property Re-finance 
 
Takeover Finance 
Long term financing facilities 
 
Ijarah 
 
Musharaka 
 
Murabaha 
 
Mudaraba 
Letter of Guarantee 
 
 
SIB's corporate customers are served through teams of professional corporate bankers with in-depth industry 
knowledge. These corporate bankers are located in Sharjah, Dubai and Abu Dhabi in order to ensure the efficient 
delivery of corporate banking solutions to clients.

--- Page 97 ---
83 
 
CBG provides customised and tailor made solutions to customers to meet their objectives in financing, risk 
management, cash management, investments, foreign exchange, working capital and international banking services. 
CBG is supported by sophisticated IT infrastructure, trade finance and treasury expertise. Primarily, CBG is focused 
on bilateral financing transactions and trade finance solutions, whereas all syndicated and international financing 
transactions are handled by the Investment Banking Division of the Investment Group. 
CBG maintains a clear focus on introducing new products and improving turnaround time and services by adopting 
the latest technology. SIB is currently in the process of introducing enhanced internet and mobile banking platforms 
and CBG is in a continuous process of offering updated digital banking solutions to its customers such as bulk cash 
deposit machines, remote cheque deposit machines and Host-to-Host connectivity. In 2021, CBG also launched new 
products and services such as its Murabaha Finance, Export LC Murabaha and Wakala Collections Murabaha.  
Despite the economic challenges following the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic, CBG has shown growth in all 
areas and in particular, in respect of deposits which increased by 72 per cent. for the year ended 31 December 2020 as 
compared to the year ended 31 December 2019, which was due to SIB's timely provision of solutions such as bulk 
cash deposit machines at various locations so that customers could deposits funds without having to visit SIB branches.   
Following the outbreak of the COVID-19 virus, the CBG team provided proactive support to its customers by 
postponing the payment of installments in line with the guidelines of the UAE Central Bank. This allowed CBG's 
customers to restructure their business activities and manage cash flows and this support was extended by CBG to its 
corporate (mid and large) and commercial real estate finance customers. CBG also provided support to its customers 
by ensuring the smooth execution of customer transactions following the imposition of social distancing measures and 
automating certain processes enabling more efficient execution of transactions. 
As at 31 December 2020, CBG held gross financing exposure of AED 27.1 billion, including AED 10.6 billion of 
direct Government exposure. As at 31 December 2020, SIB's top 20 depositors constituted AED 12.5 billion (37 per 
cent. of SIB's total customers' deposits), compared to AED 10.0 billion (36.2 per cent. of SIB's total deposits) as at 31 
December 2019. The Government and its dependencies accounted for 37.4 per cent. of total deposits as at 31 December 
2020.  
Investment Group (IG) 
The IG consolidates SIB's wholesale structuring, underwriting, corporate advisory, investment banking, funds, direct 
equity investments, treasury and financial institution relationship banking functions, to offer a comprehensive 
investment banking platform. 
The IG's key responsibilities include the execution of SIB's corporate business strategy and cash management. The 
IG's strategy revolves around developing relationships with local and international financial institutions in sourcing 
financing and investment opportunities whereby SIB's capital can be deployed in the most efficient manner. The IG's 
strategy involves medium to long term opportunities and seeks to diversify SIB's portfolio across different geographic 
areas and sectors. Over the last few years, the IG has developed a strong network of financial institutions and 
investment sources across five continents. 
The breakdown of SIB's investment assets is set out in the table below as at 31 December 2020. 
Instrument Type 
Book value at 
31 December 
2020 
Percentage 
 
(AED million) 
(%) 
Sukuk ................................................................................................................................................  
7,321  
65  
Direct Investments and Funds ...........................................................................................................  
426 
4 
Real Estate .........................................................................................................................................  
3,539 
31 
 
11,286 
100 
The IG has three business divisions: 
Investment Banking Division 
The Investment Banking Division (IBD) executes SIB's investment and asset diversification strategy. The IBD offers 
a range of services to its clients, including financial advisory, debt/equity capital markets and direct investment 
activities. SIB also participates in syndicated financing transactions through the IBD for a variety of clients. SIB has

--- Page 98 ---
84 
 
also been appointed as joint lead manager and/or bookrunner in recent years with respect to a number of regional Sukuk 
(both public and privately placed) issuances, including issuances in recent years by, amongst others, the Government, 
the Kingdom of Bahrain, Dubai Islamic Bank, First Abu Dhabi Bank, Abu Dhabi Islamic Bank, Aldar Properties and 
Emaar Properties. In addition, the IBD runs SIB's proprietary investment portfolio that includes medium to long term 
investments in listed and private equity, investment funds and sukuk. 
Treasury Division 
The Treasury Division (TD) is responsible for handling SIB's liquidity position and cash flows, as well as managing 
the market risk for SIB. The prominent functions of TD are: 
 
liquidity management under money market operations across different currencies; 
 
reserve management in compliance with the regulatory requirements of the UAE Central Bank; 
 
foreign exchange cover operations to handle customer related foreign exchange requirements; 
 
foreign exchange & money market arbitrage transactions; 
 
hedging transactions through Islamic derivatives for both banks and customers; 
 
cross border Institutional and customer deposits; 
 
mobilising low cost long-term funds through a wide variety of collateralised repo transactions; and 
 
offering select treasury products for customers under different asset classes, such as foreign exchange (FX), 
money market (deposits) and fixed income (sukuks). 
The TD enjoys a strong reputation in the market due to its consistent work in the development of Islamic treasury 
activities and being a regular market participant. This reputation benefits the TD in obtaining relatively large exposure 
limits from peer GCC banks and other financial institutions, allowing the TD to meet SIB’s funding requirements as 
and when required. This facilitates the availability of short term liquidity for SIB, which can be made available on 
demand from a number of counterparties in the GCC and at easily affordable profit rates and as a result the liquidity 
risk is minimised and asset liability mismatches are well managed. 
The TD actively trades in the following products with its counterparties: 
 
interbank wakala transactions for short term placements/receiving the funds; 
 
international murabaha (commodity based transactions) for short term placements/receiving the funds; 
 
medium to long-term fund mobilisation through collateralised repo/murabaha transactions; 
 
foreign exchange activities; 
 
Islamic Certificate of Deposits with the UAE Central Bank; 
 
investment sukuk as part of liquidity management and for customers; and 
 
Islamic derivatives for hedging (profit rate swaps & FX forwards). 
For the year ended 31 December 2020, the TD managed an average daily surplus liquidity of approximately AED 
2.304 billion, with revenue generated on these funds of approximately AED 157.75 million. During the same period, 
the TD's fee-based foreign exchange business generated approximate revenues of AED 12.886 million. The TD also 
offers the following Islamic products to its retail, corporate and high net worth customers: 
 
wakala and murabaha deposits from customers; 
 
foreign exchange and leveraged foreign exchange investments; 
 
financing against customer wakala deposit;

--- Page 99 ---
85 
 
 
profit rate and FX hedging solutions for customers; and 
 
sukuk investment for high net worth clients. 
The TD also works on innovative new Islamic products to meet the requirements of trade finance and retail customers. 
Financial Institutions Department 
The Financial Institutions Department (FID) manages all aspects of SIB's relationships with financial institutions and 
provides support to SIB's operations through the establishment and maintenance of new relationships with leading 
financial institutions. The FID acts as a primary point of contact for all relationship matters between SIB and its banking 
counterparts. In addition, the FID ensures that SIB's Nostro accounts cover all geographical areas so as to support SIB's 
operational and customers' needs. 
Relationships and Strategic Alliances 
SIB enjoys close relationships with its two major shareholders, the Government and KFH. These shareholders have 
indicated their long term commitment to SIB and provide various forms of essential support. The Government is SIB's 
single largest customer, with many of the major Sharjah governmental departments being clients of SIB. In 2017, 
Sharjah Social Security Fund fully subscribed to a convertible sukuk and became the third largest shareholder of SIB. 
Subsidiaries of SIB 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, SIB has three wholly owned and active subsidiaries: 
 
Sharjah National Hotel Corporation (SNHC); 
 
Sharjah Islamic Finance Services (SIFS); and 
 
ASAS Real Estate (ASAS). 
Sharjah National Hotel Corporation (SNHC) 
SIB acquired SNHC for AED 520 million from the Government in June 2006. SNHC owns three four-star hotels and 
resorts: the Marbella Resort; the Hotel Holiday International; and the Oceanic Khorfakkan Resort and Spa (OKRS) 
(all located in the Emirate of Sharjah). SIB's investment in SNHC is in line with SIB's general objective of diversifying 
its investments. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, SNHC is undertaking a renovation of Hotel Holiday 
International and is working to modernise facilities at this hotel. The works are expected to be completed in November 
2021 and new retail outlets are expected to be built outside the Hotel Holiday International by June 2022. The 
renovation of the Marbella Resort is currently in process and id expected to be completed by December 2021. The 
OKRS was renovated into a resort and spa in 2014. SNHC also provides catering services and in late 2019, SNHC was 
awarded the catering contract for the Arab Academy of Maritime Science and Transportation located in Khorfakkan. 
In light of the negative impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, SNHC partnered with the Ministry of Health to support 
the COVID-19 initiative and transformed Hotel Holiday International and OKRS into COVID-19 field hospitals during 
the peak of the pandemic, at one point accommodating over 430 patients. This partnership supported the Government's 
programme to tackle the pandemic and also provided SNHC with an opportunity to cover its liabilities and costs during 
a difficult period. Since the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic, SNHC has managed to operate its facilities at an 
average of 8 per cent. higher occupancy as compared to its competitors within the same market with similar rates.  
For the year ended 31 December 2020, SNHC generated revenues of AED 29.8 million and a loss for the year of AED 
5.0 million compared to AED 39.8 million of revenues and AED 0.581 million of profit for the year ended 31 December 
2019. Revenues decreased mainly because of renovations being conducted, competition bringing room rates down and 
the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. As at 31 December 2020, SNHC's total assets amounted to AED 304.6 million, 
compared to AED 302.4 million as at 31 December 2019. There is an increased focus on this sector from the 
Government and the incentivisation of the tourism industry in Sharjah is expected to increase tourist arrivals and the 
promotion of tourism for the Emirate of Sharjah. SIB's strategy is to diversify its revenues which is supported by the 
introduction of both the Retail and Catering Divisions to SNHC.

--- Page 100 ---
86 
 
Sharjah Islamic Finance Services (SIFS) 
SIFS offers customers and investors a wide range of Shari'a-compliant trading tools to allocate, select and manage 
investments and wealth through the DFM and the ADX. SIFS is based in the Al-Ghanem Business Centre at Al-Khan 
Street, Sharjah, where its offices provide a modern business environment for the benefit of its customers. Like SIB, 
SIFS also applies strict Shari'a principles to all of its processes, practices and products. 
For the year ended 31 December 2020, SIFS generated revenues of AED 5.0 million and net profit of AED 0.32 million 
compared to AED 3.3 million of revenues and a net profit of AED 0.91 million in 2019. The increase was in line with 
market expectations and sentiments prevailing in the DFM and the ADX. SIFS had total assets of AED 55.2 million 
as at 31 December 2020, compared to AED 47.3 million of total assets as at 31 December 2019. 
ASAS Real Estate 
ASAS is responsible for the management of SIB's real estate assets, together with the real estate assets of some of 
SIB's clients, including the Government. ASAS provides property management services, a market which SIB believes 
is expanding. As such, ASAS has a mandate to expand its business operations to each of the emirates in the UAE. It is 
expected that ASAS will provide investment opportunities to SIB's customers who seek to achieve returns from 
investments in UAE real estate assets. 
ASAS has now expanded into other real-estate business areas such as sales and property and facilities development 
and management. ASAS projects have included the ASAS Tower, the Al Nouf villas development, the Industrial Area 
18, the Rawdat Al Qarat Project and other residential developments in Sharjah. 
For the year ended 31 December 2020, ASAS generated revenues of AED 114.7 million compared to AED 119.8 
million for the year ended 2019. This decrease is primarily attributable to a general slowdown in the real estate market 
which was impacted by COVID-19 related lockdowns and economic inactivity. 
SIB's Competition 
SIB faces competition in all of its principal business areas. In its Retail Banking and Corporate Banking businesses, 
SIB's principal competitors include both banks that are locally incorporated (conventional and Islamic) as well as 
certain foreign banks operating in the UAE. As at 30 June  2021, there were 58 commerical banks licensed to operate 
inside the UAE (source: UAE Central Bank). In the Islamic banking market, SIB's direct competitors include Emirates 
Islamic Bank, Dubai Islamic Bank, Abu Dhabi Islamic Bank, Al Hilal Bank and Ajman Bank, all of whom are 
incorporated in the UAE. Additionally, a large majority of conventional banks offer Islamic financing and deposit 
facilities to customers through Islamic windows, thereby increasing the competition for banks such as SIB.  
Despite the relatively high level of competition in the banking sector in the UAE, SIB expects the demand for Islamic 
banking services will increase in the short to medium term. SIB's objective is to participate in this growth and to 
increase its market share, based on its selling skills, service quality standards, strong brand, personalised customer care 
and continuing product development. 
Risk Management 
The operations of SIB require continuous management of particular risks or combinations of risks. Risk management 
is the identification, analysis, evaluation and management of the factors that could adversely affect SIB's resources, 
operations and financial results. SIB's main risks include credit, operational, market, liquidity, legal, regulatory, Shari'a 
and currency risks. SIB aims to manage its exposure to these risks conservatively. 
SIB continues to enhance its risk management and compliance framework and replaced its current internal risk rating 
system with the updated rating system from Moody's. This system provides a robust risk rating framework and toolset 
with qualitative and quantitative parameters and runs on an industry standard rating model covering all asset classes. 
SIB's Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) is made up of the following divisions, all reporting to the Chief Risk Officer 
(CRO) who, in turn, reports to the Board of Directors through the Risk Management Committee: 
 
Risk Management Division (RMD) (Credit Risk, Operational, Market and Liquidity Risk functions);  
 
Corporate Credit & Retail Credit Administration;

--- Page 101 ---
87 
 
 
Centralised Recovery & Collections; and 
 
Information Security & Risk Assurance. 
The ERM function at SIB is not just a process for risk governance, but also provides an opportunity for utilising risk 
as a viable advantage in the market place through the alignment of SIB's business strategy and risk appetite statement 
(approved by the Risk Management Committee). SIB's various levels of risk governance, in their respective oversight 
and functional roles, provide full support to the risk management programme to build and promote a powerful and 
strategically focused integrated enterprise-wide risk management architecture and culture in SIB. 
Risk governance structure 
Although the ultimate responsibility for SIB's risk management lies with the Board of Directors, SIB's risk governance 
structure has been designed to support the Board of Directors and its committees in their oversight of the risks that face 
SIB in the performance of its activities. A key feature of SIB's risk governance structure is the concept of "lines of 
defence", whereby each of SIB's business groups take responsibility for the risks to which they are exposed. 
Risk management architecture 
The ERM's basic role is to ensure that SIB's risk is mitigated effectively. SIB's risk architecture is based on a three-tier 
approach: 
Strategic Level 
Risk management functions are performed by the Executive Management and the Board of Directors through vision 
and strategy. 
Tactical Level 
Risk management functions are handled by middle management and various units across business lines through risk 
based decisions. 
Operational Level 
Risk management functions relating to operational risk are handled through performance measures, internal controls 
and risk awareness programs, as well as certain procedures and processes that cover all issues relating to other types 
of risk. 
Risk Management Division 
The RMD serves as an independent appraisal function within SIB, monitoring the broad spectrum of risks faced by 
SIB, including credit, market/liquidity, compliance and operational risks, and examining and evaluating the 
effectiveness of and compliance with SIB's policies and procedures. The RMD reports directly to the Board Risk 
Committee through the CRO and indirectly to the Chief Executive Officer. 
In particular, the RMD's responsibilities include: 
 
formulating appropriate risk management charters, control strategies, policies and procedures regarding those 
activities and units which incur significant risk, including business continuity plans. All risk management 
policies and procedures are approved by the Board of Directors as more particularly described in "Management 
of Sharjah Islamic Bank PJSC"; 
 
providing meaningful direction regarding SIB's overall risk philosophy and appetite, including consideration 
and acceptability of new or unusual risk, ensuring strict adherence to risk management policies and 
procedures; 
 
reviewing the reliability and integrity of financial and operating information and the means used to identify, 
measure, classify and report such information; 
 
examining and evaluating the quality of the advances portfolio and the credit management process (retail, 
corporate, real estate financing) in individual units throughout SIB;

--- Page 102 ---
88 
 
 
identifying and dealing with special risks associated with any sort of change (including economic, industry, 
regulatory and operating);  
 
monitoring and reporting on compliance with risk appetite, policies and limits; and 
 
managing and monitoring the implementation of the Basel III Compliance Project. 
SIB's Risk Management Policy Framework (RMPF) has been in place since 2004, when it was developed and 
formulated by the Risk Management team. The RMPF is reviewed annually and is subject to additional amendments 
based on the dynamic conditions of the market as well as the strategies and policies of SIB. All of SIB's risk policies 
and processes are reviewed and approved by the Board of Directors. 
Reflecting SIB's conservative attitude to risk, the RMPF is reviewed by regulatory inspectors during their annual 
examination of SIB. SIB's management believes that SIB's policies and procedures exceed the standards set by Basel 
III accord directives and UAE Central Bank regulations. 
SIB's risk management function broadly covers the diverse aspects of overall risk management activities, guided by 
well-structured and documented risk management policies, processes, internal controls and standard operating 
procedures. Risk management practices are embedded in all of SIB's processes and at every level, ensuring that risk 
management forms an integral part of SIB's day-to-day function, so as to further promote risk management as a part 
of business planning and decision making. 
Furthermore, the RMD reviews and modifies risk management policies and procedures, as well as systems to reflect 
any operational changes either internally, or, in the markets in which SIB operates. Risk and controls for all functions 
across SIB are developed by the RMD and used by Internal Audit for assessment of compliance during an internal 
audit. 
In relation to the introduction of the IFRS 9 accounting standards, the risk management function at SIB, along with 
other stakeholders such as SIB's financial control department, plays a critical role in their implementation as well as 
related model development. Governance structure and policy, including expected credit loss policy, is aimed at 
ensuring compliance with regulatory requirements such as Basel III and IFRS 9 standards (through ongoing 
monitoring, and reporting of Basel III ratios and IFRS 9 expected credit loss methodology on a quarterly basis). 
Regulatory Stress Testing 
Besides having comprehensive procedures for assessing material risks, SIB ensures that due importance is given to 
stress and scenario testing, mindful of the particular stage of the business cycle in which it is operating, using relevant 
procedures to undertake, review and, where appropriate, react to the results of rigorous, forward-looking stress testing. 
This forward-looking stress testing identifies possible events or cyclical changes in market conditions that could 
adversely impact SIB's earnings, liquidity or asset values. 
The UAE Central Bank has recently developed a common methodology framework for stress testing and requires all 
UAE local banks to conduct stress tests on their entire portfolio, on an annual basis, by developing their own internal 
models acceptable to the Financial Stability Unit (FSU) at the UAE Central Bank.  
Stress Testing - Governance 
As stress testing is a vital tool and critical element of risk management, the UAE Central Bank emphasises the 
involvement of the Board of Directors and senior management in the stress testing process and policy. Therefore, the 
governance and ownership of this critical exercise is influenced by the following factors: 
 
stress testing forms an integral part of the overall governance and risk management culture of SIB and 
therefore the RMD shall carry out regular stress tests, along with active participation by, and discussions with, 
the business units and other support functions; 
 
ultimate responsibility for the overall stress testing programme lies with the Board of Directors who shall, 
through the RMC, ensure that an efficient and effective stress testing process is in place;

--- Page 103 ---
89 
 
 
the stress testing report to the UAE Central Bank shall be approved and signed by the Board of Director's 
Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of SIB (in accordance with applicable regulatory 
requirements); 
 
regular maintenance and updating of the stress testing process shall be handled by the RMD, with meaningful 
and effective suggestions from business units and other support functions; and 
 
senior management involvement is critical in ensuring appropriate use of stress testing in SIB's risk governance 
and capital planning process, including strategic planning and development. 
Risk Management Framework 
Credit Risk 
Credit risk is the risk that a customer or counterparty to a financial asset fails to meet its contractual obligations and 
causes SIB to incur a financial loss. SIB is exposed to credit risk through its financing receivables, leased assets, 
wakalah arrangements with financial institutions and investments in sukuk. SIB's primary exposure to credit risk arises 
through its financing facilities to customers. In addition, SIB is also exposed to off-balance sheet credit risk through 
contingent liabilities it has assumed. 
SIB manages its credit risk exposure through diversification of its financing activities and investments to avoid 
concentration of risk with individuals or groups of customers in a specific location or business. In addition, SIB 
manages credit exposure by evaluating the creditworthiness of each counterparty, establishing the appropriate credit 
limits, obtaining security where appropriate and limiting the duration of exposure. In certain cases, SIB may also close 
out transactions or assign them to other counterparties to mitigate credit risk. SIB has a risk rating system to provide a 
consistent framework for risk management. The system assigns ratings as per regulatory guidelines to a wide range of 
credit recipients from all corporate clients. The credit rating system and individual facility assessments are managed 
in a consistent manner to measure the level of each client's credit risk appropriately. 
Furthermore, in order to manage credit risk, SIB sets credit policies, procedures and limits. SIB's Credit Committee 
provides the strategic framework for the credit limits, policies and procedures, the approval of specific exposures and 
work out situations, constant revaluation of the financing portfolio and the sufficiency of provisions. The credit 
exposure and credit policies are regularly reviewed by the Executive Committee and SIB's Board of Directors. In 
addition, regular audits of business units and SIB's credit processes are undertaken by the Internal Audit Division 
(IAD) (see further "Internal Audit"). 
In response to the COVID-19 outbreak, SIB's RMD has identified vulnerable sectors, including, but not limited to, 
aviation, hospitality, real estate and retail, that are significantly impacted by the developing situation, and reviews of 
such sectors are being conducted on a more frequent basis. Existing corporate credit lines are being reviewed and their 
utilisation is being closely monitored. SIB has a well-diversified financing portfolio where Government and 
Government-related entity financings represent more than 35 per cent. of its financing portfolio as at 30 June 2021. 
Consequently as at the date of this Base Prospectus, SIB's management has concluded that there has not been a 
significant increase in credit risk as a result of the COVID-19 outbreak. 
SIB has also been vigilant in underwriting to companies in vulnerable sectors, especially for any new-to-bank 
customers. Extra measures, such as requiring additional approvals for disbursals of facilities have been implemented 
to ensure a high level of scrutiny over the credit management process. SIB is in the process of conducting frequent 
reviews of the Finance to Value (LTV) ratios on the securities held against facilities, specifically securities which are 
illiquid in nature. 
Moreover, the management of SIB has reviewed all of its credit financing policies to address consequential increases 
in economic risk for different sectors effected by the current economic environment. 
To contain the repercussions of COVID-19 pandemic SIB facilitated its retail and corporate sector customers through 
temporary relief from payments of principal and/or profit on outstanding facilities under the government supported 
Targeted Economic Support Scheme (TESS). As the economic impact of the pandemic subsides, SIB's utilisation of 
the TESS funds has reduced significantly.

--- Page 104 ---
90 
 
Market Risk 
Market risk is the risk that SIB's income and/or value of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in 
market prices such as profit rates, foreign exchange rates and market prices of equity. SIB is exposed to market risk 
through its diverse financial instruments including sukuk, equities, investment funds and foreign currencies. Market 
risk is managed through market risk limits set out by SIB's Asset and Liability Committee (ALCO), which are 
approved by the Board of Directors. 
The market risk limits are monitored independently through the back office function by the RMD on a regular basis, 
and exceptions, if any, are reported to the senior management and ALCO. The back office is also responsible for 
highlighting areas in which SIB's policies are not being complied with, as well as ensuring that the conditions and 
covenants for each of the investment accounts are monitored. 
In addition to its internal procedure and systems, SIB is required to comply with the guidelines and regulations of the 
UAE Central Bank, as well as Shari'a principles. 
Settlement Risk 
SIB's activities may give rise to risk at the time of settlement of transactions and trades. Settlement risk is the risk of 
loss due to the failure of a counterparty to honour its obligations to deliver cash, securities or other assets as 
contractually agreed. 
For certain types of transactions SIB mitigates this risk by ensuring that a trade date is settled only when both parties 
have fulfilled their contractual settlement obligations. Settlement limits form part of the credit limits monitoring 
process. Acceptance of settlement risk on free settlement trades requires transaction specific or counterparty specific 
approvals from the ALCO. 
All treasury related transactions are undertaken with counterparty banks or institutions where settlement limits are in 
place. 
Foreign Exchange Rate Risk 
The foreign exchange rate risk is managed on the basis of limits determined by the ALCO and a continuous assessment 
of SIB's open position by Treasury with respect to current and expected exchange rate movements. SIB does not engage 
in foreign exchange proprietary trading and where necessary matches currency exposures inherent in certain assets 
with liabilities in the same or correlated currency. 
The ALCO has set limits on positions by currency. Positions are closely monitored on a daily basis by the ERM to 
ensure that the positions are maintained within established limits. In case of any limit exceptions that may arise during 
the course of regular transactions, the ERM will seek clarification from the TD and will also take action to mitigate 
the exchange rate risks. 
The exchange rate of AED against U.S. dollars has been pegged since November 1980 and SIB's exposure to foreign 
exchange rate risk is limited to that extent. 
As at 31 December 2020, SIB had the following significant net exposures denominated in foreign currencies: 
 
Net Position 
 
(equivalent AED thousands) 
Currency 
2020 
2019 
U.S. dollar .........................................................................................................................................  
(3,338,134) 
(2,162,185) 
Sterling Pound ...................................................................................................................................  
33,695 
45,162 
Euro ...................................................................................................................................................  
(1,706) 
(1,231) 
Bahrani Dinar ....................................................................................................................................  
7,902 
7,675 
Saudi Riyals ......................................................................................................................................  
26,427 
(208,899) 
Kuwaiti Dinar ....................................................................................................................................  
201 
1,130 
 
Profit Rate Risk

--- Page 105 ---
91 
 
Profit rate or pricing risk, comprising market and valuation risks, are managed on the basis of pre-determined asset 
allocations across various asset categories, a continuous appraisal of market conditions and trends and management's 
estimate of long and short term changes in fair value. Overall pricing or profit rate risk positions are managed by the 
ALCO. 
SIB is not significantly exposed to the profit rate risk in terms of the re-pricing of its liabilities since primarily, in 
accordance with Islamic Shari'a, SIB does not provide a contractual rate of return to its depositors, other than with 
respect to certain special fixed deposits. 
Liquidity Risk 
Liquidity risk is the risk that SIB will encounter difficulty in meeting its obligations associated with financial liabilities 
that are settled by delivering cash or other financial assets. It includes the risk of the inability to fund assets at 
appropriate maturities and rates and the inability to liquidate assets at reasonable prices and in an appropriate timeframe 
and inability to meet obligations as they become due. Liquidity risk can be caused by political uncertainty, market 
disruptions or credit downgrades which may cause certain sources of funding to diminish. 
As at 31 December 2020, SIB's financing receivables to total deposit ratio stood at 74 per cent. SIB's liquidity is 
managed actively by the TD. In addition, all liquidity policies and procedures are subject to review and approval by 
ALCO. 
Liquidity in UAE dirhams is available through the sale of U.S. dollar denominated securities and subsequent sale of 
the U.S. dollar proceeds to the inter-bank market (or to the UAE Central Bank) on a same-day basis if required. 
Liquidity can be easily switched from U.S. dollars to UAE dirhams and vice versa due to the fixed nature and narrow 
spread of the foreign exchange peg. 
The maturity profile of SIB's financial assets is set out below for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019. 
 
Less than 
3 months 
 
Over 
 
 
3 months 
to 1 year 
1-5 years 
5 years 
Total 
 
AED millions 
31 December 2020 
 
 
 
 
 
Assets 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash and balances with banks and financial 
institutions ..........................................................  
3,391 
 - 
- 
 -  
 3,391 
Murabaha and wakalah with financial 
 
 
 
 
 
institutions ................................................... 
6,915 
 788 
129 
 -  
 7,832 
Investment in Islamic financing ................... 
3,242 
 4,325 
11,764 
 9,937 
 29,269 
Investment securities ................................... 
776 
 1,262 
2,440 
 3,269 
 7,747 
Other assets ................................................. 
626 
 165 
- 
 -  
 792 
 
 14,952 
 6,540 
14,333 
 13,207 
 49,031 
Liabilities 
 
 
 
 
 
Customers' deposits ..................................... 
 23,251 
10,358 
 -  
 -  
33,608 
Due to banks ................................................ 
 3,251 
 1,502 
 1,266  
 -  
6,019 
Sukuk payable ............................................. 
47 
 1,958 
 3,953  
 -  
5,958 
Other liabilities ............................................ 
 602 
 130 
 -  
 -  
731 
 
 27,150 
 13,948 
 5,220  
 -  
 46,317 
Contingent Liabilities ................................ 
 206 
 433 
 1,479  
 -  
 2,117 
 
 
 
 
 
 
31 December 2019 
 
 
 
 
 
Assets 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash and balances with banks and financial 
institutions ..........................................................  
 2,451 
 -   
 -   
 -  
 2,451 
Murabaha and wakalah with financial 
 
 
 
 
 
institutions ................................................... 
 6,885 
 910 
 153  
 -  
 7,948 
Investment in Islamic financing ................... 
 2,017 
 3,806 
 10,555  
 8,765 
 25,143 
Investment securities ................................... 
 261 
 256 
 3,704  
 1,606 
 5,827 
Other assets ................................................. 
 567 
 124 
 - 
 -  
691 
 
 12,182 
5,097 
 14,411 
10,371 
 42,060 
Liabilities 
 
 
 
 
 
Customers' deposits ..................................... 
 19,038 
 8,275 
 - 
 -  
 27,313 
Due to banks ................................................ 
 2,360 
 941 
 1,915 
 -  
5,216 
Sukuk payable ............................................. 
 1,847 
 - 
4,023  
 -  
 5,870 
Other liabilities ............................................ 
 665 
119 
- 
 -  
 784 
 
23,911 
 9,335 
5,938 
 -  
39,183 
Contingent Liabilities ................................ 
137 
390 
1,693 
1 
2,222

--- Page 106 ---
92 
 
The increase in total assets from 31 December 2019 to 31 December 2020 was due to the overall expansion of the 
business of SIB, which is reflected in the growth in financing, investment in sukuk and liquid assets.  
In response to the COVID-19 outbreak, SIB has taken the following actions to manage liquidity risks: 
 
monitoring the movements and composition of its deposits on a daily basis;  
 
monitoring its adherence to regulatory ratios, including the eligible liquid assets ratio (the ELAR) and the 
Finance / Advances to Stable Resource Ratio (ASRR) on a daily basis; 
 
developing contingency plans and opening up new funding lines in the treasury and inter-bank markets of 
other GCC countries; and 
 
developing stress testing scenarios to assess the impact on SIB in extreme stress. 
Equity Price Risk 
Equity price risk arises from the change in fair value of equity instruments. SIB manages this risk through 
diversification of investment in terms of geographical distribution and industry concentration. 
Operational Risk 
Operational risk is the risk of direct or indirect loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal process and 
methodologies, human error, systems or from external events. Operational risk may arise from a wide variety of causes 
associated with SIB's processes, personnel, technology and infrastructure, and from external factors, other than credit, 
market and liquidity risks, such as those arising from legal and regulatory requirements and generally accepted 
standards of corporate behaviour. 
SIB manages operational risk through a disciplined application and evaluation of internal controls, appropriate 
segregation of duties, independent authorisation of transactions and regular, systematic reconciliation and monitoring 
of transactions. SIB's objective is to manage operational risk so as to balance the avoidance of financial losses and 
damage to SIB's reputation with overall cost effectiveness and to avoid control procedures that restrict initiative and 
creativity. 
SIB has established a framework of policies and procedures for managing functions, departments and branches which 
aims to minimise operational loss by requiring all units to identify, assess, control, manage and report risks. The Risk 
Management Committee (RMC) continually reviews the policies and procedures, identifies issues and manages 
operational risk to reduce the likelihood of any operational losses. Where appropriate, SIB mitigates the operational 
risk by way of insurance. 
Compliance with policies and procedures is supported by periodic reviews undertaken by the IAD. The results of these 
reviews are discussed with the management of the business unit to which they relate, with summaries submitted to the 
Audit Committee (AC) and senior management of SIB. 
In addition, SIB has also established a business continuity planning team which ensures that SIB can continue to service 
its customers' needs in the event of any major business disruption and minimise any operational risk. 
Legal risk 
Legal risk is the risk that a customer or counterparty will commence proceedings against SIB. SIB has an internal 
Legal Division which is headed by the VP Legal Counsel. 
The primary function of the Legal Division is to advise on all legal and litigation matters affecting SIB. In addition to 
the initiation of legal proceedings, the Legal Division also negotiates settlements (where appropriate) in order to 
increase SIB's recoveries. The Legal Division also ensures that all internal and external legal reporting requirements 
are complied with.

--- Page 107 ---
93 
 
Basel III – Capital Adequacy 
In line with the implementation of Basel III, SIB is required to maintain a total regulatory capital, comprising of Tier 
1 and Tier 2 capital and capital buffers, at 13.0 per cent. of risk weighted assets. SIB has complied and intends to 
comply with any and all externally imposed capital requirements applicable to it. 
As further described in "The United Arab Emirates Banking Sector and Prudential Regulations – COVID 19", the 
UAE Central Bank capital buffers must be maintained in addition to the minimum CET1 requirement of 7 per cent., 
Additional Tier 1 requirement of 1.5 per cent. and Tier 2 requirement of 2 per cent. SIB is currently required to maintain 
a capital conservation buffer of 2.5 per cent. As at 30 June 2021, SIB's capital conservation buffer was 2.5 per cent. 
SIB may also be required to maintain a countercyclical capital buffer if so advised by the UAE Central Bank, at a level 
(determined by the UAE Central Bank) between 0 and 2.5 per cent. of risk weighted assets. 
SIB's capital adequacy figures for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019 are set out in the table 
below (based on Basel III computation): 
 
BASEL III 
 
2020 
2019 
Tier 1 capital 
(AED thousands) 
Ordinary share capital.............................................................................................................................................. 
3,081,598 
2,934,855 
Tier 1 sukuk............................................................................................................................................................. 
1,836,500 
1,836,500 
Retained earnings .................................................................................................................................................... 
972,993 
1,045,261 
Fair value reserve .................................................................................................................................................... 
44,380 
23,390 
Statutory reserve ...................................................................................................................................................... 
89,008 
89,008 
Legal reserve ........................................................................................................................................................... 
1,508,508 
1,467,428 
Total tier 1 capital base............................................................................................................................................ 
7,365,335 
7,080,521 
Tier 2 capital 
 
 
Total tier 2 capital base............................................................................................................................................ 
441,619 
 380,085  
Total capital base ..................................................................................................................................................... 
7,806,954 
7,460,544 
Risk weighted assets: 
 
 
Credit risk ................................................................................................................................................................ 
35,329,510 
30,406,780 
Market risk .............................................................................................................................................................. 
111,831 
85,650 
Operational risk ....................................................................................................................................................... 
2,262,468 
2,238,802 
Risk weighted assets ................................................................................................................................................ 
37,703,808 
32,731,232 
Tier 1 capital ratio ................................................................................................................................................... 
19.53% 
21.63% 
Capital adequacy ratio (after proposed dividend adjustment) .................................................................................. 
20.71% 
22.79% 
 
Under Federal Law No. (2) of 2015 concerning the UAE Central Bank, the Monetary System and Organization of 
Banking, banks are required to transfer 10 per cent. of profit each year into a statutory reserve until this reserve makes 
up 50 per cent. of capital. Distributions cannot be made from this reserve, except in special legally defined 
circumstances. All dividends have to be authorised by the UAE Central Bank. In addition, under the 2018 Federal Law, 
the UAE Central Bank may not approve proposed dividends by a UAE bank, if such bank has failed to maintain its 
capital adequacy ratio requirements at such time. 
Basel III - Liquidity Risk Ratios 
SIB applies a prudent approach to liquidity risk management. SIB's Asset & Liability Management Committee 
oversees liquidity risk regularly. A robust funding structure supports sound liquidity risk management. SIB's approach 
is to ensure that it will always have sufficient liquidity to meet all liabilities when due, under both normal and stressed 
conditions, without incurring unacceptable losses or risking damage to SIB's reputation. 
As such SIB ensures ongoing compliance with the regulatory defined liquidity ratios which are implemented in line 
with UAE Central Bank set time lines. SIB meets and intends to continue to meet any applicable liquidity ratios or 
funding ratios as further described herein and in the Financial Statements. 
Distributions of Profit 
Depending on the profitability of SIB and capital requirements, SIB's Board of Directors may propose a dividend after 
announcing SIB's year-end financial results. In accordance with UAE Central Bank guidelines, the proposed dividend 
is to be authorised by the UAE Central Bank before it is declared to the general public. Any dividend proposed by the 
Board of Directors must be approved at SIB's annual general meeting.

--- Page 108 ---
94 
 
Corporate Credit & Retail Credit Administration 
The Corporate Credit & Retail Credit Administration Division covers all of the administrative activities relating to 
approved credit proposals. The division ensures that security and collateral documentation is perfected and executed 
as well as ensuring the safe custody of securities in compliance with internal polices, approved terms and conditions 
and Shari'a principles. 
Centralised Recovery & Collections 
The Centralised Recovery & Collections Division within the ERM is primarily responsible for managing SIB's 
receivables and reducing bad and doubtful debts by minimising potential losses arising from problem facilities. The 
division effectively and efficiently manages the collection and recovery functions of SIB in order to reduce portfolio 
losses. 
Information Security & Risk Assurance 
The Information Security & Risk Assurance Division within the ERM is primarily responsible for development, 
delivery and maintenance of the information security program that safeguards SIB's information assets and supports 
infrastructure against unauthorised use, disclosure, modification, damage or loss. The division supports a 
comprehensive bank-wide program that encompasses such functions as information security implementation, 
monitoring, threat and vulnerability management, incident management and similar. 
The Information Security & Risk Assurance Division works with various other divisions to comply with information 
security policies, industry best security practices (including ISO/IEC 27001: 2013 Payment Card Industry Data 
Security Standard), and other regulatory requirements. Working with federal and local governments and banks 
customers, the Information Security & Risk Assurance Division provides support through management of information 
security risks and ensures SIB can provide secure and sustainable banking services meeting its own and its clients' 
objectives. 
In line with SIB's strategy to protect its customer information and implement best security practices in the banking 
sector, SIB has implemented the Information Security Management System based on the ISO 27001 Standard. 
Subsequently SIB was awarded the ISO 27001 Certification by the accredited ISO Certification body, who assessed 
the implementation of SIB's Information Security Management System in accordance with its standards. 
Corporate Governance 
SIB applies the basic principles of good corporate governance across each of its functions. In 2007, SIB established a 
corporate governance policy framework as well as two critical Board Committees, the AC and the RMC. Furthermore, 
the activities of SIB are overseen by the ISSC, thereby guaranteeing strict conformity with Islamic principles. 
SIB's corporate governance structure is supported by SIB's committees and the Board of Directors, which has ultimate 
responsibility for representing and reporting to the shareholders. Through its own practices, the Board of Directors 
ensures that clear lines of responsibility and authority exist, with well-defined roles, responsibilities and appropriate 
internal checks and balances. 
SIB ensures that it complies with all regulatory and legal requirements by implementing effective controls, procedures 
and policies. Strategic and business plans are in place for three year periods, and are reviewed regularly with necessary 
updates suggested to the management and the Board of Directors. 
As part of SIB's application of good corporate governance, any potential conflicts of interest that arise are dealt with 
proactively. The list below sets out certain principles that are applied by SIB: 
 
the positions of CEO and the Chairman of the Board of Directors are held by different persons, with a clear 
segregation of duties and responsibilities; 
 
directors refrain from passing any resolutions on matters that relate to their own interests; 
 
there is a clear distinction and segregation of functions and duties relating to the Board of Directors and Senior 
Management. The different functions are documented in SIB's corporate governance framework;

--- Page 109 ---
95 
 
 
the CEO attends AC meetings as a permanent invitee only; and 
 
the Internal Audit, Risk Management and Shari'a Control divisions are independent and have clear reporting 
lines. 
Shari'a compliance (Sharia) 
Every transaction that SIB undertakes and all products that it offers must be in strict compliance with the principles of 
Shari'a, as interpreted by SIB's ISSC. See further, "Internal Shari'a Supervisory Committee". Such compliance is 
monitored by SIB's ISCD, which is entrusted with the day-to-day responsibilities of Shari'a control and is also over-
seen by the ISA. 
The management of SIB with the consent of the ISSC, nominates an employee of SIB as a secretary to coordinate with 
the Internal Shari'a Supervisory Committee. In order to assist in the liaison between the ISSC and the ISCD and to 
improve turnaround time for the ISSC's approval, the Head of the ISCD normally takes up the position of the secretary 
to the ISSC. All matters requiring the ISSC's approval must be delivered first to the ISCD, either in a formal meeting 
or by circulation. However, in order to be able to offer products and undertake certain types of transactions quickly 
and efficiently, the ISCD has the authority to draft standard contracts for the various products which have been declared 
Shari'a-compliant by the ISSC. Once these standard form contracts have been approved by the ISSC, their future use 
does not usually require further approval from the ISSC other than in circumstances where any amendments are 
required. 
Credit Division 
SIB has a dedicated Credit Division which is responsible for the assessment and evaluation of all matters relating to 
credit risk. The Credit Division supports and challenges business proposals in accordance with SIB's cautious risk 
strategy and in line with the Board of Director's approved credit risk appetite levels, supported by a culture of prudent 
and responsible financing, a strong Financing Policy and a control framework in line with the regulations of the UAE 
Central Bank. 
The basic functions and responsibilities of the Credit Division are: 
 
maintaining high quality assets through effective control and management of credit risk, minimising credit 
losses whilst enhancing returns, and thereby contributing to the overall success of SIB; 
 
monitoring credit risk through the proper evaluation of credit proposals and facilities by identifying and 
analysing all potential risk factors associated with requested credit facilities; 
 
monitoring credit exposure by limiting transactions with specific entities and continually assessing the 
creditworthiness of SIB's counterparties; and 
 
managing credit risk exposure through the diversification of financing activities to ensure mitigation against 
all elements of concentration risk. 
Credit Approval Procedures 
Credit exposure 
The financing policy of SIB is guided by its Islamic Financing Policy Framework, which is reviewed from time to time 
in light of market conditions. At all times, SIB strictly adheres to and observes the individual and aggregate percentage 
limits regulating large exposures stipulated by the UAE Central Bank. 
Retail banking credit approval procedures 
SIB's retail products are supported by the application of stringent credit criteria. These credit criteria are dynamic and 
have been reviewed following the recent financial crisis. As a conservative banking institution that applies Shari'a 
rules and principles, SIB is only prepared to extend finance to those customers that can afford it with a special emphasis 
on debt service ratios, which are currently capped at 50 per cent. Unlike other banks in the GCC, SIB predominantly 
accepts applications for credit cards and finance from those customers that credit their salary to SIB. All Retail Banking 
credit is in line with Central Bank guidelines circular No. 29/2011. Any exceptions to this rule require the express

--- Page 110 ---
96 
 
permission of SIB's Credit Committee. As such, the management of SIB believes that delinquency rates have been 
comparatively low in retail product categories. 
SIB has regular reviews and amends its real estate financing criteria in line with the regulatory requirements of the 
UAE Central Bank. Furthermore, individual cases are assessed for credit worthiness, and stringent credit criteria is 
applied in line with regulatory limits and caps imposed by the UAE Central Bank, where applicable, with the aim of 
protecting the financial stability of SIB. 
Corporate banking credit approval procedures 
Credit Approval Process 
SIB has a centralised credit approval philosophy with ultimate authority resting with the Credit Committee, 
Executive Committee and Board of Directors. SIB's credit philosophy is supported by well-defined and formulated 
Islamic Financing Policies, guidelines and processes for credit risk management which include credit appraisal, 
approval and administration. In addition to Islamic Financing Policies, credit guidelines have been formulated by 
SIB's Board of Directors that restrict financing in certain areas. In particular, SIB maintains a dynamic 'watch list' 
of countries from which no investment or financing can take place. In addition, SIB maintains sector limits in order 
to mitigate the effects of concentration risk and exposure to certain industries. 
SIB's credit approval process consists of the following stages: 
 
relevant business area solicits clients, prepares the necessary documentation and submits a proposal to the 
Credit Division; 
 
the Credit Division independently reviews, evaluates and assesses the documentation and prepares a due 
diligence report; 
 
the Credit Division will then make recommendations to the Credit Committee; 
 
the Credit Committee makes a decision within the guidelines of the Credit Committee approval authority that 
have been formulated by the Board of Directors. Subsequently, proposals requiring Executive Committee or 
Board of Director approval (in line with the relevant credit approval authority matrix) are approved or ratified 
in line with the limits set out in the credit approval authority matrix; 
 
proposals are forwarded to the Credit Administration department for the completion of final documentation; 
and 
 
the transaction or deal is carried out by the finance operations division. 
Credit Risk Grades 
SIB uses internal credit risk grading that reflects its assessment of the probability of default of an individual customer, 
and as such, has adopted a 22 grade risk rating system, on a scale of 1 to 10. These risk ratings reflect an assessment 
of various financial and qualitative credit characteristics, widely used by banks to facilitate their risk/return and broader 
portfolio allocation decisions, which vary depending on the nature of the exposure and the type of financed client. 
SIB's rating methodology comprises of 19 rating levels for instruments not in default (1 to 7-) and three default classes 
(8 to 10). An investment grade financial asset falls within credit grades 1 to 4-. A non-investment grade financial asset 
falls within credit grades 5+ to 7, whereas financial assets with a credit grade of 7- are considered to be watch-list. The 
master scale assigns each rating category a specified range of probability of default, which is stable, over time. The 
rating method is subject to annual validation and recalibration so that they reflect the latest projections in the light of 
all actually observed defaults. 
Each exposure is allocated a credit risk grade on initial recognition based on available information about the customer. 
Exposures are subject to ongoing monitoring, which may result in an exposure being moved to a different credit risk 
grade. Risk rating an account will determine the pricing of the risk. As the rating risk increases, the pricing of the risk 
also increases. Some accounts may fall in a grey area between two categories of risk rating, in which case the more 
conservative position or rating should be adopted.

--- Page 111 ---
97 
 
The table below provides an indicative mapping of how SIB's internal credit risk grades relate to the probability of 
default, and for the corporate customer portfolio, to external credit ratings. 
SIB Grade Scale 
& Classification 
CB 
UAE 
Classification 
S & P Rating 
Benchmark 
Fitch Rating 
Benchmark 
Moody's 
Rating 
Benchmark 
ERR 
Grade 
Scale 
PD % 
Grade Description 
1 
Excellent 
Normal 
AAA 
AAA 
Aaa 
1 
0.008 
Exceptional 
business 
credit, judged to be of 
the 
highest 
quality, 
with minimal credit 
risk. 
Superior 
asset 
quality and financial 
capacity; 
which 
includes 
strong 
liquidity 
and 
cash 
generation, excellent 
and 
proven 
management; market 
leader. 
2 
Strong 
Normal 
AA+ 
AA+ 
Aa 1 
2+ 
0.013 
Very good business 
along with very good 
asset 
quality, 
consistently 
strong 
liquidity 
and 
debt 
capacity; 
highly 
regarded 
in 
the 
industry with strong 
market share. 
AA 
AA 
Aa 2 
2 
0.019 
AA- 
AA- 
Aa 3 
2- 
0.029 
3 
Good 
Normal 
A+ 
A+ 
A1 
3+ 
0.044 
Good business credit 
considered 
upper-
Medium 
grade, 
subject to low credit 
risk; 
good 
asset 
quality, 
strong 
liquidity 
and 
debt 
capacity. Company is 
above average size and 
holds a good position 
in the industry. 
A 
A 
A2 
3 
0.067 
A- 
A- 
A3 
3- 
0.1 
4 
Satisfactory 
Normal 
BBB+ 
BBB+ 
Baa 1 
4+ 
0.155 
Acceptable 
business 
credit 
subject 
to 
moderate credit risk, 
considered 
medium 
grade and as such may 
possess certain higher 
than 
average 
risk 
characteristics. 
Company 
has 
demonstrated 
adequate 
to 
good 
performance. 
BBB 
BBB+ 
Baa 2 
4 
0.235 
BBB- 
BBB- 
Baa 3 
4- 
0.355 
5 
Adequate 
Normal 
BB+ 
BB+ 
Ba 1 
5+ 
0.565 
Average 
to 
below 
average 
business 
credit 
subject 
to 
moderate credit risk, 
considered 
medium 
BB 
BB 
Ba 2 
5 
0.85

--- Page 112 ---
98 
 
SIB Grade Scale 
& Classification 
CB 
UAE 
Classification 
S & P Rating 
Benchmark 
Fitch Rating 
Benchmark 
Moody's 
Rating 
Benchmark 
ERR 
Grade 
Scale 
PD % 
Grade Description 
BB- 
BB- 
Ba 3 
5- 
1.25 
grade and as such may 
possess certain higher 
risk 
characteristics. 
Company 
has 
demonstrated 
adequate 
performance. 
6 
Marginal 
Normal 
B+ 
B+ 
B 1 
6+ 
1.9 
Below 
average 
business credit and 
subject to high credit 
risk. 
Company 
is 
likely 
a 
lower-tier 
competitor 
in 
its 
industry. Acceptable 
but requiring close 
monitoring 
and 
support of strong risk 
mitigants. 
B 
B 
B 2 
6 
2.9 
B- 
B- 
B 3 
6- 
4.25 
CCC+ 
CCC+ 
Caa 1 
7+ 
6.5 
CCC 
CCC 
Caa 2 
7 
10 
7 
Vulnerable 
Watchlist 
CCC- 
CCC- 
Caa3 
7- 
13.5 
Weak business credit: 
judged to be poor 
standing and subject to 
very high credit risk. 
Constitutes undue and 
unwarranted 
credit 
risk. 
Currently 
in 
performing status and 
not to the point of 
justifying 
a 
Substandard 
classification 
8 
Substandard 
Substandard 
CC 
CC 
Ca 
8 
100 
In 
Default 
(Substandard): 
unacceptable business 
credit 
with 
normal 
repayment 
in 
jeopardy. 
9 
Doubtful 
Doubtful 
C 
C 
C 
9 
100 
In Default (Doubtful): 
full 
repayment 
questionable. Serious 
problems to the point 
where partial loss of 
principal is likely.

--- Page 113 ---
99 
 
SIB Grade Scale 
& Classification 
CB 
UAE 
Classification 
S & P Rating 
Benchmark 
Fitch Rating 
Benchmark 
Moody's 
Rating 
Benchmark 
ERR 
Grade 
Scale 
PD % 
Grade Description 
10 
Loss 
Loss 
D 
D 
- 
10 
100 
In 
Default 
(Loss): 
expected loss. Such an 
asset 
may 
have 
recovery but not to the 
point of avoiding loss 
classification. 
Possible 
Stage 
3  
provision and write-
off. 
Weak business credit: 
judged to be poor 
standing and subject to 
very high credit risk. 
Constitutes undue and 
unwarranted 
credit 
risk. 
Currently 
in 
performing status and 
not to the point of 
justifying 
a 
Substandard 
classification 
 
Security & Collateral Management 
SIB has Credit Administration Departments, which handle the completion of documentation, securities and collateral 
management relating to approved facilities. Prior to the granting of a new facility, SIB ensures that necessary contracts 
are entered into, and appropriate securities are obtained. 
SIB holds collateral and securities against financing and ijara receivables in the form of cash margins, personal 
guarantees, and mortgages over properties or other securities over assets. Estimates of credit risk mitigation relating to 
financing and ijara receivables are based on the value of collateral assessed at the time of financing, and are 
subsequently monitored on a periodic basis. 
Non-performing financing receivable 
The International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) set forth strict principles for the recognition and provisioning 
of impaired financing receivables. SIB has therefore established and maintained regular procedures for the recognition 
of actual and potential defaulted payments, identification of non-serviced, unearned or overdue profit payments and 
for methodical assessment of potential financing receivables losses. The credit division has responsibility for 
monitoring non-performing financing. 
When assessing the expected credit loss on an asset, the IFRS 9 model considers the probability of default of an asset, 
the expected loss given default and the exposure at default. Furthermore, IFRS 9 requires an unbiased and probability 
weighted estimate of credit losses by also evaluating a range of possible outcomes that incorporate forecasts of future 
economic conditions, including macroeconomic factors and changes in asset credit risk profile since origination, 
effectively bringing together information regarding past events and past performance, current conditions and forecasts 
of future economic conditions. 
In line with UAE Central Bank requirements, relevant IFRS and SIB's internal policies and procedures, SIB classifies 
those accounts which are impaired and ensures provisions are made accordingly. 
In order to relieve the pressure of the COVID-19 outbreak on financial institutions, the UAE Central Bank has allowed 
banks to apply a prudential filter to IFRS 9 expected loss provisions. The prudential filter aims to minimise the effect 
of IFRS 9 provisions on regulatory capital, in view of expected volatility due to COVID-19. The filter will allow banks 
to partially add incremental ECL provisions back to their Tier 2 capital for the purpose of calculating capital adequacy 
ratios. Banks are, however, required to reverse this capital benefit in a gradual and phased manner over a period of 5 
years (ending on 31 December 2024).

--- Page 114 ---
100 
 
SIB continues to pro-actively manage credit quality and delinquencies and non-performing financing receivables 
across its corporate and retail portfolios. The non-performing gross financing receivables ratio decreased to 4.9 per 
cent. by 31 December 2020 from 5.1 per cent. reported as at 31 December 2019. The impairment allowance on non-
performing financing receivables in respect of 2020 increased to AED 0.89 billion compared to AED 0.81 billion in 
2019. This increase was primarily due to SIB's prudent approach for managing the credit quality. 
For further information regarding SIB's adoption of IFRS 9, see note 3 (Significant accounting policies) to the 2020 
Financial Statements (incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus). 
The following table provides a breakdown of non-performing financing receivables (Stage 3 Exposure) by sector for 
the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019: 
Non-performing financing receivables (Stage 3 Exposure) by sector 
 
2020 
2019 
 
(AED in millions) 
Trade ..............................................................................................................................................................  
 421  
393 
Real Estate and Construction ..........................................................................................................................  
 62  
85 
Services ..........................................................................................................................................................  
 146  
120 
Manufacturing ................................................................................................................................................  
 173  
177 
Other Corporate Financing (including high net worth individuals) ................................................................  
 535  
379 
Total Corporate Financing ..............................................................................................................................  
 1,337  
1,154 
Total Retail Financing ....................................................................................................................................  
 157  
197 
Non-performing financing receivables ........................................................................................................  
 1,494  
1,351 
 
The following table summarises the movements in allowances for impairment for financing receivables for SIB for the 
years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019. 
Movement in allowances for impairment (financing receivables) 
 
2020 
2019 
 
(AED thousands) 
Balance at 1st January  ...................................................................................................................................... 
1,118,378 
1,456,751 
Written off during the year ............................................................................................................................... 
(76,225) 
(410,720) 
Additional provision for the year ...................................................................................................................... 
264,602 
78,300 
Recoveries and write-backs during the year ..................................................................................................... 
(18,932) 
(5,953) 
Balance of allowances for impairment as at 31 December .......................................................................... 
1,287,822 
1,118,378 
 
Industry Regulations and Compliance 
Industry regulation and supervision 
The principal source of banking regulation in the UAE is the UAE Central Bank. The UAE Central Bank provides 
prudential supervision of each bank's capital adequacy, liquidity and anti-money laundering controls and its general 
banking activities. Monitoring by the UAE Central Bank is undertaken by way of regular inspections of banks and 
their records and the requirement for regular submission of data including, but not limited to, deposited funds, loans 
and mortgage business, liquidity status and anti-money laundering measures. 
SIB submits monthly, quarterly and annual reports to the Banking Supervision and Examination Department of the 
UAE Central Bank. SIB's Memorandum and Articles of Association, audited financial statements, the distribution of 
dividends and other documents are all required to be approved by the UAE Central Bank. As a UAE company, SIB is 
also subject to supervision and regulation at a corporate level by both the UAE Ministry of Economy and Planning and 
by the local regulatory authorities within each of the emirates of the UAE in relation to branches located in those 
emirates. For further information, see "The United Arab Emirates Banking System and Prudential Regulation" below. 
Regulation of Islamic banks 
SIB operates under a commercial banking licence granted to it by the UAE Central Bank to undertake Islamic banking 
activities. The licensing of Islamic banks requires the appointment of an Internal Shari'a Supervisory Committee which 
ensures the adherence to Shari'a principles in SIB's businesses (including with all of its operations and contracts).

--- Page 115 ---
101 
 
Internal Shari'a Supervisory Committee (ISSC) 
The ISSC oversees the application of all Shari'a provisions in respect of all businesses activities carried out by SIB 
and ensures that all transactions are in strict compliance with Shari'a principles with a specific mention to AAIOFI 
Shari'a Standards as well as relevant Higher Shari'a Authority (HSA) and ISSC fatwas (Shari'a opinions) and 
resolutions. The Board of Directors is obliged to abide by the fatwas and resolutions of the HSA and  ISSC regardless 
of whether a unanimous or majority vote secured the decision. ISSC meetings are held periodically or whenever the 
need arises. 
The ISSC reviews and approves finance products structures, procedures and documentation and templates and treasury 
and investments transactions (including sukuk and syndications) which enable SIB to follow market trends while 
maintaining the highest levels of Shari'a compliance. It also analyses and reviews unprecedented or one-off cases 
which have not been covered by an existing fatwa in order to ensure Shari'a compliance before any new transactions 
are executed or any new procedures are applied. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the members of SIB's ISSC are: 
Dr. Jassem Ali Salem Al Shamsi (Chairman), who heads the ISSC (formerly Fatwa & Shari'a Supervisory Board) 
of Sharjah Islamic Bank, having been appointed in March 2013. He was previously the Dean of the Faculty of Shari'a 
& Law at UAE University, Al Ain. He holds a Ph.D in Civil Law from Ain Shams University. He has authored 
numerous books and research papers with a special focus on comparative studies of laws with Islamic jurisprudence. 
Dr. Ibrahim Ali Abdullah Al Mansoori (ISSC Member and Managing Director), who holds a Ph.D. in Islamic 
Banking & Economy. He is an associate professor in Sharjah University and Ajman University. He is the author of 
various studies and papers on contemporary matters relating to Islamic banking and various Shari'a issues. He joined 
ISSC (previously SIB's Fatwa & Shari'a Supervisory Board) in March 2013. 
During the year ended 2020, Dr. Salim Al Ali joined SIB’s ISSC, however, he resigned during the first half of 2021. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, SIB is in the process of appointing a third member of the ISSC.  
Internal Shari'a Control Division 
The ISCD and ISA monitor the level of compliance of SIB's activities with Shari'a rules and the resolutions and 
guidance of the HSA and ISSC. ISCD acts as a conduit bridging the gap between the various divisions of SIB and the 
ISSC. It also solves any daily queries relating to Shari'a compliance under the supervision of or by referring issues to 
the ISSC if necessary. In addition, it reviews, refines and improves contracts and processes underlying current Islamic 
products and acts together with the ISSC in developing new products. 
Real estate property 
As at 31 December 2020, SIB owned land and buildings classified as Investment Properties and Properties Held for 
Sale in the Financial Statements (which are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus) at a carrying value of 
AED 3.5 billion. 
Capital expenditure 
SIB does not expect to incur capital expenditure outside its ordinary course of business. For the year ended 31 
December 2020, SIB incurred AED 66.1 million of capital expenditure, compared to AED 39.4 million for the year 
ended 31 December 2019. SIB is expected to undertake capital expenditure in 2021, principally for the upgrade of its 
information technology (IT) infrastructure and improving its branch network. 
Compliance risk and anti-money laundering policies 
SIB has implemented detailed AML and KYC policies and procedures. The responsibility for SIB's compliance 
function rests with the Head of Compliance. The Head of Compliance is also SIB's nominated money laundering 
reporting officer (MLRO). As part of its AML policy, SIB conducts a KYC check, which is mandatory for all new 
accounts. A customer profile is created at the time of account opening and is updated on an ongoing basis, as customer 
circumstances change and develop during the period of relationship with SIB.

--- Page 116 ---
102 
 
The MLRO acts as the main coordinator and point of contact between SIB and the Anti-Money Laundering and 
Suspicious Cases Unit of the UAE Central Bank (AMLSCU). All financial transactions are closely monitored and 
suspicious transactions are reported to the AMLSCU. The MLRO ensures that all black listed names circulated by 
regulatory bodies are checked against SIB's customer database. If a suspicious case arises, the MLRO will investigate 
and undertake appropriate action including reporting the case to AMLSCU if necessary. 
SIB's compliance department ensures that SIB meets each of its regulatory obligations and also ensures that it is up to 
date with all regulatory developments. SIB complies with each of the regulatory obligations imposed by the UAE 
Central Bank, UN and majority of all international sanctions. 
SIB has a full-time Compliance Officer, whose role is to establish standards of ethics, confidentiality, privacy, KYC 
policies and other hallmarks of good governance, such as avoidance of conflicts of interest. 
All staff are required to be aware of SIB's AML policy and procedures. In addition to this, the Compliance Officer 
provides training to new and existing staff in respect of  AML, KYC, Sanctions and related matters. 
Group Internal Audit  
SIB's Group Internal Audit (GIA) operates under a charter approved by the Board of Directors. The purpose of SIB’s 
GIA is to provide independent, objective assurance and consulting services designed to add value and improve the 
Group's operations. The mission of GIA is to enhance and protect organisational value by providing risk-based and 
objective assurance, advice, and insight. GIA helps the Group accomplish its objectives by bringing a systematic, 
disciplined approach to evaluate and improve the effectiveness of governance, risk management, compliance, and 
control processes. 
 
GIA is led by the Group Chief Internal Auditor (GCIA) and operates under the Internal Audit Charter approved by the 
Group Audit Committee. In order to ensure independence and objectivity, GCIA reports functionally to the Board of 
Directors through Group Audit Committee and administratively (i.e. in respect of day-to-day operations) to the Chief 
Executive Officer.  
 
GIA is independent of the audited activities and governs itself by adherence to the mandatory elements of The Institute 
of Internal Auditors' (the IIA) International Professional Practices Framework (IPPF). GIA consists of associates with 
professional educational and experience background in the fields of Banking, Investment, Information Technology and 
Security, Internal and External Audit and Financial Accounting. 
 
Funding 
The Investment Group's TD manages the overall short-term and long-term liquidity of SIB, guided by the overriding 
principle of prudent liquidity management. The division operates under the directions and guidance of SIB's ALCO 
and within the ambit of Shari'a principles. Most of SIB's long term funding requirements are met through customer 
deposits, collateralised repo transactions and sukuk based facilities, while short term requirements are mostly met 
through inter-bank financing and cross border deposits. SIB considers itself to have a good reputation among peer 
banks and Islamic financial institutions in the GCC region, which leads to inter-bank limits from these entities above 
required levels. As a contingency, the TD is also exploring new regions, such as South East Asia, for inter-bank and 
institutional relationships. Liquidity risks are mitigated by placing surplus funds across short-term tenors ranging 
from the overnight market to up to 3 month inter-bank placements, as well as placements in the UAE Central Bank's 
Islamic certificate of deposits (which can be converted into cash within a couple of days). 
Through its IBD, SIB also raises money through the international capital markets. As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, SIB has a U.S.$500 million sukuk due to mature in April 2023 and a U.S.$500 million sukuk due to mature 
in June 2025. In addition, in July 2019, SIB (via SIB Tier 1 Sukuk Company) issued U.S.$500 million Additional Tier 
1 Capital Certificates with a first call date in July 2025.  
Information Technology 
The IT division seeks to ensure that SIB's product and channel offerings are market leading and all banking systems 
are functioning properly, and plays an important role in driving business value by delivering key projects and initiatives 
which help to bring SIB to the forefront of technology adoption and competitive differentiation. Since the outbreak of 
the COVID-19 pandemic, the IT division has also been responsible for ensuring that there are no interruptions to SIB's 
business or disruptions to SIB's key project initiatives through the provision of operational continuity and support to

--- Page 117 ---
103 
 
employees working remotely (see "COVID-19 – Business Continuity"). SIB considers its technology to be of a high 
standard, and agile in delivering business, customer facing and regulatory initiatives. SIB has the IT capabilities to 
deliver automation and efficiency improvements for corporate and government customers and the ability to integrate 
directly with corporate enterprise resource planning systems for positive cheque pay validation, online pension and 
vendor payments. 
SIB has embarked on a digital transformation initiative since 2020 and recently launched an internet and mobile 
banking platform which includes market-leading features such as customer digital onboarding (without customers 
being required to visit a branch), instant remittances, bill payments and account balance and statement enquiries. SIB 
has also embarked on revamping its ATM fleet with new state-of-the-art ATM terminals with more interactive user 
experience. SIB has also developed and launched a new website catering to all of its business segments.  
In addition to the above customer facing digital initiatives, SIB has looked to implement modern technologies internally 
such as robotic process automation (RPA) and business process automation (BPA) to automate its internal processes 
which are labour intensive and prone to manual error, thereby increasing operational efficiency and reducing 
turnaround time. In the near-future, SIB intends to launch a new chatbot which will allow customers to interact with 
SIB (across all channels including WhatsApp) and introduce new enterprise technology to further accelerate digital 
adoption of its services.  
The abovementioned initiatives showcase SIB's emphasis on technology and follow other achievements such as being 
the first Islamic bank in the Middle East to launch Samsung Pay, the fifth local bank to launch Apple Pay and the first 
bank in the UAE to initiate the new Immediate Payment Instructions (IPI) transaction (a new instantaneous funds 
transfer service introduced by the UAE Central Bank).  
SIB has also launched remote cheque deposit (RCD) features to its corporate clients who can upload cheques to SIB 
remotely thereby reducing the turnaround time required for their cheques to be realised. SIB also intends to launch 
new corporate and mobile banking offerings with market-leading features such as the digital management of accounts, 
bill payments, mobile authorisation, bulk upload and trade finance. SIB is also the third bank in the region to introduce 
QR code based cheques to provide an additional layer of security to its customers.  
SIB's strategic partnership with the Sharjah Finance Department (SFD) continues to grow in addition to the already 
launched online vendor payments, pension and salary payments initiatives which provide the SFD with the ability to 
initiate such transactions from their enterprise resource planning system with Straight Through processing and real-
time interface with SIB's core banking platform. SIB is among very few banks globally who currently possess such 
technological capability to integrate with external entities in a real time in a fully automated manner. SIB has also 
engaged in a partnership with the Sharjah police to provide prison inmates with prepaid cards for them to conduct 
cashless transactions within its premises and for their dependents to fund the cards. SIB is in discussions with other 
entities such as University of Sharjah to provide seamless banking features directly between the university's systems 
and SIB's banking systems (similar to the functionality provided to the SFD).  
The IT division's infrastructure and networking is currently undergoing further transformation with the adoption of 
latest technological trends such as the Oracle Exadata engineered database machines (which provide zero data loss and 
redundancy). SIB's entire network infrastructure has been enhanced. In addition to the network infrastructure, the 
bandwidth between SIB's facilities has been upgraded successfully with in-built redundancy and fail-safe features.  
Consistent with its strategy to protect customer information and implement best IT security practices in the banking 
sector, SIB's information security was awarded the ISO 27001 Certification by "Lloyd's Register" in 2018. This 
accreditation indicates SIB's strong security practices related to customers, regulators, partners and other stakeholders. 
It also demonstrates that SIB is in line with best practices for protecting critical business information and high staff 
awareness. Implementing the standard has also provided a strong foundation for complying with the requirements of 
the UAE Central Bank's mandated National Electronic Security Authority (NESA) and Information Assurance (IA) 
Standard. 
In recognition of SIB's digital mindset and commitment to providing innovative solutions and an enriching experience 
to its customers, Fintech Galaxy (the MENA region's first and only FINTECH digital crowdsourcing platform) 
recognised SIB as the Most Innovative Islamic Bank of the year 2019 at the FinX awards held in Dubai. 
COVID-19 – Business Continuity

--- Page 118 ---
104 
 
Following the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic and the imposition of travel bans and social distancing measures, 
SIB's IT division undertook proactive threat level based planning to ensure that there was no interruption to SIB's 
business.  
As a result of the outbreak, SIB activated its business continuity policy (BCP), under which SIB uses secure remote 
working arrangements with dual authentication access. This enabled SIB's employees to work from home with access 
to call centers and all banking systems in a secure manner. Online meeting platforms such as GoToMeeting were 
provided to all staff to conduct their meetings online and an alternative business continuity planning site was built and 
readied in record time to divide staff to ensure workplace safety. Networking bandwidth was also upgraded to ensure 
quality of service was maintained on par to that provided in working premises. A security agency was also engaged to 
ensure that the remote access provided to staff was secured with zero vulnerabilities. SIB considers that it has 
appropriate cyber security architecture to support its commercial assets and customers without interruption to business 
activities. 
IT Steering Committee 
The objective of the Information Technology Steering Committee (ITSC) is to ensure that IT initiatives at SIB are 
aligned to its overall business strategy and to assess and evaluate new technologies which can bring competitive 
advantage to SIB in terms of revenue generation, efficiency improvement and cost savings. The ITSC is headed by the 
CEO and comprises of other senior members of the management including DCEO, CRO, COO and Head of IT and 
CIA as observer, the ITSC also invites other division heads or staff to attend the meeting as required. 
Insurance 
SIB has various insurance policies in place, including property, motor fleet and public liability. SIB believes that these 
insurance policies provide it with comprehensive insurance coverage against the various risks to which SIB may be 
exposed. 
Litigation 
SIB is not and has not been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such 
proceedings which are pending or threatened) in the 12 months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus which may 
have or have in such period had a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of SIB. Therefore no 
material provision has been made as at 31 December 2020 regarding any outstanding legal proceedings against SIB. 
Fiscal Year 
The fiscal year of SIB is the calendar year ending on 31 December. 
Auditors 
The 2020 Financial Statements and the 2019 Financial Statements of SIB have been audited by 
PricewaterhouseCoopers (Dubai Branch), Emaar Square, Building 5, Level 8, PO Box 11987, Dubai, UAE (PwC), 
without qualification, in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (which Financial Statements are 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus). PwC has also reviewed, without qualification, the Q3 2021 
Financial Statements and the H1 2021 Financial Statements in accordance with the International Standard on Review 
Engagements 2410, "Review of interim financial information performed by the independent auditor of the entity", as 
stated in PwC's review report appearing in the Q3 2021 Financial Statements and the H1 2021 Financial Statements 
(as applicable). PwC are a registered audit firm in the UAE, operating under professional licences issued by the Dubai 
Economic Department and the UAE Ministry of Economy. PwC were appointed as SIB's auditors from 1 January 
2018. There is no professional institute of auditors in the UAE and, accordingly, PwC is not a member of a professional 
body in the UAE. All PwC professionals and partners directly involved in the audit are members of the institutes from 
where they received their professional qualification. 
Recent Developments 
S&P’s rating outlook 
On 25 March 2021, S&P affirmed SIB's rating at A whilst also revising its outlook from negative to stable. The outlook 
was made negative in 2020 as a result of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, the resulting risks of which were 
highlighted for the banking sector in the UAE as a whole by S&P.

--- Page 119 ---
105 
 
Moody's rating 
On 25 May 2021, Moody's downgraded SIB's credit rating from A3 to Baa1 with a negative outlook based on a 
reduction in SIB's capital adequacy caused by the COVID-19 outbreak. Moody's provides an unsolicited rating to SIB.    
Financial performance for the nine months ended 30 September 2021 
The following information has been extracted from the unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements 
of SIB as at and for the nine months ended 30 September 2021, that include the unaudited comparative financial 
information for the nine months ended 30 September 2020: 
 
30 September  
30 September 
 
2021 
2020* 
 
(Unaudited) 
 
(AED'000) 
Income from investment in Islamic financing and sukuks .................................................................  
1,250,066 
1,281,368 
Distribution to depositors and sukuk holders .....................................................................................  
(437,797) 
(583,012) 
Net income from financing and investment products 
812,269 
698,356 
Investment, fees, commission and other income................................................................................  
246,513 
209,581 
 
 
 
Total operating income ...................................................................................................................  
1,058,782 
907,937 
General and administrative expenses .................................................................................................  
(405,919) 
(403,175) 
Net operating income before impairment provision .....................................................................  
652,863 
504,762 
Impairment on financial assets – net of recoveries ............................................................................  
(194,840) 
(151,380) 
Profit for the period ........................................................................................................................  
458,023 
353,382 
 
* The comparative figures for the nine months ended 30 September 2020 are extracted or derived from the unaudited comparative column of the Q3 
2021 Financial Statements. 
For the nine months ended 30 September 2021, the Group's profit for the period increased by 29.6 per cent. to AED 
458 million, as compared to AED 353.4 million for the nine months ended 30 September 2020, primarily due to the 
lower cost of deposits and a flat cost to income ratio. 
For the nine months ended 30 September 2021, net operating income before impairment provision increased by 29.3 
per cent. to AED 652.9 million, as compared to AED 504.8 million for the nine months ended 30 September 2020. 
Income from investment in Islamic financing and sukuks decreased by 2.4 per cent. from AED 1,281.4 million for the 
nine months ended 30 September 2020 to AED 1,250.1 million for the nine months ended 30 September 2021. 
Impairment on financial assets – net of recoveries increased from AED 151.4 million for the nine months ended 30 
September 2020 to AED 194.8 million for the nine months ended 30 September 2021. During the nine months ended 
30 September 2021, SIB redeemed U.S.$ 500 million sukuk due to mature in 2021 from its own liquidity sources. 
Total assets increased from AED 53.6 billion as at 31 December 2020 to AED 54.4 billion as at 30 September 2021. 
Customer deposits increased from AED 33.6 billion as at 31 December 2020 to AED 36.7 billion as at 30 September 
2021. 
SIB had a capital adequacy ratio of 21.21 per cent. as at 30 September 2021 calculated in accordance with Basel III 
and SIB also benefits from relatively low levels of gross non-performing financing, with AED 1,481.9 million (or 4.8 
per cent. of all gross investments in Islamic financing) classified as non-performing (Stage 3) as at 30 September 2021. 
Comparatively, SIB maintained a capital adequacy ratio of 20.71 per cent., with AED 1,494 million (or 4.9 per cent. 
of all gross financing) classified as non-performing (Stage 3) as at 31 December 2020.

--- Page 120 ---
106 
 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
The following tables set out in summary form the financial position and statement of income information relating to 
SIB. The selected consolidated financial information of SIB as at and for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019 
is extracted from the 2020 Financial Statements, prepared in accordance with IFRS (which, together with the audit 
report thereon, are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus) and the selected consolidated financial 
information of SIB as at and for the six months ended 30 June 2021 and 2020 is extracted from the H1 2021 Financial 
Statements, prepared in accordance with IAS 34 (which, together with the review report thereon, are incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus). The financial information presented below should be read in conjunction with the 
Financial Statements and the other information included elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Sources of Funding 
SIB's main source of funding has been customer and other banks' deposits, sukuks and shareholders' equity. The 
following table sets out certain details of such funding for SIB as at 30 June 2021, 31 December 2020 and 31 December 
2019: 
Description 
30 June 2021 
31 December 2020 
31 December 2019 
 
(AED million) 
Customers' Deposits ................................................................................ 
34,992 
33,608 
27,313 
Due to Banks ........................................................................................... 
5,304 
5,973 
5,128 
Sukuk Payable ......................................................................................... 
5,503 
5,501 
5,503 
Shareholders' Equity ................................................................................ 
7,615 
7,645 
7,529 
Assets and Investments 
The following table summarises the position in relation to some of SIB's principal assets and investments as at 30 June 
2021, 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019: 
Description 
30 June 2021 
31 December 2020 
31 December 2019 
 
(AED million) 
Cash and Balances with Banks and Financial Institutions ...................  
2,560 
3,391 
2,451 
Murabaha and Wakalah with Financial Institutions .............................  
10,390 
7,832 
7,948 
Investments in Islamic Financing: .......................................................  
29,292 
29,269 
25,143 
Investment Securities...........................................................................  
6,659 
7,747 
5,827 
Investment Properties ..........................................................................  
2,966 
2,886 
2,700 
Properties Held for Sale .......................................................................  
693 
653 
579 
Other Assets ........................................................................................  
865 
897 
818 
Property and Equipment ......................................................................  
926 
925 
924 
Total assets .........................................................................................  
54,351 
53,601 
46,390 
 
Contingent Liabilities and Commitments 
The following table summarises the position in relation to SIB's contingent liabilities and commitments as at 30 June 
2021, 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019: 
Description 
30 June 2021 
31 December 2020 
31 December 2019 
 
(AED million) 
Letters of Credit ............................................................................... 
183 
186 
139 
Letters of Guarantee ......................................................................... 
1,980 
1,931 
2,083 
 
Capital Adequacy Ratio 
The capital adequacy ratio was 20.78 per cent. for the six months ended 30 June 2021, 20.71 per cent. for the year 
ended 31 December 2020 and 22.79 per cent. for the year ended 31 December 2019. This remains above the regulatory 
minimum 13.0 per cent. set by the UAE Central Bank. In the opinion of SIB it has adequate capital to meet its 
requirements.

--- Page 121 ---
107 
 
Key Financial Information and Business Ratios 
As at and for the 
six months ended 
30 June 2021 
As at and for the 
six months ended 
31 December 
2020 
As at and for the 
six months ended 
31 December 
2019 
Income Statement Data 
(in AED million) 
Total Operating Income .................................................................................... 
687 
1,259 
1,227 
General and Administrative Expenses .............................................................. 
(270) 
(561) 
(585) 
Impairment on Financial Assets - Net of Recoveries ........................................ 
(128) 
(256) 
(97) 
Profit for the period/year .................................................................................. 
289 
406 
546 
 
 
Financial Position Data 
 
(in AED million) 
Total Assets ...................................................................................................... 
54,351 
53,601 
46,390 
Investments in Islamic financing ...................................................................... 
29,292 
29,269 
25,143 
Investments2 ..................................................................................................... 
10,318 
11,286 
9,107 
Customers' Deposits ......................................................................................... 
34,992 
33,608 
27,313 
Due to Banks .................................................................................................... 
5,304 
5,973 
5,128 
Equity attributable to equity holders3................................................................ 
7,615 
7,645 
7,529 
 
 
Income Statement Data 
 
(in U.S.$ million) 
Total Operating Income .................................................................................... 
 187 
 343  
334 
General and Administrative Expenses .............................................................. 
 (73) 
 (153) 
(159) 
Impairment on Financial Assets - Net of Recoveries ........................................ 
 (35) 
 (70) 
(26) 
Distribution to depositors' and Sukuk holders .................................................. 
(81.1) 
(205.3) 
(232) 
Profit for the period/year .................................................................................. 
79 
111 
149 
 
 
Financial Position Data 
 
(in U.S.$ million) 
Total Assets ...................................................................................................... 
 14,800 
 14,595  
12,632 
Investments in Islamic financing ...................................................................... 
 7,976 
 7,970  
6,846 
Investments2 ..................................................................................................... 
 2,810 
 3,073  
2,480 
Customers' Deposit ........................................................................................... 
 9,528 
 9,151  
7,437 
Due to Banks .................................................................................................... 
 1,444 
 1,626  
1,396 
Equity attributable to equity holders3................................................................ 
 2,074 
 2,082  
2,050 
 
 
Profitability Ratios 
 
 
Net Profit Margin (%)4 ..................................................................................... 
3.3
3.3 
3.4 
Annualized Return on Average Asset (%)5 ....................................................... 
1.07 
0.8 
1.2 
Annualized Return on Average Equity (%)6 ..................................................... 
7.6 
5.4 
8.5 
Earnings Per Share (AED) ................................................................................ 
0.09 
0.13 
0.19 
Equity/Total Assets (%).................................................................................... 
14.0 
14.3 
16.2 
Total regulatory capital expressed as a percentage of total risk weighted assets 
(%)7 .................................................................................................................. 
20.8 
20.7 
22.8 
 
 
Liquidity & Business Ratios 
 
 
Cost to Income Ratio (%)12 ............................................................................... 
27.4 
27.9 
28.2 
Liquid Assets7/Total Assets (%) ....................................................................... 
23.8 
20.9 
22 
Financings/Total Deposits (%)9 ........................................................................ 
73 
74 
78 
Depositors' accounts/Total Deposits (%)10 ........................................................ 
87 
85 
84 
Non-performing financing assets (NPA)/Net Financing (%)11 .......................... 
5.2 
5.1 
5.4 
Financing/Depositors' accounts (%) ................................................................. 
84 
87 
92 
 _______________  
1 
This information has been subject to rounding adjustments. 
2 
Investments include Investment Securities, Investment Properties and Properties Held-for-Sale in the Financial Statements. 
3 
Equity attributable to equity holders is the Total Shareholders' Equity in the Financial Statements. 
4 
For the six months ended 30 June 2021, Net Profit Margin is calculated based on the annualised net profit. 
5 
Return on Average Asset has been calculated by dividing the Profit for the period/year (which is annualised for H1 2021 by multiplying the 
profit for the period for the six months ended 30 June 2021 by 2) by the average of Total Assets of two years. 
6 
Return on Average Equity has been calculated by dividing the Profit for the period/year (which is annualised for H1 2021 by multiplying the 
profit for the period for the six months ended 30 June 2021 by 2) by the average of Shareholders' Equity of two years. 
7 
This is computed by Total Capital Base/Risk Assets of SIB as reported per UAE Central Bank guidelines. 
8 
Includes Cash and Balances with Banks and Financial Institutions and International Murabaha and Wakalah with Financial Institutions. 
9 
Financings/Total Deposits is determined by dividing Investments in Islamic financing by Customers' Deposit and Due to Banks. 
10 Total Deposits include Customers' Deposit and Due to Banks. 
11 Computed by investments in Islamic financing classified as non-performing (Stage 3 Exposure) divided by investments in Islamic Financing. 
12 Cost to income ratio has been calculated dividing general and administrative expenses by the sum of i) income from investments in Islamic 
financing and sukuk and ii) investment, fees, commission and other income.

--- Page 122 ---
108

--- Page 123 ---
109 
 
MANAGEMENT OF SHARJAH ISLAMIC BANK PJSC 
SIB's management structure is summarised in the organisation chart set out below: 
 
 
Board of Directors 
SIB operates under the direction of a board of directors (the Board of Directors), which is comprised of seven 
members vested with the power to manage SIB and conduct its business in accordance with its objects and with 
applicable law, SIB's Articles of Association and resolutions of the shareholders. The Board of Directors is elected as 
a body by the shareholders for a term of three years. The Board of Directors is fully responsible for SIB's performance 
and for reporting to the shareholders. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Board of Directors is comprised of the seven directors listed below: 
Name 
Position 
H.E. Abdul Rahman Mohammed Nassir Al Owais ..........  
Chairman 
Mr. Othman Mohammed Sharif Abdalla Zaman ..............  
Vice Chairman 
Mr. Salah Butti Obaid Bin Butti AlMheiri .......................  
Board Member 
Mr. Ali Salim Al Mazrou ..................................................  
Board Member 
Mr. Jasim Mohamed Al Khayyal ......................................  
Board Member 
Mr. Mohammad N A Al Fouzan .......................................  
Board Member 
Mr. Abdullah S A E AlHaddad .........................................  
Board Member 
 
H.E. Abdul Rahman Mohammed Nassir Al Owais is the Chairman of SIB's board, having been so 
appointed in March 2013. He has been a Board Member of SIB since 1995 and served as Vice Chairman of the Board 
prior to his appointment as Chairman. He is the Minister of Health & Prevention of the UAE and also a board member 
of Sharjah Insurance Company. 
Mr. Othman Mohammed Sharif Abdalla Zaman has been a Board Member of SIB since 1995. He is also Vice 
Chairman of Sharjah Cement and Industrial Development Company. He was appointed Vice Chairman of the Board 
in March 2021.

--- Page 124 ---
110 
 
Mr. Salah Butti Obaid Bin Butti AlMheiri was elected to the Board of SIB in February 2019. He is the Chairman of 
Directorate of Planning and Survey – Government of Sharjah, member of Sharjah Executive Council, and board 
member of Sharjah Electricity and Water Authority, Directorate of Islamic Affairs, Sharjah Holding Company and 
American University of Sharjah Enterprises.  
Mr. Ali Salim Al Mazrou has been a Board Member of SIB since 1995. He is the Chairman of Emirates Stones, and 
also a board member of Lamtalco. 
Mr. Jasim Mohamed Al Khayyal  joined SIB's Board of Directors in 2021. He graduated with a degree in Political 
Science from the UAE University and is currently a board member of Sharjah Cement and Industrial Development 
Company and Sharjah Charity House. 
Mr. Mohammad NA Al Fouzan has been a Board Member of SIB since 2008. He is also Vice Chairman of KFH 
Bahrain and a board member of KFH Malaysia. 
Mr. Abdullah S A E AlHaddad was elected to the Board of SIB in February 2019. He currently holds the position of 
Chief Investment Banking Officer with KFH Capital.  
Business Address and Interests 
The business address of SIB's Board of Directors is P.O. Box 4, Sharjah, United Arab Emirates. 
No member of the Board of Directors has any actual or potential conflict of interest between his duties to SIB and his 
private interests or other duties. 
Senior Management 
The day-to-day management of SIB is conducted by the senior management (the Senior Management). The Senior 
Management meets regularly to discuss the business strategy, business plans and performance, strategy and operation 
of SIB and submits its recommendation to the Board of Directors. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Senior Management is comprised of the following managers: 
Name 
Position 
Mohamed A Abdalla ................................................................................  
Chief Executive Officer 
Ahmed Saad Ibrahim ................................................................................  
Deputy Chief Executive Officer 
Mohammed Rizwan .................................................................................  
Chief Risk Officer 
Ravi Khanna .............................................................................................  
Chief Operating Officer 
Saeed M Al Amiri .....................................................................................  
Head of Investment Group 
Rahma Mohd. Al Shamsi..........................................................................  
Head of Corporate Banking Group 
Eman Jassim .............................................................................................  
Head of Human Resource Group 
Nabil Abou Alwan ....................................................................................  
Head of Retail Banking Group 
Mohamed El-Bahi ....................................................................................  
Financial Controller 
Khalaf Abdullah .......................................................................................  
Chief of Internal Audit Division 
Anver Jalaldeen ........................................................................................  
Head of Investment Banking 
Ibraheem Al Awartni ................................................................................  
Head of Credit Division 
Mammad Kuniyil .....................................................................................  
Head of Risk Management 
Bobby Shankeshwar .................................................................................  
Head of Treasury

--- Page 125 ---
111 
 
Ali Wahab.................................................................................................  
Head of Debt Capital Markets 
 
Mohamed A Abdalla, Chief Executive Officer 
Mr Abdalla has served as Chief Executive Officer of SIB since 2006 having joined SIB in 1984. He has over 37 years' 
diversified experience in the banking industry. He continues to contribute towards the overall growth of SIB and its 
subsidiaries, ASAS and SNHC, as Deputy Chairman, ensuring the overall growth by implementing the board strategy 
and adding value to the organisation. He currently also holds key positions in various Government of Sharjah entities 
such as: Member of the Board of Trustees and Chairman of the Finance Committee - University of Sharjah; Vice 
Chairman of Pioneering Project - RUWAD Establishment which is a foundation to support entrepreneurs and their 
projects; and Member of the Board of the Sharjah Equestrian Club. 
Ahmed Saad Ibrahim, Deputy Chief Executive Officer 
Mr Ibrahim has served as Deputy Chief Executive Officer since early 2011 having been at SIB since 1998. He holds 
a Bachelors degree in commerce from Cairo University. He is also a Certified Public Accountant, Delaware, USA. 
Prior to joining SIB, he has worked with Qatar National Bank and Commercial International Bank, Egypt (formerly 
Chase National Bank). He has over 37 years' experience in the banking industry. He also serves as a Board of 
Directors member of SIB's subsidiaries, ASAS and SHNC, representing SIB. 
Mohammed Rizwan, Chief Risk Officer 
Mr Rizwan joined SIB in 1999 and presently serves as Chief Risk Officer and Head of Enterprise Risk Management. 
He holds a Masters of Arts degree from India. Prior to joining SIB, he worked with ABN Amro and The Hong Kong 
Metropolitan Bank. He has over 39 years of experience in the banking industry. 
Ravi Khanna, Chief Operating Officer 
Mr Khanna has more than 32 years of experience in information technology in banks and has worked with banks in 
Oman and India for more than 21 years. He took over the role of Chief Operating Officer of SIB in March 2017 after 
successfully completing a core bank transformation program for SIB. Previously, Mr Khanna worked at Bank Dhofar 
in Oman as Assistant General Manager and Head of Information Technology for 16 years, during which he led its 
Business and Technology teams and oversaw its core banking transformation. Mr Khanna holds a Bachelor's degree 
in electrical engineering from Regional Engineering College, India. Mr Khanna is responsible for all aspects of 
Banking Operations, Information Technology & Process excellence and Service Quality across SIB and its subsidiaries' 
businesses. 
Saeed M Al Amiri, Head of Investment Group 
Mr Amiri joined SIB in 2002 and has served as the Head of Investment Group since 2007. He holds a Masters of 
business administration degree from the University of Sharjah and a Bachelors degree from the University of Miami. 
Prior to joining SIB, he worked with Sharjah Department of Economic Development. He has 19 years' of experience 
in the banking industry. 
Rahma Mohd. Al Shamsi, Head of Corporate Banking Group 
Mr Shamsi has served as Head of Corporate Banking Group of SIB since 2010 having been with SIB since 2004. He 
holds a graduate degree, majoring in finance, from University of Colorado, Denver. Prior to joining SIB, he has worked 
with KPMG and Abu Dhabi National Oil Company. 
Eman Jassim, Head of Human Resource Group 
Ms Jassim has served as Head of Human Resource Group of SIB since 2007. She holds a Masters in business 
administration degree from the American University of Hawaii. She has over 22 years' experience in managing human 
resources at SIB.

--- Page 126 ---
112 
 
Nabil Abou Alwan, Head of Retail Banking Group 
Mr Alwan joined Sharjah Islamic Bank in 2015. He has over 29 years of marketing experience in the banking, financial 
institutions, and telecommunications industries marketing activities in the UAE and Saudi Arabia. He holds a 
Bachelors Degree in Business Administration from the American University in Beirut, Lebanon. 
Mohamed El-Bahi, Financial Controller 
Mr El-Bahi has served as Financial Controller of SIB since 2005. He holds a Bachelors degree in commerce and 
business administration from Cairo University. Prior to joining SIB, he worked with Qatar National Bank. He has over 
27 years of experience in the banking industry. 
Khalaf Abdullah, Chief of Internal Audit Division 
Mr Abdullah joined SIB in 2001 and has 12 years of audit experience in SIB. He graduated from Al Ain University, 
majoring in accountancy. During his career, Mr Abdullah has been invited to lecture on audit related subjects at various 
universities, governmental institutions and conferences. 
Anver Jalaldeen, Head of Investment Banking 
Mr Jalaldeen has served as Head of Investment Banking at SIB since 2008. He holds a graduate degree from Oklahoma 
State University, USA. Prior to joining SIB in 2003, he worked with Wyndham Corporation, Fidelity Investments and 
Abu Dhabi Islamic Bank. He has over 24 years of experience in financial and investment management. 
Ibraheem Al Awartni, Head of Credit Division 
Mr Awartni joined SIB in 2017 and presently serves as Head of Credit. He holds a Bachelors degree in Economics 
from Yarmouk University, Jordan, and has over 31 years banking experience. Prior to joining SIB, he has worked with 
Masraf Alrayan, CBI and Jordan Ahli Bank. 
Mammad Kuniyil, Head of Risk Management 
Mr Kuniyil joined SIB in 2006 and presently serves as the Head of Risk Management. He is a Certified Chartered 
Accountant from the Institute of Chartered Accountants, India. He has over 18 years of banking experience 
accompanied by 9 years of Audit Experience in the areas of Statutory Audit, Internal Audits and Certification matters. 
Prior to joining SIB, he worked with the Saudi British Bank (HSBC affiliate), and Ernst and Young. 
Bobby Shankeshwar, Head of Treasury 
Mr Shankeshwar is a seasoned professional with experience spanning over a period of 24 years in the areas of Finance 
and Treasury across corporate and bank Treasuries. He joined SIB in 2008 and has been managing the Islamic Treasury 
Division. His work expertise lies in forex, fixed income and derivatives markets having worked in various organisations 
in different geographical locations handling Investments and Treasury products, and also managing the market risk 
through available hedging tools and products. He holds a Bachelor's degree in Engineering (BE) and a Master's degree 
in Business Administration (Finance) from Department of Management studies (DOMS), University of Madras, India. 
Ali Wahab, Head of Debt Capital Markets 
Mr Wahab has more than 18 years of capital markets experience in the UAE and Pakistan and is responsible for the 
Debt Capital Markets function at SIB's Investment Banking Division. He joined SIB in 2008 and focused on the 
investment portfolio. Over the course of his time at SIB, he has been involved in various issuances of sukuk by SIB 
and other transactions where SIB acts as a joint lead manager. Prior to joining SIB, Mr. Wahab worked at Tabarak 
Partners and before that at Pakistan Kuwait Investment Company. He holds a Master's in Business Administration 
from the Institute of Business Administration, Karachi, Pakistan. 
Business Address and Interests 
The business address for each member of the Senior Management is P.O. Box 4, Sharjah, United Arab Emirates. 
No member of the Senior Management has any actual or potential conflict of interest between his duties to SIB and 
his private interests or other duties.

--- Page 127 ---
113 
 
Board Remuneration 
The members of the Board of Directors of SIB received AED 5.4 million in aggregate by way of board remuneration 
during the year ended 31 December 2020. 
Committees of the Board 
Executive Committee 
The Executive Committee consists of four members and is headed by the Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors. 
The Executive Committee acts as the Board of Directors' senior executive management ensuring that the Board of 
Directors meets its strategic and operational objectives. The Executive Committee collectively monitors the 
performance of SIB and makes decisions within the authority limits delegated to it by the Board of Directors. 
The Executive Committee meets at least once a quarter. 
Audit Committee 
The Audit Committee consists of three members and is headed by a director of SIB, with the Head of the Internal Audit 
Division acting as the secretary to the committee. The main purpose of the Audit Committee is to assist the Board in 
fulfilling its oversight responsibility by overseeing SIB's financial reporting processes, maintaining accounting policies 
and reviewing and approving financial information. The Audit Committee is also responsible for reviewing reports on 
SIB's internal controls, managing the relationship with SIB's external auditors and monitoring control issues which are 
of a major significance to SIB. 
The Audit Committee meets once a quarter. 
Risk Management Committee 
The RMC consists of three members and is headed by a director of SIB. The committee has the CEO as a permanent 
invitee and the CRO as secretary. The main purpose of the RMC is to assist the Board in fulfilling its oversight 
responsibility by overseeing the risks inherent in the businesses of SIB and the control processes with respect to such 
risks, reviewing the risk profile of SIB and managing the risk management compliance and control activities of SIB. 
In addition, the RMC provides a critical assessment of SIB's business strategies and plans from an enterprise risk 
perspective. The RMC is also responsible for ensuring that appropriate policies and procedures are in place for 
managing risks to which SIB is exposed. 
The RMC meets once every quarter. 
Management Committees 
Management Committee 
The Management Committee (MC) consists of thirteen members and is headed by the CEO. The scope of the MC 
includes all cross functional issues that are not covered in the scope of other committees. Typically, the MC covers 
areas including strategy, policies, human resources, marketing and administrative processes. In addition, the MC is 
responsible for liaising with each of the other divisions in SIB. 
The members of the MC comprise the heads of SIB's functional divisions, together with representatives of its three 
subsidiaries. The MC meets once a month. 
Investment Committee 
The Investment Committee (IC) consists of four members and is headed by the CEO. The IC is responsible for 
reviewing SIB's investment portfolio and transactions emanating from the investment division on behalf of the Board 
of Directors. 
The members of the IC comprise the CEO, the Deputy CEO, the CRO and the Head of the Investment Group. The IC 
meets at least once a month.

--- Page 128 ---
114 
 
IT Steering Committee 
The IT Steering Committee (ITSC) consists of four members and is headed by the CEO. The ITSC provides strategic 
and tactical guidance for managing SIB's overall technology systems over the long and short term to ensure that IT 
initiatives are consistent with the strategic business goals of SIB. The ITSC is responsible for providing guidance for 
the prioritisation and implementation of technology initiatives, reviewing IT operations, security plans and policies 
and reviewing SIB's overall IT development, strategic opportunities and plans. 
Asset and Liability Committee 
The ALCO consists of ten members and is headed by the CEO. The objective of ALCO is to derive the most appropriate 
strategy for SIB in terms of the balance of assets and liabilities given its expectations of the future and the potential 
consequences of profit rate movements, liquidity constraints, foreign exchange exposure and capital adequacy. ALCO 
is responsible for ensuring that all strategies conform to the appropriate risk level and exposure, as determined by the 
Board of Directors. 
The members of the ALCO comprise: 
 
Chief Executive Officer; 
 
Deputy Chief Executive Officer; 
 
Credit Risk Officer; 
 
Head of Investment Group; 
 
Head of Retail Banking Group; 
 
Head of Corporate Banking Group; 
 
Head of Credit Division; 
 
Head of Strategic Development; 
 
Head of Treasury Division; and 
 
Chief Operating Officer. 
The ALCO meets frequently to discuss and develop policy matters. 
Information Security Working Group Committee (ISWGC) 
The Information Security Working Group Committee (ISWGC) consists of 15 members and is headed by the CRO. 
The purpose of the ISWGC is to ensure that there is clear direction and visible management support for information 
security initiatives. The committee is responsible for the following: 
 
To provide oversight of information security policies, procedures, plans, and execution intended to provide 
confidentiality, availability, and integrity of the information; 
 
To formulate the tasks related to Information Security Management System (ISMS) rollout like Risk 
Management, Policy and Procedure Deployment, Information Security Awareness, Information Security 
Incident Monitoring, Measurement of control effectiveness, etc; 
 
To oversee the effectiveness of the information security controls with respect to the information systems, 
including network security and data security; 
 
To monitor the significant development in information security related projects, incidents handling and risk 
mitigation; and 
 
To review the changes to significant threats and exposures of information assets against cyberattacks, insider 
activity, error or control failure.

--- Page 129 ---
115 
 
Credit Committee 
The Credit Committee (CC) consists of six members and is headed by the CEO. The CC is responsible for managing 
the credit risk of SIB by reviewing credit limits, policies and procedures. The CC also approves certain positions of 
SIB and evaluates work out situations, as well as monitoring SIB's financing portfolio and the sufficiency of provisions. 
The members of the CC comprise: 
 
Chief Executive Officer; 
 
Deputy Chief Executive Officer; 
 
Head of Corporate Banking Group. 
 
Head of Investments Group;  
 
Head of Liabilities Banking Group; and 
 
Chief Risk Officer (observer). 
The CC meets twice every week. 
Human Resource Committee 
The Human Resource Committee (HRC) is responsible for making and overseeing decisions relating to employee 
compensation and benefits, workforce planning performance management and Emiratisation strategies, including 
ensuring the retention of UAE nationals while maintaining overall quality of human capital employed at SIB. 
The members of the HRC comprise the CEO, Deputy CEO, the Head of the Investment Group and Head of the Human 
Resources Group. The HRC members meets once a month to design, implement and review human resources strategies 
to be applied at SIB. 
Human Resources 
The Human Resource function of SIB is a key strategic partner of the Management Committee as it facilitates the 
achievement of SIB's "Vision, Mission and Values", by ensuring that SIB attracts, develops, engages and retains 
employees who meet and surpass expectations and are assets to SIB's business. To achieve this mission, SIB regularly 
benchmarks its human resources practises with its peers to gain the best practices for its employees and seeks continuous 
improvement (for example, using technology and automating its processes where appropriate, in order to improve 
operational efficiency and effectiveness). 
Employees 
As of 30 June 2021, SIB employed 1,167 full time employees. Correspondingly, the employee turnover registered a 
notable decrease from 8.75 per cent. in 2019 to 5.30 per cent. in 2020. 
Due to the COVID-19 pandemic and the related limitations that have been imposed, there has been an adverse impact 
on some of SIB's human resource strategic objectives for 2021, such as the implementation of the Employee 
Satisfaction Survey and the application of value recognition awards. SIB has focused its efforts on managing the 
implications of COVID-19 and the welfare of its employees. SIB implemented strict protocols in line with national 
standards to safeguard the organisation and its employees. These included: introducing, complying and monitoring the 
social distancing guidelines, providing personnel protective equipment where required, the formation of a dedicated 
Emergency Control Committee, promoting employee alerts and awareness, PCR test regulations, vaccination 
information and health centers, and regular sanitisation of the work environment.  
SIB also ensured that its strategic deliverables and employee objectives in relation to its Information Technology 
Division were not compromised and the Division was provided with the necessary tools to facilitate work-from-home 
capability with the required levels of access and system support.

--- Page 130 ---
116 
 
Emiratisation 
SIB is committed to the development of UAE nationals. As a part of its "Emiratisation" strategy, SIB has undertaken 
several innovative initiatives aimed at attracting UAE nationals in Islamic banking. SIB's in-house development 
programmes are specially designed to develop and accelerate the career growth of UAE nationals, through mentoring 
and on-the-job opportunities, thereby creating a culture of progressive growth.  
 
In line with the UAE Central Bank strategy for nationalisation, SIB has invested in efforts aimed at attracting and 
recruiting  UAE graduates for critical and managerial roles within its organisation. SIB plans to continue to recruit, 
train and support UAE nationals in line with its "Emiratisation" policy in order to achieve and exceed the UAE Central 
Bank nationalisation targets.  
 
Transactions with related parties 
SIB enters into transactions with its major shareholders, directors, senior officers and their related concerns in the 
ordinary course of business on a commercial arm's length basis. All such dealings with related parties are performing 
financings and are free of any provision for possible losses. Related party transactions with the Government are 
specifically included in the related party disclosures in accordance with IFRS. The significant balances outstanding as 
at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019 in respect of related parties are set out in the table below. 
Statement of Financial Position 
 
2020 
 
Key 
management 
personnel 
Major 
shareholders 
Other related 
parties 
Total 
 
(AED thousands) 
Investment in Islamic financing .............................................................  
       679,870  
2,243,450 
6,001,766  
8,925,086 
Customers deposits ................................................................................  
(152,012)  
(662,205) 
(5,018,937)  
 (5,833,154) 
Contingent liabilities – off balance sheet ...............................................  
58,489  
6,825 
20,945  
86,259 
Statement of profit or loss
 
 
 
 
For the year ended 31 December 2020 
 
 
 
 
Income from Islamic financing ..............................................................  
27,236  
87,521 
175,498  
290,255 
Depositors' share of profit .....................................................................  
 (959) 
 (5,696) 
 (98,525) 
 (105,180) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2019 
 
Key 
management 
personnel 
Major 
shareholders 
Other related 
parties 
Total 
 
(AED thousands) 
Investment in Islamic financing .............................................................  
 593,638  
 2,832,627 
 1,773,867  
 5,200,132 
Customers deposits ................................................................................  
 (118,518) 
 (480,881) 
 (3,112,358) 
 (3,711,757) 
Contingent liabilities – off balance sheet ...............................................  
 102,957  
 13,463 
 8,798  
 125,218 
Statement of profit or loss
 
 
 
 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
 
 
 
Income from Islamic financing .............................................................. 
20,926 
132,558 
134,106 
287,590 
Depositors' share of profit .....................................................................  
 (732) 
 (4,255) 
 (58,118) 
 (63,105)

--- Page 131 ---
117 
 
THE UNITED ARAB EMIRATES BANKING SECTOR AND PRUDENTIAL REGULATIONS 
Summary 
The UAE could be viewed as an over-banked market, see further " – Characteristics of the Banking System – Lack of 
Consolidation" and "Risk Factors – Risk Factors relating to SIB and its Business – Competition". 
As a banking regulator, the UAE Central Bank, established in 1980, has grown in stature over the years and is the 
governing body that regulates and supervises all banks operating in the UAE. The UAE Central Bank monitors banks 
through its Banking Supervision and Examination Department. It conducts reviews of banks periodically based on the 
risk profile of each bank. It also reviews all of the returns submitted by the banks to the UAE Central Bank. 
Historically, the UAE Central Bank does not act as a "lender of last resort", instead this role tends to fall on the 
individual Emirs of each emirate. However, the introduction by the UAE Central Bank in 2014 of the Interim Marginal 
Lending Facility (IMLF) enabled non-Islamic UAE banks to use certain rated or UAE federal government entity issued 
assets as collateral to access UAE Central Bank liquidity overnight in order to help their liquidity management. 
Additionally, the UAE Central Bank's extension of the spectrum of "Eligible Collateral" under the Collateralised 
Murabaha Facility in March 2015 enabled Islamic banks to access central bank liquidity against collateral as is the 
case for conventional banks under the IMLF.  
Characteristics of the Banking System 
Lack of Consolidation 
The UAE could be viewed as an over-banked market, even by regional standards, with 58 commercial banks licensed 
to operate inside the UAE as at 30 June 2021 (source: Central Bank), serving a population estimated to be in the region 
of 9.9 million people at the end of 2020 (source: Statistical Yearbook 2020 edition, United Nations Department of 
Economic and Social Affairs, Statistics Division). There has traditionally been little impetus for consolidation. 
However, the merger between National Bank of Abu Dhabi and First Gulf Bank which was consummated on 30 March 
2017, the merger between Abu Dhabi Commercial Bank, Union National Bank and Al Hilal Bank which was 
consummated on 1 May 2019, and the acquisition of Noor Bank by Dubai Islamic Bank which was consummated in 
January 2020, are anticipated to stimulate further moves towards greater consolidation amongst UAE banks. 
 
While such continued consolidation would reduce the level of concentration in the domestic banking sector, it would 
also likely lead to a significant alteration of the competitive environment with fewer, larger locally incorporated banks 
competing for the larger financing transactions in the region with the foreign banks, which have tended to have 
comparatively larger franchises, with greater infrastructure and resources. 
Domestic Focus 
The UAE incorporated banks are predominantly focused on the domestic market but a number have small operations 
overseas and are showing growing interest in cross-border business. 
With a large number of banks, competing for a limited number of wholesale lending opportunities, most banks have 
turned to retail banking, a previously untapped market. However, increasing competition in this area is gradually 
eroding margins and encouraging a relaxation of lending criteria. As the market has been tested only to a limited extent 
under adverse conditions, it is difficult to predict the future likelihood of asset quality problems. 
Expansion of retail operations has required heavy investment in distribution channels, particularly ATM networks, 
kiosks and telephone and internet banking services. As a consequence, information technology costs have been a 
prominent feature of many UAE banks' expenses in addition to employee costs.

--- Page 132 ---
118 
 
Limited Foreign Ownership 
In 1987, the UAE federal government placed a freeze on new foreign banks opening operations in the UAE. At the 
same time, existing foreign banks were limited to a maximum of eight branches, which restricted their ability to develop 
any retail potential. However, three banks of GCC state origin, the National Bank of Kuwait, SAMBA and Doha Bank, 
were awarded licences by the UAE Central Bank following an agreement to permit market access to banks of GCC 
state origin in line with continuing efforts in regional integration. 
During 2002, the Government of Dubai issued a decree establishing the Dubai International Financial Centre (DIFC). 
The DIFC, located in the Emirate of Dubai, is a free trade zone and financial services centre focusing on private 
banking, asset management, investment banking, re-insurance activities, Islamic finance, securities trading and back 
office operations. The DIFC has its own civil and commercial laws and has been granted authority to self-legislate in 
civil and commercial cases. The opening of the DIFC has enabled international banks to establish a presence and 
compete in the wholesale banking market and this has seen new entities entering the market place. 
In 2013, the Government sought to replicate the success of the DIFC by announcing its intention to establish the Abu 
Dhabi Global Market (ADGM) in Abu Dhabi, as an international financial free zone with its own legal framework 
(closely based on English common law). The ADGM became operational in mid-2015 and, as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, it remains unclear to what extent this will impact the competitive and regulatory landscape in the domestic 
banking sector. 
Federal Law No. 14 of 2018 (which entered into force with effect from 23 September 2018) (2018 Federal Law) 
amended the minimum permissible shareholding by UAE nationals in UAE banks to 60 per cent. 
Exposure to the Oil Sector 
With much of the economy directly or indirectly dependent on the oil sector, UAE banks are potentially vulnerable to 
business erosion during long periods of low oil prices (see "Risk Factors – Risk Factors relating to SIB and its Business 
- The UAE's economy is highly dependent upon its oil revenues"). In particular, oil revenues tend to drive levels of 
liquidity and government infrastructure investment. Gradually, however, private non-oil sectors are gaining ground 
and the UAE economy is becoming less susceptible to oil price movements. In particular, Sharjah is not a large oil 
producer, being a net consumer of oil products (with the mining and quarrying sector accounting for 3.3 per cent. of 
Sharjah's GDP in 2020, according to the UAE Federal Competitiveness and Statistics Authority (formerly the National 
Bureau of Statistics)) and it enjoys a relatively diverse economy. 
Islamic Banking 
Shari'a (Islamic) law forbids the charging of interest on any financial transaction. A number of banks have developed 
in the Islamic world to serve customers who wish to observe this principle. These institutions offer a range of products 
which, whilst broadly corresponding with conventional banking transactions, are structured in a way which avoids the 
application of interest. The UAE is home to numerous institutions offering Islamic banking and financial products. 
Such institutions include: Dubai Islamic Bank P.J.S.C., Abu Dhabi Islamic Bank P.J.S.C., Emirates Islamic Bank 
P.J.S.C., Al Hilal Bank P.J.S.C., Ajman Bank, SIB and Amlak Finance. In addition, conventional financial institutions 
often offer Shari'a compliant products and the majority of local and international conventional financial institutions 
that operate in the UAE also offer Shari'a compliant products through their Islamic windows. The number of Islamic 
banks continues to increase, with both new entrants to the market and existing conventional banks recasting themselves 
as Islamic banks. 
Legal Environment 
There are three primary sources of law in the UAE: federal laws and decrees; local laws; and Shari'a (Islamic) law. In 
addition, Emiri decrees can be issued by the rulers of each of the emirates which, when issued, have full legal effect 
and operation in such emirate. The secondary form of law is trade custom or practice. In the absence of federal

--- Page 133 ---
119 
 
legislation on areas specifically reserved to federal authority, the Ruler of a given Emirate or local government will 
apply his or its own rules, regulations and practices. 
Supervision of Banks 
The main legislation applicable to the banking system is the 2018 Federal Law which repeals Federal Law No. 10 of 
1980 concerning the status of the UAE Central Bank. The UAE Central Bank's primary roles are to formulate and 
implement banking, credit, monetary and fiscal policy and to be responsible for ensuring price and currency stability 
with free convertibility to foreign currencies. It is also the "bank for banks" within the UAE, although it is not the 
"lender of last resort". In the event of a bank experiencing financial difficulties or a solvency crisis, rescue funds – 
such as long-term liquidity or equity support – have historically come from the Emirate in which the institution is 
based. However, in the event of a run on the currency or a major banking crisis, it is likely that the Government would 
ultimately stand as de facto defender of the currency and the "lender of last resort". 
The 2018 Federal Law grants the UAE Central Bank powers to: 
 
draw up and implement monetary policy; 
 
exercise currency issuance; 
 
organise licensed financial activities, establish the foundations for carrying them on, and determine the 
standards required for developing and promoting prudential practices in accordance with the provisions of the 
2018 Federal Law and international standards; 
 
set up appropriate regulations and standards for protection of customers of licensed financial institutions; 
 
monitor the credit condition in the UAE, in order to contribute to the achievement of balanced growth in the 
national economy; 
 
manage foreign reserves to maintain, at all times, sufficient foreign currency assets to cover the monetary 
base as per the provisions of the 2018 Federal Law; and 
 
regulate, develop, oversee and maintain soundness of the financial infrastructure systems in the UAE. 
Historically, income from overseas investments has been used to fund fiscal deficits, obviating the need for the UAE 
Central Bank to issue government debt. However, the UAE Central Bank does issue certificates of deposit (CDs) to 
UAE banks, denominated in both U.S. dollars and UAE dirhams, in order to absorb excess liquidity rather than to meet 
a specific funding need. There is presently no active secondary market in these securities, but they can be redeemed at 
face value at the UAE Central Bank at any time. In 2007, the UAE Central Bank introduced an auction system which 
allows U.S. dollar drawings against UAE dirham CD holdings. 
The UAE dirham is linked to the IMF's Special Drawing Right. However, the U.S. dollar is the intervention currency 
and, in practice, the UAE dirham is pegged to the U.S. dollar. This pegged exchange rate has been in place since the 
1980s and has proved to be resilient both to political tensions in the region and to fluctuations in oil prices. 
 
The UAE Central Bank is also responsible for regulating financial institutions in relation to money laundering controls 
and enforcing Federal Law No. 20 of 2018 regarding the procedures for Anti-Money Laundering and Combating the 
Financing of Terrorism and Illicit Organisations. Pursuant to this, the UAE has established the National Committee 
for Combating Money Laundering and the Financing of Terrorism and Illegal Organisations which is responsible for 
co-ordinating policies and systems on anti-money laundering and the combating of terrorism financing and assessing 
the effectiveness of such policies and systems and the representation of the UAE in international forums on these 
matters. Federal Law No. 20 of 2018 also recommends the establishment of an independent "Financial Information 
Unit" within the UAE Central Bank to receive and investigate reports submitted by financial institutions and corporate 
entities regarding suspected illicit financial activity.

--- Page 134 ---
120 
 
Although the UAE Central Bank is responsible for regulating all banks, exchange houses, investment companies and 
other financial institutions in the UAE, the Dubai Financial Services Authority regulates all banking and financial 
services activities in the DIFC. The UAE Central Bank has also been growing in stature as a banking supervisor. 
However, it is hampered in its role by the level of legal autonomy afforded to the individual Emirates, which at times 
makes it difficult to enforce directives uniformly across the banking sector. 
Lack of Developed Capital Markets 
The absence of mature bond or equity markets in the UAE means that banks have often shouldered the burden of long-
term financing. This has tended to create a maturity mismatch in their balance sheets, as most of their liabilities are 
short-term customer deposits. Although the two stock markets, the DFM and the ADX (both of which were established 
in 2000), have grown over recent years and have benefitted from the inclusion of the UAE in the MSCI Emerging 
Markets Index in 2014, they continue to experience bouts of volatility. 
The Nasdaq Dubai (formerly known as the Dubai International Financial Exchange) is a securities exchange located 
in the DIFC which commenced operations on 26 September 2005. In December 2009 the DFM announced its intention 
to acquire the Nasdaq Dubai, with completion of the acquisition having occurred in July 2010. The DFM and the ADX 
were upgraded to the MSCI Emerging Markets Index with effect from 1 June 2014, which presents an opportunity for 
an increase in interest and investment from international institutional investors in the UAE.  
Government Involvement 
Most of the larger banks in the UAE have some degree of government ownership. Privatisation, though advocated in 
principle, has been slow to manifest in practice. The state and its related entities are together the banking sector's largest 
customers, in terms of both deposits and project financing. 
Expatriate Workforce 
An unusual feature of the UAE economy is its reliance on overseas labour, with expatriates making up approximately 
83.3 per cent. of the workforce (source: FCSA Labour Force Survey 2019). The banking sector is no exception to this 
and expatriates are employed in the senior management of most of the major banks. This has brought expertise from 
more developed markets to the sector. However, the high level of expatriates in the UAE has been an increasing 
concern for the UAE federal government and as part of a policy of "Emiratisation", banks were instructed, in 1999, to 
increase the percentage of UAE nationals on their payroll by at least 4 per cent. per annum. This policy has now been 
replaced by the Emiratisation Circular, which has introduced a scoring system which takes into account the 
employment and progression of Emirati employees in the organisation. The minimum threshold for Emirati employees 
for each institution is dependent on a number of factors. The Emiratisation Circular does not set any upper limit at 
which the policy would no longer be applicable. If UAE banks are not able to achieve their targets for recruiting and 
progressing UAE nationals through their organisation, they will be subject to penalties to be computed in accordance 
with a specific formula set out in the Emiratisation Circular. 
Accounting Standards 
Since 1 January 1999, all UAE banks have been required to prepare their financial statements in accordance with IFRS 
(formerly International Accounting Standards, which has led to a substantial improvement in disclosure standards. 
Recent Trends in Banking 
Profitability 
 
The performance of the UAE economy is influenced by oil prices, which directly affect fiscal revenues and hence 
determine the level of investment in government projects in the country. The high oil prices and strong economic 
conditions experienced in the UAE between 2004 and 2008 allowed UAE banks to expand significantly.

--- Page 135 ---
121 
 
However, much of this growth focused on the real estate sector and equity financing which, in the context of the 2008 
global financial crisis, represented a significant risk to the UAE banking system. Equity prices declined generally in 
the UAE from 2008 to 2011 in response to the global 2008 financial crisis but rebounded between 2012 and 2019, with 
the ADX's General Index increasing from 2,630.9 at 31 December 2012 to 5,045.32 at 31 December 2020, and the 
Dubai Financial Market index increasing from 1,662.5 at 31 December 2012 to 2,491.97 at 31 December 2020 (source: 
Bloomberg). 
During 2008 to 2010, a number of banks were also affected by the impact of mark to market accounting rules on their 
international investment portfolios. Additionally, during the same period, the UAE economy was negatively impacted 
by the global economic downturn and, in particular, by the sharp correction in the price of oil, which affected a number 
of key economic sectors including trade, tourism, real estate and commerce. This economic slowdown, along with 
reduced levels of liquidity in the market, constrained lending and resulted in the majority of UAE banks being less 
profitable in this period than in previous years. 
Liquidity 
The UAE Central Bank closely monitors the level of liquidity in the banking system. It also requires that banks have 
in place adequate systems and controls to manage their liquidity positions, as well as contingency funding plans to 
cope with periods of liquidity stress. 
Banks must also adhere to a maximum loan / financing to deposit ratio of 100 per cent. set by the UAE Central Bank. 
In this context, financing comprises financing and advances to customers and interbank assets maturing after three 
months. 
UAE banks are mostly funded through on demand or time-based customer deposits made by private individuals or 
private sector companies. According to data made available by the UAE Central Bank, together, these deposits 
constituted approximately 61.1 per cent. of total deposits of the UAE banking sector as at 30 June 2021, whereas the 
UAE federal government and the public sector constituted approximately 26.9 per cent. of total deposits within the 
UAE banking sector as at 30 June 2021. Non-resident and other sources contributed approximately 12.1 per cent. as at 
the same date (source: UAE Banking Indicators (July 2021), UAE Central Bank). 
The UAE Central Bank has tightened regulations on how banks in the UAE manage liquidity through the introduction 
of new qualitative, quantitative and reporting requirements on liquidity risk management. In line with Basel III 
requirements, the UAE Central Bank has issued UAE Central Bank Notice No. 33/2015 on liquidity requirements 
(which was issued by the UAE Central Bank on 27 May 2015 and which entered into force with effect from 1 July 
2015, replacing Central Bank Notice No. 30/2012) (the Liquidity Notice) and which includes a set of qualitative and 
quantitative liquidity requirements for UAE banks. The qualitative requirements set out in the Liquidity Notice 
elaborate on the responsibilities of a UAE bank's board of directors and senior management as well as the overall 
liquidity risk framework. The new regulations are intended to ensure that liquidity risks are well managed at banks 
operating in the UAE and are in line with the Basel Committee's recommendations and international best practices. 
These requirements include the following: 
Responsibilities of the board of directors: 
 
to bear ultimate responsibility for liquidity risk management within the relevant UAE bank; 
 
to be familiar with liquidity risk management with at least one board member having detailed understanding 
of liquidity risk management; and 
 
to ensure the clear articulation of liquidity risk tolerance in line with the relevant UAE bank's objectives, 
strategy and risk appetite. 
Responsibilities of senior management: 
 
to develop strategies, policies and practices to manage liquidity risk in accordance with the liquidity risk 
tolerance set by the board of directors;

--- Page 136 ---
122 
 
 
to review the UAE bank's strategy and to report to the board of directors on regulatory compliance on a regular 
basis; and 
 
to manage liquidity risk in a prudent manner using all available liquidity risk management tools. 
Liquidity risk framework: 
The Liquidity Notice requires each UAE bank to have a robust liquidity risk framework which comprises the following 
elements: 
 
sound processes and systems to identify, measure, monitor and control liquidity risk in a timely and accurate 
manner; 
 
a robust liquidity risk management framework (which must be shared with the UAE Central Bank upon 
request) with limits, warning indicators, communication and escalation procedures; 
 
regular internal stress testing of the portfolio for a variety of scenarios (both institution specific and market-
wide); results being communicated to the board of directors and the UAE Central Bank on request; 
 
incorporation of liquidity costs, benefits and risks into product pricing and approval processes; 
 
establishment of a forward-looking funding strategy with effective diversification of funding sources and 
tenors; 
 
setting of formal contingency funding plans which clearly set out strategies for addressing liquidity shortfalls 
in emergency situations (and which must be shared with the UAE Central Bank upon request); 
 
establishment of an adequate cushion of unencumbered, highly liquid assets as insurance against a range of 
liquidity stress scenarios; and 
 
a transfer pricing framework (which is commensurate with its liquidity risk tolerance and complexity) 
developed to reflect the actual cost of funding. 
The quantitative requirements set out in the Liquidity Notice are intended to ensure that each UAE bank holds a 
minimum level of liquid assets which allow it to sustain a short-term liquidity stress (in circumstances both specific to 
that bank and market wide). In particular, the requirements include two interim ratios which were intended to apply 
until the Basel III LCR and NSFR (each as defined below) come into effect. These include the following: 
 
 
Ratio 
Applicability Period 
Basel III ratios: 
Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR > 100%) 
1 January 2019 onwards 
 
Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR < 100%) 
1 January 2018 onwards 
 
The liquidity coverage ratio (the LCR) represents a 30 days stress scenario with combined assumptions covering both 
bank specific and market wide stresses. These assumptions are applied to contractual data representing the main 
liquidity risk drivers at banks to determine cash outflows within the 30 days stress scenario. The LCR requires that 
UAE banks should always be able to cover the net cash outflow with eligible liquid assets at the minimum LCR 
determined by the UAE Central Bank. The Basel III accord requires that this minimum is 100 per cent however, under 
the temporary relief measures provided by the UAE Central Bank under the TESS, the regulatory LCR limit has been 
decreased from 100 per cent. to 70 per cent. until 31 December 2021. The Liquidity Notice describes in detail eligible 
liquid assets for this purpose. 
The net stable funding ratio (the NSFR) is a structural ratio that aims to ensure that banks have adequate stable funding 
to fund the assets on their balance sheets. It also requires an amount of stable funding to cover a portion of the relevant 
UAE banks contingent liabilities. The NSFR mirrors the Basel III NSFR standard. The NSFR identifies the key uses

--- Page 137 ---
123 
 
of funds and the different types of funding sources used by the UAE banks. It assigns available stable funding (ASF) 
factors to the sources of funds and required stable funding (RSF) (usage) factors to asset classes and off balance sheet 
contingent exposures. The assigned ASF factor depends on the terms of funding and the perceived stability of the 
funding sources. The assigned ASF factor will depend on the liquidity of the asset being funded under a market-wide 
stress. Both factors follow the Basel III NSFR standards. The minimum NSFR is 100 per cent, however, under the 
temporary relief measures provided by the UAE Central Bank under the TESS, the regulatory limit has been decreased 
from 100 per cent. to 90 per cent. until 31 December 2021. 
Interim Marginal Lending Facility 
On 15 April 2014, the UAE Central Bank introduced the IMLF which allows non-Islamic UAE banks to use certain 
rated or UAE federal government entity-issued assets to access UAE Central Bank liquidity overnight in order to help 
their liquidity management during times of market stress. 
The IMLF will let lenders use certain assets as collateral to obtain one-day overnight loans from the UAE Central 
Bank. Eligible assets that can be used as collateral must be tradeable and include bonds, sukuk and securities issued 
by the UAE federal government or government-related entities in individual Emirates, as well as by UAE banks and 
corporations. Securities issued by foreign governments, banks, corporates and supranational agencies can also be used 
as collateral, but must carry a minimum 'A' credit rating from one of the three main international rating agencies. Banks 
accessing the IMLF must borrow a minimum of AED 10 million and will be charged 100 basis points over the official 
UAE base rate. 
Collateralized Murabaha Facility 
On 22 June 2011, the UAE Central Bank announced that it would be offering a Collateralized Murabaha Facility to 
banks in the UAE to provide a source of liquidity to banks. On 22 March 2015, the UAE Central Bank extended the 
spectrum of "Eligible Collateral" for the existing Collateralized Murabaha Facility to include Shari'a compliant 
securities, effective from 1 April 2015. Islamic banks operating in the UAE, such as SIB, can now access funds from 
the UAE Central Bank on an overnight basis by posting eligible securities as collateral.  
Position of Depositors 
There is no formal deposit protection scheme in the UAE. While no bank has, so far, been permitted to fail, during the 
1980s and early 1990s a number were restructured by the relevant government authorities. In October 2008, in response 
to the global financial crisis, the UAE federal government announced that it intended to guarantee the deposits of all 
UAE banks and foreign banks with core operations in the UAE and a draft law guaranteeing federal deposits was 
approved by the UAE's National Federal Council in May 2009. In addition, the 2018 Federal Law provides that the 
board of directors of the UAE Central Bank may issue regulations for the protection of deposits and the rights of 
depositors. However, until such time as any such law or regulations are passed, there is no guaranteed government 
support. 
Prudential Regulations 
The UAE Central Bank has supervisory responsibility for banking institutions in the UAE. Supervision is carried out 
through on-site inspections and review of periodic submissions from the banks. The frequency of inspection depends 
on the perceived risk of the relevant bank, but inspections are carried out in all banks at least once every 18 months. 
Prudential returns are made monthly, quarterly, semi-annually or annually, depending on the nature of the information 
they contain. An improved risk management framework has been implemented, aimed at providing the UAE Central 
Bank with more up to date information on credit, market and operational risks within the banking sector. 
Capital Adequacy 
All banks are required to follow the principles of the Basel accord in calculating their capital adequacy ratios. Basel II 
was introduced effective 17 November 2009 by way of UAE Central Bank Circular Number 27/2009. Since 1993, the

--- Page 138 ---
124 
 
UAE Central Bank had imposed a 10 per cent. minimum total capital ratio on all UAE banks. In a circular dated 30 
August 2009, the UAE Central Bank announced amendments to its capital adequacy requirements, such that UAE 
banks were required to have a total capital adequacy ratio of at least 11 per cent., with a Tier I ratio of not less than 7 
per cent., by 30 September 2009. Furthermore, the UAE Central Bank required banks operating in the UAE to increase 
their Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio to at least 8 per cent., with a minimum total capital adequacy ratio of at least 12 per 
cent., by 30 June 2010. Thereafter, through its circular dated 17 November 2009 introducing Basel II, the UAE Central 
Bank stated that it was expected that the main banks in the UAE would move to the Foundation Internal Rating Based 
approach under Basel II in due course. Through this circular, the UAE Central Bank reiterated that all banks operating 
in the UAE were required to maintain a minimum capital adequacy ratio of 11 per cent. at all times, increasing to 12 
per cent. by 30 June 2010 and also laid out its expectations in relation to Pillar II and Pillar III of the Basel II framework. 
Profits for the current period, goodwill, other intangibles, unrealised gains on investments and any shortfall in loan 
loss provisions were deducted from regulatory capital. 
Whilst the calculation of capital adequacy ratios in the UAE follows the Bank of International Settlements guidelines, 
claims on or guaranteed by GCC central governments and central banks are risk-weighted at zero per cent.; claims on 
GCC government non-commercial public sector entities are risk-weighted at 50 per cent.; and GCC sovereign debt is 
risk-weighted at zero per cent. 
In May 2016, the UAE Central Bank published a draft consultation document entitled "Capital Adequacy Regulation" 
(the Consultation Document), detailing the Basel III requirements expected to be followed by banks operating in the 
UAE, once the applicable legislation has been implemented in the UAE. In particular, the Consultation Document 
outlined the general quantitative requirements expected to be followed by UAE banks, with regards to Common Equity 
Tier 1 capital, Additional Tier 1 capital and Tier 2 capital (together, Regulatory Capital). It also outlined, amongst 
other things, the Regulatory Capital ratios that UAE banks will be expected to follow and adhere to, the individual 
UAE bank minimum capital conservation standards and the required disclosure standards expected to be made 
available by UAE banks with respect to Regulatory Capital. On 23 February 2017, UAE Central Bank published the 
"Regulations re Capital Adequacy" (the February 2017 Regulations) in the Official Gazette issue 612, which were 
effective from 1 February 2017. The February 2017 Regulations are intended to ensure that the capital adequacy of all 
banks operating in the UAE is in line with the Basel III requirements, whilst implementing the measures contained in 
the Consultation Document. The February 2017 Regulations are supported by the accompanying standards entitled 
"Standards for Capital Adequacy of Banks in the UAE" which were published by the UAE Central Bank on 12 
November 2020 by virtue of Notice No. CBUAE/BSD/N/2020/4980 (the Accompanying Standards). The 
Accompanying Standards elaborate on the supervisory expectations of the UAE Central Bank with respect to the 
relevant Basel III capital adequacy requirements.  
SIB is required by the UAE Central Bank to maintain a minimum total capital adequacy ratio of 13.0 per cent. As of 
30 June 2021, SIB's capital adequacy ratio was 20.78 per cent.  
See further "Description of Sharjah Islamic Bank – Risk Management – Basel III – Capital Adequacy". 
Reserve Requirements 
See "Description of Sharjah Islamic Bank – Risk Management – Basel III – Capital Adequacy". 
As part of the temporary relief measures provided by the UAE Central Bank under the TESS, the reserve requirement 
for banks to maintain 14 per cent. of customer deposits with the UAE Central Bank has been reduced to 7 per cent. 
Credit Controls 
Banks are required by the UAE Central Bank to establish credit policies and procedures commensurate with their size 
and activities. They must also have a proper credit assessment and approval process and adequate controls in place to 
monitor credit concentrations to, among others, individual borrowers / clients, economic sectors and foreign countries.

--- Page 139 ---
125 
 
The UAE Central Bank's circular dated 23 February 2011 on retail banking and Notice No. 31/2013 dated 28 October 
2013 (which was published in the Official Gazette on 28 November 2013 and entered into force on 28 December 
2013), as amended by Notice No. CBUAE/BSD/N/2020/1799 dated 8 April 2020 and Resolution No. 31/2/2020 
Amending Circular No. 31/2013 (the Mortgage Regulations), introduced regulations regarding bank loans and other 
services offered to individual customers. These regulations, among other things, impose maximum loan/income and 
loan to value ratios for retail products. For example, the regulations require that the amount of any personal consumer 
loan shall not exceed 20 times the salary or total income of the borrower with the repayment period not exceeding 48 
months. Additionally, the Mortgage Regulations specify that the amount of mortgage loans for non-UAE nationals 
should not exceed 80 per cent. of the property value for a first purchase of a home (with a value of less than or equal 
to AED 5 million), 70 per cent. of the property value for a first purchase of a home (with a value greater than AED 5 
million) and 60 per cent. of the property value (irrespective of the value of the property) for second and subsequent 
homes. For UAE nationals, the corresponding limits are set at 85 per cent. in respect of a first purchase of a home with 
a value less than or equal to AED 5 million, 75 per cent. for a first home with a value greater than AED 5 million and 
65 per cent. of the property value for a second or subsequent purchase (irrespective of the value of the property). 
Large Exposures 
The UAE Central Bank defines large exposures as any funded or unfunded exposures (less provisions, cash collaterals 
and deposits under lien) to a single borrower or group of related borrowers exceeding prescribed limits.  
The UAE Central Bank published the Large Exposure Notice in the Official Gazette on 30 December 2013 and it 
entered into force on 30 January 2014. The Large Exposure Notice introduced limits of 100 per cent. of the bank's 
capital base for all lending to UAE local governments and their non-commercial entities, together with a 25 per cent. 
limit to any single such non-commercial entity. Exposures above these limits are subject to approval by the UAE 
Central Bank. Set out below is a table showing a summary of the changes introduced by the Large Exposure Notice 
(defined as a percentage of the bank's capital base calculated under Basel II): 
 
 
Individual 
New Limit 
Aggregate 
Old 
Limit 
Individual 
Aggregate 
UAE 
federal 
government 
and 
their  
non-commercial entities ...............................................................  
Exempt 
Exempt 
Exempt 
Exempt 
UAE 
local 
government 
and 
their  
non-commercial entities ...............................................................  
No cap for UAE local 
government; 25% for 
each non-commercial 
entity 
100% 
Exempt 
Exempt 
Commercial 
entities 
of 
UAE 
federal 
government and UAE local government ......................................  
25% 
100% 
25% 
None 
Commercial 
or 
other 
(non-commercial)  
private sector entities and individuals ...........................................  
25% max 
None 
7% 
None 
Shareholders 
who 
own 
5 
per 
cent. 
or  
more of the bank's capital and related entities ..............................  
20% 
50% 
7% 
None 
Exposure to bank's subsidiaries and affiliates ...............................  
10% 
25% 
20% 
60% 
Board members ............................................................................  
5% 
25% 
5% 
25% 
Provisions for Loan Losses 
For UAE banks, IFRS 9 was introduced for financial reporting periods commencing on 1 January 2018, replacing IAS 
39 and introducing an ECL model for the measurement of the impairment of financial assets, such that it is no longer 
necessary for a credit event to have occurred before a credit loss is recognised. The guiding principle of the ECL model 
is to reflect the general pattern of deterioration or improvement in the credit quality of financial instruments. IFRS 9 
provision uses a three stage approach in recognising increased credit risk at each stage of risk (i.e., Stage 1 for current 
facilities, Stage 2 for significant increase in credit risk and Stage 3 for impaired loans). 
On 27 March 2020, the IASB issued a guidance note, advising that both the assessment of a significant increase in 
credit risk and the measurement of ECLs are required to be based on reasonable and supportable information that is

--- Page 140 ---
126 
 
available to an entity without undue cost or effort. In assessing forecast conditions, consideration should be given both 
to the effects of COVID-19 and the significant government support measures being undertaken. 
Under the TESS, the IFRS 9 staging and classification of loans of customers that are Stage 1 and are receiving relief 
is expected to remain unchanged during the period of the scheme and not downgraded. In addition, a part of the UAE 
Central Bank's stimulus package in response to COVID-19, banks are able to apply a prudential filter to IFRS 9 
expected loss provisions. The prudential filter will allow any increase in IFRS 9 provisioning compared to 31 December 
2019 to be partially added back to regulatory capital. This will allow IFRS 9 provisions to be gradually phased-in over 
a five year period until 31 December 2024. 
Establishing a Credit Bureau in the UAE 
Al Etihad Credit Bureau (the AECB) is a federal government company specialised in providing UAE-based credit 
reports and other financial information. AECB commenced operations in 2014 upon receiving formal approval from 
the UAE Cabinet of its regulations and its charges for producing credit reports. AECB has approached all UAE-based 
banks to sign data sharing agreements to enable the provision of customer credit information, with the majority having 
entered into such agreements and/or made successful initial data submissions to AECB by the time AECB commenced 
operations.  
The implementation of regulations for the sharing of credit report data and the commercial operation of the UAE's first 
credit bureau is expected to reduce the risk involved in the origination of customer lending and banking business 
generally. 
COVID-19 
 
In response to the COVID-19 outbreak (see "Risk Factors – Risks relating to SIB and its business – Political, economic 
and related risks"), effective from 15 March 2020, the UAE Central Bank implemented a Targeted Economic Support 
Scheme (the TESS) including a range of measures aimed at mitigating the effects of COVID-19 on the UAE economy. 
The TESS and other accompanying stimulus measures include (in addition to cutting interest rates as discussed in such 
risk factor): 
Targeted Economic Support Scheme 
• 
allowing banks operating in the UAE access to loans and advances, against collateral, extended at zero cost by 
the UAE Central Bank until 30 June 2022, the proceeds of which are to be used by UAE banks to grant temporary 
relief to private sector corporate customers and retail clients; 
• 
reducing the capital conservation buffer by 3 per cent. and reducing the domestic systematically important bank 
(DSIB) buffer by 1.5 per cent. until 31 December 2021; 
• 
allowing banks to utilise 60 per cent. of their capital conservation buffer and 100 per cent. of their D-SIB buffer, 
as applicable, without supervisory consequences, until 31 December 2021; 
• 
allowing banks that are subject to regulatory LCR requirements to fall below the regulatory LCR requirement of 
100 per cent. provided that their LCR is higher than or equal to 70 per cent, with such changes to the LCR 
applicable until 31 December 2021, subject to having fully utilised the limit available under the zero cost facility 
of TESS;  
• 
allowing banks that are subject to NSFR to fall below the regulatory NSFR requirement of 100 per cent., provided 
that their NSFR is higher than or equal to 90 per cent., while other banks are allowed to go above the regulatory 
ASRR requirement of 100 per cent., provided that their ASRR is lower than or equal to 110 per cent., with such 
changes to the NSFR and ASRR being applicable until 31 December 2021 for all banks operating in the UAE; 
and 
• 
expecting banks to leave unchanged and not downgrade the IFRS 9 staging and classification of customers who 
are receiving temporary relief linked to the TESS and are temporarily and mildly impacted by COVID-19, thereby 
having no significant impact on their creditworthiness. In the case of customers who are receiving temporary

--- Page 141 ---
127 
 
relief linked to the TESS but are expected to be significantly impacted by COVID-19 in the long-term, thereby 
having a significant impact on their creditworthiness, expecting banks to downgrade such customers to either 
Stage 2 or Stage 3 in accordance with IFRS 9. 
Further measures to support the UAE economy in response to COVID-19 
• 
decreasing the UAE Central Bank's minimum reserve requirement for all current, call and savings deposits from 
14 per cent. to 7 per cent.;  
• 
administering a gradual implementation of certain Basel III capital requirements from 31 March 2021 to 31 March 
2022; and 
• 
allowing banks to apply a prudential filter to IFRS 9 expected loss provisions. The prudential filter will allow any 
increase in IFRS 9 provisioning compared to 31 December 2019 to be partially added back to regulatory capital. 
This will allow IFRS 9 provisions to be gradually phased-in over a five year period until 31 December 2024. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, SIB has accessed support available to it through the TESS. In addition, SIB has 
also availed of the opportunity to apply a prudential filter to its IFRS 9 expected loss provisions. Although SIB has 
sought to make use of the foregoing measures made available to it by the UAE Central Bank, it has not as at the date 
of this Base Prospectus sought to access any of its existing capital buffers.

--- Page 142 ---
128 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PRINCIPAL TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS 
The following is a summary of certain provisions of the principal Transaction Documents and is qualified in its entirety 
by reference to the detailed provisions of the principal Transaction Documents. Copies of the Transaction Documents 
will be available for inspection at the offices of the Principal Paying Agent (as defined in the Conditions). 
Master Purchase Agreement 
The Amended and Restated Master Purchase Agreement will be entered into on 20 December 2021 between SIB Sukuk 
Company III Limited (in its capacities as Trustee and as Purchaser) and SIB (in its capacity as Seller) and will be 
governed by the laws of Sharjah and, to the extent applicable therein, the federal laws of the UAE. A Supplemental 
Purchase Contract (together with the Master Purchase Agreement, each a Purchase Agreement) between the same 
parties will be entered into on the Issue Date of each tranche of a Series and will also be governed by the laws of 
Sharjah or, in the case of Real Estate Ijara Assets located in another Emirate, the laws of that Emirate and to the extent 
applicable therein in Sharjah or, as the case may be, that other Emirate, the federal laws of the UAE. A Purchase 
Agreement may also be entered into on any other date that the Portfolio Principal Revenues standing to the credit of 
the Principal Collection Account are to be used to acquire additional Assets. Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the 
Seller will sell to the Purchaser, and the Purchaser will buy from the Seller, the relevant Initial Portfolio or the relevant 
additional Assets, as the case may be, together with the transfer and assignment by the Seller to the Purchaser of all of 
the Seller’s rights, title, interests, benefits and entitlements in, to and under the Assets which comprise the relevant 
Initial Portfolio or additional Assets, as the case may be. The relevant Initial Portfolio or relevant additional Assets, as 
the case may be, will also be identified in the annex to the applicable Supplemental Purchase Contract. 
Service Agency Agreement 
The Amended and Restated Service Agency Agreement will be entered into on 20 December 2021 between SIB Sukuk 
Company III Limited (in its capacity as Trustee) and SIB (as Service Agent of each Portfolio) and will be governed by 
English law. 
Services 
Pursuant to the Service Agency Agreement, the Trustee will appoint the Service Agent to service the Portfolio 
applicable to each Series. In particular, the Service Agent will, in relation to each Series, perform, amongst other things, 
the following services (the Services) as agent of the Trustee: 
 
it shall service the Portfolio in accordance with the corresponding Service Schedule set out in the 
Schedule to the Service Agency Agreement (a copy of which will be scheduled to the relevant 
Supplemental Purchase Contract, which includes the amount which the Trustee commercially 
expects to earn from the relevant Assets (the Expected Portfolio Income Revenues Amount)), 
which shall be completed at the time of issue of the first tranche of the relevant Series upon receipt 
from the Trustee of the relevant Supplemental Purchase Contract and the applicable Final Terms; 
 
if the Trustee issues an additional tranche, it shall, as soon as practicable, after such issuance amend 
the Service Schedule for that Series to take into account the issuance of such additional tranche;  
 
it shall ensure that, on the Issue Date of each tranche of a Series more than 50 per cent. of the Portfolio 
Value is derived from Tangible Assets; 
 
it shall procure that, at all times following each Issue Date of the first Tranche of a Series, more than 
50 per cent. of the Portfolio Value is derived from Tangible Assets and in the event that, at any time, 
the aggregate Value of the Tangible Assets comprised within the Portfolio falls to 50 per cent. or 
less (but is at least 33 per cent. of the Portfolio Value), the Service Agent will take any and all steps 
as may be required by the Internal Shari'a Supervisory Committee of SIB to raise such percentage 
to a level that is more than 50 per cent. within the time period determined by the Internal Shari'a 
Supervisory Committee of SIB; 
 
in the event that there are Portfolio Principal Revenues standing to the credit of the Principal 
Collection Account and to the extent that SIB has Eligible Assets available for sale to the Trustee, it 
shall use its reasonable endeavours to notify the Trustee of: (i) the amount standing to the credit of 
the Principal Collection Account which can be used for the purposes of purchasing the Eligible

--- Page 143 ---
129 
 
Assets (which amount shall not be greater than the aggregate Value of such Eligible Assets); and (ii) 
the details and aggregate Value of such proposed Eligible Assets, to allow the Trustee to have 
sufficient information to enable it to acquire further Tangible Assets; 
 
it shall do all acts and things (including execution of such documents, issue of notices and 
commencement of any proceedings) that it considers (and without the need for the consent of the 
Trustee) reasonably necessary to ensure the assumption of, and compliance by each Asset Obligor 
with its covenants, undertakings or other obligations under the Asset Contract to which it is a party 
in accordance with applicable law and the terms of the Asset Contract, in each case in respect of the 
Assets; 
 
it shall discharge or procure the discharge of all obligations to be discharged by SIB (in whatever 
capacity) in respect of any of the Assets under all Asset Contracts, it being acknowledged that the 
Service Agent may appoint one or more agents to discharge these obligations on its behalf; 
 
it shall pay on behalf of the Trustee any actual costs, expenses, actual losses and Taxes (as defined 
in the Service Agency Agreement) which would otherwise be payable by the Trustee as a result of 
the Trustee’s ownership of the Portfolio, such actual costs, expenses, actual losses and Taxes will be 
reimbursed in accordance with the Service Agency Agreement; 
 
it shall use all reasonable endeavours to ensure the timely receipt of all Portfolio Revenues, 
investigate non-payment of Portfolio Revenues and generally make all reasonable efforts to collect 
or enforce the collection of such Portfolio Revenues under all Asset Contracts as and when the same 
shall become due; 
 
it shall ensure that all Portfolio Income Revenues are received free and clear of all set-off, 
counterclaims deductions or withholdings for or on account of Taxes (or have otherwise been grossed 
up accordingly); 
 
it shall maintain the Collection Accounts as described further under “Collection Accounts” below; 
 
it shall obtain all necessary authorisations in connection with any of the Assets and its obligations 
under or in connection with the Service Agency Agreement; 
 
it shall use its reasonable endeavours to ensure that all Asset Obligors in respect of Tangible Assets 
maintain industry standard insurances, and fulfil all structural repair, major maintenance and all other 
obligations in respect of the relevant Tangible Assets (each in accordance with the terms of the 
relevant Asset Contracts relating to the Tangible Assets);  
 
it will use its reasonable endeavours to procure that the legal title to the Assets is held by SIB (in its 
capacity as seller) for and on behalf of the Trustee for so long as such Assets are comprised within 
the Portfolio; and 
 
it shall carry out any incidental matters relating to any of the above services. 
The Trustee and the Service Agent have acknowledged and agreed that the occurrence of a Tangibility Event shall 
constitute a SIB Event. 
For these purposes: 
Asset means, in relation to a Series, each asset constituting the relevant Portfolio. 
Asset Contract means the contracts and/or other agreements and/or documents evidencing or otherwise related to or 
associated with an Asset. 
Asset Obligor means any person (other than SIB or any person acting on behalf of SIB or in conjunction with SIB as 
part of a syndicate of financiers or investors) that is a party to an Asset Contract as a party owing obligations to SIB or 
any person acting on behalf of SIB.

--- Page 144 ---
130 
 
Ownership Period means, in relation to each Series, the period commencing on the Issue Date of the first Tranche of 
such Series and ending on the date on which all of the Certificates of that Series are redeemed in full. 
Portfolio Value means the sum of: (a) the Value of each Asset comprised in the Portfolio at the relevant time; and (b) 
any Portfolio Principal Revenues held by the Service Agent at the relevant time. 
Tangibility Event means, if, at any time, following the Issue Date of the first Tranche of a Series, the aggregate Value 
of the Tangible Assets comprised within the Portfolio in relation to such Series falls below 33 per cent. of the Portfolio 
Value. 
 
Value means, in respect of any Asset, the amount in the Specified Currency (following conversion, if necessary, of 
any relevant amount(s) at the spot rate of exchange (as defined in the Service Agency Agreement)) determined by SIB 
on the relevant date as being equal to: (a) in the case of Tangible Assets which are leased on an ijara muntahiah 
bittamleek (financial lease) basis, the aggregate of all outstanding fixed rental instalment amounts payable by the lessee 
or other equivalent fixed instalment amounts payable by the obligor, in each case in the nature of capital or principal 
payments in respect of the relevant asset; (b) in the case of Tangible Assets which are not leased on an ijara muntahiah 
bittamleek (financial lease) basis, the initial agreed value or the outstanding base amounts or other equivalent of 
aggregate fixed instalment amounts payable by the obligor or any other amounts in the nature of capital or principal 
payments in respect of the relevant asset; (c) in the case of Other Tangible Assets either: (i) the outstanding base 
amounts or other equivalent of aggregate fixed instalment amounts payable by the obligor which are in the nature of 
capital or principal payments in respect of the relevant asset; or (ii) in the case of sukuk or trust certificates: (A) only 
for the purposes of paragraph (e) above (in the list of Services) and for determining the Portfolio Value, the outstanding 
face amount of such sukuk or trust certificates; and (B) in all other cases (including, for the avoidance of doubt, 
determining the tangibility levels as contemplated by clauses 3.1(c) and 3.1(d) of the Service Agency Agreement), the 
product of (i) the outstanding face amount of such sukuk or trust certificates; and (ii) the minimum tangibility 
requirement (expressed as a percentage) for such sukuk or trust certificates as further detailed in the relevant terms and 
conditions (and related transaction documents) relating to such sukuk or trust certificatest, in each case determined by 
SIB as being equal to the value of that Asset on each day on which it remains part of the relevant Portfolio. 
Possession, records and documents 
The Service Agent will undertake, in relation to each Series, that it shall: (a) maintain actual or constructive possession, 
custody or control of all or any part of the Assets comprising the Portfolio during the Ownership Period, in each case 
in accordance with the terms of the relevant Asset Contracts; and (b) keep and maintain (and provide to the Trustee 
within 90 days of receiving a request in writing) all documents, books, records and other information reasonably 
necessary or advisable for the collection of all amounts due in respect of the Assets and all amounts credited to the 
Collection Accounts. 
The Service Agent will agree in the Service Agency Agreement: 
 
to provide the Services in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations; 
 
to provide the Services with the degree of skill and care that it would exercise in respect of its own 
assets;  
 
to ensure that the Services do not extend to any investment services on a discretionary basis in 
relation to the Assets or any Portfolio Revenues; and 
 
service the Assets in accordance with the Shari'a principles as set out in the Shari'ah Standards issued 
by the Accounting and Auditing Organization for Islamic Financial Institutions (AAOIFI) and the 
resolutions issued by the Higher Sharia Authority of the Central Bank of the United Arab Emirates, 
in each case, from time to time, as interpreted by SIB's Internal Shari'a Supervisory Committee. 
Service Agency Liabilities Amounts and Fees 
The Trustee and the Service Agent will agree that any Service Agency Liabilities Amounts (as defined below) incurred 
by the Service Agent in providing the Services in relation to a Series shall be paid by the Trustee by way of the 
application of amounts standing to the credit of the Income Collection Account (as defined below) by the Service 
Agent on the Trustee’s behalf in payment of such amounts from time to time (as described below) or from the Portfolio 
Revenues on the final Dissolution Date under the Programme.

--- Page 145 ---
131 
 
The Trustee and the Service Agent agree and confirm that the Service Agent shall have no investment agency 
responsibilities (including any discretionary investment responsibilities with respect to monies received by it pursuant 
to the Transaction Documents or any discretionary substitution of an Asset) with respect to its appointment as service 
agent of the Trustee under this Service Agency Agreement and, other than as provided for in the Transaction 
Documents, is not permitted to trade in the Assets. 
For these purposes, Service Agency Liabilities Amounts means, in relation to each Series, the amount of any claims, 
actual costs, actual losses and expenses properly incurred or suffered by the Service Agent or other payments made by 
the Service Agent on behalf of the Trustee in each case in providing the Services during a Distribution Period (being 
a period that corresponds with the relevant Return Accumulation Period under the Certificates), but does not include 
amounts in respect of any Liquidity Facilities (as defined below). 
SIB shall be entitled to receive a fixed fee of U.S.$100 for acting as Service Agent under the Service Agency 
Agreement. In addition, following payment of all amounts due and payable under the Certificates of each Series on the 
final Dissolution Date, the Service Agent will be entitled to retain any amounts that remain standing to the credit of 
the Income Reserve Collection Account in relation to that Series for its own account as an incentive payment for acting 
as Service Agent. 
Collection Accounts 
In relation to each Series, the Service Agent will maintain three ledger accounts (such accounts being the Principal 
Collection Account, the Income Collection Account and the Income Reserve Collection Account) in its books (each 
of which shall be denominated in the Specified Currency) in which all revenues from the Assets (the Portfolio 
Revenues) will be recorded. The Portfolio Revenues include all rental and other amounts payable by the relevant Asset 
Obligor under the terms of the relevant Asset Contract, all sale proceeds or consideration, actual damages, insurance 
proceeds, compensation or other sums received by the Service Agent or SIB in whatever currency in respect of or 
otherwise in connection with the relevant Assets. All Portfolio Revenues in relation to each Series will be recorded: 
 
to the extent that any such amounts comprise amounts in the nature of sale, capital or principal 
payments, expressed, whenever applicable, as an amount in the Specified Currency (following 
conversion, if necessary, of any relevant amounts at the spot rate of exchange determined by SIB) 
(Portfolio Principal Revenues) in the Principal Collection Account; and 
 
to the extent that any such amounts comprise amounts other than Portfolio Principal Revenues 
(Portfolio Income Revenues), in the Income Collection Account. 
Amounts standing to the credit of the Income Collection Account relating to each Series will be applied by the Service 
Agent on each Distribution Determination Date (being the Business Day immediately prior to the relevant Periodic 
Distribution Date under the Certificates of the relevant Series) in the following order of priority: 
 
first, in payment of any amounts advanced and outstanding by way of a Liquidity Facility; 
 
second, in payment of any Service Agency Liabilities Amounts for the Distribution Period ending 
immediately before the immediately following Distribution Date (being the date which corresponds 
with the relevant Periodic Distribution Date under the Certificates of the relevant Series); 
 
third, the Service Agent will pay into the relevant Transaction Account an amount equal to the lesser 
of the Required Amount payable on the immediately following Periodic Distribution Date and the 
remaining balance of the Income Collection Account; and 
 
any amounts still standing to the credit of the Income Collection Account immediately following 
payment of all of the above amounts shall be debited from the Income Collection Account and 
credited to the Income Reserve Collection Account. 
For the purposes of the Service Agency Agreement, the Required Amount will mean an amount equal to the aggregate 
of the Periodic Distribution Amounts and any other amounts payable by the Trustee in respect of the relevant 
Certificates on each relevant Periodic Distribution Date.

--- Page 146 ---
132 
 
The Service Agent will be entitled to deduct amounts standing to the credit of the Income Reserve Collection Account 
at any time and use such amounts for its own account, provided that such amounts shall be repaid by it if so required 
to fund a Shortfall (as defined and described below). 
Shortfalls and Liquidity Facilities 
If on a Distribution Determination Date (after: (i) payment of the relevant amounts standing to the credit of the Income 
Collection Account into the relevant Transaction Account in accordance with paragraph (c) under “Collection 
Accounts” above; and (ii) taking into account any other payments made or to be made into the relevant Transaction 
Account pursuant to any other Transaction Document) there is a shortfall (each a Shortfall) between: 
 
the amounts standing to the credit of the relevant Transaction Account; and 
 
the Required Amount payable on the immediately following Periodic Distribution Date, 
the Service Agent will pay into the relevant Transaction Account on that Distribution Determination Date from the 
amounts standing to the credit of the Income Reserve Collection Account (if any) an amount equal to the Shortfall (or 
such lesser amount as is then standing to the credit of the Income Reserve Collection Account). If any Shortfall still 
remains after payment to the relevant Transaction Account of the amounts credited to the Income Reserve Collection 
Account (as described in this paragraph) and after payment to the relevant Transaction Account of all other amounts 
payable pursuant to any other Transaction Document, the Service Agent may either: (A) provide Shari’a compliant 
funding itself; or (B) procure Shari’a compliant funding from a third party, in each case, to the extent necessary, by 
payment of the same into the relevant Transaction Account, on terms that such funding is settled: (i) from Portfolio 
Income Revenues in accordance with the Service Agency Agreement; or (ii) from the Exercise Price on the date on 
which the Certificates of the relevant Series are redeemed in full, to ensure that the Trustee receives on each Distribution 
Determination Date the Required Amount payable by it in accordance with the Conditions of the relevant Series on the 
immediately following Periodic Distribution Date (such funding in relation to a Series, a Liquidity Facility). 
Payments under the Service Agency Agreement 
The Service Agent will agree in the Service Agency Agreement that all payments by it under the Service Agency 
Agreement will be made without any deduction or withholding for or on account of tax unless required by law and (save 
as set out therein and without prejudice to paragraph (h) under “Services” above) without set-off or counterclaim of any 
kind and, in the event that there is any deduction or withholding, the Service Agent shall pay all additional amounts as 
will result in the receipt by the Trustee of such net amounts as would have been received by it if no such deduction or 
withholding had been made. The payment obligations of the Service Agent under the Service Agency Agreement will be 
direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of the Purchase Undertaking) unsecured obligations 
of the Service Agent which rank at least pari passu with all other present and future unsubordinated and unsecured 
obligations of SIB save for such obligations as may be preferred by provisions of law that are both mandatory and of 
general application. 
Purchase Undertaking 
The Amended and Restated Purchase Undertaking will be executed as a deed on 20 December 2021 by SIB in favour of 
SIB Sukuk Company III Limited (in its capacity as Trustee) and the Delegate, and will be governed by English law. 
SIB will, in relation to each Series, irrevocably undertake in favour of the Trustee and the Delegate to purchase all of 
the Trustee’s rights, title, interests, benefits and entitlements in, to and under the relevant Portfolio on the relevant 
Scheduled Dissolution Date or any earlier Dissolution Date (other than where the Dissolution Date is a 
Certificateholder Put Right Date, as to which see below) for the relevant Series at the Portfolio Exercise Price, which 
shall be an amount in the Specified Currency equal to the aggregate of: 
 
the aggregate outstanding face amount of the Certificates of the relevant Series on the relevant 
Dissolution Date; 
 
an amount equal to all due but unpaid Periodic Distribution Amounts (if any) relating to the 
Certificates of the relevant Series; and 
 
an amount equal to the sum of any outstanding: (i) amounts payable in respect of any Liquidity 
Facility; and (ii) any Service Agency Liabilities Amounts.

--- Page 147 ---
133 
 
The Trustee will also be entitled to exercise the Purchase Undertaking following any exercise by the Certificateholders 
of any relevant Series of their right to require the Trustee to redeem their Certificates on a Certificateholder Put Right 
Date, in which case SIB will be required to purchase a portion of the relevant Portfolio (such portion to comprise the 
Certificateholder Put Right Assets) with an aggregate Value no greater than the aggregate face amount of the 
Certificates to be redeemed. The exercise price (the Certificateholder Put Right Exercise Price and, together with 
the Portfolio Exercise Price, each an Exercise Price) payable for the Certificateholder Put Right Assets will be an 
amount in the Specified Currency equal to the aggregate of: 
 
the product of: (i) the aggregate face amount of the relevant Certificateholder Put Right Certificates; 
and (ii) the Optional Dissolution Amount (Certificateholder Put) Percentage specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
 
an amount equal to all due but unpaid Periodic Distribution Amounts (if any) relating to the relevant 
Certificateholder Put Right Certificates; and 
 
(only where no Certificate of the relevant Series remains outstanding following the exercise of the 
Certificateholder Put Right) an amount equal to the sum of any outstanding: (i) amounts payable in 
respect of any Liquidity Facility; and (ii) any Service Agency Liability Amounts. 
If the Delegate exercises any of the redemption rights described above, an exercise notice will be required to be 
delivered by the Delegate under the Purchase Undertaking. 
To the extent that there are any outstanding: (a) amounts payable in respect of any Liquidity Facility; or (b) Service 
Agency Liabilities Amounts, on any exercise under the Purchase Undertaking (and service of an exercise notice), such 
amounts shall be set-off in full against the Portfolio Exercise Price or the Certificateholder Put Right Price (as the case 
may be) payable by SIB under the Purchase Undertaking and any Sale Agreement. 
If SIB fails to pay all or part of any Exercise Price that is due in accordance with the Purchase Undertaking and provided 
that no Sale Agreement has been entered into, then SIB will agree in the Purchase Undertaking that it will irrevocably, 
unconditionally and automatically (without the necessity for any notice or any other action) continue to act as Service 
Agent for the provision of the Services in respect of the relevant Portfolio on the terms and conditions, mutatis 
mutandis, of the Service Agreement. 
SIB will expressly declare in the Purchase Undertaking that: 
 
the relevant Exercise Price represents a fair price for the purchase of all of the Trustee’s rights, title, 
interests, benefits and entitlements in, to and under the relevant Portfolio or the relevant 
Certificateholder Put Right Assets, as the case may be; and 
 
it shall irrevocably and unconditionally accept all or any ownership interest the Trustee may have in 
the relevant Portfolio or the relevant Certificateholder Put Right Assets, as the case may be, and, 
accordingly, shall not dispute or challenge all or any ownership interest the Trustee may have 
acquired under (or as contemplated by) the Supplemental Purchase Contract or any of the other 
Transaction Documents in any way. 
SIB has further undertaken in the Purchase Undertaking that if: 
 
at the time of delivery of the Exercise Notice in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase 
Undertaking, SIB (acting in any capacity) remains in actual or constructive possession, custody or 
control of all or any part of the Portfolio; and 
 
following delivery of the Exercise Notice in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase 
Undertaking, the Portfolio Exercise Price or the Certificateholder Put Right Exercise Price is not 
paid in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase Undertaking for any reason whatsoever, 
SIB shall (as an independent, severable and separately enforceable obligation) fully indemnify the Trustee for the 
purpose of redemption in full of the relevant Certificates and, accordingly, the amount payable under any such 
indemnity claim will equal the relevant Exercise Price.

--- Page 148 ---
134 
 
Payment of an amount equal to the Portfolio Exercise Price or the Certificateholder Put Right Exercise Price (as the 
case may be) into the Transaction Account in accordance with the Purchase Undertaking shall evidence the acceptance 
of the Exercise Notice by SIB delivered in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase Undertaking and the 
conclusion of the transfer of the rights, title, interest, benefits and entitlements of the Trustee in, to and under the 
Portfolio or any of the Assets comprising the Portfolio or the Certificateholder Put Right Assets, as the case may be, 
to SIB. Payment of an amount equal to the Portfolio Exercise Price or the Certificateholder Put Right Exercise Price 
(as the case may be) into the Transaction Account in accordance with the Purchase Undertaking shall also constitute 
full discharge of the obligation of SIB to pay the Portfolio Exercise Price or the Certificateholder Put Right Exercise 
Price (as the case may be) to the Trustee (for the benefit of the Certificateholders). 
In the Purchase Undertaking, SIB undertakes that, so long as any Certificate remains outstanding, SIB will not, and 
shall ensure that none of its Material Subsidiaries will, create or permit to subsist any Security Interest, other than a 
Permitted Security Interest, upon the whole or any part of its present or future undertakings, assets or revenues 
(including uncalled capital) to secure any Relevant Indebtedness or any Guarantee of Relevant Indebtedness given by 
it without: 
 
at the same time or prior thereto securing equally and rateably therewith its obligations under the 
Transaction Documents to which it is, in whatever capacity, a party; or 
 
providing such other Security Interest for those obligations as may be approved by the 
Certificateholders by an Extraordinary Resolution. 
SIB has agreed that each of the following events will constitute a SIB Event: 
 
Non-payment: SIB (acting in any capacity) fails to pay any amount payable by it pursuant to any 
Transaction Document to which it is a party and such failure continues for a period of 14 days of the 
due date for payment; or 
 
Breach of other obligations: SIB (acting in any capacity) defaults in the performance or observance 
of any of its covenants and/or obligations under or in respect of the Transaction Documents and such 
default remains unremedied, unless the default is, in the opinion of the Delegate, capable of remedy 
and is not, in the opinion of the Delegate, remedied within 28 days after written notice of such default 
shall have been given to SIB by the Delegate; or 
 
Tangibility Event: a Tangibility Event occurs; or 
 
Cross Acceleration: 
(i) 
any Indebtedness of SIB or any of its Material Subsidiaries (or any Guarantee given by 
any of them in respect of any Indebtedness) is not paid when due or, as the case may be, 
within any originally applicable grace period; or 
(ii) 
any such Indebtedness is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to 
its specified maturity (or, in the case of a Guarantee, is called) as a result of an event of 
default (however described), 
provided, however, that it shall not constitute a SIB Event unless the aggregate amount (or its 
equivalent in U.S. dollars) of all such Indebtedness or Guarantees either alone or when aggregated 
with all other Indebtedness or Guarantees which shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied or is so declared 
or becomes due and payable or is called, as the case may be, shall be more than U.S.$10,000,000 (or 
its equivalent in any other currency); or 
 
Repudiation: SIB (acting in any capacity) repudiates or challenges the valid, legal, binding and 
enforceable nature of any or any part of a Transaction Document to which it is a party or does or 
causes to be done any act or thing evidencing an intention to repudiate or challenge the valid, legal, 
binding and enforceable nature of any Transaction Document to which it is a party; or 
 
Illegality: at any time it is or will become unlawful for SIB (acting in any capacity) to perform or 
comply with any or all of its obligations under or in respect of the Transaction Documents or any of

--- Page 149 ---
135 
 
the obligations of SIB (acting in any capacity) under the Transaction Documents are not, or cease to 
be legal, valid, binding and enforceable; or 
 
Moratorium: if SIB for any reason declares a moratorium on the payment of any Indebtedness or 
in respect of any Guarantee of any Indebtedness given by it; or 
 
Failure to take action etc: any action, condition or thing (including the obtaining or effecting of 
any necessary consent, approval, authorisation, exemption, filing, licence, order, recording or 
registration) at any time required to be taken, fulfilled or done in order: 
(i) 
to enable SIB (acting in any capacity) lawfully to enter into, exercise its rights and 
perform and comply with its obligations under and in respect of the Transaction 
Documents; or 
(ii) 
to ensure that those obligations are legal, valid, binding and enforceable, 
is not taken, fulfilled or done and, in each case, is incapable of remedy or, if, in the opinion of the 
Delegate, is capable of remedy, is not, in the opinion of the Delegate, remedied within 14 days after 
written notice requiring remedy shall have been given to SIB by the Delegate; or 
 
Insolvency etc: if any one of the following events shall occur and be continuing: 
(i) 
SIB or any of its Material Subsidiaries takes any corporate action or other steps are taken 
or legal proceedings are started for its winding-up, nationalisation, dissolution, 
bankruptcy, administration or reorganisation (whether by way of voluntary arrangement, 
scheme of arrangement or otherwise) or for the appointment of a liquidator, receiver, 
administrator, administrative receiver, conservator, custodian, trustee or similar officer 
of it or of any substantial part or all of its revenues and assets, except for the purposes of 
and followed by a reconstruction, amalgamation, reorganisation, merger or consolidation 
(1) on terms approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Certificateholders or (2) in 
the case of a Material Subsidiary, whereby the undertaking and assets of the Material 
Subsidiary are transferred to or otherwise vested in SIB or another Subsidiary of SIB; 
(ii) 
SIB or any of its Material Subsidiaries is (or is deemed by a court or any applicable 
legislation to be) insolvent or bankrupt or unable to pay all or a material part of its debts 
as the same fall due, or stops, suspends or threatens to stop or suspend payment of all or 
a material part of its debts; 
(iii) 
SIB or any of its Material Subsidiaries take any action or commences any negotiations or 
proceedings with a view to (1) the general readjustment or rescheduling of all or a 
material part of its debts, or (2) any deferment of any of its obligations or (3) making a 
general assignment or an arrangement or composition or conciliation with or for the 
benefit of its creditors in respect of all or a material part of its debts; or 
(iv) 
SIB or any of its Material Subsidiaries ceases to carry on the whole or a substantial part 
of its business except for the purposes of and followed by a reconstruction, 
amalgamation, reorganisation, merger or consolidation (1) on terms approved by an 
Extraordinary Resolution of the Certificateholders or (2) in the case of a Material 
Subsidiary, whereby the undertaking and assets of the Material Subsidiary are transferred 
to or otherwise vested in SIB or another Subsidiary of SIB; or 
 
Creditor’s process: any expropriation, execution, attachment, distress, sequestration or other similar 
legal process made pursuant to a court order or judgment or arising by virtue of any law or regulation 
affects the whole or any substantial part of the property of SIB or any of its Material Subsidiaries 
and is not discharged within 30 days; or 
 
Unsatisfied judgments: the aggregate amount of all unsatisfied judgments, decrees or orders of 
courts or other appropriate law enforcement bodies for the payment of money against SIB or any of 
its Material Subsidiaries in the aggregate exceeds U.S.$10,000,000 (or the equivalent thereof in any 
other currency or currencies) and there is a period of 30 days following the entry thereof or, if later,

--- Page 150 ---
136 
 
the date therein specified for payment during which such judgment, decree or order is not appealed, 
discharged, waived or the execution thereof stayed; or 
 
Enforcement of security: any Security Interest present or future, created or assumed by SIB or any 
of its Material Subsidiaries in respect of all or a material part of the property, assets or revenues of 
SIB or any of its Material Subsidiaries, as the case may be, becomes enforceable and any step is 
taken to enforce it (including the taking of possession or the appointment of a receiver, administrative 
receiver, manager or other similar person); or 
 
Government action: by or under the authority of any government or governmental body: 
(i) 
the management of SIB or any of its Material Subsidiaries is wholly or partially displaced 
or the authority of SIB or any of its Material Subsidiaries in the conduct of its business 
is wholly or partially curtailed; or 
(ii) 
all or a majority of the issued shares of SIB or any of its Material Subsidiaries or the 
whole or a substantial part of their respective revenues or assets is seized, nationalised, 
expropriated or compulsorily acquired; or 
 
Analogous event: any event occurs which has an analogous effect to any of the events referred to in 
paragraphs (i)(Insolvency etc), (j)(Creditor’s process) and (l)(Enforcement of security) (inclusive) 
above. 
For the purposes of the negative pledge to be given by SIB and SIB Events: 
Guarantee means, in relation to any Indebtedness or Relevant Indebtedness of any person, any obligation of another 
person to pay such Indebtedness or Relevant Indebtedness following demand or claim on that person including (without 
limitation): 
 
any obligation to purchase such Indebtedness or Relevant Indebtedness; 
 
any obligation to extend financing, to purchase or subscribe shares or other securities or to purchase 
assets or services in order to provide funds for the payment of such Indebtedness or Relevant 
Indebtedness; 
 
any indemnity against the consequences of a default in the payment of such Indebtedness or Relevant 
Indebtedness; and 
 
any other agreement to be responsible for such Indebtedness or Relevant Indebtedness. 
Indebtedness means any present or future indebtedness of any person for or in respect of any money borrowed or raised 
including (without limitation) any money or liability arising under or in respect of any acceptance or acceptance credit 
or evidenced by any notes, sukuk, bonds, debentures, debenture stock, loan stock or other securities or any moneys 
raised under any transaction having the commercial effect of borrowing or raising money. 
Material Subsidiary means, at any time, any Subsidiary: 
 
whose total assets (consolidated, in the case of a Subsidiary which itself has Subsidiaries) exceed 5 
per cent. of the consolidated total assets of SIB; or 
 
whose revenues (consolidated, in the case of a Subsidiary which itself has Subsidiaries) exceed 5 per 
cent. of the consolidated net operating revenues of SIB. 
Non-recourse Project Financing means any financing of all or part of the costs of the acquisition, construction or 
development of any project, provided that (a) any Security Interest given by SIB or the relevant Material Subsidiary, 
as the case may be, is limited solely to assets of the project, (b) the person providing such financing expressly agrees 
to limit its recourse to the project financed and the revenues derived from such project as the principal source of 
repayment for the monies advanced, and (c) there is no other recourse to SIB or the relevant Material Subsidiary, as 
the case may be, in respect of any default by any person under the financing.

--- Page 151 ---
137 
 
Permitted Security Interest means: 
 
any Security Interest securing any Relevant Indebtedness of a person existing at the time that such 
person is merged into, or consolidated with SIB or the relevant Material Subsidiary, as the case may 
be, provided that such Security Interest was not created in contemplation of such merger or 
consolidation and does not extend to any other assets or property of SIB or the relevant Material 
Subsidiary, as the case may be; 
 
any Security Interest arising by operation of law, provided that such Security Interest is discharged 
within 30 days of arising; 
 
any Security Interest existing on any property or assets prior to the acquisition thereof by SIB or the 
relevant Material Subsidiary, as the case may be, provided that such Security Interest was not created 
in contemplation of such acquisition and does not extend to other assets or property of SIB or the 
relevant Material Subsidiary, as the case may be (other than proceeds of such acquired assets or 
property), and provided that the maximum amount of Relevant Indebtedness thereafter secured by 
such Security Interest does not exceed the purchase price of such property or the Relevant 
Indebtedness incurred solely for the purpose of financing the acquisition of such property; or 
 
any renewal of or substitution for any Security Interest permitted by any of paragraphs (a) to (c) 
(inclusive) of this definition, provided that with respect to any such Security Interest the principal 
amount secured has not increased and the Security Interest has not been extended to any additional 
assets (other than the proceeds of such assets). 
Relevant Indebtedness means (a) any Indebtedness, other than Indebtedness incurred in connection with a Non-
recourse Project Financing or a Securitisation, which is in the form of, or represented or evidenced by, bonds, notes, 
debentures, loan stock or other securities which for the time being are, or are intended to be or are capable of being, 
quoted, listed, dealt in or traded on any stock exchange, over-the-counter or other securities market, and (b) any 
Relevant Sukuk Obligation. 
Relevant Sukuk Obligation means any undertaking or other obligation, other than any undertaking or obligation 
incurred in connection with a Non-recourse Project Financing or a Securitisation, to pay any money given in connection 
with the issue of trust certificates or other similar securities, whether or not in return for consideration of any kind, 
which for the time being are, or are intended to be or are capable of being, quoted, listed, dealt in or traded on any 
stock exchange, over-the-counter or other securities market. 
Securitisation means any securitisation of existing or future assets and/or revenues, provided that (a) any Security 
Interest given by SIB or the relevant Material Subsidiary, as the case may be, in connection therewith is limited solely 
to the assets and/or revenues which are the subject of the securitisation, (b) each person participating in such 
securitisation expressly agrees to limit its recourse to the assets and/or revenues so securitised as the principal source of 
repayment for the money advanced or payment of any other liability, and (c) there is no other recourse to SIB or the 
relevant Material Subsidiary, as the case may be, in respect of any default by any person under the securitisation. 
Security Interest means any mortgage, pledge, lien, charge, assignment by way of security, hypothecation or other 
security interest including, without limitation, any other agreement or arrangement having the effect of conferring 
security. 
Subsidiary means in relation to any person (the first person) at any particular time, any other person (the second 
person): 
 
whose affairs and policies the first person controls or has power to control, whether by ownership of 
share capital, contract, the power to appoint or remove members of the governing body of the second 
person or otherwise; or 
 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted accounting 
principles, consolidated with those of the first person. 
SIB will also agree in the Purchase Undertaking that all payments by it under the Purchase Undertaking will be made 
free and clear of, and without any deduction or withholding for or on account of any Taxes (as defined therein) unless 
required by law and (save as set out therein) without set off or counterclaim of any kind and, in the event that there is

--- Page 152 ---
138 
 
any deduction or withholding, SIB shall pay all additional amounts as will result in the receipt by the Trustee of such 
net amounts as would have been received by it if no such deduction or withholding had been made. The payment 
obligations of SIB under the Purchase Undertaking will be direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the 
provisions described above) unsecured obligations of SIB which rank at least pari passu with all other present and 
future unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of SIB save for such obligations as may be preferred by provisions 
of law that are both mandatory and of general application. 
Sale Undertaking 
The Amended and Restated Sale Undertaking will be executed as a deed on 20 December 2021 by SIB Sukuk Company 
III Limited (in its capacity as Trustee) in favour of SIB and will be governed by English law. 
Pursuant to the Sale Undertaking and subject to the Trustee being entitled to redeem the Certificates of the relevant 
Series for tax reasons in accordance with Condition 10.2 (Early Dissolution for Tax Reasons), SIB will, by exercising 
its right under the Sale Undertaking and serving an exercise notice on the Trustee no later than 45 days prior to the Tax 
Dissolution Date, be able to oblige the Trustee to sell all of its rights, title, interests, benefits and entitlements in, to and 
under the relevant Portfolio at the relevant Exercise Price. In addition, if the Optional Dissolution Right (Call) is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, SIB will, by exercising its right under the Sale Undertaking 
and serving an exercise notice on the Trustee no later than 45 days prior to the relevant Optional Dissolution Date, be 
able to oblige the Trustee to sell all of its rights, title, interests, benefits and entitlements in, to and under the relevant 
Portfolio at the relevant Exercise Price. 
For these purposes, the Exercise Price will be an amount equal to the aggregate of: 
 
(where the Certificates of the relevant Series are to be redeemed for tax reasons in accordance with 
Condition 10.2 (Early Dissolution for Tax Reasons)) the aggregate outstanding face amount of the 
Certificates of the relevant Series on the relevant Dissolution Date or (where the Certificates of the 
relevant Series are to be redeemed in accordance with Condition 10.3 (Dissolution at the Option of 
the Trustee)) the product of: (i) the aggregate outstanding face amount of the Certificates of the 
relevant Series on the relevant Dissolution Date; and (ii) the Optional Dissolution Amount (Call) 
Percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
 
an amount equal to all due but unpaid Periodic Distribution Amounts (if any) relating to the 
Certificates; and 
 
(only where no Certificate remains outstanding following exercise of such rights), an amount equal 
to the sum of any outstanding: (i) amounts payable in respect of any Liquidity Facility; and (ii) any 
Service Agency Liabilities Amounts. 
SIB will be able to exercise its rights under the Sale Undertaking to effect the in kind substitution of Assets, subject to 
any substitute Assets being Eligible Assets of a Value not less than the Value of the Substituted Assets. SIB will also 
be able to exercise its rights under the Sale Undertaking (following any purchase of Certificates by SIB or any 
Subsidiary of SIB pursuant to Condition 13 (Purchase and Cancellation of Certificates)) to provide for the transfer, 
assignment and conveyance to it of an undivided ownership interest (the Cancellation Interest) in the relevant 
Portfolio calculated as the ratio, expressed as a percentage, of the aggregate face amount of the relevant Certificates to 
be cancelled (the Cancellation Certificates) to the aggregate face amount of the Certificates of the relevant Series 
immediately prior to the cancellation of such Cancellation Certificates, all as more particularly described in the Sale 
Undertaking. The Cancellation Interest will be specified in a cancellation notice and will have a Value no greater than 
the aggregate face amount of the Certificates of the relevant Series so purchased. Transfer of the Cancellation Interest 
will occur against cancellation of such Certificates by the Principal Paying Agent pursuant to the Conditions. 
To the extent that there are any outstanding: (a) amounts payable in respect of any Liquidity Facility; or (b) Service 
Agency Liabilities Amounts, on any exercise under the Sale Undertaking (and service of an exercise notice), such 
amounts shall be set-off in full against the Exercise Price payable by SIB under the Sale Undertaking and any Sale 
Agreement.

--- Page 153 ---
139 
 
Master Trust Deed 
The Amended and Restated Master Trust Deed will be entered into on 20 December 2021 between SIB, the Trustee and 
the Delegate and will be governed by English law. A Supplemental Trust Deed between the same parties will be entered 
into on the Issue Date of each Series and will also be governed by English law. 
Upon issue of the Global Certificate initially representing any Series, the Master Trust Deed and the relevant Supplemental 
Trust Deed shall together constitute the Trust declared by the Trustee in relation to such Series. 
The Trust Assets in respect of each Series comprise (unless otherwise specified in the relevant Supplemental Trust Deed), 
inter alia, the Trustee’s rights, title, interest and benefit, present and future, in, to and under the relevant Portfolio, its 
rights, title, interest and benefit, present and future, in, to and under the Transaction Documents (other than: (i) in relation 
to any representations given to the Trustee by SIB pursuant to any of the Transaction Documents and any rights which 
have been expressly waived by the Trustee in any of the Transaction Documents; and (ii) the covenant given to the Trustee 
pursuant to Clause 13.1 of the Master Trust Deed) and any amounts standing to the credit of the relevant Transaction 
Account. 
If and to the extent the Trustee has exercised its rights under Condition 21 (Further Issues) to issue additional 
Certificates in respect of a Series, on the date of issue of such additional Certificates, the Trustee will execute a 
declaration of commingling of Trust Assets for and on behalf of the holders of the existing Certificates and the holders 
of such additional Certificates so issued, declaring that the additional Assets transferred to the Trustee (in respect of 
the issuance of the additional Certificates) and the Assets comprising the Portfolio immediately prior to the acquisition 
of the additional Assets (in respect of the relevant Series as in existence immediately prior to the issue of such additional 
Certificates) are commingled and shall collectively comprise part of the Trust Assets for the benefit of the holders of 
the existing Certificates and the holders of such additional Certificates as tenants in common pro rata according to the 
face amount of Certificates held by each Certificateholder, in accordance with the Master Trust Deed. 
Each Trust Deed will specify that, on or after the relevant Scheduled Dissolution Date or, as the case may be, 
Dissolution Date of a Series, the rights of recourse in respect of the relevant Certificates shall be limited to the amounts 
from time to time available and comprising the Trust Assets of that Series, subject to the priority of payments set out 
in the Trust Deed, the relevant Certificates and the Conditions. The Certificateholders have no claim or recourse against 
SIB Sukuk Company III Limited in respect of any amount which is or remains unsatisfied and any unsatisfied amounts 
will be extinguished. 
Pursuant to the Trust Deed, the Trustee will, in relation to each Series, inter alia: 
 
hold the relevant Trust Assets on trust absolutely for the relative Certificateholders pro rata 
according to the face amount of Certificates held by each Certificateholder; and 
 
act as trustee in respect of the relevant Trust Assets, distribute the income from the relevant Trust 
Assets and perform its duties in accordance with the provisions of the Trust Deed. 
In the Master Trust Deed, the Trustee by way of security for the performance of all covenants, obligations and duties 
of the Trustee to the Certificateholders will irrevocably and unconditionally: 
 
appoints the Delegate to be its attorney and in its name and on its behalf to execute, deliver and 
perfect all documents and to exercise all the present and future powers, trusts, authorities and 
discretions (including but not limited to the authority to request instructions from any 
Certificateholders and the power to sub-delegate and to make any determinations to be made under 
the Trust Deed) vested in the Trustee by the Trust Deed and the other Transaction Documents that 
the Delegate may consider to be necessary or desirable upon the occurrence of a Dissolution Event 
or a Potential Dissolution Event; and 
 
subject to it being indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction to perform the 
present and future duties, powers, authorities and discretions vested in the Trustee by the relevant 
provisions of the Trust Deed and any of the other Transaction Documents (provided that no 
obligations, duties, liabilities or covenants of the Trustee pursuant to this Master Trust Deed or any 
other Transaction Document shall be imposed on the Delegate by virtue of such delegation) and 
make such distributions from the Trust Assets as the Trustee is bound to make in accordance with 
the Trust Deed.

--- Page 154 ---
140 
 
The delegation made under the Master Trust Deed shall become effective from the date of the Master Trust Deed 
provided that in no circumstances will such delegation result in the Delegate holding on trust the Trust Assets. However, 
the appointment of such delegate by the Trustee is intended to be in the interests of the Certificateholders and will not 
affect the Trustee’s continuing role and obligations as trustee. 
The Trustee will undertake in the Master Trust Deed that, following it becoming aware of the occurrence of a 
Dissolution Event in respect of any Series and subject to Condition 14 (Dissolution Events) it shall: (a) promptly notify 
the relevant Certificateholders of the occurrence of such Dissolution Event. Subject to the Delegate being indemnified 
and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction against all liabilities to which it may thereby render itself liable or 
which it may incur by so doing, the Delegate may take all such steps as are necessary to enforce the obligations of SIB 
(in whatever capacity it is acting) under the relevant Trust Deed and any other Transaction Document to which SIB (in 
whatever capacity) is a party. 
Pursuant to the relevant Trust Deed, SIB will also undertake to the Trustee that if: 
(a) 
at the time of delivery of the exercise notice in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase 
Undertaking, SIB (acting in any capacity) remains in actual or constructive possession, custody or 
control of all or any part of the Portfolio; and 
(b) 
following delivery of the exercise notice in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase 
Undertaking, the Portfolio Exercise Price or the Certificateholder Put Right Exercise Price is not 
paid in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase Undertaking for any reason whatsoever, 
SIB shall (as an independent, severable and separately enforceable obligation) fully indemnify the Trustee for the 
purpose of redemption in full of the relevant Certificates and, accordingly, the amount payable under any such 
indemnity claim will equal the relevant relevant Exercise Price. 
The Master Trust Deed specifies, inter alia, that in relation to each Series: 
 
following enforcing or realising the relevant Trust Asset and distributing the net proceeds of the 
Trust Assets in respect of the relevant Series to the Certificateholders in accordance with the 
Conditions and the relevant Trust Deed the obligations of the Trustee in respect of the Certificates 
shall be satisfied and the right of the Certificateholders to receive any further sums shall be 
extinguished and neither the Trustee nor the Delegate shall be liable for any further sums and, 
accordingly, the relevant Certificateholders may not take any action against the Trustee, the Delegate 
or any other person to recover any such sum or asset in respect of the relevant Certificates or the 
relevant Trust Assets; 
 
no Certificateholder shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Trustee and/or SIB, or provide 
instructions (not otherwise permitted by the Trust Deed) to the Delegate to proceed against the 
Trustee and/or SIB under any Transaction Document unless the Delegate having become bound so 
to proceed, fails to do so within a reasonable period of becoming so bound and such failure is 
continuing. Under no circumstances shall the Delegate or any Certificateholders have any right to 
cause the sale or other disposition of any of the relevant Trust Assets (other than pursuant to the 
Transaction Documents), and the sole right of the Delegate and the Certificateholders against the 
Trustee and SIB shall be to enforce their respective obligations under the Transaction Documents; 
 
the Delegate shall not be bound in any circumstances to take any action to enforce or realise the 
relevant Trust Assets or take any action against the Trustee and/or SIB under any Transaction 
Document unless directed or requested to do so: (a) by an Extraordinary Resolution; or (b) in writing 
by the holders of at least one-fifth of the then aggregate outstanding face amount of the Certificates 
of the relevant Series and in either case then only if it is indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded 
to its satisfaction against all liabilities to which it may thereby render itself liable or which it may 
incur by so doing provided that the Delegate shall not be held liable for the consequences of 
exercising its discretion or taking any such action and may do so without having regard to the effect 
of such action on individual Certificateholders; and 
 
after enforcing or realising the relevant Trust Assets and distributing the net proceeds of the relevant 
Trust Assets in accordance with the terms of the relevant Trust Deed, the obligations of the Trustee 
and the Delegate in respect of the Series shall be satisfied and no Certificateholder may take any

--- Page 155 ---
141 
 
further steps against the Trustee and the Delegate to recover any further sums in respect of the 
relevant Series and the right to receive any such sums unpaid shall be extinguished. In particular, no 
holder of the Certificates of the relevant Series shall be entitled in respect thereof to petition or to 
take any other steps for the winding-up of SIB Sukuk Company III Limited. 
Shari’a Compliance 
Each Transaction Document provides that, to the extent permitted by law, each of the Trustee (to the extent it is a party 
to the relevant Transaction Document) and SIB (to the extent it is a party to the relevant Transaction Document), as the 
case may be, agrees that it has accepted the Shari’a compliant nature of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party 
and further agrees that:  
 
it shall not claim that any of its obligations under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party 
(or any provision thereof) is ultra vires or not compliant with the principles of Shari’a;  
 
it shall not take any steps or bring any proceedings in any forum to challenge the Shari’a compliance 
of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party; and  
 
none of its obligations under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party shall in any way be 
diminished, abrogated, impaired, invalidated or otherwise adversely affected by any finding, 
declaration, pronouncement, order or judgment of any court, tribunal or other body that the 
Transaction Documents to which it is a party are not compliant with the principles of Shari’a.

--- Page 156 ---
142 
 
TAXATION 
The following is a general description of certain tax considerations relating to Certificates issued under the 
Programme. It does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Certificates. 
Prospective purchasers of any Certificates should consult their tax advisers as to the consequences under the tax 
laws of the country of which they are resident for tax purposes of acquiring, holding and disposing of the relevant 
Certificates and receiving payments under those Certificates. This summary is based upon the law as in effect on 
the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any change in law that may take effect after such date. 
United Arab Emirates 
The following summary of the anticipated tax treatment in the UAE in relation to payments on the Certificates is 
based on the taxation law in force at the date of this Base Prospectus, and does not constitute legal or tax advice. 
Prospective investors should be aware that the relevant fiscal rules and practice and their interpretation may 
change. 
There is currently in force, in Sharjah legislation, a general corporate taxation regime, the Sharjah Income Tax 
Decree 1969 (as amended). The regime is, however, not enforced save in respect of companies active in the oil 
industry and some related service industries. It is not known whether the legislation will or will not be enforced 
more generally or within other industry sectors in the future. Branches of foreign banks operating in the UAE are 
also taxed under specific regulations at the Emirates level. Under current legislation, there is no requirement for 
withholding or deduction for or on account of UAE or Sharjah taxation in respect of payments made under the 
Transaction Documents. If any such withholding or deduction is required to be made in respect of payments due 
by SIB under any Transaction Document to which it is party, SIB has undertaken to gross-up the payments due by 
it accordingly. If any such withholding or deduction is required to be made in respect of payments due by the 
Trustee under the Certificates: (i) the Trustee has undertaken to gross-up the payment(s) accordingly (subject to 
certain limited exceptions); and (ii) SIB has undertaken to pay such additional amounts to the Trustee to enable it 
to discharge such obligation. 
The Constitution of the UAE specifically reserves to the Federal Government of the UAE the right to raise taxes 
on a federal basis for the purposes of funding its budget. It is not known whether this right will be exercised in the 
future, and how any future federal tax laws will interact with the ones existing in the Emirates. 
The UAE has entered into double taxation arrangements with certain other countries. 
Cayman Islands 
The following is a discussion on certain Cayman Islands income tax consequences of an investment in Certificates 
to be issued under the Programme. The discussion is a general summary of present law, which is subject to 
prospective and retroactive change. It is not intended as tax advice, does not consider any investor’s particular 
circumstances and does not consider tax consequences other than those arising under Cayman Islands law. 
Under existing Cayman Islands laws, payments on Certificates to be issued under the Programme will not be subject 
to taxation in the Cayman Islands and no withholding will be required on the payments to any holder of Certificates 
nor will gains derived from the disposal of Certificates be subject to Cayman Islands income or corporation tax. 
The Cayman Islands currently have no income, corporation or capital gains tax and no estate duty, inheritance or 
gift tax. 
Subject as set out below, no capital or stamp duties are levied in the Cayman Islands on the issue, transfer or 
redemption of Certificates. An instrument transferring title to any Certificates, if brought to or executed in the Cayman 
Islands, would be subject to Cayman Islands stamp duty. An annual registration fee is payable by the Trustee to the 
Cayman Islands Registrar of Companies which is calculated by reference to the nominal amount of its authorised 
capital. At current rates, this annual registration fee is approximately U.S.$853.66. 
The foregoing is based on current law and practice in the Cayman Islands and this is subject to change therein. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, commonly known as 
FATCA, a foreign financial institution (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments 
it makes (foreign passthru payments) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related 
requirements.  SIB is a foreign financial institution for these purposes.  A number of jurisdictions (including the 
UAE and the Cayman Islands) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements

--- Page 157 ---
143 
 
(IGAs) with the United States to implement FATCA, which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their 
jurisdictions. Under the provisions of the IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA 
jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it 
makes.  Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as Certificates, 
including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on 
instruments such as Certificates, are uncertain and may be subject to change.  Even if withholding would be 
required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as Certificates, such 
withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the publication of the final regulations defining 
"foreign passthru payments" and Certificates that are treated as debt for U.S. federal income purposes and that are 
issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru 
payments are published generally would be grandfathered for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially 
modified after such date. However, if additional certificates that are not distinguishable from previously issued 
Certificates are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under 
FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Certificates, including the Certificates offered prior to the expiration 
of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. Certificateholders should consult their own 
tax advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in Certificates. In the event any withholding 
would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the Certificates, no person will be 
required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding 
 
The proposed financial transactions tax (FTT) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the Commission’s Proposal) for a 
Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, 
Slovenia and Slovakia (the participating Member States). However, Estonia has since stated that it will not 
participate. 
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the 
Certificates (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. Primary market transactions 
referred to in Article 5(c) of Regulation (EC) No 1287/2006 are expected to be exempt. 
Under the Commission’s Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and outside 
of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Certificates where at least 
one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. A financial 
institution may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a participating Member State in a broad range of 
circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member State or (b) where 
the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the participating Member States and the scope 
of any such tax is uncertain. Additional EU Member States may decide to participate. Prospective holders of the 
Certificates are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 158 ---
144 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have, in an amended and restated programme agreement (the Programme Agreement) dated 20 
December 2021, agreed with the Trustee and SIB a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time 
agree to purchase Certificates. Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under “Terms and 
Conditions of the Certificates”. In the Programme Agreement, each of the Trustee and SIB has agreed to reimburse 
the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with the establishment and any future update of the 
Programme and the issue, offer and sale of Certificates under the Programme. 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS  
United States 
The Certificates have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except pursuant to an exemption from, 
or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that, 
except as permitted by the Programme Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver Certificates: (i) as part of their 
distribution at any time; or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of the Certificates 
comprising the relevant Series within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except 
in accordance with Regulation S or pursuant to an available exemption from or in a transaction not subjcet to, 
registration under the Securities Act, and such Dealer will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Certificates 
during the distribution compliance period relating thereto a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions 
on offers and sales of the Certificates within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
In addition, until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of Certificates comprising the relevant Series, any 
offer or sale of Certificates within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) 
may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in 
accordance with an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Terms used in these paragraphs have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act.  
Public Offer Selling Restrictions under the Prospectus Regulation 
In relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area (each, a Relevant State), each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Certificates which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public in that 
Relevant State other than: 
 
to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
 
to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Trustee or SIB for any such offer; or 
 
in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation,  
provided that no such offer of Certificates shall require the Trustee, SIB or any Dealer to publish a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an offer of Certificates to the public in relation to any Certificates 
in any Relevant State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer and the Certificates to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe 
for Certificates; and the expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
United Kingdom 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that:

--- Page 159 ---
145 
 
 
in relation to any Certificates which have a maturity of less than one year: (i) it is a person whose 
ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not 
offer or sell any Certificates other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in 
acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the 
purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or 
dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue 
of the Certificates would otherwise constitute a contravention of section 19 of the FSMA by the 
Trustee; 
 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to 
be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any 
Certificates in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Trustee 
or SIB; and 
 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Certificates in, from or otherwise involving the United 
Kingdom. 
Public Offer Selling Restrictions under the UK Prospectus Regulation 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Certificates which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final Terms in relation thereto to 
the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Certificates to the public in the United 
Kingdom: 
 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation;   
 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the 
prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Trustee for any such offer; or  
 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA,  
provided that no such offer of Certificates referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require Trustee, SIB or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the 
UK Prospectus Regulation.  
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an offer of Certificates to the public in relation to any Certificates 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the 
Certificates to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Certificates and the 
expression UK Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA.  
Cayman Islands 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that no offer or invitation, whether directly or indirectly, to subscribe for the Certificates 
has been or will be made to the public in the Cayman Islands. 
Japan 
The Certificates have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the FIEA). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not, directly 
or indirectly, offered or sold and will not directly or indirectly offer or sell any Certificates, in Japan or to, or for 
the benefit of, any resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any person resident in Japan including any 
corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan), or to others for re-offering or re-sale, directly or 
indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the

--- Page 160 ---
146 
 
registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other relevant laws and 
regulations of Japan. 
United Arab Emirates (excluding the Dubai International Financial Centre) 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that the Certificates have not been and will not be offered, sold or publicly promoted or 
advertised by it in the UAE other than in compliance with any laws applicable in the United Arab Emirates governing 
the issue, offering and sale of securities. 
Dubai International Financial Centre 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has not offered and will not offer the Certificates to any person in the Dubai 
International Financial Centre unless such offer is: 
 
an “Exempt Offer” in accordance with the Market Rules (MKT) Module of the Dubai Financial 
Services Authority (the DFSA) rulebook; and 
 
made only to persons who meet the Professional Client criteria set out in Rule 2.3.3 of the DFSA 
Conduct of Business Module of the DFSA rulebook. 
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia 
No action has been or will be taken in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia that would permit a public offering of the 
Certificates. Any investor in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia or who is a Saudi person (a Saudi Investor) who 
acquires any Certificates pursuant to an offering should note that the offer of Certificates is a private placement 
under the "Rules on the Offer of Securities and Continuing Obligations" as issued by the Board of the Capital 
Market Authority (the CMA) resolution number 3-123-2017 dated 27 December 2017, as amended (the KSA 
Regulations), made through a person authorised by the CMA to carry on the securities activity of arranging and 
following a notification to the CMA and, in each case, in accordance with the KSA Regulations. 
The Certificates may thus not be advertised, offered or sold to any person in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia other 
than to "sophisticated investors" under Article 9 of the KSA Regulations or by way of a limited offer under Article 
10 of the KSA Regulations or as otherwise required by the KSA Regulations. Each Dealer has represented and 
agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that any 
offer of Certificates to a Saudi Investor will be made in compliance with the KSA Regulations. 
Each offer of Certificates shall not therefore constitute a "public offer", an "exempt offer" or a "parallel market 
offer" pursuant to the KSA Regulations, but is subject to the restrictions on secondary market activity under the 
KSA Regulations. Any Saudi Investor who has acquired Certificates pursuant to a private placement under Article 
9 or Article 10 of the KSA Regulations may not offer or sell those Certificates to any person unless the offer or 
sale is made in compliance with the restrictions on secondary market activity under the KSA Regulations. 
Kingdom of Bahrain 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and undertaken, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent, warrant and undertake, that it has not offered or sold, and will not offer or sell, any 
Certificates, except on a private placement basis, to persons in the Kingdom of Bahrain who are "accredited 
investors". 
For this purpose, an “accredited investor” means: 
 
an individual holding financial assets (either singly or jointly with a spouse) of U.S.$1,000,000 
or more excluding that person's principal place of residence; 
 
a company, partnership, trust or other commercial undertaking which has financial assets 
available for investment of not less than U.S.$1,000,000; or 
 
a government, supranational organisation, central bank or other national monetary authority or a 
state organisation whose main activity is to invest in financial instruments (such as a state pension 
fund).

--- Page 161 ---
147 
 
State of Qatar 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold, and will not offer or sell at any time, directly or indirectly, any 
Certificates in the State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre), except (i) in compliance with all applicable 
laws and regulations of the State of Qatar; and (ii) through persons or corporate entities authorised and licensed to 
provide investment advice and/or engage in brokerage activity and/or trade in respect of foreign securities in the State 
of Qatar.  This Base Prospectus (i) has not been, and will not be, registered with or approved by the Qatar Financial 
Markets Authority, the Qatar Central Bank, the Qatar Stock Exchange or the Qatar Financial Centre Regulatory 
Authority and may not be publicly distributed in the State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre); (ii) is 
intended for the original recipient only and must not be provided to any other person; and (iii) is not for general 
circulation in the State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre) and may not be reproduced or used for any 
other purpose. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge that this Base Prospectus has not been and will not be registered as a prospectus with the Monetary 
Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that it has not offered or sold any Certificates or 
caused the Certificates to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell 
any Certificates or cause the Certificates to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and 
has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or 
material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Certificates, whether 
directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than: (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 
4A of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289 of Singapore) (as modified or amended from time to time, the 
SFA)) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA; (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) 
pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance 
with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA; or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the 
conditions of, any other applicable provisions of the SFA. 
Where the Certificates are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one 
or more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred 
within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Certificates pursuant to an offer made under 
Section 275 of the SFA except: 
 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred 
to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities 
and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA – Unless otherwise stated in the relevant Final Terms in respect 
of any Certificates, all Certificates issued or to be issued under the Programme shall be prescribed capital markets 
products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018) and Excluded 
Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS 
Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).

--- Page 162 ---
148 
 
Hong Kong 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that: 
 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any 
Certificates, except for Certificates which are a "structured product" as defined in the Securities 
and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the SFO), other than (i) to "professional 
investors" as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO; or (ii) in other circumstances 
which do not result in the document being a “prospectus” as defined in the Companies (Winding 
Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the C(WUMP)O) or 
which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the C(WUMP)O; and 
 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, in each case whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any 
advertisement, invitation or document relating to the Certificates, which is directed at, or the 
contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public in Hong Kong (except if 
permitted to do so under the laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to any Certificates which 
are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to “professional 
investors” as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO. 
Malaysia 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that: 
 
this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Securities Commission of 
Malaysia under the Capital Markets and Services Act 2007 of Malaysia (the CMSA); and 
 
accordingly, the Certificates have not been and will not be offered, sold or delivered, and no 
invitation to subscribe for or purchase the Certificates has been or will be made, directly or 
indirectly, nor may any document or other material in connection therewith be distributed in 
Malaysia, other than to persons or in categories falling under Part I of Schedule 6 or Section 
229(1)(b) and Part I of Schedule 7 or Section 230(1)(b)) and Schedule 8 or Section 257(3), read 
together with Schedule 9 of the CMSA, subject to any law, order, regulation or official directive 
of the Central Bank of Malaysia, the Securities Commission of Malaysia and/or any other 
regulatory authority from time to time. 
Residents of Malaysia may be required to obtain relevant regulatory approvals including approval from the 
Controller of Foreign Exchange to purchase the Certificates. The onus is on the Malaysian residents concerned to 
obtain such regulatory approvals and none of the Dealers is responsible for any invitation, offer, sale or purchase 
of the Certificates as aforesaid without the necessary approvals being in place. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it 
will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws, regulations and directives 
in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers any Certificates or possesses or distributes 
this Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale 
or delivery by it of Certificates under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or 
in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and none of the Trustee, SIB, the Delegate and any 
other Dealer shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Trustee, SIB, the Delegate and any of the Dealers represents that Certificates may at any time lawfully 
be sold in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any 
exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating any such sale. Persons into whose 
possession this Base Prospectus or any Certificates may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any 
applicable restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of Certificates. 
With regard to each Series, the relevant Dealer will be required to comply with any additional restrictions agreed 
between the Trustee, SIB and the relevant Dealer and set out in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 163 ---
149 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The update of the Programme and the issue of Certificates have been duly authorised by a resolution of the Board 
of Directors of the Trustee dated 30 September 2021. The Trustee has obtained all necessary consents, approvals 
and authorisations in the Cayman Islands in connection with the issue and performance of Certificates to be issued 
under the Programme and the execution and performance of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party. 
The update of the Programme, as well as the entry into of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party was 
authorised by a resolution of the Investment Committee of SIB dated 8 August 2021. 
Listing 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Trustee in relation to the 
Certificates, and is not itself seeking admission of the Certificates to the Official List or to trading on the Euronext 
Dublin Regulated Market for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
It is expected that each Series of Certificates which is to be admitted: (i) to the Official List and to trading on the 
Euronext Dublin Regulated Market; or (ii) to the DFSA Official List and to trading on Nasdaq Dubai, will be 
admitted separately as and when issued, subject only to the issue of a Global Certificate initially representing the 
Certificates of such Series. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Irish Central Bank as competent authority under the Prospectus 
Regulation. Such approval relates only to the Certificates which are to be admitted to trading on the Euronext 
Dublin Regulated Market or any other MiFID Regulated Markets or which are to be offered to the public in any 
Relevant State. The Irish Central Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the requirements imposed 
under Irish and EU law pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation. Application will be made in respect of each trnach 
of a Series to Euronext Dublin for Certificates issued under the Programme during the 12 months from the date of 
this Base Prospectus to be admitted to listing on the Official List and admitted to trading on the Euronext Dublin 
Regulated Market. Application has also been made to the DFSA for Certificates issued under the Programme during 
the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the DFSA Official List, and to 
Nasdaq Dubai for such certificates to be admitted to trading on Nasdaq Dubai. 
However, Certificates may be issued pursuant to the Programme which will not be listed on any of Euronext Dublin, 
Nasdaq Dubai or any other stock exchange or which will be listed on such stock exchange as the Trustee, SIB and 
the relevant Dealer may agree. 
Significant or Material Change 
Save for its previous issuances of Certificates under the Programme, there has been no significant change in the 
financial position or financial performance of the Trustee and no material adverse change in the prospects of the 
Trustee, in each case, since the date of its incorporation. 
Save for the potential impact of COVID-19 as disclosed in "Risk Factors – Risks relating to SIB and its business - 
Political, economic and related risks", "– Liquidity risk", "– Credit risk", "– Concentration risk", and "– Market 
Risk", there has been no significant change in the financial position or financial performance of SIB and its 
subsidiaries, taken as a whole, since 30 June 2021 and there has been no material adverse change in the prospects 
of SIB and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, since 31 December 2020. 
Litigation 
The Trustee is not and has not been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any 
such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Trustee is aware) in the 12 months preceding the 
date of this Base Prospectus which may have or have in such period had a significant effect on the financial position 
or profitability of the Trustee. 
Neither SIB nor any of its subsidiaries has been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings 
(including any such proceedings that are pending or threatened of which SIB is aware) during the 12 months 
preceding the date of the Base Prospectus that may have or have in such period had a significant effect on the 
financial position or profitability of SIB and/or its subsidiaries, respectively.

--- Page 164 ---
150 
 
Documents Available 
For so long as any Certificates are admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin, physical copies (and English translations 
where the documents in question are not in English) of the following documents will, when published, be available, 
during usual business hours on any weekday (Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays excepted), for inspection 
electronically at the relevant website set out below and/or at the registered offices of the Trustee in the Cayman 
Islands and the offices of the Paying Agent for the time being in London: 
 
the Agency Agreement and the Master Trust Deed (https://www.sib.ae/en/personal-
banking/SukukInvestorRelations); 
 
the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Trustee and the constitutional documents 
(with an English translation thereof) of SIB (https://www.sib.ae/en/about-us/investor-relations);  
 
this Base Prospectus (https://www.sib.ae/en/personal-banking/SukukInvestorRelations); and 
 
any future supplements to the Base Prospectus and any Final Terms (save that a Final Terms 
relating to a Certificate which is neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European 
Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus 
is 
required 
to 
be 
published 
under 
the 
Prospectus 
Regulation) 
(https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin and http://www.nasdaqdubai.com). 
Clearing Systems 
The Certificates have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which are the 
entities in charge of keeping the records). The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Series will be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. If the Certificates are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system 
the appropriate information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels and the address 
of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. 
Auditors 
Since the date of incorporation, no financial statement of the Trustee have been prepared. The Trustee is not 
required by Cayman Islands law, and does not intend, to publish audited financial statements or appoint any 
auditors. 
The current auditors of SIB are PricewaterhouseCoopers – Dubai Branch (PwC) (license no. 102451), of Emaar 
Square, Building 5, Level 8, P.O. Box 11987, Dubai, UAE. PwC has audited the 2019 Financial Statements and 
2018 Financial Statements, without qualification, in accordance with International Standards on Auditing and has 
reviewed the Q3 2021 Financial Statements and the H1 2020 Financial Statements in accordance with the 
International Standards on Review Engagements 2410, "Review of Interim Financial Informaion Performed by the 
Independent Auditor of the Entity". 
Dealers transacting with SIB 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, SIB (and its affiliates) in the ordinary course 
of business for which they have received, and for which they may in the future receive, fees. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a 
broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and 
financial instruments (including bank financing/loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their 
customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of SIB or its 
affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a financing relationship with SIB and its affiliates 
routinely hedge their credit exposure to SIB and its affiliates consistent with its customary risk management 
policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by, including but not limited to, 
the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Certificates issued under the Programme. Any 
such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Certificates issued under the Programme. The 
Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent 
research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that 
they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments.

--- Page 165 ---
151 
 
SIB's Website 
SIB's website is https://www.sib.ae. The information contained on this website does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus unless that information is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
Shari'a Approvals 
The transaction structure relating to the Certificates (as described in this Base Prospectus) and the Transaction 
Documents have been approved by each of the Internal Shari'a Supervisory Committee of SIB and the Global 
Shariah Supervisory Committee of Standard Chartered Bank. Prospective Certificateholders should not rely on 
any of the approvals referred to above in deciding whether to make an investment in the Certificates and should 
consult their own Shari'a advisers as to whether the proposed transaction is in compliance with Shari'a principles. 
Description of the members of the Internal Sharia Supervisory Committee of SIB and the Global Shariah 
Supervisory Committee of Standard Chartered Bank 
Internal Sharia Supervisory Committee of SIB 
Please see "Description of Sharjah Islamic Bank PJSC – Industry Regulations and Compliance – Internal Shari'a 
Supervisory Committee (ISSC)". 
Global Shariah Supervisory Committee of Standard Chartered Bank 
Dr. Aznan Hasan 
Dr. Aznan Hasan is an Associate Professor in Islamic Law at Ahmad Ibrahim Kulliyyah of Laws, International 
Islamic University Malaysia and has taught Islamic law there since 2003. He is also the President of the Association 
of Shariah Advisors in Islamic Finance and has been the Deputy Chairman of the Shariah Advisory Council, 
Securities Commission of Malaysia since July 2010. He was a member of the Shariah Advisory Council, Bank 
Negara Malaysia (from November 2006 to August 2008 and from November 2010 to October 2013). He is also 
Shari'a adviser to Maybank Islamic in Malaysia and has been advising ABSA Islamic Banking, South Africa since 
July 2010. 
Dr. Nizam Yaquby 
Dr. Nizam Yaquby studied traditional Islamic studies under the guidance of eminent Islamic scholars from different 
parts of the world. He has a BA in Economics and Comparative Religions and MSc in Finance from McGill 
University, Canada, and also holds a PhD in Islamic Law from the University of Wales. In addition to advising 
Islamic finance institutions and funds, Dr. Nizam Yaquby is a member of the Islamic Fiqh Academy and AAOIFI. 
Since 1976, Dr. Nizam Yaquby has taught Tafsir, Hadith and Fiqh in Bahrain and is a Shariah adviser to several 
international and local financial institutions worldwide. He has also published several articles and books on various 
Islamic subjects including on banking and finance. 
Dr. Mohamed Ali Elgari 
Dr. Elgari holds a PhD in Economics from the University of California. He is a professor of Islamic Economics at 
King Abdul Aziz University and an expert at the Islamic Jurisprudence Academies of the Organisation of Islamic 
Countries, having published several articles and books on Islamic finance. Dr. Elgari is a member of the Shari'a 
boards of several Islamic banks and Takaful companies, including the Shari'a board of Dow Jones International 
Islamic Fund Market. He also sits on the Shari'a boards of AAOIFI and is a member of the advisory board of 
Harvard Series on Islamic Law.

--- Page 166 ---
80144414 
TRUSTEE 
SIB Sukuk Company III Limited  
c/o MaplesFS Limited  
P.O. Box 1093  
Queensgate House  
Grand Cayman, KY1-1102  
Cayman Islands 
SIB 
Sharjah Islamic Bank PJSC  
P.O. Box 4  
Sharjah  
United Arab Emirates 
DELEGATE 
Citicorp Trustee Company Limited  
Citigroup Centre, Canada Square  
Canary Wharf  
London E14 5LB  
United Kingdom 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT AND 
TRANSFER AGENT 
Citibank N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre, Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
REGISTRAR  
Citibank Europe plc 
1 North Wall Quay 
Dublin 1 
Ireland 
 
ARRANGER AND DEALER 
Standard Chartered Bank 
7th Floor Building One, Gate Precinct 
Dubai International Financial Centre 
P.O. Box 999 
Dubai 
United Arab Emirates 
LISTING AGENT 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Trustee as to Cayman Islands law  
Maples and Calder (Dubai) LLP  
Level 14, Burj Daman  
Dubai International Financial Centre  
P.O. Box 119980  
Dubai  
United Arab Emirates

--- Page 167 ---
80144414 
To SIB as to English and UAE law  
Clifford Chance LLP  
Level 15, Burj Daman  
Dubai International Financial Centre  
P.O. Box 9380  
Dubai  
United Arab Emirates 
To the Dealer and the Delegate as to English Law 
Dentons UK and Middle East LLP 
One Fleet Place 
London 
EC4M 7WS 
United Kingdom 
To the Dealer as to UAE law 
Dentons & Co 
Level 18, Boulevard Plaza 
Burj Khalifa District 
P.O. Box 1756 
Dubai 
United Arab Emirates 
AUDITORS TO SIB 
PricewaterhouseCoopers (Dubai Branch) 
Emaar Square 
Building 5 
Level 8 
P.O. Box 11987 
Dubai 
United Arab Emirates