--- Page 1 ---
This document constitutes three base prospectuses for the purposes of article 8(1) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017, as amended (“Prospectus Regulation”): (i) the base prospectus for Siemens 
Aktiengesellschaft in respect of non-equity securities within the meaning of article 2(c) of the Prospectus Regulation (“Non-Equity 
Securities”), (ii) the base prospectus for Siemens Capital Company LLC in respect of Non-Equity Securities and (iii) the base prospectus 
for Siemens Financieringsmaatschappij N.V. in respect of Non-Equity Securities (together, “Prospectus”). 
 
 
  
SIEMENS AKTIENGESELLSCHAFT  
(A stock corporation incorporated in the Federal Republic of Germany)  
as Issuer of Instruments and as Guarantor for Instruments issued by  
Siemens Capital Company LLC and Siemens Financieringsmaatschappij N.V.  
  
SIEMENS CAPITAL COMPANY LLC  
(A limited liability company organized under the laws of the State of Delaware, United States of America)  
as Issuer of Instruments  
  
SIEMENS FINANCIERINGSMAATSCHAPPIJ N.V.  
(A public company with limited liability incorporated in The Netherlands)  
as Issuer of Instruments  
  
€35,000,000,000  
PROGRAMME FOR THE ISSUANCE OF DEBT INSTRUMENTS  
  
  
  
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for debt instruments issued under the €35,000,000,000 programme for 
the issuance of debt instruments (“Instruments” and such programme “Programme”) to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market (“Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s 
Regulated Market”), which is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments and amending Directive 2002/92/EC and Directive 2011/61/EU as amended 
(“MiFID II”). However, Instruments may also be issued under the Programme which are listed and traded on another stock exchange or 
which will not be listed and traded on any stock exchange. The minimum denomination of the Instruments issued under the Programme 
will be, if in euro, €100,000, or, if in any currency other than euro, in an amount in such other currency at least equivalent to €100,000 at 
the time of the issue of the Instruments. The Guarantor has unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed to Luther 
Rechtsanwaltsgesellschaft mbH, acting as trustee for the holders of Instruments, the payment of all amounts due under the Instruments 
issued by Siemens Capital Company LLC and Siemens Financieringsmaatschappij N.V.  
  
This Prospectus has been approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg (“CSSF”) 
in its capacity as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation and the Luxembourg law of July 16, 2019 relating to prospectuses 
for securities (Loi relative aux prospectus pour valeurs mobilières - “Luxembourg Prospectus Law”) and will be published in electronic 
form on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com).  
 
Prospective investors of the Instruments should in particular refer to Important Notice beginning on page 1 and to Risk Factors in Part B 
of this Prospectus.  
  
 
  
Arranger  
  
MORGAN STANLEY  
  
Dealers  
  
BARCLAYS 
BNP PARIBAS 
 
BOFA SECURITIES 
CITIGROUP  
 
COMMERZBANK 
CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CIB 
 
DEUTSCHE BANK  
GOLDMAN SACHS BANK EUROPE SE 
 
HSBC 
J.P. MORGAN 
 
MORGAN STANLEY 
SOCIÉTÉ GÉNÉRALE CORPORATE & INVESTMENT BANKING 
 
UBS INVESTMENT BANK 
UNICREDIT 
  
December 9, 2024

--- Page 2 ---
1 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
Each of Siemens Aktiengesellschaft with its registered offices in Munich and Berlin, Germany, 
Siemens Capital Company LLC with its registered office in Wilmington, Delaware, USA and 
Siemens Financieringsmaatschappij N.V. with its registered office in The Hague, The Netherlands 
(each an “Issuer” and together, “Issuers”) (in each case in relation to itself and in respect of the 
Instruments issued by itself only) and Siemens Aktiengesellschaft in its capacity as guarantor 
(“Guarantor”) (in relation to itself and the Instruments only) accepts responsibility for the information 
contained in this Prospectus, provided however that with regard to the information contained in the 
description of Siemens Capital Company LLC and Siemens Financieringsmaatschappij N.V., 
Siemens Aktiengesellschaft only accepts responsibility regarding the correct reproduction of such 
information. 
The CSSF has only approved this Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such an approval should not 
be considered as an endorsement of the Issuers or the Guarantor or the quality of any Instruments that 
are the subject of this Prospectus. Neither does the CSSF give any undertaking as to the economic and 
financial soundness of the operation or the quality or solvency of the Issuers or the Guarantor pursuant 
to article 6(4) Luxembourg Prospectus Law by approving this Prospectus. Investors should make their 
own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Instruments. 
Each of the Issuers declares that, to the best of its knowledge, the information contained in this 
Prospectus, for which it is responsible, is in accordance with the facts and that this Prospectus makes 
no omission likely to affect the import of such information. 
IMPORTANT NOTICE  
Prospectus 
This Prospectus is to be read and construed together with any supplement(s) thereto and with any 
other documents incorporated by reference herein. Full information on the Issuers and any Tranches 
(as defined herein) of Instruments, is only available on the basis of the combination of this Prospectus 
and the Final Terms (as defined herein) relating to such Tranche. For the avoidance of doubt, the 
information on any website referred to in this Prospectus except for the information on the website 
www.luxse.com in the context of the documents incorporated by reference, does not form part of this 
Prospectus and has not been scrutinized or approved by the CSSF.  
Exclusiveness 
No person has been authorized to give any information or to make any representation which is not 
contained in or not consistent with this Prospectus or any information supplied by the relevant Issuer in 
connection with the Programme and, if given or made, such information or representation should not be 
relied upon as having been authorized by or on behalf of the Issuers, the Guarantor, the Dealers (as 
defined below) or any of them.  
No Responsibility of the Dealers 
The arranger and the dealers (including any further dealer appointed according to the dealership 
agreement relating to the Programme dated December 9, 2024 (“Dealers”)) to the extent permitted by 
the laws of any relevant jurisdiction do not accept any responsibility as to the accuracy or completeness 
of the information contained in this Prospectus.  
Non-Significance of Delivery 
This Prospectus is valid until its expiration on December 9, 2025. There is no obligation to 
supplement this Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material 
inaccuracies when this Prospectus is no longer valid. This Prospectus and any supplement(s) thereto 
as well as any Final Terms reflect the status as of their respective dates of issue.  
Neither the delivery of this Prospectus or any Final Terms nor the offering, sale or delivery of any 
Instrument, in any circumstances, creates any implication that the information contained in such 
documents is accurate and complete subsequent to their respective dates of issue or that there has 
been no adverse change in the financial situation of any of the Issuers or the Guarantor since such date 
or, that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is accurate at any time 
subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same.

--- Page 3 ---
2 
Restriction on Distribution, Offer and Sale  
Law may restrict the distribution of this Prospectus, any supplement(s) thereto and any Final Terms 
and the offering, sale and delivery of the Instruments in certain jurisdictions. Persons into whose 
possession this Prospectus, any supplement(s) thereto or any Final Terms fall, are required to inform 
themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. For a description of certain restrictions on offers, 
sales and deliveries of Instruments and on the distribution of this Prospectus, any supplement(s) thereto 
or any Final Terms and other offering material relating to the Instruments, see “Part H: Subscription and 
Sale”. 
Neither the Instruments nor the SCC Guarantee (as defined herein) nor the SFM Guarantee 
(as defined herein) have been, or will be, registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (“Securities Act”), or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction 
of the United States and are being sold pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of 
the Securities Act. The Instruments may include Instruments in bearer form that are subject to 
U.S. Tax Law requirements. Accordingly, the Instruments are being offered and sold only outside the 
United States of America to non-U.S. persons (as such term is defined in Regulation S under the 
Securities Act (“Regulation S”)) in reliance on Regulation S. For further details, see “Part H: 
Subscription and Sale”. 
The Instruments have not been approved or disapproved by the United States Commodity Futures 
Trading Commission, by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or any state securities 
commission in the United States of America nor has the Securities and Exchange Commission or any 
state securities commission in the United States of America passed upon the accuracy or the adequacy 
of this Prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense in the United States of 
America. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - If the relevant Final Terms in respect of any 
Instruments include a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, the Instruments are 
not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point 
(11) of article 4(1) MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 as amended 
(“IDD”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of article 
4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 
as amended (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Instruments or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Instruments or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under 
the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS - If the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Instruments 
include a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors”, the Instruments are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means 
a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000, as amended (“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in 
point (8) of article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling 
the Instruments or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Instruments or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in 
the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
Neither this Prospectus nor any supplement(s) thereto nor any Final Terms may be used 
for the purpose of an offer or solicitation by anyone in any jurisdiction in which such offer or 
solicitation is not authorized or to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such an offer or 
solicitation.

--- Page 4 ---
3 
Floating Rate Instruments and Benchmarks 
Interest amounts payable on Instruments with a fluctuating rate of interest will be calculated by 
reference to a specific benchmark which will be provided by an administrator.  
As at the date of this Prospectus, the specific benchmark applicable to an issue of instruments 
with a floating rate of interest (“Floating Rate Instruments”) has not yet been determined. However, 
interest amounts payable under Floating Rate Instruments may be calculated by reference to 
(i) Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”) which is provided by the European Money Markets 
Institute (“EMMI”), (ii) the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (“SOFR”) or SOFR Index, which are 
currently provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (“FRBNY”) or (iii) the Sterling Overnight 
Index Average (“SONIA”) or SONIA Compounded Index, which are currently provided by the Bank of 
England (“BoE”). As at the date of this Prospectus, EMMI appears on the register (the “ESMA Register”) 
of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority (“ESMA”) pursuant to article 36 of the Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of June 8, 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial 
contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds and amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 
2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No 596/2014, as amended (the “Benchmarks Regulation”). As far 
as the Issuers are aware, FRBNY and BoE do not fall within the scope of the Benchmarks Regulation 
and are not currently required to obtain recognition, endorsement or equivalence. 
The Final Terms will specify the name of the specific benchmark and the relevant administrator. 
In such case the Final Terms will further specify if the relevant administrator is included in the ESMA 
Register or whether the provisions of the Benchmarks Regulation apply. 
Stabilization 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Instruments, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named 
as stabilization managers (“Stabilization Managers”) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilization 
Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may over-allot Instruments or effect transactions with a view 
to supporting the market price of the Instruments at a level higher than that which might otherwise 
prevail. However, stabilization may not necessarily occur. Any stabilization action may begin on or after 
the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of 
Instruments is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 
30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Instruments and 60 days after the date of the 
allotment of the relevant Tranche of Instruments. Any stabilization action or over-allotment must be 
conducted by the relevant Stabilization Manager(s) (or (any) person(s) acting on behalf of any 
Stabilization Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations.  
Each of the Issuers and the Guarantor might also conduct either itself or through third parties 
stabilization action or over-allotment in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.  
Exclusion  
Neither this Prospectus nor any supplement(s) thereto nor any Final Terms constitute an offer or 
an invitation to subscribe for or purchase any Instruments and must not be considered as a 
recommendation by the Issuers or the Guarantor that any recipient of this Prospectus, any 
supplement(s) thereto or any Final Terms should subscribe for or purchase any Instruments. Each 
recipient of this Prospectus, any supplement(s) thereto or any Final Terms shall be obligated to make 
its own investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuers and the 
Guarantor.

--- Page 5 ---
4 
Responsibility of the investor  
Prospective investors should carefully consider, among other things, the factors described in 
“Part B: Risk Factors” which identify certain risks inherent in investing in Instruments and in regard to 
the respective Issuer and/or the Guarantor.  
However, each prospective investor of Instruments must determine, based on its own independent 
review and such professional advice as it deems appropriate under the circumstances, that its 
acquisition of the Instruments is fully consistent with its (or if it is acquiring the Instruments in a fiduciary 
capacity, the beneficiary’s) financial needs, objectives and condition, complies and is fully consistent 
with all investment policies, guidelines and restrictions applicable to it (whether acquiring the Instruments 
as principal or in a fiduciary capacity) and is a fit, proper and suitable investment for it (or if it is acquiring 
the Instruments in a fiduciary capacity, for the beneficiary), notwithstanding all of the risks inherent in 
investing in or holding the Instruments.  
None of the Issuers or the Guarantor has or assumes responsibility for the lawfulness of the 
acquisition of the Instruments by a prospective investor of the Instruments, whether under the laws of 
the jurisdiction of its incorporation or the jurisdiction in which it operates (if different), or for compliance 
by that prospective investor with any law, regulation or regulatory policy applicable to it.  
References to “€”, “EUR”, “Euro” and “euro” 
In this Prospectus all references to “€”, “EUR”, “Euro” and “euro” are to the single currency of the 
participating Member States within the European Union.  
Controlling Language  
The language of this Prospectus is English. The English language translations of the German 
language sets of Terms and Conditions of the Instruments set forth below (“Terms and Conditions”), 
the Final Terms and the guarantee for Instruments issued by Siemens Capital Company LLC and the 
guarantee for Instruments issued 
by Siemens Financieringsmaatschappij N.V. (together, 
the “Guarantees”) are shown in this Prospectus for convenience only as well as the English language 
translations of the German language consolidated financial statements of Siemens AG, including the 
respective independent auditor’s reports thereon, which are incorporated by reference. As to form and 
content and all rights and obligations of the holders of Instruments and the Issuers under the Instruments 
to be issued and, in respect of any Guarantee, as to form and content, and all rights and obligations of 
the holders of Instruments, the Trustee and the Guarantor thereunder, German is always the controlling 
legally binding language. 
FORWARD-LOOKING-STATEMENTS 
This Prospectus and the Documents Incorporated by Reference may contain statements related 
to the Issuers’ and/or the Siemens Group’s (as defined herein) future business and financial 
performance and future events or developments involving an Issuer/the Issuers/the Siemens Group that 
may constitute forward-looking statements. These statements may be identified by words such as 
“expect”, “look forward to”, “anticipate”, “intend”, “plan”, “believe”, “seek”, “estimate”, “will,” “project” or 
words of similar meaning. Such statements are based on the current expectations and certain 
assumptions of each of the Issuers’ management, of which many are beyond the Issuers’ control. These 
are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and factors. Further information about risks and 
uncertainties affecting the Issuers and/or the Siemens Group is included in Part B “Risk Factors” and 
Part E “Description of the Issuers”. Accordingly, investors are strongly advised to read the following 
sections of this Prospectus: Part B “Risk Factors” and Part E “Description of the Issuers”. 
Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, events of force majeure, such as 
pandemics, occur or should underlying expectations including future events occur at a later date or not 
at all or assumptions prove incorrect, actual results, performance or achievements of each of the Issuers 
and/or the Siemens Group may (negatively or positively) vary materially from those described explicitly 
or implicitly in the relevant forward-looking statement. None of the Issuers neither intends, nor assumes 
any obligation, to update or revise these forward-looking statements in light of developments which differ 
from those anticipated.

--- Page 6 ---
5 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
Page 
 
Page 
 
PART A: GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF 
THE PROGRAMME ........................................ 6 
PART B: RISK FACTORS ............................... 9 
1. Risks relating to Siemens 
Aktiengesellschaft .................................. 9 
2. Risks relating to Siemens Capital 
Company LLC ...................................... 16 
3. Risks relating to Siemens 
Financieringsmaatschappij N.V. .......... 16 
4. Risks relating to the Instruments .......... 17 
PART C: TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
OF THE INSTRUMENTS AND 
RELATED DOCUMENTS .............................. 24 
1. Emissionsbedingungen der 
Schuldverschreibungen (German 
Terms and Conditions of the 
Instruments) ......................................... 24 
1.1. OPTION I: Emissionsbedingungen 
für Schuldverschreibungen mit fester 
Verzinsung ...................................... 25 
1.2. OPTION II: Emissionsbedingungen 
für Schuldverschreibungen mit 
variabler Verzinsung ....................... 50 
2. Terms and Conditions of the 
Instruments (English Translation) ........ 84 
2.1 OPTION I: Terms and Conditions 
that apply to Instruments with fixed 
interest rates ................................... 85 
2.2 OPTION II: Terms and Conditions 
that apply to Instruments with floating 
interest rates ................................. 108 
3. Form of Final Terms ........................... 139 
4. Use of Proceeds ................................. 158 
PART D: GUARANTEES ............................. 159 
1. Guarantee for Instruments issued 
by Siemens Capital Company LLC ... 159 
2. Guarantee for Instruments issued 
by Siemens 
Financieringsmaatschappij N.V. ........ 167 
PART E: DESCRIPTION OF THE 
ISSUERS .................................................... 174 
1. Description of Siemens 
Aktiengesellschaft ............................. 174 
2. Description of Siemens Capital 
Company LLC ................................... 185 
3. Description of Siemens 
Financieringsmaatschappij N.V. ........ 189 
PART F: TAXATION ................................... 192 
PART G: DESCRIPTION OF THE 
TRUSTEE ................................................... 193 
PART H: SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ....... 194 
PART I: GENERAL INFORMATION ........... 198 
1. Interests of Natural and Legal 
Persons involved in the 
Issue/Offer ......................................... 198 
2. Listing and Admission to Trading ...... 198 
3. Authorization...................................... 198 
4. Method to determine the yield ........... 199 
5. Clearing Systems .............................. 199 
6. Rating Agencies ................................ 199 
7. Documents Available for 
Inspection .......................................... 199 
PART J: DOCUMENTS 
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .......... 200 
PART K: NAMES AND ADDRESSES ........ 204

--- Page 7 ---
6 
PART A: GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
I. 
General  
Under the Programme Siemens Aktiengesellschaft, Siemens Capital Company LLC and 
Siemens Financieringsmaatschappij N.V. may from time to time issue Instruments to one or more of the 
following Dealers: Morgan Stanley Europe SE, Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, BNP PARIBAS, 
BofA Securities Europe SA, Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG, Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft, 
Crédit 
Agricole 
Corporate 
and 
Investment 
Bank, 
Deutsche 
Bank 
Aktiengesellschaft, 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE, HSBC Continental Europe, J.P. Morgan SE, Société Générale, 
UBS AG London Branch and UniCredit Bank GmbH and any additional Dealer appointed under the 
Programme from time to time by the Issuer(s) and the Guarantor either generally in respect of the 
Programme, or in relation to a particular Tranche of Instruments. The Issuers may also directly sell 
Instruments to third parties who are not Dealers. 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE acts as arranger in respect of the Programme (“Arranger”).  
The maximum aggregate principal amount of the Instruments outstanding at any one time under 
the Programme will not exceed €35,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency). The maximum 
aggregate principal amount of Instruments, which may be outstanding under the Programme, may be 
increased from time to time, as agreed between the Issuers, the Guarantor and the Dealers appointed 
generally in respect of the Programme.  
The 
Guarantor 
has 
unconditionally 
and 
irrevocably 
guaranteed 
to 
Luther Rechtsanwaltsgesellschaft mbH, acting as Trustee for the holders of Instruments, the payment 
of all amounts due under the Instruments issued by Siemens Capital Company LLC (“SCC”) and 
Siemens Financieringsmaatschappij N.V. (“SFM”). 
Instruments will be issued in tranches, each tranche in itself consisting of Instruments, which are 
identical in all respects (“Tranche”). One or more Tranches, which are (i) expressed to be consolidated 
and forming a single series and (ii) identical in all respects, but having different issue dates, interest 
commencement dates and/or issue prices may form series (“Series”) of Instruments. Each Issuer 
reserves the right to issue from time to time without the consent of the holders of Instruments additional 
Instruments with identical terms (except for the issue date, the interest commencement date, the first 
interest payment date and /or the issue price as the case may be), so that these additional Instruments 
form one Series with the Instruments. 
Instruments are issued in bearer form only. Instruments issued by Siemens Capital Company LLC 
will only be in registered form for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
Instruments will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer(s) and/or a third party and as indicated in the applicable final terms 
(“Final Terms”) save that the minimum denomination of the Instruments will be, if in Euro, €100,000, 
and, if in any currency other than Euro, an amount in such other currency of at least €100,000 at the 
time of the issue of Instruments. Subject to any applicable legal and/or regulatory restrictions, and/or 
requirements of the relevant competent central bank, Instruments may be issued in Euro or any other 
currency. The Instruments will be freely transferable. 
Instruments will be issued with a maturity of twelve months or more. 
The term of the Instruments taking into account the applicable legal and/or regulatory restrictions, 
and/or the requirements of the relevant competent central bank will be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Instruments may be issued at an issue price, which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, 
par, as stated in the relevant Final Terms. 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Instruments issued under this 
Programme to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s Regulated Market and to 
be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. Instruments may further be issued under 
the Programme, which will be listed and traded on another stock exchange or which will not be listed on 
any stock exchange.

--- Page 8 ---
7 
Instruments may be cleared through one or more Clearing Systems as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. These systems will comprise those operated by Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am 
Main (“CBF”), Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg (“CBL”) and Euroclear Bank SA/NV, Brussels 
(“Euroclear”). 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft will act as fiscal agent and paying agent. 
II. 
Issue Procedures  
General  
The relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) or a third party not being a Dealer will agree on the 
terms and conditions applicable to each particular Tranche of Instruments (“Conditions”). 
The Conditions will be constituted by the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as further specified by 
the Final Terms (“Final Terms”) as described below. 
Options for sets of Terms and Conditions 
A separate set of Terms and Conditions applies to each type of Instruments, as set forth below. 
The Final Terms provide for the relevant Issuer to choose between the following Options: 
• 
Option I – Terms and Conditions for Instruments with fixed interest rates 
• 
Option II – Terms and Conditions for Instruments with floating interest rates 
Documentation of the Conditions  
The relevant Issuer may document the Conditions of an individual issue of Instruments in either of the 
following ways:  
• 
The Final Terms shall be completed as set out therein. The Final Terms shall determine if 
Option I or Option II, including certain further options contained therein, respectively, shall be 
applicable to the individual issue of Instruments by replicating the relevant provisions and 
completing the relevant placeholders of the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out 
in this Prospectus in the Final Terms. The replicated and completed provisions of the set of 
Terms and Conditions alone shall constitute the Conditions, which will be attached to each 
global Instrument representing the Instruments of the relevant Tranche. 
• 
Alternatively, the Final Terms shall determine if Option I or Option II including certain further 
options contained therein, respectively, are applicable to the individual issue by referring to 
the relevant provisions of the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in this 
Prospectus only. The Final Terms will specify that the provisions of the Final Terms and the 
relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in this Prospectus, taken together, shall 
constitute the Conditions. Each Global Instrument representing a particular Tranche of 
Instruments will have the Final Terms and the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set 
out in this Prospectus attached. 
Determination of Options / Completion of Placeholders 
The Final Terms shall determine if Option I or Option II shall be applicable to the individual issue 
of Instruments. Each of the sets of Terms and Conditions of Option I and Option II contains also certain 
further options (characterized by indicating the respective optional provision through instructions and 
explanatory notes set out either on the left of or in square brackets within the text of the relevant set of 
Terms and Conditions as set out in this Prospectus) as well as placeholders (characterized by square 
brackets which include the relevant items) which will be determined by the Final Terms as follows: 
Determination of Options: The relevant Issuer will determine which options will be applicable to 
the individual issue either by replicating the relevant provisions in the Final Terms or by reference of the 
Final Terms to the respective sections of the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in this 
Prospectus. If the Final Terms do not refer to an alternative or optional provision or such alternative or 
optional provision is not replicated therein, it shall be deemed to be deleted from the Conditions.

--- Page 9 ---
8 
Completion of Placeholders: The Final Terms will specify the information with which the 
placeholders in the relevant set of Terms and Conditions will be completed. In the case the provisions 
of the Final Terms and the relevant set of Terms and Conditions, taken together, shall constitute the 
Conditions, the relevant set of Terms and Conditions shall be deemed to be completed by the 
information contained in the Final Terms as if such information were inserted in the placeholders of such 
provisions. 
All instructions and explanatory notes and text set out in square brackets in the relevant set of Terms 
and Conditions and any footnotes and explanatory text in the Final Terms will be deemed to be deleted from 
the Conditions. 
Controlling Language 
German will be the controlling language of the respective Conditions.

--- Page 10 ---
9 
PART B: RISK FACTORS 
Prospective investors should read the entire Prospectus, any supplement(s) thereto and the 
Documents Incorporated by Reference (as defined herein). Words and expressions defined in the 
“Terms and Conditions of the Instruments” below or elsewhere in this Prospectus have the same 
meanings in this section. Investing in the Instruments involves certain risks. Prospective investors should 
consider, amongst others, the following: 
The following is a disclosure of material risks which are specific to the Issuers and, if applicable, 
to the Guarantor and that may affect each of the Issuers’ ability to fulfill its respective obligations under 
the Instruments and, if applicable, the Guarantor’s ability to fulfill its obligations under the Guarantees 
and to the Instruments in order to assess the market risk associated with these Instruments. 
Prospective investors should consider these risk factors before deciding to purchase any 
Instruments. Prospective investors should consider all information provided in this Prospectus, any 
supplement(s) thereto and the Documents Incorporated by Reference and consult with their own 
professional advisors (including their financial, accounting, legal and tax advisors) if they consider it 
necessary. In addition, investors should be aware that the risks described may combine and thus 
intensify one another.  
Each prospective investor in the Instruments must further determine the suitability of that 
investment in light of its own (or if it is acquiring the Instruments in a fiduciary capacity the beneficiary’s) 
circumstances. In particular, each prospective investor and if it is acquiring the Instruments in a fiduciary 
capacity the beneficiary (either alone or with a financial advisor) should:  
(i) have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant 
Instruments, the merits and risks of investing in the relevant Instruments and the information contained 
or incorporated by reference in this Prospectus or any applicable supplement;  
(ii) have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation and the investment(s) it is considering, an investment in the Instruments 
and the impact the Instruments will have on its overall investment portfolio;  
(iii) have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
relevant Instruments, including where principal or interest is payable in one or more currencies, or where 
the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the prospective investor’s currency;  
(iv) understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Instruments and be familiar with the behavior 
of any relevant indices and financial markets; and  
(v) be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial advisor) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks. 
1. 
Risks relating to Siemens Aktiengesellschaft 
In this section references to “we”, “us”, “our”, the “Company” or “Siemens”, or “Siemens AG” are 
to Siemens Aktiengesellschaft and, unless the content otherwise requires, to its consolidated 
subsidiaries (“Siemens Group”). 
Below we describe the risks that could have a material adverse effect on our business situation, 
financial condition (including effects on assets, liabilities and cash flows), results of operations and 
reputation. The order in which the risks are presented in each of the four categories reflects the currently 
estimated relative exposure for Siemens associated with these risks and thus provides an indication of 
the risks’ current importance to us. Additional risks not known to us or that we currently consider 
immaterial may also negatively impact our business objectives and operations. Unless otherwise stated, 
the risks described below relate to all our organizational units.

--- Page 11 ---
10 
Strategic risks  
Economic, political and geopolitical conditions: We see geopolitical challenges to remain the 
biggest risk and source of uncertainty for the global economy. In addition, trade and economic policy 
uncertainties still weigh on the global economic outlook. The tensions in the Middle East have tended to 
escalate and might cause a larger regional conflict involving Iran and other parties. Sharply rising oil 
prices, disruptions of oil and natural gas supply, blockades of important shipping routes, or a broad 
military escalation could seriously hurt the global economy. Ongoing risks emanate from the Russian 
war on Ukraine. Both the Middle East conflict and the war in Ukraine may have negative impacts on 
sales growth, production processes, and purchasing and logistics processes, for example through 
interruptions in supply chains and energy supplies or bottlenecks affecting components, raw materials 
and intermediate products. Each of the conflicts could also intensify further to the point of expanding to 
include other warring parties, including NATO countries, and the use of unconventional weapons. An 
expansion of the conflicts would have a significant impact on the Siemens market environment. A further 
risk could come from rapidly rising inflation. Central banks might respond by tightening monetary policy, 
possibly contributing to a global recession. Banking sector problems or other financial crises could follow 
and exacerbate the recession. Similarly, higher interest rates could cause problems for highly indebted 
countries. Or even the U.S. might encounter difficulties in financing its government debt, which has risen 
to levels of more than 120% of GDP. If creditor nations would become more hesitant to finance the U.S. 
government, significant impacts for the global financial system could follow. Strong movements in 
foreign exchange markets could also pose significant stress for the financial systems, especially for 
emerging economies. Further risks are coming from other geopolitical tensions (particularly associated 
with the Baltics, Eastern Europe, the Western Balkans, China, Taiwan and North Korea). We continue 
to face economic risks associated with a significant further slow-down of the Chinese economy. Key 
risks in this regard arise from potential financial imbalances, particularly due to ongoing recession in the 
property sector, but also from the growing debt held by local governments, with growing negative 
implications for Siemens’ business in China and for the country’s trading partners. Obstruction and 
redefinitions of international cooperation agreements could severely impact our business. First and 
foremost, a more extensive U.S.-China decoupling would have adverse effects on confidence and 
investment activity and would severely hit Siemens’ business. Increasing trade barriers, protectionism, 
sanctions and in particular technical regulations would negatively impact production costs and 
productivity along our global value chains, as well as significantly impede or even hinder access to 
growth markets. We are dependent on the economic development of certain industries; a continuation 
or even intensification of cyclical and structural headwinds in core customer industries would have 
adverse impact on our business prospects. The outbreak of a new pandemic, a terrorist attack, a 
significant cybercrime incident, or a series of such attacks or incidents in major economies, could 
depress economic activity globally and undermine consumer and business confidence. Additionally, the 
highly interconnected global economy remains vulnerable to natural disasters, extreme weather events 
and their consequences in the context of climate change or hybrid warfare. 
If we are not successful in adapting our production and cost structure to changes in conditions in 
the markets in which we operate, there can be no assurance that we will not experience adverse effects. 
For example, our customers may modify, delay or cancel plans to purchase our products, solutions and 
services, or fail to follow through on purchases or contracts already executed. In addition, it may become 
more difficult for our customers to obtain financing. Contracted payment terms, especially regarding the 
level of advance payments by our customers relating to long-term projects, may become less favorable, 
which could negatively impact our financial condition. 
Competitive environment: The worldwide markets for our products, solutions and services are 
highly competitive in terms of pricing, product and service quality, product development and introduction 
time, customer service, financing terms and shifts in market demands. We face strong, established 
competitors as well as rising competitors from emerging markets and new industries, which may have 
a better cost structure or offer a better customer solution. Some industries in which we operate are 
undergoing consolidation, which may result in stronger competition, a change in our relative market 
position, an increase in our inventory of finished or work-in-progress goods, or unexpected price erosion. 
Furthermore, there is a risk that critical suppliers could be taken over by competitors and a risk that 
competitors may offer their services to our installed base. 
Sustainability focus: Governments around the world continue to increase their focus on 
sustainability topics, resulting in the risk of increased costs to comply with new laws and related reporting 
requirements. In addition, increasing stakeholder and investor focus on sustainability topics brings 
reputational risk should our sustainability commitments, targets and activities be perceived as a

--- Page 12 ---
11 
deceptive use of green marketing or otherwise not credible. Climate change litigation has become a 
worldwide phenomenon with a corresponding risk to Siemens as a large corporation.  
Digital transformation: The markets in which our businesses operate experience rapid and 
significant changes due to the introduction of innovative and disruptive technologies. In the field of 
digitalization (e.g. Digital Twin, artificial intelligence, cloud computing), there are risks associated with 
new competitors, substitutions for existing products/solutions/services, new business models (e.g. in 
terms of pricing, financing, extended scopes for project business or subscription models in the software 
business), and finally the risk that our competitors may have more advanced time-to-market strategies 
or enjoy more favorable digital regulations in their markets such that they can introduce their disruptive 
products and solutions faster than Siemens. While digital regulations may aim to reduce adverse side 
effects of such technologies, there is a risk that regulations hinder competition and innovation. Siemens 
generally differentiates its software offerings from those of other software companies through deep 
domain know-how. There are risks associated with technologies such as artificial intelligence, including 
generative artificial intelligence, that domain expertise will not be a significant distinguishing feature in 
the future, and that additional competitors may therefore emerge more easily or rapidly. Our operating 
results depend to a significant extent on our technological leadership, our ability to anticipate and adapt 
to changes in our markets, and our ability to optimize our cost base accordingly. Introducing new 
products and technologies requires a significant commitment to research and development, which in 
return requires expenditure of considerable financial resources that may not always result in success. 
Our results of operations may suffer if we invest in technologies that do not operate or may not be 
integrated as expected, or that are not accepted in the marketplace as anticipated, or if our products, 
solutions or systems are not introduced to the market in a timely manner, particularly compared to our 
competitors, or even become obsolete. We constantly apply for new patents and actively manage our 
intellectual property portfolio to secure our technological position. However, our patents and other 
intellectual property may not prevent competitors from independently developing or selling products and 
services that are similar to ours. 
Portfolio measures, at-equity investments, other investments and strategic alliances: Our 
strategy includes divesting our activities in some business areas and strengthening others through 
portfolio measures, including mergers and acquisitions. With respect to divestments, we may not be 
able to divest some of our activities as planned, and the divestitures we do carry out could have a 
negative impact on our business situation, financial condition, results of operations and reputation. 
Mergers and acquisitions are inherently risky because of difficulties that may arise when integrating 
people, operations, technologies and products. There can be no assurance that any of the businesses 
we acquire can be integrated successfully and in a timely manner as originally planned, or that they will 
perform as anticipated once integrated. In addition, we may incur significant acquisition, administrative, 
tax and other expenditures in connection with these transactions, including costs related to integration 
of acquired businesses. Furthermore, portfolio measures may result in additional financing needs and 
adversely affect our capital structure. Acquisitions can lead to substantial additions to intangible assets, 
including goodwill, in our statements of financial position. If we were to encounter continuing adverse 
business developments or if we were otherwise to perform worse than expected at acquisition activities, 
then these intangible assets, including goodwill, might have to be impaired, which could adversely affect 
our business situation, financial condition and results of operations. Our investment portfolio includes 
investments held for purposes other than trading, along with other investments. Any factors negatively 
influencing the financial condition and results of operations of our at-equity investments or our other 
investments could have an adverse effect on our share of income or may result in a related write-off. In 
addition, our business situation, financial condition and results of operations could also be adversely 
affected in connection with loans, guarantees or non-compliance with financial covenants related to 
these investments. Furthermore, such investments are inherently risky as we may not be able to 
sufficiently influence corporate governance processes or business decisions taken by our at-equity 
investments, by other investments and by strategic alliances, which may have a negative effect on our 
business and especially on our reputation. In addition, joint ventures bear the risk of difficulties that may 
arise when integrating people, operations, technologies and products. Strategic alliances may also pose 
risks for us because we compete in some business areas with companies with which we have strategic 
alliances. 
Operational risks 
Cyber/Information security: Digital technologies are deeply integrated into our business portfolio. 
Further integration of information technology into products and services in conjunction with changing 
business strategies (such as outsourcing, globally distributed development, a lesser degree of sole 
production) is leading to an increasingly distributed supply chain, making efficient controls difficult. The

--- Page 13 ---
12 
fact of a large number of suppliers requires a significant effort to initially and then regularly verifying their 
effective implementation of our cybersecurity requirements. Siemens business entities might lose 
market access if their products, solutions and services do not comply with increasing regulations and 
legal requirements for cybersecurity in their respective countries. We observe a global increase of 
cybersecurity threats and higher levels of professionalism in computer crime, which pose a risk to the 
security of Siemens products, solutions and services; to Siemens IT systems and networks; and to the 
confidentiality, availability, and integrity of data. Like other large multinational companies, we face active 
cyber-threats from sophisticated adversaries that are supported by organized crime and nation-states 
engaged in economic espionage or even sabotage. According to external sources of relevant data, this 
trend has been accelerated by geopolitical developments and tensions worldwide. Especially the 
numbers of phishing attacks and malicious websites have increased significantly. There is a risk that 
confidential information or data-privacy-relevant information may be stolen or that the integrity of our 
business portfolio may be compromised, such as by attacks on our networks, social engineering, data 
manipulations in critical applications, or a loss of critical resources, resulting in financial damages and 
violation of data privacy laws. Moreover, the corporate IT market is relatively concentrated among a 
small number of hardware and software vendors, which could lead to dependence on a single provider 
as well as to increased price pressure. There can be no assurance that the measures aimed at protecting 
our intellectual property and portfolio will address these threats under all circumstances. Cybersecurity 
covers the IT of our entire enterprise including office IT, systems and applications, special-purpose 
networks, and our operating environments such as manufacturing and R&D. Our systems, products, 
solutions and services, as well as those of our service providers, remain potentially vulnerable to attacks. 
Such attacks could potentially lead to the publication, manipulation or leakage of information such as 
through industrial espionage. They could also result in deliberate improper use of our systems, 
vulnerable products, production downtimes and supply shortages, with potential adverse effects on our 
reputation, our competitiveness and results of operations. 
Internal programs and initiatives: We are in a continuous process of operational optimization 
and constantly engage in cost-reduction initiatives. Consolidation of business activities and 
manufacturing facilities, outsourcings, joint ventures and the streamlining of product portfolios are all 
part of these cost-reduction efforts. These measures may not be implemented as planned, may turn out 
to be less effective than anticipated, may become effective later than estimated or may not become 
effective at all. Any future contribution of these measures to our profitability will be influenced by the 
actual savings achieved and by our ability to sustain them. There is also a risk that our internal setup or 
internal IT projects could result in cost increases or have other negative impacts on our business. 
Furthermore, delays in critical R&D projects could lead to negative impacts in running projects. 
Supply chain management: The financial performance of our operating units depends on reliable 
and effective supply chain management for components, sub-assemblies, energy, critical parts (e.g. 
semiconductors) and materials. Capacity constraints and supply shortages resulting from ineffective 
supply chain management or external supply shocks may lead to production bottlenecks, delivery 
delays, quality issues, and price increases. We also rely on third parties to supply us with parts, 
components, and services. Using third parties to manufacture, assemble and test our products may 
reduce our control over manufacturing yields, quality assurance, product delivery schedules and costs. 
Although we work closely with our suppliers to avoid supply-related problems, there can be no 
assurance that we will not encounter supply problems in the future, especially if we use single-source 
suppliers for critical components, services and software solutions. Shortages and delays could materially 
harm our businesses. Unanticipated increases in the price of components or raw materials due to market 
shortages or other reasons could also adversely affect performance. Furthermore, we may be exposed 
to the risk of delays and interruptions in the supply chain as a consequence of catastrophic events 
(including pandemics), geopolitical uncertainties, energy shortages, sabotage, cyber incidents, 
operational issues or blockades on global trade routes, suppliers’ financial difficulties or suppliers not 
meeting our standards, particularly if we are unable to identify alternative sources of supply or means of 
transportation in a timely manner or at all. 
Shortage of skilled personnel: The competition for skilled professionals, particularly in technical 
fields, remains fierce in the industries and regions where we operate. Our success depends in part on 
attracting top talent – engineers, tech specialists, and other qualified individuals – while fostering 
diversity, equity, inclusion, and belonging within our workforce, as well as strengthen their resilience and 
well-being. 
Project-related risks: A number of our segments conduct activities under long-term contracts that 
are awarded on a competitive bidding basis. Some of these contracts are inherently risky because we 
may assume substantially all of the risks associated with completing a project and meeting post-

--- Page 14 ---
13 
completion warranty obligations. For example, we may face the risk that we must satisfy technical 
requirements of a project even though we have not gained experience with those requirements before 
winning the project. The profit margins realized on fixed-priced contracts may vary from original 
estimates as a result of changes in costs and productivity over a contract’s term. We sometimes bear 
the risk of unanticipated project modifications, shortage of key personnel, quality problems, financial 
difficulties of our customers and/or significant partners, cost overruns or contractual penalties caused 
by unexpected technological problems, unexpected developments at the project sites, unforeseen 
changes or difficulties in the regulatory or political environment, performance problems with our 
suppliers, subcontractors and consortium partners or other logistical difficulties including delays and 
difficulties caused by more frequent extreme weather events and their consequences. Some of our multi-
year contracts also contain demanding installation and maintenance requirements in addition to other 
performance criteria relating to timing, unit cost and compliance with government regulations, which, if 
not satisfied, could subject us to substantial contractual penalties, damages, non-payment and contract 
termination. There can be no assurance that contracts and projects, in particular those with long-term 
duration and fixed-price calculation, can be completed profitably. 
Financial risks  
Risks from pension obligations: The provisions for pensions and similar obligations may be 
affected by changes in actuarial assumptions, including the discount rate, as well as by movements in 
financial markets or a change in the mix of assets in our investment portfolio. Additionally, they are 
subject to legal risks with regard to plan design, among other factors. A significant increase in 
underfunding may have a negative effect on our capital structure and rating, and thus may tighten 
refinancing options and increase costs. In order to comply with local pension regulations in selected 
foreign countries, we may face an economic risk of increasing cash outflows due to changes in funding 
level according to local regulations of our pension plans in these countries or to changes in the 
regulations themselves. 
Audits by tax authorities and changes in tax regulations: We operate in nearly all countries of 
the world and therefore are subject to many different tax regulations. Changes in tax laws in any of these 
jurisdictions could result in higher tax expenses and increased tax payments. Furthermore, legislative 
changes could impact our tax receivables and liabilities as well as deferred tax assets and deferred tax 
liabilities. In addition, the uncertain legal environment in some regions could limit our ability to enforce 
our rights. As a globally operating organization, we conduct business in countries with complex tax rules, 
which may be interpreted in different ways. Future interpretations regarding, or developments in, tax 
regimes may affect our business situation, financial condition and results of operations. We are regularly 
audited by tax authorities in various jurisdictions and we continuously identify and assess relevant risks. 
Market price risks: We are exposed to fluctuations in exchange rates, especially between the 
U.S. dollar and the euro, because a high percentage of our business volume is conducted as exports 
from Europe to regions typically using the U.S. dollar. In addition, we are exposed to effects involving 
the currencies of emerging markets, in particular the Chinese yuan. Appreciable changes in euro 
exchange rates could materially change our competitive position. We are also exposed to fluctuations 
in interest rates. Even hedging activities to mitigate such risks may result in a reverse effect. Fluctuations 
in exchange or interest rates, negative developments in the financial markets and changes in central 
bank policies could therefore negatively impact our financial results. Market prices show higher volatility 
than in the past due to increased macroeconomic uncertainties resulting from inflation, geopolitical 
tensions and other factors noted above. 
Liquidity and financing risks: Our treasury and financing activities could face adverse deposit 
and/or financing conditions from negative developments related to financial markets, such as limited 
availability of funds and hedging instruments; an updated evaluation of our solvency, particularly from 
rating agencies; negative interest rates; and impacts arising from more restrictive regulation of the 
financial sector, central bank policy, or the usage of financial instruments. Widening credit spreads due 
to uncertainty and risk aversion in the financial markets might lead to adverse changes in the market 
values of our financial assets, in particular our derivative financial instruments. 
Credit risks: We provide our customers with various forms of direct and indirect financing of orders 
and projects, including guarantees. Siemens Financial Services in particular bears credit risks due to 
such financing activities if, for example, customers do not meet obligations arising from these financing 
arrangements, meet them only partially, or meet them late. The credit environment has become more 
dynamic due to a more uncertain macroeconomic outlook (e.g. inflation) and geopolitical tensions.

--- Page 15 ---
14 
Compliance risks  
Current and future investigations regarding allegations of corruption, of antitrust violations 
and of other violations of law: Proceedings against us or our business partners regarding allegations 
of corruption, of antitrust violations and of other violations of law may lead to fines as well as penalties, 
sanctions, injunctions against future conduct, profit disgorgements, disqualifications from directly and 
indirectly engaging in certain types of business, the loss of business licenses or permits, other 
restrictions and legal consequences as well as negative public media coverage. Accordingly, we may, 
among other things, be required to comply with potential obligations and liabilities arising in connection 
with such investigations and proceedings, including potential tax penalties. Moreover, any findings 
related to public corruption that are not covered by the 2008 and 2009 corruption charge settlements, 
which we concluded with U.S. and German authorities, may endanger our business with government 
agencies and intergovernmental and supranational organizations. Monitors could again be appointed to 
review future business practices and we may otherwise be required to further modify our business 
practices and our compliance program. 
In its global business, Siemens does part of its business with state-owned enterprises and 
governments. We also participate in projects funded by government agencies and intergovernmental 
and supranational organizations, such as multilateral development banks. Ongoing or potential future 
investigations into allegations of corruption, antitrust violations or other violations of law could as well 
impair relationships with such parties or could result in our exclusion from public contracts. Such 
investigations may also adversely affect existing private business relationships and our ability to pursue 
potentially important strategic projects and transactions, such as strategic alliances, joint ventures or 
other business alliances, or could result in the cancellation of certain of our existing contracts. Moreover, 
third parties, including our competitors, could initiate significant litigation. 
In addition, future developments in ongoing and potential future investigations, such as responding 
to the requests of governmental authorities and cooperating with them, could divert management’s 
attention and resources from other issues facing our business. Furthermore, we might be exposed to 
compliance risks in connection with recently acquired operations that are in the ongoing process of 
integration. 
Changes of laws, regulations and policies: Regulatory requirements are being introduced or 
modified at an unprecedented rate, often with little or no advance implementation lead time. This creates 
a risk that new requirements become effective more quickly than they can be implemented in our 
associated systems and processes, potentially resulting in business disruptions and the need for manual 
mitigation interventions. As a diversified company with global businesses, we are exposed to various 
product- and country-related laws, regulations and policies influencing our business activities and 
processes. According to observations and analysis, there is an increasing risk that existing technical 
regulations in target markets will suddenly change, or new ones will be set in force, which result in 
market access criteria that our products do not meet. The affected products would lose marketability in 
this market. Reducing the risk of a sales-stop depends on the required correction for the non-conformity. 
In case the product can technically stay as is, while it has to undergo new and additional conformity 
assessment and certification, there will be considerable effort and cost to carry out the needed testing 
and certification procedures. In a worse case, the affected product will need re-engineering or re-design 
to meet the requirements of the changed or new technical regulation even before it can become re-
assessed and certified for market approval. The latter case will cause significant extra effort and cost to 
make the needed product changes and to maintain the country-specific product variant as an additional 
derivative item in the product portfolio. In the worst case, if the two aforementioned ways of maintaining 
the product’s marketability prove to be not feasible, we must stop selling the affected product in the 
market. The volatile geopolitical situation has triggered unpredictable – and often conflicting – 
extraterritorial regulations, restrictions and sanctions, thus creating a potential risk that it will be difficult 
to simultaneously comply with all relevant regulatory requirements of certain transactions. Complex 
cross-jurisdictional regulations can vary between countries, even within the same region, each with 
slightly different rules and requirements, creating a risk that a global standard cannot be effectively 
implemented and maintained, potentially leading to a need for more custom or regional standards. We 
monitor the political and regulatory landscape in all our key markets to anticipate potential problem 
areas, with the aim of quickly adjusting our business activities and processes to changed conditions. 
However, any changes in laws, regulations and policies could adversely affect our business activities 
and processes as well as our financial condition and results of operations.

--- Page 16 ---
15 
Sanctions and export control: As a globally operating organization, we conduct business with 
customers in countries which are subject to export control regulations, embargoes, economic sanctions, 
debarment policies or other forms of trade restrictions (hereafter referred to as “sanctions”) imposed by 
countries or organizations. New or expanded sanctions in countries in which we do business may result 
in a curtailment of our existing business in such countries or indirectly in other countries. We are also 
aware of policies of national authorities and institutional investors, such as pension funds or insurance 
companies, requiring divestment of interests in and prohibiting investment in and transactions with 
entities doing business with countries identified by the U.S. Department of State as state sponsors of 
terrorism. As a result, it is possible that such policies may result in our inability to gain or retain certain 
investors or customers. In addition, the termination of our activities in sanctioned countries may expose 
us to customer claims and other actions. Our reputation could also suffer due to our activities with 
counterparties in or affiliated with these countries or due to unauthorized diversion of our products to 
restricted parties or destinations. 
Protectionism (including tariffs/trade war): Protectionist trade policies, de-risking and changes 
in the political and regulatory environment in the markets in which we operate, such as import and export 
controls, tariffs and other trade barriers including debarment from certain markets, inbound and 
outbound investment screenings, and price or exchange controls, could affect our business in national 
markets and could impact our business situation, financial position and results of operations; we may 
also be exposed to penalties, other sanctions and reputational damage. In addition, the uncertainty of 
the legal environment in some regions could limit our ability to enforce our rights and subject us to 
increasing costs related to adjusting our compliance programs. 
Environmental, health & safety and other governmental regulations: Some of the industries 
in which we operate are highly regulated. Current and future environmental, health, safety and other 
governmental regulations or changes thereto may require us to change the way we run our operations 
and could result in significant increases in our operating or production costs. We also recognize potential 
risks from environmental, health or safety incidents, and from potential non-compliance with 
environmental, health or safety regulations affecting Siemens and our contractors or sub-suppliers, 
resulting for example in serious injuries, business interruptions, penalties, loss of reputation, loss of 
customers and internal or external investigations. Furthermore, we see the risks associated with per- 
and polyfluoroalkyl substances (“PFAS”). We take the necessary steps to identify the presence of PFAS 
in our supply chain to ensure compliance with all existing and upcoming legal requirements. 
In addition, while we have procedures in place to ensure compliance with applicable governmental 
regulations in the conduct of our business operations, it cannot be excluded that violations of applicable 
governmental regulations may be caused either by us or by third parties that we contract with, including 
suppliers or service providers whose activities may be attributed to us. Any such violations particularly 
expose us to the risk of liability, penalties, fines, reputational damage or loss of licenses or permits that 
are important to our business operations. In particular, we could also face liability for damage or 
remediation for environmental contamination at the facilities we design or operate. With regard to certain 
environmental risks, we maintain liability insurance at levels that our management believes are 
appropriate and consistent with industry practice. We may incur environmental losses beyond the limits, 
or outside the coverage, of such insurance, and such losses may have an adverse effect on our business 
situation, financial condition and results of operations. 
Current or future litigation and legal and regulatory proceedings: Siemens is and potentially 
will be involved in numerous legal disputes and proceedings in various jurisdictions. These legal 
disputes and proceedings could result, in particular, in Siemens being subject to payment of damages 
and punitive damages, equitable remedies or sanctions, fines or disgorgement of profit. In individual 
cases this may also lead to formal or informal exclusion from tenders or the revocation or loss of 
business licenses or permits. Asserted claims are generally subject to interest rates. Some of these 
legal disputes and proceedings could result in adverse decisions for Siemens; or decisions, 
assessments or requirements of regulatory authorities could deviate from our expectations, which may 
have material effects on our business activities as well as our financial position, results of operations 
and cash flows. Siemens maintains liability insurance for certain legal risks at levels our management 
believes are appropriate and consistent with industry practice. However, the insurance policy does not 
protect Siemens against, in particular, reputational damage. Moreover, Siemens may incur losses 
relating to legal disputes and proceedings beyond the limits, or outside the coverage, of such insurance 
or exceeding any provisions made for losses related to legal disputes and proceedings. Finally, there 
can be no assurance that Siemens will be able to maintain adequate insurance coverage on 
commercially reasonable terms in the future.

--- Page 17 ---
16 
2. 
Risks relating to Siemens Capital Company LLC  
SCC is a Regional Finance Center which concentrates on financing activities for Siemens Group, 
especially for Siemens AG’s North American affiliates. A significant portion of SCC’s assets are 
receivables from Siemens Group companies. 
The business, financial condition (including effects on assets, liabilities and cash flows), results of 
operations and reputation of SCC could suffer from material adverse effects due to any of the risks 
described below. While SCC has described below all the risks that SCC considers material, those risks 
are not the only ones SCC faces. Additional risks not known to SCC or that SCC currently considers 
immaterial may also impair SCC’s business operations. 
Business and Financing Risks 
• 
SCC’s business activities depend on the ability of the Siemens Group companies to meet 
their payment obligations under intercompany loans provided to them by SCC. SCC and its 
parent, Siemens Corporation, have entered into an agreement under which Siemens 
Corporation guarantees to SCC the payment of all amounts, including but not limited to 
principal and interest amounts due under any intercompany loan provided to the Siemens 
U.S. affiliates (which comprises the majority of SCC’s assets) up to U.S. Dollar 20 billion 
which expired on September 30, 2024. On October 1, 2024, the guarantee was updated to a 
maximum value of U.S. Dollar 15 billion through September 30, 2029. In the event that 
Siemens Corporation fails to make a payment under that agreement, SCC may not be able 
to meet its payment obligations under its current internal and external borrowing agreements; 
• 
SCC’s business activities are mainly exposed to liquidity risk, currency risk, interest rate risk, 
credit risk and fair market value risk;  
• 
SCC’s cost of borrowing may also be negatively affected by increases in the credit spreads. 
Compliance and Operational Risks 
• 
SCC is subject to regulatory and similar risks associated with its financing activities;  
• 
SCC is subject to operating risks, which mainly result from the use of computer systems and 
modern information technology. 
3. 
Risks relating to Siemens Financieringsmaatschappij N.V.  
SFM is a finance company which concentrates on financing activities for the Siemens Group. A 
significant portion of its assets are receivables from Siemens Group companies. 
The business, financial condition (including effects on assets, liabilities and cash flows), results of 
operations and reputation of SFM could suffer from material adverse effects due to any of the risks 
described below. While SFM has described below all the risks that SFM considers material, those risks 
are not the only ones SFM faces. Additional risks not known to SFM or that SFM currently considers 
immaterial may also impair SFM’s business operations.

--- Page 18 ---
17 
Business and Financing Risks 
• 
SFM’s business activities depend on the ability of Siemens AG and other members of the 
Siemens Group to meet their payment obligations under intercompany loans provided to 
them by SFM. SFM and Siemens AG have entered into an agreement under which Siemens 
AG guarantees to SFM the payment of all amounts, including but not limited to principal and 
interest amounts, due under any intercompany loan provided to a member of the Siemens 
Group other than Siemens AG limiting the financial risk for SFM to a maximum of €2 million. 
In the event that Siemens AG fails to make a payment under that agreement, SFM may not 
be able to meet its payment obligations under the Instruments; 
• 
SFM’s business activities are mainly exposed to liquidity risk, currency risk, interest rate risk, 
credit risk and fair market value risk;  
• 
SFM’s cost of borrowing may also be negatively affected by increases in the credit spreads. 
Compliance and Operational Risks 
• 
SFM is subject to regulatory and similar risks associated with its financing activities;  
• 
SFM is subject to operating risks, which mainly result from the use of computer systems and 
modern information technology. 
4. 
Risks relating to the Instruments  
Risks relating to the nature of the Instruments 
Market Price Risk: The development of market prices of the Instruments depends on various 
factors, such as changes of market interest rate levels, the policies of central banks, overall economic 
developments, inflation rates or the lack of or excess demand for the relevant type of Instrument. 
A holder of Instruments is therefore exposed to the risk of an unfavorable development of market prices 
of its Instruments, which materializes if the holder sells any Instrument -fixed or floating rate- prior to the 
final maturity of such Instruments. If a holder of any Instrument -fixed or floating rate- decides to hold 
the Instruments until final maturity, the Instruments will be redeemed at the amount set out in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
A holder of an Instrument with a fixed rate of interest (“Fixed Rate Instrument”) is particularly 
exposed to the risk that the price of such Fixed Rate Instrument may fall as a result of changes in the 
current interest rate on the capital market (market interest rate). While the nominal interest rate of a 
Fixed Rate Instrument as specified in the applicable Final Terms is fixed during the life of such 
Instrument, the current market interest rate typically changes on a daily basis. As the market interest 
rate changes, the price of a Fixed Rate Instrument also changes, but in the opposite direction. If the 
market interest rate increases, the price of a Fixed Rate Instrument typically falls, until the yield of such 
Instrument is approximately equal to the market interest rate. If the market interest rate falls, the price 
of a Fixed Rate Instrument typically increases, until the yield of such Instrument is approximately equal 
to the market interest rate. Fixed Rate Instruments may also bear an interest rate of zero per cent, in 
which case no interest will be paid. If a holder of a Fixed Rate Instrument purchases such Instruments 
at a price (which term shall include any possible issue surcharge or any provisions, commissions or 
transactional costs in connection with such purchase) higher than the redemption amount of such 
Instrument, the yield of the Instruments so purchased may be negative and the holder may suffer a loss. 
A holder of a Floating Rate Instrument is exposed to the risk that the price of such Floating Rate 
Instrument may fall as a result of changes in the market interest rate and to uncertain interest income. 
Fluctuating interest rate levels make it impossible to determine the yield of Floating Rate Instruments in 
advance. 
Neither the current nor the historical value of the relevant floating rate should be taken as an 
indication of the future development of such floating rate value during the term of any Instruments. 
Liquidity Risk: Application has been made to list Instruments to be issued under the Programme 
on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to admit the Instruments to trading on the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. In addition, the Programme provides that 
Instruments may also be admitted to trading on any other stock exchange or may not be admitted to 
trading or listed at all. Regardless of whether the Instruments are listed on any stock exchange or not,

--- Page 19 ---
18 
there can be no assurance that a liquid secondary market for the Instruments will develop or, if it does 
develop, that it will continue. The fact that the Instruments may be listed does not necessarily lead to 
greater liquidity as compared to unlisted Instruments. If the Instruments are not listed on any stock 
exchange, pricing information for such Instruments may, however, be more difficult to obtain which may 
affect the liquidity of the Instruments adversely. If the Instruments are traded after their initial issuance, 
they may trade at a discount to their initial offering price, depending upon prevailing interest rates, the 
market for similar securities, general economic conditions and the financial condition of the relevant 
Issuer and the Guarantor, as the case may be. In an illiquid market, an investor might not always be 
able to sell its Instruments at fair market prices. The possibility to sell the Instruments might additionally 
be restricted by country specific reasons. A prospective investor must therefore be prepared to retain 
the Instruments for an unspecified time period. 
Risks in respect of the Clearing System: The Temporary and/or Permanent Global Instruments 
representing Instruments are deposited with or on behalf of Euroclear and/or CBL and/or CBF. Euroclear 
and/or CBL and/or CBF will maintain records of the co-ownership interests in the Instruments. 
The relevant Issuer and the Guarantor, as the case may be, will be discharged from their payment 
obligations under the Instruments by making payments to, or to the order of Euroclear and/or CBL and/or 
CBF for distribution to their account holders. Therefore, a holder of a co-ownership participation in any 
Instrument must rely on the procedures of Euroclear and/or CBL and/or CBF to receive payments under 
the relevant Instruments. The relevant Issuer and the Guarantor, as the case may be, have no 
responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments made by Euroclear and/or CBL and/or 
CBF in respect of the co-ownership participations in the Instruments. 
In addition, investors will be able to trade their co-ownership participations in the Instruments only 
through Euroclear, CBL and/or CBF. 
Risks in respect of Credit Ratings: One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign 
credit ratings to the Instruments. The credit ratings of the Instruments may not reflect the potential impact 
of all risks related to the structure, market, additional risk factors discussed herein and other factors that 
may affect the value of the Instruments. In general, European Union and UK regulated investors are 
restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the European Union or in the UK and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies, as 
amended (the “CRA Regulation”) unless the rating is provided by a credit rating agency operating in 
the European Union or in the UK before June 7, 2010 which has submitted an application for registration 
in accordance with the CRA Regulation and such registration has not been refused. If the status of the 
rating agency rating the Instruments changes, European Union and UK regulated investors may no 
longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes and the Instruments may have a different 
regulatory treatment. This may result in European Union and UK regulated investors selling the 
Instruments which may impact the value of the Instruments and any secondary market. A credit rating 
is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by 
the rating agency at any time. No assurance can be given that a credit rating will remain constant for 
any given period of time or that a credit rating will not be reduced or withdrawn entirely by the credit 
rating agency if, in its judgment, circumstances so warrant. Rating agencies may also change their 
methodologies for rating securities in the future. Any change of the credit rating assigned or measures 
taken to the relevant Instruments by one or more of the credit rating agencies may adversely affect the 
cost and terms and conditions of our financings and could adversely affect the value and trading of such 
Instruments. 
Risks relating to specific Terms and Conditions of the Instruments 
Risk of Early Redemption: The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether the Issuer will have 
the right to redeem the Instruments prior to maturity (optional call right) on one or several dates or within 
one or several periods determined beforehand or whether the Instruments will be subject to early 
redemption in certain circumstances as specified in the applicable Final Terms (early redemption event). 
In addition, the relevant Issuer will always have the right to redeem the Instruments if the relevant Issuer 
and/or the Guarantor, as the case may be, is required to pay additional amounts (gross-up payments) 
on the Instruments for reasons of taxation as set out in the Terms and Conditions of the Instruments. If 
the relevant Issuer redeems the Instruments prior to maturity or the Instruments are subject to early 
redemption due to an early redemption event, a holder of such Instruments is exposed to the risk that 
due to such early redemption its investment will have a lower than expected yield. The Issuer can be 
expected to exercise its optional call right if the yield on comparable Instruments in the capital market

--- Page 20 ---
19 
has fallen which means that the investor may only be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in 
comparable Instruments with a lower yield. On the other hand, the Issuer can be expected not to 
exercise its optional call right if the yield on comparable Instruments in the capital market has increased. 
In this event an investor will not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in comparable Instruments 
with a higher yield. It should be noted, however, that the Issuer may exercise any optional call right 
irrespective of market interest rates on a call date. 
No default if payment is not effected due to a law or regulation: The Terms and Conditions 
provide that, to the extent legally permissible, the Issuer shall not be in default with its payment obligation 
under the Instruments to the extent payment to, or to the order of, the Clearing System is not effected 
due to a law or regulation provided that the Issuer cannot effect payment to, or to the order of, the 
Clearing System by reasonable means. In such case, and to this extent, a termination of the Instruments 
pursuant to condition 9 (1)(a) of the Terms and Conditions is not possible. 
Risks associated with the reform of EURIBOR and other interest rate benchmarks: 
The interest rates of Floating Rate Instruments may be linked to reference rates such as EURIBOR. 
EURIBOR and other interest rates or other types of rates and indices which are deemed 
“benchmarks” (each a “Benchmark” and together, the “Benchmarks”) have, in recent years, been the 
subject of ongoing national and international regulatory review and reform, with further changes 
anticipated. These anticipated reforms may cause such Benchmarks to perform differently than in the 
past, or to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such 
consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Instruments linked to such a Benchmark. 
International proposals for reform of Benchmarks include in particular the Benchmarks Regulation. 
The scope of the Benchmarks Regulation is wide and, in addition to so-called “critical Benchmark” 
indices, such as EURIBOR, applies to many other interest rate indices. Given that the Benchmarks 
Regulation does not apply to central banks and that SOFR and SONIA are administered by FRBNY and 
BoE, respectively, SOFR and SONIA may be used without any recognition, endorsement or 
equivalence. In case the administrator of any of these reference rates changes in the future, a 
registration under the Benchmarks Regulation may be required. 
The Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on Instruments linked to a Benchmark, 
including in any of the following circumstances: 
• 
a rate or index which is a Benchmark may only be used if its administrator obtains authorization 
or is registered and in case of an administrator which is based in a non-EU or non-UK 
jurisdiction, if the administrator’s legal benchmark system is considered equivalent (article 30 
Benchmarks Regulation), the administrator is recognized (article 32 Benchmarks Regulation) 
or the Benchmarks is endorsed (article 33 Benchmarks Regulation) (subject to applicable 
transitional provisions). If this is not the case, Instruments linked to such Benchmarks could be 
impacted; and  
• 
the methodology or other terms of the Benchmark could be changed in order to comply with 
the terms of the Benchmarks Regulation, and such changes could have the effect of reducing 
or increasing the rate or level or affecting the volatility of the published rate or level, and could 
have an impact on the Instruments, including determination of the rate by the calculation agent. 
Any changes to a Benchmark as a result of international or national initiatives (including those 
mentioned above) could have a material adverse effect on the costs of refinancing a Benchmark or the 
costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a Benchmark and complying 
with any such regulations or requirements. Although it is uncertain whether or to what extent any of the 
abovementioned changes and/or any further changes in the administration or method of determining a 
Benchmark could have an effect on the value of any Instruments linked to the relevant Benchmark, 
investors should be aware that any changes to a relevant Benchmark may have a material adverse 
effect on the value of any Instruments linked to such Benchmark. 
If a Benchmark were to be discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest for Floating 
Rate Instruments, which are linked to such Benchmark, will be determined for the relevant period by the 
fallback provisions applicable to such Instruments, which in the end could result in the same rate being 
applied until maturity of the Floating Rate Instruments, effectively turning the floating rate of interest into 
a fixed rate of interest. Due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of a replacement offered interest 
rate, the relevant further fallback provisions with a view to a suspension event may not operate as

--- Page 21 ---
20 
intended at the relevant time. Where a replacement offered interest rate is not available before or on an 
interest determination date, the relevant Issuer, in consultation with an independent advisor, will 
determine an alternative offered interest rate, subject to certain adjustments. In such case, the offered 
interest rate quotation shall be replaced by such alternative offered interest rate for the interest period 
following the interest determination date and each subsequent interest period, subject to certain 
adjustments. It may not be possible to determine or apply adjustments and even if an adjustment is 
applied, such adjustments may not be effective to reduce or eliminate economic prejudice to the holders 
of any Instruments. If an alternative offered interest rate is not available or cannot be determined or the 
relevant Issuer does not appoint an independent advisor before or on an interest determination date, 
the offered interest rate quotation for the interest period following the relevant interest determination 
date shall be the offered interest rate quotation for the immediately preceding interest period. 
Finally, under the terms of the Benchmarks Regulation, the European Commission was also 
granted powers to designate a replacement for certain critical benchmarks contained in contracts 
governed by the laws of an EU Member State (such as the Instruments), where that contract does not 
already contain a suitable fallback. There can be no assurance, that the fallback provisions of the 
Instruments would be considered suitable. Accordingly, there is a risk that any Instruments linked to or 
referencing a Benchmark would be transitioned to a replacement Benchmark selected by the European 
Commission. There is no certainty at this stage what any such replacement Benchmark would be. 
Risks associated with Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) as reference rate: Interest 
rates of Floating Rate Instruments may be calculated on the basis of Compounded SOFR, which uses 
levels of SOFR Index. SOFR Index in turn is based on the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR). 
SOFR is a repo financing rate that represents overnight secured funding transactions in 
U.S. Dollars and has been published by FRBNY since April 2018.  
For each interest period, the rate of interest on the Floating Rate Instruments may be based on 
Compounded SOFR using the SOFR Index published by FRBNY, and not by using SOFR published on 
or in respect of a particular date during such Interest Period or an arithmetic average of SOFR during 
such period. For this and other reasons, the rate of interest on the Floating Rate Instruments during any 
interest period will not necessarily be the same as the interest rate on other SOFR-linked investments 
that use an alternative basis to determine the applicable interest rate. Prospective investors should 
carefully consider how any mismatch between SOFR across different investments and markets may 
impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any 
acquisition, holding or disposal of the Instruments. Further, if the SOFR rate in respect of a particular 
date during an interest period is negative, this will result in a reduction to Compounded SOFR used to 
calculate the interest payable on the Floating Rate Instruments on the interest payment date for such 
interest period. 
In March 2020, FRBNY Bank started publishing the SOFR Index. The SOFR Index is intended to 
measure the cumulative returns over time from earning interest of SOFR on a unit of investments, with 
the initial value set to 1.00000000 on April 2, 2018, being the first value date of SOFR. The SOFR Index 
value is expected to be incrementally adjusted on each New York business day thereafter to reflect the 
additional compound interest earned by reinvesting at such New York business day’s SOFR rate. As a 
result, the SOFR Index value on a given day is intended to reflect the effect of compounding SOFR 
across all previous New York business days since April 2, 2018. FRBNY indicates that the change in 
the SOFR Index value between any two dates can form the basis for calculating the interest rate payable 
over such a period. The use of the SOFR Index or the specific formula for Compounded SOFR may not 
be widely adopted by other market participants, if at all. 
The level of Compounded SOFR applicable to a particular interest period and, therefore, the 
amount of interest payable with respect to such interest period will be determined on the relevant interest 
determination date for the Floating Rate Instruments for such interest period. Because each such date 
is near the end of such interest period, holders of Instruments will not know the amount of interest 
payable on the Floating Rate Instruments with respect to a particular interest period until shortly prior to 
the related interest payment date and it may be difficult for holders of Instruments to reliably estimate 
the amount of interest that will be payable on each such interest payment date. 
Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to SOFR and the 
SOFR Index. The trading price of the Floating Rate Instruments may be lower than those of securities 
that are linked to rates or methods of determining interest that are more or become more widely used.

--- Page 22 ---
21 
Similarly, market terms for floating-rate debt securities linked to SOFR, such as the spread over the 
base rate reflected in interest rate provisions or the manner of compounding the base rate, may evolve 
over time, and trading prices of the Floating Rate Instruments may be lower than those of later-issued 
SOFR-based debt securities as a result. Investors in the Floating Rate Instruments may not be able to 
sell the Floating Rate Instruments at all or may not be able to sell the Floating Rate Instruments at prices 
that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary 
market and may consequently suffer from increased pricing volatility and market risk. 
FRBNY (or a successor), as administrator of SOFR, may make methodological or other changes 
that could change the value of SOFR, including changes related to the method by which SOFR is 
calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to calculate SOFR, or timing related to 
the publication of SOFR. If the manner in which SOFR is calculated is changed, that change may result 
in a reduction of the amount of interest payable on the Floating Rate Instruments, which may adversely 
affect the trading prices of the Floating Rate Instruments. In addition, the administrator may alter, 
discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of SOFR (in which case a fallback method of 
determining the interest rate on the Floating Rate Instruments, as set out in the relevant Terms and 
Conditions, will apply). The administrator has no obligation to consider the interests of holders of 
Instruments when calculating, adjusting, converting, revising or discontinuing SOFR. 
Under certain circumstances, the rate of interest on the Floating Rate Instruments will no longer 
be determined by reference to SOFR, but instead will be determined by reference to a different rate, 
which will be a different benchmark than SOFR plus a spread adjustment, which is referred to as a 
Benchmark Replacement and a Benchmark Replacement Adjustment, respectively in the relevant 
Terms and Conditions. The composition and characteristics of the Benchmark Replacement will not be 
the same as those of SOFR. Further, the Benchmark Replacement will not be the economic equivalent 
of SOFR. Therefore, there can be no assurance that the Benchmark Replacement will perform in the 
same way as SOFR would have at any time and there is no guarantee that the Benchmark Replacement 
will be a comparable substitute for SOFR (each of which means that a Benchmark Transition Event 
could adversely affect the value of the Floating Rate Instruments, the return on the Floating Rate 
Instruments and the price at which holders of Instruments can sell the Floating Rate Instruments). 
Any failure of the Benchmark Replacement to gain market acceptance could adversely affect the 
Floating Rate Instruments. The Benchmark Replacement may have a more limited history and the future 
performance of the Benchmark Replacement cannot be predicted based on historical performance. 
The secondary trading market for the instruments linked to the Benchmark Replacement may be limited 
and the administrator of the Benchmark Replacement may make changes that could change the value 
of the Benchmark Replacement or discontinue the Benchmark Replacement and has no obligation to 
consider any holder’s interests in doing so. 
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to 
any such Instruments. 
Risks associated with Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA) as reference rate: Interest 
rates of Floating Rate Instruments may be calculated by referencing the relevant SONIA Compounded 
Index values. 
SONIA is based on actual transactions and reflects the average of the interest rates that banks 
pay to borrow sterling overnight from other financial institutions. SONIA is the working group on Sterling 
Risk Free Reference Rates’ preferred benchmark for the transition to sterling risk-free rates from LIBOR. 
SONIA was introduced in March 1997, the BoE took responsibility for it in 2016 and, after consultation, 
reformed it in 2018 so that SONIA complies with international best practice for financial benchmarks. 
The BoE, as the administrator of SONIA, began publishing the SONIA Compounded Index value on 
August 3, 2020. The SONIA Compounded Index value is intended to measure the cumulative returns 
over time from earning interest of SONIA on a unit of investment, with the initial value set to 
100.00000000 on April 23, 2018, being the day on which the BoE’s 2018 reforms to the SONIA 
methodology were implemented. The SONIA Compounded Index value is expected to be incrementally 
adjusted on each London business day thereafter to reflect the additional compound interest earned by 
reinvesting at such London business day’s SONIA rate. As a result, the SONIA Compounded Index 
value on a given day is intended to reflect the effect of compounding SONIA across all previous London 
business days since April 23, 2018. The BoE indicates that the change in the SONIA Compounded 
Index value between any two dates can form the basis for calculating the interest rate payable over such 
a period.

--- Page 23 ---
22 
Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to SONIA and the 
SONIA Compounded Index value as a reference rate in the capital markets and its adoption as an 
alternative to Sterling LIBOR. The bond market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of 
SONIA or the SONIA Compounded Index value that differs significantly from that set out in the Terms 
and Conditions of the Instruments. The development of SONIA or the SONIA Compounded Index value 
as an interest reference rate for the bond markets, as well as continued development of SONIA based 
rates, indices and averages for such markets and the market infrastructure for adopting such rates, 
could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect the market price of the 
Instruments. Similarly, if SONIA or the SONIA Compounded Index value do not prove widely used in 
securities such as the Instruments, investors may not be able to sell the Instruments at all or the trading 
price of the Instruments may be lower than those of bonds linked to indices that are more widely used.  
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of SONIA or the SONIA Compounded Index 
value in the bond markets may differ materially compared with the application and adoption of SONIA 
based rates in other markets, such as the derivatives and loan markets. Prospective investors should 
carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of SONIA across these markets may impact 
any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any 
acquisition, holding or disposal of the Instruments. 
Furthermore, it may be difficult for prospective investors in Instruments which reference SONIA or 
the SONIA Compounded Index value to reliably estimate the amount of interest which will be payable 
on such Instruments, because SONIA is calculated on a backward-looking basis and the interest rate 
applicable to the relevant interest period can only be determined shortly prior to the relevant interest 
payment date. 
If SONIA or the SONIA Compounded Index value were to be discontinued or otherwise 
unavailable, the applicable rate to be used to calculate the interest rate on the Instruments will be 
determined using the alternative methods set out in the relevant Terms and Conditions. Any of these 
alternative methods may result in interest payments that are lower than, or do not otherwise correlate 
over time with, the payments that would have been made on the Instruments if SONIA and/or the SONIA 
Compounded Index value had been provided by the BoE in its current form. In addition, the use of the 
alternative methods may also result in a fixed rate of interest being applied to the Instruments. 
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to 
any such Instruments. 
Currency Risk: A holder of Instruments denominated in a foreign currency is exposed to the risk 
of changes in currency exchange rates which may affect the yield of such Instruments. Changes in 
currency exchange rates result from various factors such as macro-economic factors, speculative 
transactions and interventions by central banks and governments.  
A change in the value of any foreign currency against the Euro, for example, will result in a 
corresponding change in the Euro value of an Instrument denominated in a currency other than Euro 
and a corresponding change in the Euro value of interest and principal payments made in a currency 
other than in Euro in accordance with the terms of such Instrument. If the underlying exchange rate falls 
and the value of the Euro correspondingly rises, the price of the Instrument and the value of interest and 
principal payments made thereunder, expressed in Euro, falls.  
In addition, government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) 
exchange controls that could adversely affect an applicable currency exchange rate. As a result, 
investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal at all. 
Risks relating to laws and regulations applicable to the Instruments 
Taxation: Prospective investors should be aware that stamp duty and other taxes and/or charges 
may be levied in accordance with the laws and practices in the countries where the Instruments are 
transferred and in other relevant jurisdictions. Prospective investors who are in any doubt as to their tax 
position should consult their own independent tax advisors. In addition, prospective investors should be 
aware that tax regulations and their application by the relevant taxation authorities may change from 
time to time. Accordingly, it is not possible to predict the precise tax treatment of the Instruments which 
will apply at any given time.

--- Page 24 ---
23 
Potential U.S. Withholding Tax: The United States of America has passed legislation 
(the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act, “FATCA”) which generally imposes new documentation and 
information reporting requirements, and may in certain situations impose 30 per cent withholding tax, 
with respect to payments made in connection with securities such as the Instruments. The United States 
has entered into intergovernmental agreements regarding the implementation of FATCA with Germany 
and The Netherlands. Under these intergovernmental agreements Siemens AG and SFM do not expect 
payments made on or with respect to Instruments issued by Siemens AG or SFM to be subject to 
withholding under FATCA. However, significant aspects of when and how FATCA will apply to passthru 
payments remain unclear, and no assurance can be given that withholding under FATCA will not 
become relevant with respect to passthru payments made on or with respect to such Instruments in the 
future. 
Risks in connection with the application of the German Act on Issues of Debt Securities 
(Gesetz über Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen): Since the Instruments contain 
provisions pursuant to which the Issuer may amend the Terms and Conditions of the Instruments with 
the consent of a majority resolution of the holders of Instruments, a holder of Instruments is subject to 
the risk of being outvoted by such majority resolution. In general, resolutions of holders of Instruments 
will be carried out by way of a vote without meeting. As majority resolutions of the holders of Instruments 
are binding on all holders of Instruments, certain rights of such holder against the Issuer under the Terms 
and Conditions of the Instruments may be amended or reduced or even cancelled. 
If the Instruments provide for the appointment of a joint representative (gemeinsamer Vertreter), 
either in the Terms and Conditions of the Instruments or by a majority resolution of the holders of 
Instruments, it is possible that a holder of such Instruments may be deprived of its individual right to 
pursue and enforce its rights under the Terms and Conditions of the Instruments against the Issuer, 
such right passing to the joint representative who is then exclusively responsible to claim and enforce 
the rights of all the holders of Instruments. 
Risks relating to the Guarantees 
Risks in connection with the Guarantees: Siemens Aktiengesellschaft has given to Luther 
Rechtsanwaltsgesellschaft mbH unconditional and irrevocable Guarantees dated December 9, 2024 for 
payment obligations under the Instruments issued by SCC and SFM respectively. The rights arising 
from each Guarantee will be held and exercised exclusively by Luther Rechtsanwaltsgesellschaft mbH, 
who will act as trustee for the holders of the Instruments. Therefore, a holder of Instruments will be 
required to request from Luther Rechtsanwaltsgesellschaft mbH the enforcement of its claims and rights 
arising out of or in connection with the Guarantee with regard to Instruments held by the respective 
holder of Instruments. The rights and obligations arising out of or in connection with the respective 
guarantee are governed by, and construed in accordance with German law without giving effect to the 
conflict of laws provisions of German international private law.

--- Page 25 ---
24 
 
PART C: TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE INSTRUMENTS AND 
RELATED DOCUMENTS 
1. 
Emissionsbedingungen der Schuldverschreibungen (German 
Terms and Conditions of the Instruments) 
Die 
Emissionsbedingungen 
(„Emissionsbedingungen“) 
sind 
nachfolgend in zwei Optionen aufgeführt: 
Option I umfasst den Satz der Emissionsbedingungen, der auf Tranchen 
von Schuldverschreibungen mit fester Verzinsung Anwendung findet. 
Option II umfasst den Satz der Emissionsbedingungen, der auf Tranchen 
von Schuldverschreibungen mit variabler Verzinsung Anwendung findet. 
Der Satz von Emissionsbedingungen für jede dieser Optionen enthält 
bestimmte weitere Optionen, die entsprechend gekennzeichnet sind, indem die 
jeweilige optionale Bestimmung durch Instruktionen und Erklärungen entweder 
links von dem Satz der Emissionsbedingungen oder in eckigen Klammern 
innerhalb des Satzes der Emissionsbedingungen bezeichnet wird. 
In den Endgültigen Bedingungen wird die Emittentin festlegen, ob 
Option I oder Option II (einschließlich der jeweils enthaltenen bestimmten 
weiteren Optionen) für die einzelne Emission von Schuldverschreibungen 
Anwendung findet, indem entweder die betreffenden Angaben wiederholt 
werden oder auf die betreffenden Optionen verwiesen wird. 
 
Soweit weder die Emittentin noch die Garantin zum Zeitpunkt der 
Billigung des Prospektes Kenntnis von bestimmten Angaben hatte, die auf eine 
einzelne Emission von Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar sind, enthält dieser 
Prospekt Leerstellen in eckigen Klammern, die die maßgeblichen durch die 
Endgültigen Bedingungen zu vervollständigenden Angaben enthalten. 
Im 
Falle, 
dass 
die 
Endgültigen Bedingungen, 
die 
für 
eine 
einzelne 
Emission 
anwendbar 
sind, nur auf die weiteren 
Optionen 
verweisen, 
die im Satz 
der 
Emissionsbedingungen 
der Option I oder Option II 
enthalten 
sind, 
ist 
folgendes anwendbar: 
Die Bestimmungen dieser Emissionsbedingungen gelten für diese 
Schuldverschreibungen so, wie sie durch die Angaben der beigefügten 
endgültigen Bedingungen (die „Endgültigen Bedingungen“) vervollständigt 
werden. Die Leerstellen in den auf die Schuldverschreibungen anwendbaren 
Bestimmungen dieser Emissionsbedingungen gelten als durch die in den 
Endgültigen Bedingungen enthaltenen Angaben ausgefüllt, als ob die 
Leerstellen in den betreffenden Bestimmungen durch diese Angaben ausgefüllt 
wären; 
alternative 
oder 
wählbare 
Bestimmungen 
dieser 
Emissionsbedingungen, 
deren 
Entsprechungen 
in 
den 
Endgültigen 
Bedingungen nicht ausgefüllt oder die gestrichen sind, gelten als aus diesen 
Emissionsbedingungen gestrichen; sämtliche auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
nicht 
anwendbaren 
Bestimmungen 
dieser 
Emissionsbedingungen 
(einschließlich der Anweisungen, Anmerkungen und der Texte in eckigen 
Klammern) gelten als aus diesen Emissionsbedingungen gestrichen, so dass 
die Bestimmungen der Endgültigen Bedingungen Geltung erhalten.

--- Page 26 ---
25 
 
1.1. OPTION I: Emissionsbedingungen für Schuldverschreibungen mit 
fester Verzinsung 
 
EMISSIONSBEDINGUNGEN DER SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN 
§ 1 
WÄHRUNG, NENNBETRAG, FORM, BEGRIFFSBESTIMMUNGEN 
(1) Währung; Nennbetrag. Diese Serie der Schuldverschreibungen 
(„Schuldverschreibungen“) 
der 
[Siemens 
Aktiengesellschaft] 
[Siemens Financieringsmaatschappij N.V.] [Siemens Capital Company LLC] 
(„Emittentin“) wird in [festgelegte Währung] („festgelegte Währung“) im 
Gesamtnennbetrag [Falls die Globalurkunde eine new global note ist, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: vorbehaltlich § 1 Absatz 6] von [Gesamtnennbetrag] 
(in Worten: [Gesamtnennbetrag in Worten]) in einer Stückelung von 
[Nennbetrag] („Nennbetrag“) begeben. 
 
(2) Form. Die Schuldverschreibungen lauten auf den Inhaber. Sie werden 
durch eine [im Falle von Schuldverschreibungen, die anfänglich durch 
eine vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
vorläufige Globalurkunde (wie nachstehend definiert) und nach Austausch 
durch eine Dauerglobalurkunde (wie nachstehend definiert)] [im Falle von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die durch eine Dauerglobalurkunde verbrieft 
sind, ist folgendes anwendbar: Dauerglobalurkunde (wie nachstehend 
definiert)] ([jeweils] „Globalurkunde“) verbrieft. 
Im 
Falle 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
durch 
eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
verbrieft sind und nicht 
durch 
SCC 
begeben 
werden, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: 
(3) Dauerglobalurkunde. Die Schuldverschreibungen sind durch eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde („Dauerglobalurkunde“) ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft. 
Die Dauerglobalurkunde 
trägt 
die 
Unterschriften 
zweier 
Vertretungsberechtigter der Emittentin und ist von der Emissionsstelle oder in 
deren Namen mit einer Kontrollunterschrift versehen. Einzelurkunden und 
Zinsscheine werden nicht ausgegeben. 
 
 
Im 
Falle 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die anfänglich durch eine 
vorläufige Globalurkunde 
verbrieft sind und nicht 
durch 
SCC 
begeben 
werden, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: 
(3) Vorläufige Globalurkunde — Austausch. 
(a) 
Die Schuldverschreibungen sind anfänglich durch eine vorläufige 
Globalurkunde („vorläufige Globalurkunde“) ohne Zinsscheine 
verbrieft. Die Anteile an der vorläufigen Globalurkunde werden 
gegen 
Anteile 
an 
einer 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
(„Dauerglobalurkunde“) ohne Zinsscheine ausgetauscht; diese 
verbrieft die Schuldverschreibungen mit dem jeweiligen Nennbetrag. 
Die vorläufige Globalurkunde und die Dauerglobalurkunde tragen 
jeweils die Unterschriften zweier Vertretungsberechtigter der 
Emittentin und sind jeweils von der Emissionsstelle oder in deren 
Namen mit einer Kontrollunterschrift versehen. Einzelurkunden und 
Zinsscheine werden nicht ausgegeben. 
(b) 
Anteile an der vorläufigen Globalurkunde werden am oder nach dem 
40. Tag nach dem Tag der Ausgabe der vorläufigen Globalurkunde 
gegen Anteile an der Dauerglobalurkunde ausgetauscht. Ein solcher 
Austausch 
darf 
nur 
nach 
Vorlage 
und 
im 
Umfang 
von 
Bescheinigungen erfolgen, wonach der oder die wirtschaftlichen 
Eigentümer der durch die vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
keine 
U.S.-Person(en) 
ist 
(sind) 
(ausgenommen 
bestimmte 
Finanzinstitute 
oder 
bestimmte 
Personen, die Schuldverschreibungen über solche Finanzinstitute 
halten). Die Bescheinigungen müssen im Wesentlichen der in der 
vorläufigen Globalurkunde angegebenen Form oder einer anderen, 
üblicherweise in einem solchen Fall durch das Clearing System (wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) 
verwendeten 
Form 
entsprechen. 
Zinszahlungen auf die durch eine vorläufige Globalurkunde 
verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen erfolgen erst nach Vorlage 
solcher Bescheinigungen. Für jede solche Zinszahlung ist eine 
gesonderte Bescheinigung erforderlich. Jede Bescheinigung, die am 
oder nach dem 40. Tag nach dem Tag der Ausgabe der vorläufigen

--- Page 27 ---
26 
Globalurkunde eingeht, wird als ein Ersuchen behandelt, die 
vorläufige Globalurkunde gemäß diesem Buchstaben (b) dieses 
§ 1 Absatz 3 auszutauschen. Wertpapiere, die im Austausch für die 
vorläufige Globalurkunde geliefert werden, sind nur außerhalb der 
Vereinigten Staaten (wie in § 4 Absatz 3 definiert) zu liefern. 
 
 
Im 
Falle 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
von 
SCC 
begeben 
werden, einfügen: 
(3) Dauerglobalurkunde. Die Schuldverschreibungen sind durch eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde („Dauerglobalurkunde“) ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft, die 
für Zwecke der Bundeseinkommenssteuer der Vereinigten Staaten als 
Namenspapier 
betrachtet 
wird. 
Die 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
trägt 
die 
eigenhändigen Unterschriften zweier Vertretungsberechtigter der Emittentin 
und ist von der Emissionsstelle oder in deren Namen mit einer 
Kontrollunterschrift versehen. Einzelurkunden und Zinsscheine werden nicht 
ausgegeben. 
Bruchteilseigentumsansprüche an jeder Dauerglobalurkunde werden in 
dem Register des jeweiligen Clearing Systems ausgewiesen und die 
Übertragung von Eigentum erfolgt nur durch Buchung und Eintragung in das 
Register des jeweiligen Clearing Systems. Außer in begrenzten Fällen darf das 
Clearing System eine Dauerglobalurkunde nur an eine Nachfolgeverwahrstelle 
übertragen, und Bruchteilseigentum an einer Dauerglobalurkunde ist nicht in 
eine Einzelurkunde austauschbar. Das jeweilige Clearing System muss CBF 
(wie nachstehend definiert) sein, es sei denn ein anderes Clearing System hat 
eine Vereinbarung über ein Erfassungssystem (book-entry registration 
agreement) getroffen oder eine anderweitige Dematerialisierung von 
Schuldverschreibungen unter dem U.S. Steuerrecht wurde adressiert. 
Zinszahlungen erfolgen auf diese Schuldverschreibungen nur nach 
Lieferung der Bestätigung über das Nichtbestehen U.S.-amerikanischen 
wirtschaftlichen Eigentums gemäß U.S. Treasury Regulation Section 1.871-
14(c)(2) (grundsätzlich ein geeignetes IRS Formular W-8) an die für die 
Einbehaltung zuständige Stelle (withholding agent). 
 
 
 
(4) Clearing System. Die die Schuldverschreibungen verbriefende 
Globalurkunde wird von einem Clearing System oder von einer Verwahrstelle 
im Namen eines Clearing Systems verwahrt, bis sämtliche Verbindlichkeiten 
der Emittentin aus den Schuldverschreibungen erfüllt sind. „Clearing System“ 
bezeichnet [bei mehr als einem Clearing System, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: jeweils] folgendes: [Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main, 
(„CBF“)] [Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxemburg, („CBL“)] [Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV, Brüssel („Euroclear“)] [Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxemburg, („CBL“) 
und Euroclear Bank SA/NV, Brüssel („Euroclear“) als internationale 
Zentralverwahrer (international central securities depository) (jeweils ein 
„ICSD“ und zusammen, die „ICSDs“)] sowie jeder Funktionsnachfolger. 
 
 
Falls 
die 
Globalurkunde 
eine new global note ist, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: 
Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form einer neuen Globalurkunde 
(new global note) („NGN“) ausgegeben und von einer gemeinsamen 
Verwahrstelle (Common Safekeeper) im Namen beider ICSDs verwahrt. 
 
 
Falls 
die 
Globalurkunde 
eine classical global note 
ist, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: 
Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form einer klassischen 
Globalurkunde (classical global note) („CGN“) ausgegeben und von einer 
gemeinsamen Verwahrstelle (Common Depositary) im Namen beider ICSDs 
verwahrt. 
 
 
 
(5) Gläubiger der Schuldverschreibungen. „Gläubiger“ bezeichnet jeden 
Inhaber eines Miteigentumsanteils oder anderen vergleichbaren Rechts an den 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
 
 
Falls 
die 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
eine 
new global note ist, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: 
(6) Register der ICSDs. Der Gesamtnennbetrag der durch die 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen entspricht dem jeweils in 
den Registern beider ICSDs eingetragenen Gesamtbetrag. Jeder ICSD führt 
für seine Kunden über den Betrag ihres Anteils an den Schuldverschreibungen 
ein Register. Diese Register dienen zusammen als Nachweis über den

--- Page 28 ---
27 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen. Eine zu diesem Zweck von einem ICSD ausgestellte 
Bescheinigung 
mit 
den 
Nennbeträgen 
der 
so 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen ist maßgeblicher Nachweis über den Inhalt des 
Registers des jeweiligen ICSD zu diesem Zeitpunkt. 
Bei ganz oder teilweiser Rückzahlung oder einer Zinszahlung bezüglich 
der durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen bzw. bei Kauf 
und 
Entwertung 
der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen sorgt die Emittentin dafür, dass die Einzelheiten über 
Rückzahlung und Zahlung bzw. Kauf und Entwertung bezüglich der 
Globalurkunde anteilig in die Unterlagen der ICSDs eingetragen werden, und 
dass nach dieser Eintragung vom Gesamtnennbetrag der in die Register der 
ICSDs 
aufgenommenen 
und 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen die Summe der Nennbeträge der zurückgezahlten 
bzw. gekauften und entwerteten Schuldverschreibungen abgezogen wird. 
 
 
Falls 
die 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde eine new 
global note 
ist, 
ist 
folgendes anwendbar: 
Bei Austausch nur eines Teils von durch eine vorläufige Globalurkunde 
verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen sorgt die Emittentin dafür, dass die 
Einzelheiten dieses Austauschs anteilig in die Aufzeichnungen der ICSDs 
aufgenommen werden. 
 
 
Im 
Falle 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
für die ein Effektengiro-
Register geführt wird, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: 
[(6)] Effektengiro-Register. Die Emittentin und CBF haben vereinbart, 
dass CBF zum Effektengiro-Registrar der Emittentin bezüglich der 
Schuldverschreibungen bestellt wird. In dieser Funktion und unbeschadet der 
Emission der Schuldverschreibungen sowie deren Status als Inhaberpapiere 
nach deutschem Recht hat CBF zugesagt, als Beauftragte der Emittentin in 
den Büchern der CBF Aufzeichnungen über die Schuldverschreibungen, die 
auf den Konten der CBF-Kontoinhaber gutgeschrieben sind, zu führen. 
 
 
 
§ 2 
STATUS, NEGATIVVERPFLICHTUNG [im Falle von  
Schuldverschreibungen begeben von der SFM oder der SCC ist  
folgendes anwendbar:, GARANTIE] 
(1) Status. Die Schuldverschreibungen begründen nicht nachrangige und 
[im Falle von Schuldverschreibungen begeben von der SFM oder der 
SCC, ist folgendes anwendbar: – abgesehen von der in § 2 Absatz 2 
genannten Garantie –] nicht besicherte Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin, die im 
Rahmen einer freiwilligen Abwicklung oder eines förmlichen, gesetzlich 
geregelten und unfreiwilligen Insolvenzverfahrens nach dem Gesetzesrecht 
des Sitzstaates der Emittentin untereinander im gleichen Rang stehen und mit 
allen anderen nicht nachrangigen und nicht besicherten Verbindlichkeiten der 
Emittentin gleichrangig sind, soweit diesen Verbindlichkeiten nicht durch 
gesetzliche Bestimmungen ein Vorrang eingeräumt wird. 
Im 
Falle 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die von der SFM oder der 
SCC begeben werden, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: 
(2) Garantie, Treuhandstruktur. Die Siemens Aktiengesellschaft, Berlin 
und 
München, 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland 
(„Garantin“), 
hat 
die 
Zahlungsverpflichtungen der Emittentin aus den Schuldverschreibungen 
unwiderruflich und unbedingt durch eine Garantie vom 9. Dezember 2024 
(„Garantie“) garantiert. Die Garantie begründet eine nicht nachrangige und 
gemäß den in § 2 Absatz 4 genannten Bestimmungen der Negativerklärung 
nicht besicherte Verbindlichkeit der Garantin gegenüber dem Treuhänder (wie 
nachstehend definiert), die im Rahmen einer freiwilligen Abwicklung oder eines 
förmlichen, gesetzlich geregelten und unfreiwilligen Insolvenzverfahrens nach 
dem Gesetzesrecht des Sitzstaates der Garantin mit allen anderen nicht 
nachrangigen 
und 
nicht 
besicherten 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Garantin 
gleichrangig ist, soweit diesen Verbindlichkeiten nicht durch gesetzliche 
Bestimmungen ein Vorrang eingeräumt wird. 
(a) 
Alle aus oder im Zusammenhang mit der Garantie gegenwärtig und 
künftig bestehenden Ansprüche und Rechte im Hinblick auf die vom 
jeweiligen 
Gläubiger 
gehaltenen 
Schuldverschreibungen

--- Page 29 ---
28 
(zusammenfassend, „Rechte“) werden ausschließlich von der Luther 
Rechtsanwaltsgesellschaft mbH („Treuhänder“) als Treuhänder für 
die Gläubiger gemäß dem Vertrag vom 9. Dezember 2024, der 
zwischen dem Treuhänder, der Emittentin und der Garantin 
geschlossen wurde („Treuhandvertrag“) gehalten und geltend 
gemacht. Jeder Gläubiger ist nach dem Treuhandvertrag berechtigt, 
vom 
Treuhänder 
die 
Erfüllung 
der 
vom 
Treuhänder 
im 
Treuhandvertrag übernommenen Verpflichtungen zu verlangen und 
die Erfüllung dieser Verpflichtungen gegenüber dem Treuhänder 
durchzusetzen. 
Nur 
zu 
diesem 
Zweck 
begründet 
der 
Treuhandvertrag einen Vertrag zugunsten Dritter gemäß § 328 
Absatz 1 des Bürgerlichen Gesetzbuches („BGB“) zugunsten der 
Gläubiger. 
(b) 
Ausschließlich der Treuhänder ist berechtigt und auf eine schriftliche 
Aufforderung des jeweiligen Gläubigers verpflichtet, die Rechte 
unverzüglich 
durchzusetzen. 
Der 
Treuhänder 
hat 
für 
die 
unverzügliche Weiterleitung sämtlicher sich aus der Durchsetzung 
der Rechte ergebenden Einnahmen zu sorgen. 
(c) 
Wenn der Treuhänder die Rechte ausübt, ist er berechtigt, sämtliche 
dabei entstehenden angemessenen Kosten einschließlich seiner 
eigenen angemessenen Aufwendungen und die Kosten für die 
Beauftragung Dritter von dem jeweiligen Gläubiger ersetzt zu 
erhalten. Sollte sich dies als notwendig erweisen, kann der 
Treuhänder 
von 
dem 
jeweiligen 
Gläubiger 
entsprechende 
Vorauszahlungen in der jeweiligen Währung verlangen. 
(d) 
Gemäß dem Treuhandvertrag haftet der Treuhänder für die Abgabe, 
das Unterlassen sowie die Annahme von Erklärungen sowie das 
Vornehmen und Unterlassen von Handlungen in Verbindung mit der 
Garantie nur insoweit, als er seine treuhänderische Sorgfaltspflicht 
verletzt, 
jedenfalls 
aber 
dann, 
wenn 
er 
die 
gebotenen 
Sorgfaltspflichten eines ordentlichen Kaufmanns verletzt. Die 
Haftung des Treuhänders für wegen einfacher Fahrlässigkeit 
verursachter Schäden ist – außer für Schäden aus der Verletzung 
des Lebens, des Körpers oder der Gesundheit – auf einen 
Gesamtbetrag von €10.000.000 (Euro zehn Millionen) begrenzt. Der 
Treuhänder kann Dritte beauftragen, bestimmte ihm obliegende 
Aufgaben auszuführen, wobei er weiter für die Erfüllung seiner 
Pflichten aus dem Treuhandvertrag haftet. 
(e) 
Sollte ein Ereignis eintreten, das nach vernünftiger Beurteilung des 
Treuhänders dazu führt, dass er nicht mehr in der Lage ist, seine 
Pflichten unter dem Treuhandvertrag zu erfüllen, so wird er bei 
vorheriger schriftlicher Zustimmung der Garantin, die nicht ohne 
angemessenen Grund verweigert werden darf, ein adäquates 
Unternehmen mit anerkanntem Ruf als Nachfolger beauftragen 
(„Beauftragung“). 
Ein 
Unternehmen 
ist 
ein 
„adäquates 
Unternehmen mit anerkanntem Ruf“, wenn es nach dem Recht der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder der Schweiz organisiert ist, einer 
etwaigen Aufsicht in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder der 
Schweiz 
unterliegt 
und 
außerdem 
(i) autorisiert 
ist, 
als 
Unternehmenstreuhänder 
tätig 
zu 
sein, 
(ii) nicht 
weniger 
Eigenkapital als der Treuhänder hat und (iii) weder direkt noch 
indirekt von der Garantin kontrolliert wird bzw. nicht von einer Person 
kontrolliert wird, die ebenfalls die Garantin kontrolliert. Sollte der 
Treuhänder zur Beauftragung nicht in der Lage sein oder der 
Verpflichtung nicht nachkommen, so wird dies durch die Garantin 
erfolgen. Die Garantin ist berechtigt, aus wichtigem Grund den 
Treuhänder durch ein anderes adäquates Unternehmen mit 
anerkanntem Ruf zu ersetzen. Der Treuhänder ist berechtigt, den 
Treuhandvertrag aus wichtigem Grund zu kündigen. Der Treuhänder 
darf sein Amt gemäß dem Treuhandvertrag aber nicht aufgeben, bis

--- Page 30 ---
29 
ein Nachfolger für ihn beauftragt ist. Eine solche Beauftragung eines 
Nachfolgers ist gemäß § 12 unverzüglich bekannt zu machen. 
(f) 
Der Treuhandvertrag kann ohne Zustimmung der Gläubiger ergänzt 
oder geändert werden, solange solche Ergänzungen oder 
Änderungen den Interessen der Gläubiger nicht erheblich 
entgegenstehen. 
(g) 
Den Gläubigern und Personen, die an einer Anlage in den 
Schuldverschreibungen nach eigenem glaubhaften Bekunden 
nachhaltig und erkennbar interessiert sind, wird von der Zahlstelle 
auf Verlangen eine Kopie des Treuhandvertrages kostenlos zur 
Verfügung gestellt. Des Weiteren werden für vorstehend genannte 
Personen 
Kopien 
des 
Treuhandvertrages 
während 
der 
gewöhnlichen Geschäftszeiten in der benannten Geschäftsstelle der 
Zahlstelle zur Einsicht ausliegen. 
(h) 
In Verbindung mit der Ausübung der in dem Treuhandvertrag 
festgelegten Verpflichtungen wird die Garantin dem Treuhänder 
gemäß dem Treuhandvertrag ein Honorar bezahlen, das separat 
zwischen der Garantin und dem Treuhänder vereinbart wird. 
(3) Negativverpflichtung der Emittentin. Die Emittentin verpflichtet sich, 
solange die Schuldverschreibungen ausstehen, jedoch nur bis zu dem 
Zeitpunkt, an 
dem alle Beträge an Kapital und Zinsen für die 
Schuldverschreibungen der Emissionsstelle zur Verfügung gestellt worden 
sind, keine Hypothek, keine Grundschuld, kein Pfandrecht und kein sonstiges 
dingliches Sicherungsrecht über die Gesamtheit oder einen Teil ihres 
gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen inländischen Vermögens zur Besicherung 
einer anderen Anleiheemission (wie nachstehend definiert) zu bestellen oder 
bestehen zu lassen, ohne gleichzeitig oder vorher die noch ausstehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen in gleicher Weise und anteilig zu besichern. 
Diese Verpflichtung besteht nicht in Bezug auf Sicherungsrechte, die 
gesetzlich vorgeschrieben sind oder von einer Behörde verlangt werden oder 
die von der Emittentin an Forderungen bestellt werden, die der Emittentin 
aufgrund der Weiterleitung des Erlöses aus der Begebung von Wertpapieren 
gegen ein mit ihr im Sinne der §§ 15 ff. des deutschen Aktiengesetzes („AktG“) 
verbundenes Unternehmen oder einen Dritten gegenwärtig oder zukünftig 
zustehen. 
Diese 
Verpflichtung 
besteht 
auch 
nicht 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
Sicherungsrechte, die im Zusammenhang mit von der Emittentin begebenen 
strukturierten Wertpapieren, die mit Vermögenswerten besichert sind (asset-
backed-securities), gestellt werden. Selbiges gilt, wenn derartige strukturierte 
Wertpapiere von einer Zweckgesellschaft begeben werden und die zugrunde 
liegenden Vermögenswerte von der Emittentin stammen. 
„Anleiheemission“ ist jede Verbindlichkeit der Emittentin mit einer 
ursprünglichen 
Laufzeit 
von 
mehr 
als 
einem 
Jahr, 
die 
durch 
Schuldverschreibungen verbrieft ist, die an einer Börse, im außerbörslichen 
Handel oder an einem anderen anerkannten Wertpapiermarkt notiert oder 
gehandelt werden oder werden können. 
(4) Negativverpflichtung der Garantin. In der Garantie hat sich die 
Garantin verpflichtet, solange die Schuldverschreibungen ausstehen, jedoch 
nur bis zu dem Zeitpunkt, an dem alle Beträge an Kapital und Zinsen für die 
Schuldverschreibungen der Emissionsstelle zur Verfügung gestellt worden 
sind, keine Grundpfandrechte oder keine anderen dinglichen Sicherungsrechte 
über ihr in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland belegenes Immobiliarvermögen als 
Sicherheit für eine Internationale Anleiheemission (wie nachstehend definiert) 
zu bestellen, ohne die Garantie gleichzeitig oder vorher in gleicher Weise und 
anteilig zu besichern. 
„Internationale Anleiheemission“ ist jede Verbindlichkeit der Garantin 
mit einer ursprünglichen Laufzeit von mehr als einem Jahr, deren Nennwert 
nicht auf Euro lautet oder deren Rückzahlung in einer anderen Währung oder 
Rechnungseinheit als dem Euro zu erfolgen hat oder jede Verbindlichkeit eines 
mit der Garantin im Sinne der §§ 15 ff. AktG verbundenen Unternehmens, das

--- Page 31 ---
30 
nicht in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland ansässig ist, mit einer ursprünglichen 
Laufzeit von mehr als einem Jahr und die jeweils durch Schuldverschreibungen 
verbrieft ist, die an einer Börse, im außerbörslichen Handel oder an einem 
anderen anerkannten Wertpapiermarkt notiert oder gehandelt werden oder 
werden können. 
 
 
Im 
Falle 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die von der Siemens AG 
begeben 
werden, 
ist 
folgendes anwendbar: 
(2) Negativverpflichtung der Emittentin. Die Emittentin verpflichtet sich, 
solange die Schuldverschreibungen ausstehen, jedoch nur bis zu dem 
Zeitpunkt, an 
dem alle Beträge an Kapital und Zinsen für die 
Schuldverschreibungen der Emissionsstelle zur Verfügung gestellt worden 
sind, keine Grundpfandrechte oder keine anderen dinglichen Sicherungsrechte 
über ihr in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland belegenes Immobiliarvermögen als 
Sicherheit für eine Internationale Anleiheemission (wie nachstehend definiert) 
zu bestellen, ohne gleichzeitig die noch ausstehenden Schuldverschreibungen 
in gleicher Weise und anteilig zu besichern. 
„Internationale Anleiheemission“ ist jede Verbindlichkeit der Emittentin 
mit einer ursprünglichen Laufzeit von mehr als einem Jahr, deren Nennwert 
nicht auf Euro lautet oder deren Rückzahlung in einer anderen Währung oder 
Rechnungseinheit als dem Euro zu erfolgen hat oder jede Verbindlichkeit eines 
mit der Emittentin im Sinne der §§ 15 ff. AktG verbundenen Unternehmens, 
das nicht in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland ansässig ist, mit einer 
ursprünglichen Laufzeit von mehr als einem Jahr und die jeweils durch 
Schuldverschreibungen verbrieft ist, die an einer Börse, im außerbörslichen 
Handel oder an einem anderen anerkannten Wertpapiermarkt notiert oder 
gehandelt werden oder werden können. 
 
 
§ 3 
ZINSEN 
(1) Zinssatz und Zinszahlungstage. Die Schuldverschreibungen werden 
bezogen auf ihren Nennbetrag verzinst, und zwar vom [Verzinsungsbeginn] 
(„Verzinsungsbeginn“) (einschließlich) bis zum Fälligkeitstag (wie in § 5 
Absatz 1 definiert) (ausschließlich) mit jährlich [Zinssatz] %. Die Zinsen sind 
nachträglich am [Festzinstermin(e)] eines jeden Jahres zahlbar (jeweils 
„Zinszahlungstag“). 
Die 
erste 
Zinszahlung 
erfolgt 
am 
[ersten 
Zinszahlungstag] [sofern der erste Zinszahlungstag nicht der erste 
Jahrestag des Verzinsungsbeginns ist, ist folgendes anwendbar: und 
beläuft sich auf [den anfänglichen Bruchteilzinsbetrag je Nennbetrag] je 
Nennbetrag]. [Sofern der Fälligkeitstag kein Festzinstermin ist, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: Die Zinsen für den Zeitraum von [den letzten dem 
Fälligkeitstag vorausgehenden Festzinstermin] (einschließlich) bis zum 
Fälligkeitstag (wie in § 5 Absatz 1 definiert) (ausschließlich) belaufen sich auf 
[den abschließenden Bruchteilzinsbetrag je Nennbetrag] je Nennbetrag.] 
Die Verzinsung der Schuldverschreibungen endet mit Ablauf des Tages, der 
dem Fälligkeitstag vorangeht. 
(2) Auflaufende Zinsen. Falls die Emittentin die Schuldverschreibungen 
bei Fälligkeit nicht zurückzahlt, fallen auf den ausstehenden Nennbetrag ab 
dem Tag der Fälligkeit (einschließlich) bis zum Tag der tatsächlichen Zahlung 
an das Clearing System (ausschließlich) Zinsen in Höhe des Zinssatzes 
gemäß Absatz 1 zuzüglich eines Prozentpunkts an. 
(3) Berechnung der Zinsen für Teile von Zeiträumen. Sofern Zinsen für 
einen Zeitraum von weniger als einem Jahr zu berechnen sind, erfolgt die 
Berechnung auf der Grundlage des Zinstagequotienten (wie nachstehend 
definiert). 
 
(4) Zinstagequotient. „Zinstagequotient“ bezeichnet im Hinblick auf die 
Berechnung des Zinsbetrages auf eine Schuldverschreibung für einen 
beliebigen Zeitraum („Zinsberechnungszeitraum“)

--- Page 32 ---
31 
Im Falle von Actual/Actual 
(ICMA Regel 251) mit nur 
einer Zinsperiode innerhalb 
eines 
Zinsjahres 
(ausschließlich des Falls 
eines ersten oder letzten 
kurzen 
oder 
langen 
Kupons), 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: 
die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im Zinsberechnungszeitraum, geteilt 
durch die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen in der jeweiligen Zinsperiode. 
 
 
Im Falle von Actual/Actual 
(ICMA Regel 251) mit nur 
einer Zinsperiode innerhalb 
eines 
Zinsjahres 
(einschließlich des Falls 
eines 
ersten 
oder 
letzten kurzen Kupons), ist 
folgendes anwendbar: 
die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen in dem Zinsberechnungszeitraum, 
geteilt durch die Anzahl der Tage in der Bezugsperiode, in die der 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum fällt. 
 
 
Im Falle von Actual/Actual 
(ICMA Regel 251) mit zwei 
oder 
mehr 
gleichbleibenden 
Zinsperioden 
(einschließlich des Falls 
eines ersten oder letzten 
kurzen 
Kupons) 
innerhalb eines Zinsjahres, 
ist folgendes anwendbar: 
die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen in dem Zinsberechnungszeitraum, 
geteilt durch das Produkt aus (1) der Anzahl der Tage in der Bezugsperiode, 
in die der Zinsberechnungszeitraum fällt und (2) der Anzahl von 
Bezugsperioden, die in ein Kalenderjahr fallen oder fallen würden, falls Zinsen 
für das gesamte Jahr zu zahlen wären. 
 
 
Im Falle von Actual/Actual 
(ICMA Regel 251) und wenn 
der 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
länger 
ist 
als 
eine 
Bezugsperiode (langer 
Kupon), 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: 
die Summe aus: 
(A) der Anzahl von Tagen in dem Zinsberechnungszeitraum, die in die 
Bezugsperiode fallen, in welcher der Zinsberechnungszeitraum beginnt, geteilt 
durch [Im Falle von Bezugsperioden, die kürzer sind als ein Jahr, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: das Produkt aus (1)] [die] [der] Anzahl der Tage in 
dieser Bezugsperiode [Im Falle von Bezugsperioden, die kürzer sind als ein 
Jahr, ist folgendes anwendbar: und (2) der Anzahl von Zinszahlungstagen, 
die in ein Kalenderjahr fallen oder fallen würden, falls Zinsen für das gesamte 
Jahr zu zahlen wären]; und 
(B) der Anzahl von Tagen in dem Zinsberechnungszeitraum, die in die 
nächste Bezugsperiode fallen, geteilt durch [Im Falle von Bezugsperioden, 
die kürzer sind als ein Jahr, ist folgendes anwendbar: das Produkt aus (1)] 
[die] [der] Anzahl der Tage in dieser Bezugsperiode [Im Falle von 
Bezugsperioden, die kürzer sind als ein Jahr, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
und (2) der Anzahl von Zinszahlungstagen, die in ein Kalenderjahr fallen oder 
fallen würden, falls Zinsen für das gesamte Jahr zu zahlen wären]. 
 
 
Folgendes 
ist 
für 
alle 
Optionen von Actual/Actual 
(ICMA 
Regel 
251) 
anwendbar außer Option 
Actual/Actual (ICMA Rule 
251) 
mit 
nur 
einer 
Zinsperiode 
innerhalb 
eines 
Zinsjahres 
(ausschließlich dem Fall 
eines ersten oder letzten 
kurzen 
oder 
langen 
Kupons): 
„Bezugsperiode“ bezeichnet den Zeitraum ab dem Verzinsungsbeginn 
(einschließlich) bis zum ersten Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) oder von 
jedem Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) bis zum nächsten Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich). 
[im 
Falle 
eines 
ersten 
oder 
letzten 
kurzen 
Zinsberechnungszeitraumes, ist folgendes anwendbar: Zum Zwecke der 
Bestimmung 
der 
maßgeblichen 
Bezugsperiode 
gilt 
der 
[Fiktive 
Zinszahlungstag] als Zinszahlungstag.] [im Falle eines ersten oder letzten 
langen Zinsberechnungszeitraumes, ist folgendes anwendbar: Zum 
Zwecke der Bestimmung der maßgeblichen Bezugsperiode [gilt der][gelten] 
[Fiktive Zinszahlungstag(e)] als Zinszahlungstag[e]].  
 
 
Im Falle von Actual/365 
(Fixed), 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: 
die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im Zinsberechnungszeitraum, 
dividiert durch 365. 
 
 
Im Falle von Actual/360, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: 
die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im Zinsberechnungszeitraum, 
dividiert durch 360.

--- Page 33 ---
32 
Im 
Falle 
von 
30/360, 
360/360 oder Bond-Basis, 
ist folgendes anwendbar: 
die Anzahl von Tagen im Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360, 
wobei die Anzahl der Tage auf der Grundlage eines Jahres von 360 Tagen mit 
zwölf Monaten zu je 30 Tagen zu ermitteln ist. Dies gilt nicht, wenn (a) der 
letzte Tag des Zinsberechnungszeitraums auf den 31. Tag eines Monats fällt, 
während der erste Tag des Zinsberechnungszeitraumes weder auf den 30. 
noch auf den 31. Tag eines Monats fällt. In diesem Fall ist der den letzten Tag 
enthaltende Monat nicht als ein auf 30 Tage gekürzter Monat zu behandeln. 
Zudem gilt dies nicht, wenn (b) der letzte Tag des Zinsberechnungszeitraumes 
auf den letzten Tag des Monats Februar fällt. In diesem Fall ist der Monat 
Februar nicht als ein auf 30 Tage verlängerter Monat zu behandeln. 
 
 
Im Falle von 30E/360 oder 
Eurobond-Basis, 
ist 
folgendes anwendbar: 
die Anzahl der Tage im Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360. 
Dabei ist die Anzahl der Tage auf der Grundlage eines Jahres von 360 Tagen 
mit 12 Monaten zu 30 Tagen zu ermitteln, und zwar ohne Berücksichtigung 
des ersten oder letzten Tages des Zinsberechnungszeitraumes. Dies gilt nicht, 
wenn im Falle einer am Fälligkeitstag endenden Zinsperiode der Fälligkeitstag 
der letzte Tag des Monats Februar ist. In diesem Fall gilt der Monat Februar 
als nicht auf einen Monat zu 30 Tagen verlängert. 
 
 
§ 4 
ZAHLUNGEN 
(1) (a) Zahlungen auf Kapital. Zahlungen auf Kapital in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen erfolgen nach Maßgabe von § 4 Absatz 2 an das 
Clearing System oder gegebenenfalls dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den 
Konten der jeweiligen Kontoinhaber bei dem Clearing System. 
 
(b) 
Zahlung 
von 
Zinsen. 
Die 
Zahlung 
von 
Zinsen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen erfolgt nach Maßgabe von § 4 Absatz 2 an das 
Clearing System oder gegebenenfalls dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den 
Konten der jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des Clearing Systems. 
[Im Falle einer vorläufigen Globalurkunde, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
Die Zahlung von Zinsen auf Schuldverschreibungen, die durch eine 
vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, erfolgt nach Maßgabe von § 4 
Absatz 2 an das Clearing System oder gegebenenfalls dessen Order zur 
Gutschrift auf den Konten der jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des Clearing Systems. 
Voraussetzung für die Zahlung von Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen ist 
die Vorlage einer ordnungsgemäßen Bescheinigung gemäß § 1 Absatz 3 
Buchstabe (b).] 
(2) Zahlungsweise. Vorbehaltlich geltender steuerlicher und sonstiger 
gesetzlicher Regelungen und Vorschriften erfolgen zu leistende Zahlungen auf 
die Schuldverschreibungen in der festgelegten Währung. 
 
(3) Vereinigte Staaten von Amerika. Für die Zwecke dieser 
Emissionsbedingungen bezeichnet „Vereinigte Staaten“ die Vereinigten 
Staaten von Amerika (einschließlich deren Bundesstaaten und des Districts of 
Columbia) sowie deren Territorien (einschließlich Puerto Rico, der U.S. Virgin 
Islands, Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island und Northern Mariana Islands). 
(4) Erfüllung. Die Emittentin [im Falle von Schuldverschreibungen, die 
von der SFM oder der SCC begeben werden, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
bzw. die Garantin] wird durch Leistung der Zahlung an das Clearing System 
oder dessen Order von ihrer Zahlungspflicht befreit. 
 
(5) Zahltag. Fällt der Tag der Fälligkeit einer Zahlung in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen auf einen Tag, der kein Zahltag (wie nachstehend 
definiert) ist, dann hat der Gläubiger keinen Anspruch auf Zahlung vor dem 
nächsten Zahltag am jeweiligen Geschäftsort. Der Gläubiger hat in diesem Fall

--- Page 34 ---
33 
keinen Anspruch auf Zahlung weiterer Zinsen oder sonstiger Zahlungen 
aufgrund dieser Verspätung. 
„Zahltag“ bezeichnet einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), 
an dem das Clearing System geöffnet ist und [falls die festgelegte Währung 
Euro ist, ist folgendes anwendbar: alle betroffenen Bereiche des Real-time 
Gross Settlement Systems des Eurosystems („T2“) oder dessen Nachfolger 
oder Ersatzsystem betriebsbereit sind, um die betreffenden Zahlungen 
abzuwickeln.] [falls die festgelegte Währung nicht Euro ist, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: an dem Geschäftsbanken und Devisenmärkte allgemein für 
Geschäfte in [relevante(s) Finanzzentrum(en)] geöffnet sind und Zahlungen 
in der festgelegten Währung abwickeln.] 
 
(6) Bezugnahmen auf Kapital und Zinsen. Bezugnahmen in diesen 
Emissionsbedingungen auf einen Kapitalbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen 
schließen, 
soweit 
anwendbar, 
die 
folgenden 
Beträge 
ein: 
den 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
den 
vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungsbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen[;] [falls die Emittentin das 
Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zurückzuzahlen, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: den vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag (Make-Whole) 
der Schuldverschreibungen[;]] [falls die Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: 
den 
vorzeitigen 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(Call) 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen[;]] [falls der Gläubiger ein Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zu kündigen, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
den vorzeitigen Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag (Put) der Schuldverschreibungen] 
sowie jeden Aufschlag sowie sonstige auf oder in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zahlbaren 
Beträge. 
Bezugnahmen 
in 
diesen 
Emissionsbedingungen auf Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen schließen, 
soweit anwendbar, sämtliche gemäß § 7 zahlbaren zusätzlichen Beträge ein. 
(7) Hinterlegung von Kapital und Zinsen. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, 
beim Amtsgericht München, Bundesrepublik Deutschland, Zins- oder 
Kapitalbeträge zu hinterlegen, die von den Gläubigern nicht innerhalb von 
zwölf Monaten nach dem Tag der Fälligkeit beansprucht worden sind, auch 
wenn die Gläubiger sich nicht in Annahmeverzug befinden. Soweit eine solche 
Hinterlegung erfolgt und auf das Recht der Rücknahme verzichtet wird, 
erlöschen die diesbezüglichen Ansprüche der Gläubiger gegen die Emittentin. 
 
(8) Kein Verzug. Soweit rechtlich zulässig, gerät die Emittentin mit ihrer 
Zahlungspflicht nicht in Verzug, soweit die Zahlung aufgrund eines Gesetzes 
oder einer Vorschrift nicht an das Clearing System oder dessen Order geleistet 
wird und die Emittentin die Zahlung nicht mit zumutbaren Maßnahmen an das 
Clearing System oder dessen Order leisten kann. Zur Klarstellung: Die 
Emittentin ist in keinem Fall verpflichtet, direkt an einen Gläubiger zu zahlen. 
§ 5 
RÜCKZAHLUNG 
(1) Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit. Soweit nicht zuvor bereits ganz oder 
teilweise zurückgezahlt oder angekauft und entwertet, werden die 
Schuldverschreibungen zu ihrem Rückzahlungsbetrag am [Fälligkeitstag] 
(„Fälligkeitstag“) zurückgezahlt. 
Der „Rückzahlungsbetrag“ in Bezug auf jede Schuldverschreibung 
entspricht dem Nennbetrag der Schuldverschreibung. 
 
(2) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aus steuerlichen Gründen. Sollte die 
Emittentin [im Falle von Schuldverschreibungen, die von der SFM oder 
der SCC begeben werden, ist folgendes anwendbar: und/oder die 
Garantin] aufgrund einer Änderung des Steuerrechts (wie nachstehend 
definiert) bei der nächsten fälligen Zahlung unter den Schuldverschreibungen 
zur Zahlung von zusätzlichen Beträgen (wie in § 7 definiert) verpflichtet sein

--- Page 35 ---
34 
oder werden, können die Schuldverschreibungen insgesamt, jedoch nicht 
teilweise, nach Wahl der Emittentin [im Falle von durch die SFM oder die 
SCC begebenen Schuldverschreibungen, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
und/oder der Garantin] gegenüber den Gläubigern durch Mitteilung unter 
Einhaltung einer Frist von nicht weniger als 30 Tagen und nicht mehr als 
60 Tagen vorzeitig gekündigt werden. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
werden 
zu 
ihrem 
vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungsbetrag (wie nachstehend definiert) zuzüglich bis zu dem für die 
Rückzahlung 
festgesetzten 
Geschäftstag 
(ausschließlich) 
etwaiger 
aufgelaufener Zinsen zurückgezahlt. 
Dieses Recht besteht nicht, wenn die Zahlung von zusätzlichen Beträgen 
durch das Ergreifen angemessener, der Emittentin [im Falle von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die von der SFM oder der SCC begeben werden, 
ist folgendes anwendbar: und/oder der Garantin] zur Verfügung stehender 
Maßnahmen vermieden werden kann. 
 
Eine „Änderung des Steuerrechts“ ist 
(i) 
jede Änderung oder Ergänzung der Steuer- oder Abgabengesetze 
oder -vorschriften der Bundesrepublik Deutschland [im Falle von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die von der SFM begeben werden, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: oder der Niederlande] [im Falle von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die von der SCC begeben werden, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: oder der Vereinigten Staaten] oder deren 
politischen Untergliederungen oder Steuerbehörden, 
 
(ii) jede Änderung oder Ergänzung der Anwendung oder der offiziellen 
Auslegung dieser Gesetze oder Vorschriften, 
(iii) jede Änderung oder Ergänzung der von den Steuerbehörden oder 
den zuständigen Gerichten in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland [im 
Falle von Schuldverschreibungen, die von der SFM begeben 
werden, ist folgendes anwendbar: oder den Niederlanden] [im 
Falle von Schuldverschreibungen, die von der SCC begeben 
werden, ist folgendes anwendbar: oder den Vereinigten Staaten] 
oder deren politischen Untergliederungen oder Steuerbehörden 
getroffenen Maßnahmen/Entscheidungen, unabhängig davon, ob 
eine derartige Maßnahme/Entscheidung im Zusammenhang mit der 
Emittentin [im Falle von Schuldverschreibungen, die von der 
SFM oder der SCC begeben werden, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
oder der Garantin] steht, oder 
(iv) jede offiziell vorgeschlagene Änderung, Ergänzung, Neufassung, 
Anwendung, Auslegung oder Durchsetzung der Gesetze oder jede 
dazu ergangene Entscheidung oder Verordnung der Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland [im Falle von Schuldverschreibungen, die von der 
SFM begeben werden, ist folgendes anwendbar: oder der 
Niederlande] [im Falle von Schuldverschreibungen, die von der 
SCC begeben werden, ist folgendes anwendbar: oder der 
Vereinigten Staaten] oder deren politischen Untergliederungen oder 
Steuerbehörden. 
 
Die Kündigung setzt voraus, dass diese Änderung, Ergänzung, 
Neufassung, Anwendung, Auslegung oder Durchsetzung von Gesetzen oder 
Vorschriften am oder nach dem Tag, an dem diese Schuldverschreibungen 
begeben werden, wirksam werden würde. 
Eine solche Kündigung darf allerdings nicht 
(i) 
früher als 90 Tage vor dem frühestmöglichen Termin erfolgen, an 
dem die Emittentin [im Falle von Schuldverschreibungen, die von

--- Page 36 ---
35 
der SFM oder der SCC begeben werden, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: und/oder die Garantin] verpflichtet wäre, solche 
zusätzlichen Beträge zu zahlen, falls eine Zahlung auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen dann fällig sein würde, oder 
(ii) erfolgen, wenn zu dem Zeitpunkt, zu dem die Kündigungsmitteilung 
erfolgt, die Verpflichtung zur Zahlung von zusätzlichen Beträgen 
nicht mehr wirksam ist. 
Die Kündigungsmitteilung ist gemäß § 12 bekanntzugeben. Sie ist 
unwiderruflich, muss den für die Rückzahlung festgelegten Termin nennen und 
eine zusammenfassende Erklärung enthalten; diese Erklärung muss die das 
Kündigungsrecht der Emittentin [im Falle von Schuldverschreibungen, die 
von der SFM oder der SCC begeben werden, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
und/oder der Garantin] begründenden Umstände darlegen. 
Falls die Emittentin das 
Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibung 
bei 
geringem 
ausstehenden 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
vorzeitig zurückzuzahlen, 
ist folgendes anwendbar: 
(3) 
Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
bei 
geringem 
ausstehenden 
Gesamtnennbetrag. 
Falls 
die 
Emittentin 
[im 
Falle 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die von der SFM oder der SCC begeben werden, 
ist folgendes anwendbar:, die Garantin oder ein mit ihr im Sinne von §§ 15 ff. 
AktG 
verbundenes 
Unternehmen] 
Schuldverschreibungen 
mit 
einem 
Gesamtnennbetrag in Höhe von 75 % oder mehr des ursprünglich begebenen 
Gesamtnennbetrages der Schuldverschreibungen erworben hat und diese 
entwertet 
wurden, 
kann 
die 
Emittentin 
die 
verbleibenden 
Schuldverschreibungen insgesamt, jedoch nicht teilweise, gegenüber den 
Gläubigern durch Mitteilung unter Einhaltung einer Frist von nicht weniger als 
30 Tagen und nicht mehr als 60 Tagen vorzeitig kündigen. 
 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
werden 
zu 
ihrem 
vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungsbetrag (wie nachstehend definiert) zuzüglich bis zu dem für die 
Rückzahlung festgesetzten Geschäftstag (ausschließlich) aufgelaufener 
Zinsen zurückgezahlt. 
 
 
Falls die Emittentin das 
Recht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen, 
ist folgendes anwendbar: 
[(4)] Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach vorzeitiger Kündigung durch die 
Emittentin (Make-Whole). 
(a) Die Emittentin kann die Schuldverschreibungen insgesamt oder 
teilweise gemäß nachfolgendem Buchstaben (b) vorzeitig kündigen. 
Der „vorzeitige Rückzahlungsbetrag (Make-Whole)“ entspricht 
dem Höheren von (i) 100 % des Nennbetrags der vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlenden Schuldverschreibungen und (ii) dem durch den 
Referenzhändler (wie nachstehend definiert) bestimmten Betrag, 
bestehend aus (A) der Summe der Barwerte der auf die vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlenden Schuldverschreibungen noch ausstehenden 
Zahlungen an Kapital und Zinsen (ausschließlich der bis zum 
vorzeitigen Rückzahlungstag (Make-Whole) (wie nachstehend 
definiert) aufgelaufenen Zinsen), diskontiert zum vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungstag 
(Make-Whole) 
auf 
jährlicher 
Basis 
(unter 
Zugrundelegung der tatsächlich verstrichenen Tage, geteilt durch 
365 bzw. 366) unter Anwendung des Referenzhändlersatzes (wie 
nachstehend definiert), zzgl. [Diskontierungsrate] %, zzgl. (B) der 
jeweils bis zum vorzeitigen Rückzahlungstag (Make-Whole) 
(ausschließlich) aufgelaufenen Zinsen. 
„Referenzhändler“ bezeichnet [Namen einer Bank, die den 
vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag (Make-Whole) berechnen soll] 
bzw. ihre jeweiligen Nachfolger. 
 
„Referenzhändlersatz“ 
bezeichnet 
mit 
Bezug 
auf 
den 
Referenzhändler und einen vorzeitigen Rückzahlungstag (Make-
Whole) (wie nachstehend definiert) die vom Referenzhändler 
ermittelte mittlere jährliche Restlaufzeitrendite der [Name der 
Schuldverschreibung, die Referenzschuldverschreibung sein

--- Page 37 ---
36 
soll] 
mit 
Fälligkeit 
am 
[Fälligkeitsdatum 
der 
Referenzschuldverschreibung] 
oder, 
falls 
diese 
Schuldverschreibung zurückgezahlt wurde, eines vergleichbaren, 
vom 
Referenzhändler 
nach 
billigem 
Ermessen 
bestimmten 
Wertpapiers, um 11:00 Uhr (Frankfurt am Main Ortszeit) am neunten 
Geschäftstag 
in Frankfurt am 
Main vor 
dem vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungstag (Make-Whole). Der Referenzhändler hat den 
Referenzhändlersatz der Emittentin schriftlich mitzuteilen. 
„Geschäftstag“ bezeichnet einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder 
Sonntag), an dem das Clearing System geöffnet ist und [falls die 
festgelegte Währung Euro ist, ist folgendes anwendbar: alle 
betroffenen Bereiche des T2 betriebsbereit sind, um die 
betreffenden Zahlungen abzuwickeln.] [falls die festgelegte 
Währung nicht Euro ist, ist folgendes anwendbar: an dem 
Geschäftsbanken und Devisenmärkte allgemein für Geschäfte in 
[relevante(s) Finanzzentrum(en)] geöffnet sind und Zahlungen in 
der festgelegten Währung abwickeln.] 
[Falls 
der 
Gläubiger 
ein 
Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zu kündigen, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
Der Emittentin steht dieses Recht nicht in Bezug auf eine 
Schuldverschreibung zu, deren Rückzahlung bereits ein Gläubiger 
in Ausübung seines Rechts nach § 5 Absatz [6] verlangt hat.] 
 
(b) Die Kündigung ist den Gläubigern der Schuldverschreibungen durch 
die Emittentin gemäß § 12 bekanntzugeben. Sie beinhaltet die 
folgenden Angaben: 
(i) 
die zurückzuzahlende Serie der Schuldverschreibungen; 
(ii) 
eine Erklärung, ob diese Serie ganz oder teilweise 
zurückgezahlt 
wird 
und 
im 
letzteren 
Fall 
den 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibungen; und 
(iii) 
den Fälligkeitstag für eine solche Rückzahlung (der 
„vorzeitige Rückzahlungstag (Make-Whole)“), der nicht 
weniger als [Mindestkündigungsfrist] und nicht mehr als 
[Höchstkündigungsfrist] Tage 
nach 
dem 
Tag 
der 
Kündigung durch die Emittentin gegenüber den Gläubigern 
liegen darf. 
[Falls die Schuldverschreibungen in Form einer NGN begeben werden, 
ist folgendes anwendbar: 
(c) Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen nur teilweise zurückgezahlt 
werden, wird die teilweise Rückzahlung in den Registern der ICSDs 
nach deren Ermessen entweder als Pool-Faktor oder als 
Reduzierung des Gesamtnennbetrags wiedergegeben.] 
[Falls die Schuldverschreibungen in Form einer CGN begeben werden 
oder CBF als Clearing System gewählt wurde, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
 
(c) Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen nur teilweise zurückgezahlt 
werden, werden die zurückzuzahlenden Schuldverschreibungen in 
Übereinstimmung 
mit 
den 
Regeln 
des 
Clearing 
Systems 
ausgewählt.]

--- Page 38 ---
37 
Falls die Emittentin das 
Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibung 
zu 
festgelegten 
Zeitpunkten 
vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen, 
ist folgendes anwendbar: 
[(5)] Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin (Call). 
(a) Die Emittentin hat, nach Ausübung des entsprechenden Wahlrechts 
(Call) gemäß nachfolgendem Buchstaben (b) das Recht, die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
am/an 
den 
vorzeitigen 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag(en) 
(Call) 
zum/zu 
den 
vorzeitigen 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag/-beträgen (Call), wie nachstehend angegeben, 
nebst 
etwaigen 
bis 
zum 
(jeweiligen) 
vorzeitigen 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag (Call) (ausschließlich) aufgelaufenen Zinsen 
insgesamt oder teilweise zurückzuzahlen. [Wenn für teilweise 
Rückzahlung ein Mindestvolumen oder ein festgelegtes 
Volumen gelten soll, ist folgendes anwendbar: Eine solche 
Rückzahlung muss in Höhe eines Gesamtnennbetrages von [bei 
einem Mindestvolumen, ist folgendes anwendbar: mindestens 
[●]] [bei einem festgelegten Volumen, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
[●]] erfolgen.] 
 
vorzeitige(r) Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e) 
(Call) 
vorzeitige(r) Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/ 
-beträge (Call) 
[●] 
[●] 
[[●]] 
[[●]] 
[Falls der Gläubiger ein Wahlrecht hat, die vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung der Schuldverschreibungen zu verlangen (Put), ist 
folgendes anwendbar: 
Der Emittentin steht dieses Recht nicht in Bezug auf eine 
Schuldverschreibung zu, deren Rückzahlung bereits ein Gläubiger in 
Ausübung seines Rechts nach § 5 Absatz [6] verlangt hat.] 
 
(b) Die Ausübung des Wahlrechts (Call) ist den Gläubigern der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
durch 
die 
Emittentin 
gemäß 
§ 12 bekanntzugeben. Sie beinhaltet die folgenden Angaben: 
(i) 
die zurückzuzahlende Serie der Schuldverschreibungen; 
(ii) 
eine Erklärung, ob diese Serie ganz oder teilweise 
zurückgezahlt 
wird 
und 
im 
letzteren 
Fall 
den 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
(iii) 
den vorzeitigen Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Call), der nicht 
weniger als [Mindestkündigungsfrist] und nicht mehr als 
[Höchstkündigungsfrist] Tage nach dem Tag der Ausübung 
des Wahlrechts (Call) durch die Emittentin gegenüber den 
Gläubigern liegen darf; und 
(iv) 
den vorzeitigen Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call), zu dem die 
Schuldverschreibungen zurückgezahlt werden. 
 
[Falls die Schuldverschreibungen in Form einer NGN begeben werden, 
ist folgendes anwendbar: 
(c) Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen nur teilweise zurückgezahlt 
werden, wird die teilweise Rückzahlung in den Registern der ICSDs 
nach deren Ermessen entweder als Pool-Faktor oder als 
Reduzierung des Gesamtnennbetrags wiedergegeben.] 
  
[Falls die Schuldverschreibungen in Form einer CGN begeben werden 
oder CBF als Clearing System gewählt wurde, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
(c) Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen nur teilweise zurückgezahlt 
werden, werden die zurückzuzahlenden Schuldverschreibungen

--- Page 39 ---
38 
in Übereinstimmung mit den Regeln des Clearing Systems 
ausgewählt.] 
 
 
Falls die Emittentin das 
Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibung 
innerhalb 
eines 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungszeitraums 
vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen, 
ist folgendes anwendbar: 
[(5)] Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin (Call). 
(a) Die Emittentin hat, nach Ausübung des entsprechenden Wahlrechts 
(Call) gemäß nachfolgendem Buchstaben (b) das Recht, die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
innerhalb 
des/der 
vorzeitigen 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungszeitraums/-räume (Call) zum/zu den vorzeitigen Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag/-beträgen (Call), wie nachstehend angegeben, 
nebst 
etwaigen 
bis 
zum 
maßgeblichen 
Rückzahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) aufgelaufenen Zinsen insgesamt oder teilweise 
zurückzuzahlen. 
[Wenn 
für 
teilweise 
Rückzahlung 
ein 
Mindestvolumen oder ein festgelegtes Volumen gelten soll, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: Eine solche Rückzahlung muss in Höhe 
eines Gesamtnennbetrages von [bei einem Mindestvolumen, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: mindestens [●]] [bei einem festgelegten 
Volumen, ist folgendes anwendbar: [●]] erfolgen.] 
 
vorzeitige(r) Wahl-Rückzahlungszeitraum/-
räume (Call) 
vorzeitige(r) Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/ 
-beträge (Call) 
 
[●] 
[●] 
 
[[●]] 
[[●]] 
 
[Falls der Gläubiger ein Wahlrecht hat, die vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung der Schuldverschreibungen zu verlangen (Put), 
ist folgendes anwendbar: 
 
Der Emittentin steht dieses Recht nicht in Bezug auf eine 
Schuldverschreibung zu, deren Rückzahlung bereits ein Gläubiger 
in Ausübung seines Rechts nach § 5 Absatz [6] verlangt hat.] 
 
(b) Die Ausübung des Wahlrechts (Call) ist den Gläubigern der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
durch 
die 
Emittentin 
gemäß 
§ 12 bekanntzugeben. Sie beinhaltet die folgenden Angaben: 
 
(i) 
die zurückzuzahlende Serie der Schuldverschreibungen; 
 
(ii) 
eine Erklärung, ob diese Serie ganz oder teilweise 
zurückgezahlt 
wird 
und 
im 
letzteren 
Fall 
den 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
 
(iii) 
den maßgeblichen Rückzahlungstag, der nicht weniger als 
[Mindestkündigungsfrist] 
und 
nicht 
mehr 
als 
[Höchstkündigungsfrist] Tage nach dem Tag der Ausübung 
des Wahlrechts (Call) durch die Emittentin gegenüber den 
Gläubigern liegen darf; und 
 
(iv) 
den vorzeitigen Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call), zu dem die 
Schuldverschreibungen zurückgezahlt werden. 
 
[Falls die Schuldverschreibungen in Form einer NGN begeben werden, 
ist folgendes anwendbar: 
 
(c) Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen nur teilweise zurückgezahlt 
werden, wird die teilweise Rückzahlung in den Registern der ICSDs 
nach deren Ermessen entweder als Pool-Faktor oder als 
Reduzierung des Gesamtnennbetrags wiedergegeben.]

--- Page 40 ---
39 
 
[Falls die Schuldverschreibungen in Form einer CGN begeben werden 
oder CBF als Clearing System gewählt wurde, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
 
(c) Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen nur teilweise zurückgezahlt 
werden, werden die zurückzuzahlenden Schuldverschreibungen 
in Übereinstimmung mit den Regeln des Clearing Systems 
ausgewählt.] 
 
 
Falls der Gläubiger ein 
Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die 
vorzeitige Rückzahlung der 
Schuldverschreibungen zu 
festgelegten 
Zeitpunkten 
zu verlangen, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
[(6)] Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl des Gläubigers (Put). 
(a) Die Emittentin hat eine Schuldverschreibung nach Ausübung des 
entsprechenden Wahlrechts (Put) durch den Gläubiger am 
vorzeitigen Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Put) zum/zu den vorzeitigen 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/beträgen 
(Put), 
wie 
nachstehend 
angegeben 
nebst 
etwaigen 
bis 
zum 
vorzeitigen 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag (Put) (ausschließlich) aufgelaufenen Zinsen 
zurückzuzahlen: 
 
vorzeitige(r) Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e) 
(Put) 
vorzeitige(r) Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/ 
-beträge (Put) 
[●] 
[●] 
[[●]] 
[[●]] 
 
[Falls 
die 
Emittentin 
das 
Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zurückzuzahlen, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
 
Dem Gläubiger steht dieses Wahlrecht nicht in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen zu, deren Rückzahlung die Emittentin zuvor 
in Ausübung ihres Rechts nach diesem § 5 verlangt hat.] 
 
(b) Um dieses Wahlrecht auszuüben, hat der Gläubiger nicht weniger 
als 
[Mindestkündigungsfrist] 
und 
nicht 
mehr 
als 
[Höchstkündigungsfrist] Tage 
vor 
dem 
vorzeitigen 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag (Put), an dem die Rückzahlung gemäß der 
Ausübungserklärung (wie nachstehend definiert) erfolgen soll, an 
die 
bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle 
der 
Emissionsstelle 
eine 
schriftliche, ordnungsgemäß ausgefüllte Mitteilung zur vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung („Ausübungserklärung“) zu schicken. Falls die 
Ausübungserklärung nach 17:00 Uhr (Frankfurt am Main Ortszeit) 
am [Mindestkündigungsfrist] Tag vor Beginn des maßgeblichen 
vorzeitigem Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Put) eingeht, ist das Wahlrecht 
nicht wirksam ausgeübt. Die Ausübung des Wahlrechts kann nicht 
widerrufen werden. Die Ausübungserklärung muss folgende Punkte 
beinhalten: 
 
(i) 
den Nennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen, für die das 
Wahlrecht ausgeübt wird[,] [und] 
 
(ii) 
die Wertpapierkennnummer dieser Schuldverschreibungen 
(soweit vergeben)[.] 
 
[Im Falle der Verwahrung der Globalurkunde durch CBF, ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: 
und 
(iii) Kontaktdaten 
sowie 
eine 
Kontoverbindung]. 
 
Für die Ausübungserklärung kann ein Formblatt, wie es bei der 
bezeichneten Geschäftsstelle der Emissionsstelle in deutscher und 
englischer Sprache erhältlich ist und das weitere Hinweise enthält, 
verwendet werden.

--- Page 41 ---
40 
 
Die Rückzahlung der Schuldverschreibungen, für welche das 
Wahlrecht ausgeübt worden ist, erfolgt nur gegen Lieferung der 
Schuldverschreibungen an die Emittentin oder deren Order. 
 
 
 
[(7)] Vorzeitiger Rückzahlungsbetrag. Für die Zwecke des § 9 und des 
§ 5 Absatz 2 [und 3] entspricht der vorzeitige Rückzahlungsbetrag einer 
Schuldverschreibung 
dem 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(„vorzeitiger 
Rückzahlungsbetrag“). 
 
§ 6 
DIE EMISSIONSSTELLE [UND DIE ZAHLSTELLE[N]] 
 
(1) Bestellung; bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle. Die anfänglich bestellte 
Emissionsstelle [und die Zahlstelle[n]] und ihre bezeichneten Geschäftsstellen 
lauten wie folgt: 
 
Emissionsstelle: 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Deutschland 
 
Zahlstelle: 
[Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Deutschland] 
 
[andere Zahlstelle[n] und deren bezeichnete[n] Geschäftsstelle[n]] 
 
Die Emissionsstelle [und die Zahlstelle[n]] behalten sich das Recht vor, 
jederzeit ihre bezeichneten Geschäftsstellen durch eine andere bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle in demselben Land zu ersetzen. 
 
(2) Änderung der Bestellung oder Abberufung. Die Emittentin behält sich 
das Recht vor, jederzeit die Bestellung der Emissionsstelle oder einer 
Zahlstelle zu ändern oder zu beenden und eine andere Emissionsstelle oder 
zusätzliche oder andere Zahlstellen zu bestellen. Die Emittentin wird zu jedem 
Zeitpunkt [(i)] eine Emissionsstelle und eine Zahlstelle unterhalten [im Falle 
von Zahlungen in U.S.-Dollar, ist folgendes anwendbar: und (ii) falls 
Zahlungen bei den oder durch die Geschäftsstellen aller Zahlstellen außerhalb 
der Vereinigten Staaten (wie in § 4 Absatz 3 definiert) aufgrund der Einführung 
von Devisenbeschränkungen oder ähnlichen Beschränkungen hinsichtlich der 
vollständigen Zahlung oder des Empfangs der entsprechenden Beträge in 
U.S.-Dollar widerrechtlich oder tatsächlich ausgeschlossen werden, eine 
Zahlstelle mit bezeichneter Geschäftsstelle in New York City oder einer 
anderen Stadt in den Vereinigten Staaten unterhalten]. Die Emittentin wird die 
Gläubiger über eine Änderung, Abberufung, Bestellung oder einen sonstigen 
Wechsel im Hinblick auf die Emissionsstelle [und die Zahlstelle[n]] 
unverzüglich gemäß § 12 informieren. 
 
(3) Beauftragte der Emittentin. Die Emissionsstelle [und die Zahlstelle[n]] 
handeln ausschließlich als Beauftragte der Emittentin und übernehmen 
keinerlei Verpflichtungen gegenüber den Gläubigern und es wird kein 
Auftrags- oder Treuhandverhältnis zwischen ihnen und den Gläubigern 
begründet. 
 
§ 7 
STEUERN 
 
Sämtliche auf die Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlenden Beträge (seien 
es Kapital oder Zinsen) sind an der Quelle ohne Abzug oder Einbehalt von

--- Page 42 ---
41 
oder aufgrund von gegenwärtig oder zukünftig bestehenden Steuern oder 
sonstigen Abgaben gleich welcher Art zu leisten, die von der Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland [Im Falle der Emission von Schuldverschreibungen durch 
SFM einfügen: oder den Niederlanden] [Im Falle der Emission von 
Schuldverschreibungen durch SCC einfügen: oder den Vereinigten 
Staaten] oder für deren Rechnung oder von oder für Rechnung einer mit dem 
Recht zur Steuererhebung versehenen politischen Untergliederung oder 
Behörde der Vorgenannten auferlegt oder erhoben werden, es sei denn, dieser 
Abzug oder Einbehalt ist gesetzlich vorgeschrieben. In diesem Fall wird die 
Emittentin diejenigen zusätzlichen Beträge („zusätzlichen Beträge“) zahlen, 
die erforderlich sind, damit die den Gläubigern zufließenden Nettobeträge 
nach diesem Abzug oder Einbehalt jeweils den Beträgen an Kapital und Zinsen 
entsprechen, die die Gläubiger ohne einen solchen Abzug oder Einbehalt 
erhalten hätten. Die Verpflichtung zur Zahlung solcher zusätzlicher Beträge in 
Bezug auf Zahlungen auf eine Schuldverschreibung besteht jedoch nicht im 
Hinblick auf Steuern und Abgaben, die: 
 
(a) von einer als Depotbank oder Inkassobeauftragter des Gläubigers 
handelnden Person abgezogen oder einbehalten werden oder sonst 
auf andere Weise zu entrichten sind als dadurch, dass die Emittentin 
aus den von ihr zu leistenden Zahlungen von Kapital oder Zinsen 
einen Abzug oder Einbehalt vornimmt; oder 
 
(b) wegen einer gegenwärtigen oder früheren persönlichen oder 
geschäftlichen Beziehung des Gläubigers zu den Niederlanden, den 
Vereinigten Staaten oder der Bundesrepublik Deutschland zu zahlen 
sind, 
und 
nicht 
allein 
deshalb, 
weil 
Zahlungen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen aus Quellen in den Niederlanden, den 
Vereinigten 
Staaten 
oder 
der 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland 
stammen, (oder für Zwecke der Besteuerung so behandelt werden) 
oder dort besichert sind; oder 
 
(c) aufgrund (i) einer Richtlinie oder Verordnung der Europäischen 
Union betreffend die Besteuerung von Zinserträgen oder (ii) eines 
zwischenstaatlichen Abkommens oder einer zwischenstaatlichen 
Vereinbarung über deren Besteuerung, an der die Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland [Im Falle der Emission von Schuldverschreibungen 
durch SFM einfügen: oder die Niederlande] [Im Falle der 
Emission von Schuldverschreibungen durch SCC einfügen: 
oder die Vereinigten Staaten] oder die Europäischen Union beteiligt 
ist/sind, oder (iii) einer gesetzlichen Vorschrift, die diese Richtlinie, 
Verordnung, Abkommen oder Vereinbarung umsetzt oder befolgt 
oder zur Anpassung an diese eingeführt wurde, abzuziehen oder 
einzubehalten sind; oder 
 
(d) zu zahlen sind, wenn die Schuldverschreibung mehr als 30 Tage 
nach dem Relevanten Datum zur Zahlung vorgelegt wird, es sei 
denn, der betreffende Gläubiger einer solchen Schuldverschreibung 
hätte auch bei Vorlegung am Ende oder vor Ablauf dieses Zeitraums 
von 30 Tagen einen Anspruch auf Erhalt dieser zusätzlichen 
Beträge gehabt; oder 
Im 
Falle 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die von der SCC begeben 
werden, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: 
(e) (i) nicht erhoben worden wären, wenn der Gläubiger oder der 
wirtschaftliche Eigentümer einer solchen Schuldverschreibung den 
Bescheinigungs-, Informations-, Dokumentations- oder anderen 
Berichtspflichten nachgekommen wäre, die sich auf die Nationalität, 
den Wohnsitz, die Identität oder gegenwärtige bzw. frühere 
Beziehungen zu den Vereinigten Staaten beziehen, sofern dies 
aufgrund 
von 
Gesetzen, 
Vorschriften 
oder 
gerichtlichen 
Entscheidungen der Vereinigten Staaten, einer Gebietskörperschaft 
der Vereinigten Staaten oder einer Steuerbehörde der Vereinigten 
Staaten eine Voraussetzung für die Entlastung oder Befreiung von 
solchen Steuern oder sonstigen Abgaben wäre, (ii) auf Zinsen

--- Page 43 ---
42 
erhoben werden, die eine Person erhalten hat, die tatsächlich oder 
unterstellt, gegenwärtig oder in der Zukunft 10 Prozent oder mehr 
der Stimmrechte aller Aktiengattungen der Siemens Corporation, 
New York, NY, USA hält (falls die Siemens Corporation die alleinige 
Gesellschafterin der Emittentin ist) oder, 10 Prozent oder mehr des 
Kapital- oder Gewinnanteils der Emittentin hält, (falls es zwei oder 
mehrere Gesellschafter der Emittentin gibt), (iii) auf Zinsen erhoben 
werden, die eine Person erhalten hat, die im Hinblick auf die 
Vereinigten Staaten eine beherrschte ausländische Gesellschaft ist, 
die zu der Emittentin nahestehend ist, (iv) auf Zinsen erhoben 
werden, die eine Bank im Sinne von Section 881(c)(3)(A) des 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code von 1986, in der jeweils gültigen 
Fassung („Gesetzbuch“), erhalten hat, (v) auf Beträge erhoben 
werden, die dem Einbehalt nach Section 1443 des Gesetzbuches 
(Einbehalt 
im 
Hinblick 
auf 
ausländische 
steuerbefreite 
Organisationen) unterliegen oder (vi) auf bedingte Zinsen im Sinne 
von Section 871 (h) (4) des Code erhoben werden; oder 
 
 
 
[(f)] aufgrund einer Rechtsänderung zu zahlen sind, welche später als 
30 Tage nach Fälligkeit der betreffenden Zahlung von Kapital oder 
Zinsen oder, wenn dies später erfolgt, nach ordnungsgemäßer 
Bereitstellung aller fälligen Beträge und einer diesbezüglichen 
Bekanntmachung gemäß § 12 wirksam wird; oder 
 
[(g)] von einer Zahlstelle abgezogen oder einbehalten werden, wenn eine 
andere Zahlstelle die Zahlung ohne einen solchen Abzug oder 
Einbehalt hätte leisten können. 
 
Im Sinne dieser Emissionsbedingungen bezeichnet das „Relevante 
Datum“ im Hinblick auf jede Zahlung das Datum, zu dem diese Zahlung 
erstmalig fällig und zahlbar wird; falls jedoch die zahlbaren Gelder nicht in 
voller Höhe an oder vor diesem Fälligkeitsdatum bei der Emissionsstelle 
eingegangen sind, bezeichnet es das erste Datum, an dem die Gelder in voller 
Höhe bei der Emissionsstelle eingegangen sind und zur Zahlung an die 
Gläubiger der betreffenden Serien zur Verfügung stehen und eine 
entsprechende Bekanntmachung an die Gläubiger gemäß § 12 erfolgt ist. 
 
Ungeachtet anderer Regelungen in diesen Emissionsbedingungen haftet 
die Emittentin nicht und ist auch nicht anderweitig zur Zahlung von Steuern, 
Abgaben, Quellensteuer oder sonstigen Zahlungen verpflichtet, die sich 
infolge eines Steuereinbehalts oder Abzugs gemäß den Bestimmungen der 
Sections 1471 bis 1474 (bezogen auf den Foreign Account Tax Compliance 
Act, „FATCA“) des U.S. Internal Revenue Codes von 1986, in der jeweils 
gültigen Fassung, ergeben könnten. Dies schließt jede Änderung oder 
Nachfolgeregelung, die (i) aufgrund eines zwischenstaatlichen Abkommens, 
(ii) aufgrund von Durchführungsbestimmungen, welche von einer anderen 
Rechtsordnung im Zusammenhang mit diesen Bestimmungen verabschiedet 
wurden, oder (iii) aufgrund von Vereinbarungen mit dem U.S. Internal 
Revenue Service mit ein, die im Ergebnis dazu führt, dass ein Gläubiger, 
wirtschaftlicher Eigentümer oder ein nicht im Auftrag der Emittentin handelnder 
Intermediär nicht zum Erhalt von Zahlungen ohne Abzug entsprechender 
Quellensteuer berechtigt ist. Die Emittentin ist aufgrund einer solchen durch 
die Emittentin, einer Zahlstelle oder einer anderen Partei abgezogenen oder 
einbehaltenen Quellensteuer nicht zur Zahlung zusätzlicher Beträge oder 
anderweitig zur Entschädigung eines Gläubigers von Schuldverschreibungen 
verpflichtet. 
 
§ 8 
VORLEGUNGSFRIST 
 
Die in § 801 Absatz 1 Satz 1 BGB bestimmte Vorlegungsfrist wird für die 
Schuldverschreibungen auf zehn Jahre verkürzt.

--- Page 44 ---
43 
 
§ 9 
KÜNDIGUNG 
 
(1) 
Kündigungsgründe. 
Jeder 
Gläubiger 
ist 
berechtigt, 
seine 
Schuldverschreibung zu kündigen und deren sofortige Rückzahlung zu ihrem 
vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag (wie in § 5 beschrieben), zuzüglich etwaiger 
bis zum Tage der Rückzahlung (ausschließlich) aufgelaufener und nicht 
bezahlter Zinsen zu verlangen, falls: 
 
(a) Kapital oder Zinsen nicht innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach dem 
betreffenden Fälligkeitstermin gezahlt sind, vorbehaltlich § 4 
Absatz 8; oder 
 
(b) die Emittentin eine andere wesentliche Verpflichtung aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen nicht ordnungsgemäß erfüllt [im Falle von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die von der SFM oder der SCC 
begeben werden, ist folgendes anwendbar: oder die Garantin 
ihre 
in 
§ 2 
Absatz 4 
beschriebene 
Verpflichtung 
(Negativverpflichtung der Garantin) nicht erfüllt] und diese 
Nichterfüllung länger als 60 Tage fortdauert, nachdem die 
Emissionsstelle hierüber eine Benachrichtigung von einem 
Gläubiger erhalten hat; oder 
 
(c) die Emittentin [im Falle von Schuldverschreibungen, die von der 
SFM oder der SCC begeben werden, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
oder die Garantin] erklärt, zur Erfüllung ihrer finanziellen 
Verpflichtungen nicht in der Lage zu sein; oder 
 
(d) ein zuständiges Gericht ein Insolvenzverfahren gegen die Emittentin 
[im Falle von Schuldverschreibungen, die von der SFM oder der 
SCC begeben werden, ist folgendes anwendbar: oder die 
Garantin] 
eröffnet, 
oder 
die 
Emittentin 
[im 
Falle 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die von der SFM oder der SCC 
begeben werden, ist folgendes anwendbar: oder die Garantin] ein 
solches Verfahren einleitet oder beantragt [im Falle von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die von der SFM begeben werden, ist 
folgendes anwendbar:, oder die Emittentin beantragt eine 
„surseance van betaling“ (im Sinne des Niederländischen 
Insolvenzgesetzes, Faillissementswet)]; dieser Absatz gilt nicht für 
ungerechtfertigte und schikanöse Verfahren, die unbegründet sind; 
oder 
 
(e) die Emittentin [im Falle von Schuldverschreibungen, die von der 
SFM oder der SCC begeben werden, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
oder die Garantin] in Liquidation tritt, es sei denn, dies geschieht im 
Zusammenhang mit einer Verschmelzung, Fusion oder einer 
anderen Form des Zusammenschlusses mit einer anderen 
Gesellschaft oder im Zusammenhang mit einer Umstrukturierung 
und 
die 
andere 
oder 
neue 
Gesellschaft 
übernimmt 
alle 
Verpflichtungen, 
die 
die 
Emittentin 
[im 
Falle 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die von der SFM oder der SCC 
begeben werden, ist folgendes anwendbar: oder die Garantin] im 
Zusammenhang mit den Schuldverschreibungen eingegangen 
ist[.][; oder] 
im 
Falle 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die von der SFM oder der 
SCC begeben werden, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: 
(f) die Garantie ungültig ist. 
 
 
 
(2) Das Kündigungsrecht erlischt, falls der Kündigungsgrund vor 
Ausübung des Rechts geheilt wurde oder entfallen ist.

--- Page 45 ---
44 
 
(3) Benachrichtigung. Eine Benachrichtigung gemäß vorstehendem 
Absatz 1 einschließlich einer Kündigung der Schuldverschreibungen ist in 
Textform in deutscher oder englischer Sprache gegenüber der Emissionsstelle 
zu erklären. Der Benachrichtigung ist ein Nachweis beizufügen, aus dem sich 
ergibt, dass der betreffende Gläubiger zum Zeitpunkt der Abgabe der 
Benachrichtigung Inhaber der betreffenden Schuldverschreibung ist. Der 
Nachweis kann durch eine Bescheinigung der Depotbank (wie in § 14 Absatz 3 
definiert) oder auf andere geeignete Weise erbracht werden. 
 
(4) Quorum. Eine Kündigung gemäß § 9 Absatz 1(b) wird, sofern nicht 
bei deren Eingang zugleich mindestens einer der in § 9 Absätze 1(a) und 1(c) 
bis [1(e)][1(f)] bezeichneten Kündigungsgründe vorliegt, erst wirksam, wenn 
bei 
der 
Emissionsstelle 
Kündigungserklärungen 
von 
Gläubigern 
im 
Nennbetrag von mindestens 25 % der zu diesem Zeitpunkt ausstehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen eingegangen sind. 
 
§ 10 
ERSETZUNG DER EMITTENTIN 
 
(1) Ersetzung. Die Emittentin ist jederzeit berechtigt, sofern sie sich nicht 
mit einer Zahlung von Kapital oder Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen in 
Verzug befindet, ohne Zustimmung der Gläubiger [im Falle von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die von der SFM oder der SCC begeben werden, 
ist folgendes anwendbar: die Garantin oder jedes andere mit der Garantin 
im Sinne der §§ 15 ff. AktG verbundene Unternehmen] [im Falle von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die von der Siemens AG begeben werden, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: jedes mit der Emittentin im Sinne der §§ 15 ff. AktG 
verbundene 
Unternehmen] 
an 
ihrer 
Stelle 
als 
Hauptschuldnerin 
(„Nachfolgeschuldnerin“) 
für 
alle 
Verpflichtungen 
aus 
und 
im 
Zusammenhang mit dieser Emission einzusetzen, vorausgesetzt, dass: 
 
(a) die Nachfolgeschuldnerin alle Verpflichtungen der Emittentin in 
Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen übernimmt; 
 
(b) die Nachfolgeschuldnerin alle erforderlichen Genehmigungen 
erhalten hat und berechtigt ist, an die Emissionsstelle die zur 
Erfüllung 
der 
Zahlungsverpflichtungen 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen erforderlichen Beträge in der hierin 
festgelegten Währung zu zahlen, ohne verpflichtet zu sein, jeweils 
in dem Land, in dem die Nachfolgeschuldnerin oder die Emittentin 
ihren Sitz oder Steuersitz haben, erhobene Steuern oder andere 
Abgaben jeder Art abzuziehen oder einzubehalten; 
 
(c) die Nachfolgeschuldnerin sich verpflichtet hat, jeden Gläubiger 
hinsichtlich solcher Quellensteuern, Abgaben oder behördlichen 
Lasten freizustellen, die einem Gläubiger bezüglich der Ersetzung 
auferlegt werden, ausgenommen wie in § 7 beschrieben; 
Im 
Falle 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die von der Siemens AG 
begeben 
werden, 
ist 
folgendes anwendbar: 
(d) die Emittentin unwiderruflich und unbedingt die Zahlung aller von der 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin auf die Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren 
Beträge gegenüber einem Treuhänder garantiert. Diese Garantie 
muss 
den 
Bedingungen 
der 
Garantie 
der 
Emittentin 
für 
Schuldverschreibungen, die die Emittentin für etwaige von der SFM 
oder der SCC unter dem Emissionsprogramm, auf dessen 
Grundlage die Schuldverschreibungen begeben wurden, begebene 
Schuldverschreibungen übernahm, entsprechen; und 
 
 
Im 
Falle 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die von der SFM oder der 
SCC begeben werden, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: 
(d) die Garantin, sofern sie nicht selbst die Nachfolgeschuldnerin ist, 
unwiderruflich 
und 
unbedingt 
die 
Zahlung 
aller 
von 
der 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin auf die Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren 
Beträge zu Bedingungen garantiert, die den Bedingungen der 
Garantie gemäß § 2 Absatz 2 entsprechen; und

--- Page 46 ---
45 
 
(e) der Emissionsstelle jeweils ein Rechtsgutachten bezüglich der 
betroffenen Rechtsordnungen von anerkannten Rechtsanwälten 
vorgelegt werden, die bestätigen, dass die Bestimmungen in den 
vorstehenden Unterabsätzen (a), (b), (c) und (d) erfüllt wurden. Die 
Auswahl der Rechtsanwälte erfolgt durch die Siemens AG. 
 
(2) 
Bekanntmachung. 
Jede 
Ersetzung 
ist 
gemäß 
§ 12 
bekanntzumachen. 
 
(3) Änderung von Bezugnahmen. Im Falle einer Ersetzung gilt jede 
Bezugnahme in diesen Emissionsbedingungen auf die Emittentin ab dem 
Zeitpunkt der Ersetzung als Bezugnahme auf die Nachfolgeschuldnerin und 
jede Bezugnahme auf das Land, in dem die Emittentin ihren Sitz oder 
Steuersitz hat, gilt ab diesem Zeitpunkt als Bezugnahme auf das Land, in dem 
die Nachfolgeschuldnerin ihren Sitz oder Steuersitz hat.  
 
Außerdem gilt im Falle der Ersetzung folgendes: 
Im 
Falle 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die von der SFM oder der 
SCC begeben werden, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: 
(a) In § 7 und § 5 Absatz 2 gilt eine alternative Bezugnahme auf [im 
Falle von Schuldverschreibungen, die von der SFM begeben 
werden: die Niederlande] [im Falle von Schuldverschreibungen, 
die von der SCC begeben werden: die Vereinigten Staaten] als 
aufgenommen (zusätzlich zu der Bezugnahme nach Maßgabe des 
vorstehenden 
Satzes 
auf 
das 
Land, 
in 
dem 
die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin ihren Sitz oder Steuersitz hat); und 
 
(b) Sofern gemäß § 10 Absatz 1(d) eine Garantie auszustellen ist, gilt 
jede Bezugnahme in diesen Emissionsbedingungen auf die Garantie 
ab dem Zeitpunkt der Ersetzung als Bezugnahme auf diese gemäß 
§ 10 Absatz 1(d) auszustellende Garantie. 
 
 
Im 
Falle 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die von der Siemens AG 
begeben 
werden, 
ist 
folgendes anwendbar: 
(a) in § 7 und § 5 Absatz 2 gilt eine alternative Bezugnahme auf die 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland als aufgenommen (zusätzlich zu der 
Bezugnahme nach Maßgabe des vorstehenden Satzes auf das 
Land, in dem die Nachfolgeschuldnerin ihren Sitz oder Steuersitz 
hat); 
 
(b) in § 9 Absatz 1(b) bis (e) gilt eine alternative Bezugnahme auf die 
Emittentin in ihrer Eigenschaft als Garantin als aufgenommen 
(zusätzlich zu der Bezugnahme auf die Nachfolgeschuldnerin); und 
 
(c) § 9 
gilt 
als 
dergestalt 
ergänzt, 
dass 
ein 
zusätzlicher 
Kündigungsgrund unter dieser Bestimmung die Ungültigkeit der 
nach § 10 Absatz 1(d) auszustellenden Garantie ist. 
 
 
 
§ 11 
BEGEBUNG WEITERER SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN, ANKAUF UND 
ENTWERTUNG 
 
(1) Begebung weiterer Schuldverschreibungen. Die Emittentin ist 
jederzeit 
berechtigt, 
ohne 
Zustimmung 
der 
Gläubiger 
weitere 
Schuldverschreibungen mit den gleichen Bedingungen (gegebenenfalls mit 
Ausnahme des Tags der Begebung, des Verzinsungsbeginns und/oder des 
Ausgabepreises) 
in 
der 
Weise 
zu 
begeben, 
dass 
sie 
mit 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen eine einheitliche Serie bilden.  
 
(2) Ankauf. Die Emittentin [im Falle von Schuldverschreibungen, die 
von der SFM oder SCC begeben werden, ist folgendes anwendbar: und 
die Garantin] [ist] [sind] berechtigt, jederzeit die Schuldverschreibungen im 
Markt oder anderweitig zu jedem beliebigen Preis zu kaufen. Die von der 
Emittentin [im Falle von Schuldverschreibungen, die von der SFM oder 
SCC begeben werden, ist folgendes anwendbar: oder der Garantin] 
erworbenen Schuldverschreibungen können nach Wahl der Emittentin [im 
Falle von Schuldverschreibungen, die von der SFM oder SCC begeben

--- Page 47 ---
46 
werden, ist folgendes anwendbar: oder der Garantin] von ihr gehalten, 
weiterverkauft oder bei der Emissionsstelle zwecks Entwertung eingereicht 
werden. 
 
(3) 
Entwertung. 
Sämtliche 
vollständig 
zurückgezahlten 
Schuldverschreibungen werden unverzüglich entwertet und können nicht 
wieder begeben oder wieder verkauft werden. 
 
§ 12 
MITTEILUNGEN 
Im 
Falle 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die am regulierten Markt 
der 
Luxemburger 
Börse 
notiert sind, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
(1) Bekanntmachung. Alle nach diesen Emissionsbedingungen bekannt 
zu machenden Mitteilungen erfolgen durch elektronische Publikation auf der 
Website der Luxemburger Börse (www.luxse.com). Jede derartige Mitteilung 
gilt am dritten Tag nach dem Tag der Veröffentlichung als wirksam erfolgt. [Im 
Falle von Schuldverschreibungen, die von der Siemens AG begeben 
werden, ist folgendes anwendbar: Alle nach diesen Emissionsbedingungen 
bekannt zu machenden Mitteilungen werden (soweit erforderlich) zusätzlich im 
Bundesanzeiger veröffentlicht.] 
 
(2) Mitteilungen an das Clearing System. Soweit die Regeln der 
Luxemburger Börse es zulassen, kann die Emittentin eine Veröffentlichung 
nach § 12 Absatz 1 durch eine Mitteilung an das Clearing System 
zur Weiterleitung an die Gläubiger ersetzen; jede derartige Mitteilung gilt am 
vierten Tag nach dem Tag der Mitteilung an das Clearing System als den 
Gläubigern wirksam mitgeteilt. 
 
 
Im 
Falle 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die an einer anderen Börse 
als der Luxemburger Börse 
notiert sind, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
(1) Bekanntmachung. Alle nach diesen Emissionsbedingungen bekannt 
zu machenden Mitteilungen werden [Ort und Medium der Bekanntmachung 
wie von den Regeln einer Notierungsbehörde / Börse gefordert einfügen] 
und, soweit erforderlich, [Im Falle von Schuldverschreibungen, die von der 
SFM / SCC begeben werden, ist folgendes anwendbar: durch elektronische 
Publikation auf der Website der Luxemburger Börse (www.luxse.com)] [Im 
Falle von Schuldverschreibungen, die von der Siemens AG begeben 
werden, ist folgendes anwendbar: im Bundesanzeiger] veröffentlicht. Jede 
derartige Mitteilung gilt am dritten Tag nach dem Tag der Veröffentlichung als 
wirksam erfolgt. 
 
(2) Mitteilungen an das Clearing System. Soweit rechtlich zulässig und 
sofern die Regeln der Börse, an der die Schuldverschreibungen notiert sind, 
diese Form der Mitteilung zulassen, ist die Emittentin berechtigt, eine 
Veröffentlichung nach § 12 Absatz 1 durch eine Mitteilung an das Clearing 
System zur Weiterleitung an die Gläubiger zu ersetzen. Jede derartige 
Mitteilung gilt am vierten Tag nach dem Tag der Mitteilung an das Clearing 
System als den Gläubigern wirksam mitgeteilt. 
 
 
Im 
Falle 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die nicht notiert sind, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: 
(1) Mitteilungen an das Clearing System. Die Emittentin wird alle nach 
diesen Emissionsbedingungen bekannt zu machenden Mitteilungen an das 
Clearing System zur Weiterleitung an die Gläubiger übermitteln. Jede derartige 
Mitteilung gilt am vierten Tag nach dem Tag der Mitteilung an das Clearing 
System als den Gläubigern wirksam mitgeteilt. 
 
 
 
[(2)][(3)] Form der Mitteilung. Mitteilungen, die von einem Gläubiger 
gemacht werden, müssen in Textform in deutscher oder englischer Sprache 
erfolgen. Der Mitteilung ist ein Nachweis beizufügen, aus dem sich ergibt, dass 
der betreffende Gläubiger zum Zeitpunkt der Abgabe der Benachrichtigung 
Inhaber der betreffenden Schuldverschreibung ist. Der Nachweis kann durch 
eine Bescheinigung der Depotbank (wie in § 14 Absatz 3 definiert) oder auf 
andere geeignete Weise erbracht werden. Solange Zahlungen unter diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen über das Clearing System abgewickelt werden, kann 
eine solche Mitteilung von einem Gläubiger an die Emissionsstelle über das

--- Page 48 ---
47 
Clearing System in der von der Emissionsstelle und dem Clearing System 
dafür vorgesehenen Weise erfolgen. 
 
§ 13 
ÄNDERUNG DER EMISSIONSBEDINGUNGEN, GEMEINSAMER 
VERTRETER [, ÄNDERUNG DER GARANTIE] 
 
(1) Änderung der Emissionsbedingungen. Die Emittentin kann gemäß 
§§ 5 ff. des Gesetzes über Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen 
(Schuldverschreibungsgesetz — „SchVG“) in seiner jeweils gültigen Fassung 
mit 
Zustimmung 
aufgrund 
Mehrheitsbeschlusses 
der 
Gläubiger 
die 
Emissionsbedingungen ändern. Die Gläubiger können mit den in § 13 
Absatz 2 genannten Mehrheiten insbesondere Änderungen zustimmen, 
welche den wesentlichen Inhalt der Emissionsbedingungen verändern, 
einschließlich der in § 5 Absatz 3 SchVG genannten Maßnahmen, aber mit 
Ausnahme der Ersetzung der Emittentin, welche ausschließlich den 
Bestimmungen von § 10 unterliegt. Die Mehrheitsbeschlüsse sind für alle 
Gläubiger verbindlich. 
 
(2) Mehrheitserfordernisse. Vorbehaltlich der Bestimmungen des 
folgenden Satzes und der Erreichung der Beschlussfähigkeit, beschließen die 
Gläubiger mit der einfachen Mehrheit der an der Abstimmung teilnehmenden 
Stimmrechte. 
Beschlüsse, 
welche 
den 
wesentlichen 
Inhalt 
der 
Emissionsbedingungen verändern, insbesondere in den Fällen des § 5 
Absatz 3 Nrn. 1 bis 9 SchVG, bedürfen – vorbehaltlich der Erreichung der 
Beschlussfähigkeit – zu ihrer Wirksamkeit der qualifizierten Mehrheit von 
mindestens 75 % der an der Abstimmung teilnehmenden Stimmrechte 
(die „Qualifizierte Mehrheit“). 
 
(3) Abstimmung ohne Versammlung. Alle Abstimmungen werden 
vorbehaltlich des nächsten Satzes ausschließlich im Wege der Abstimmung 
ohne Versammlung durchgeführt. Eine Gläubigerversammlung und eine 
Übernahme der Kosten für eine solche Versammlung durch die Emittentin 
findet ausschließlich im Falle des § 18 Absatz 4 Satz 2 SchVG statt. Die 
Aufforderung zur Stimmabgabe enthält weitere Ausführungen hinsichtlich der 
zu fassenden Beschlüsse und der Abstimmungsmodalitäten. Der Gegenstand 
der Abstimmung sowie die vorgeschlagenen Beschlüsse werden den 
Gläubigern zusammen mit der Aufforderung zur Stimmabgabe bekannt 
gegeben. 
 
(4) Berechtigung zur Teilnahme. Berechtigt zur Teilnahme an der 
Abstimmung 
ohne 
Versammlung 
oder 
im 
Rahmen 
einer 
Gläubigerversammlung gemäß § 18 Absatz 4 Satz 2 SchVG ist jeder 
Gläubiger nach Maßgabe des Nennwerts oder des rechnerischen Anteils 
seiner Berechtigung an den ausstehenden Schuldverschreibungen. Für den 
Nachweis der Berechtigung zur Teilnahme an der Abstimmung reicht ein auf 
den Tag der Abstimmung datierter in Textform erstellter besonderer Nachweis 
der Depotbank (wie in § 14 Absatz 3 definiert) des jeweiligen Gläubigers aus. 
Kann dieser Nachweis nicht taggenau beigebracht werden, ist zusätzlich die 
Vorlage eines Sperrvermerks der Depotbank des jeweiligen Gläubigers 
erforderlich, aus dem hervorgeht, dass die relevanten Schuldverschreibungen 
für den Zeitraum vom Ausstellungstag bis zum Zeitpunkt der Stimmabgabe 
nicht übertragen werden können. 
 
(5) Gemeinsamer Vertreter. [Im Falle, dass kein Gemeinsamer 
Vertreter in den Emissionsbedingungen der Schuldverschreibungen 
bestimmt ist, ist folgendes anwendbar: Die Gläubiger können durch 
Mehrheitsbeschluss einen gemeinsamen Vertreter (der „Gemeinsame 
Vertreter“) bestellen oder abberufen, die Pflichten, Verantwortlichkeiten und 
Rechte eines solchen Gemeinsamen Vertreters festlegen, die Übertragung der 
Rechte der Gläubiger auf den Gemeinsamen Vertreter sowie die 
Haftungsbegrenzung 
des 
Gemeinsamen 
Vertreters 
bestimmen. 
Die 
Bestellung eines Gemeinsamen Vertreters bedarf einer Qualifizierten

--- Page 49 ---
48 
Mehrheit, wenn der Gemeinsame Vertreter in Übereinstimmung mit 
§ 13 Absatz 2 autorisiert ist, einer wesentlichen Änderung des Inhalts der 
Emissionsbedingungen zuzustimmen.] 
 
[Im 
Falle, 
dass 
ein 
Gemeinsamer 
Vertreter 
in 
den 
Emissionsbedingungen bestimmt wird, ist folgendes anwendbar: Der 
gemeinsame Vertreter (der „Gemeinsame Vertreter“) ist [Name und 
Anschrift des Gemeinsamen Vertreters sowie die maßgeblichen 
Umstände, sofern der Gemeinsame Vertreter aus den in § 7 Absatz 1 
Satz 2 Nrn. 2-4 SchVG genannten Personengruppen stammt, einfügen]. 
Der Gemeinsame Vertreter hat die Pflichten und Verantwortlichkeiten und 
Rechte, die ihm von Gesetzes wegen zustehen. Die Haftung des 
Gemeinsamen Vertreters ist auf den zehnfachen Betrag seiner jährlichen 
Vergütung begrenzt, es sei denn, der Gemeinsame Vertreter hat vorsätzlich 
oder grob fahrlässig gehandelt. Die Vorschriften des SchVG gelten im Hinblick 
auf die Abberufung des Gemeinsamen Vertreters und die sonstigen Rechte 
und Pflichten des Gemeinsamen Vertreters.] 
 
(6) Bekanntmachungen. Alle Bekanntmachungen diesen § 13 betreffend 
werden in Übereinstimmung mit den §§ 5 ff. SchVG und § 12 dieser 
Emissionsbedingungen getätigt. 
Im 
Falle 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die von SCC oder SFM 
begeben 
werden, 
ist 
folgendes anwendbar: 
(7) Anwendung auf die Garantie. Die oben genannten Bestimmungen für 
die Anwendbarkeit im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen gelten 
entsprechend für die Garantie der Siemens AG. 
 
 
 
§ 14 
ANWENDBARES RECHT, GERICHTSSTAND UND GERICHTLICHE 
GELTENDMACHUNG 
 
(1) Anwendbares Recht. Form und Inhalt der Schuldverschreibungen 
sowie die Rechte und Pflichten der Gläubiger und der Emittentin aus oder im 
Zusammenhang mit den Schuldverschreibungen bestimmen sich unter 
Ausschluss der Kollisionsnormen des deutschen internationalen Privatrechts 
nach deutschem Recht und werden nach diesem ausgelegt. 
 
Soweit gemäß Verordnung (EG) Nr. 864/2007 vom 11. Juli 2007 über 
das auf außervertragliche Schuldverhältnisse anzuwendende Recht („Rom II“) 
zulässig, unterliegen sämtliche nicht-vertraglichen Ansprüche aus oder im 
Zusammenhang mit den Schuldverschreibungen unter Ausschluss der 
Kollisionsnormen des deutschen internationalen Privatrechts dem deutschen 
Recht und werden nach diesem ausgelegt. 
 
(2) Gerichtsstand. Die Emittentin erklärt sich unwiderruflich zu Gunsten 
der Gläubiger damit einverstanden, dass die zuständigen Gerichte in München 
für die gerichtliche Entscheidung über alle Klagen, Prozesse und Verfahren 
und die Beilegung aller Streitigkeiten, die aus oder im Zusammenhang mit den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
entstehen 
können 
(„Verfahren“ 
und 
„Rechtsstreitigkeiten“) ausschließlich zuständig sind, und unterwirft sich zu 
diesem Zweck unwiderruflich der Gerichtsbarkeit dieser Gerichte. Die 
Emittentin verzichtet unwiderruflich auf jede Einrede, die sie jetzt oder später 
dagegen geltend machen könnte, dass die zuständigen Gerichte von München 
als Gerichtsstand für die Anhörung und Entscheidung von Verfahren und die 
Beilegung von Rechtsstreitigkeiten benannt sind und erklärt sich damit 
einverstanden, keinen Einwand der Unzuständigkeit gegen eines dieser 
Gerichte zu erheben. 
 
(3) Gerichtliche Geltendmachung. Jeder Gläubiger ist berechtigt, in 
einem Rechtsstreit gegen die Emittentin oder in einem Rechtsstreit, in dem der 
Gläubiger und die Emittentin Parteien sind, seine Rechte aus diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen im eigenen Namen auf der folgenden Grundlage 
wahrzunehmen oder geltend zu machen: (i) er bringt eine Bescheinigung der 
Depotbank bei, bei der er für die Schuldverschreibungen ein Wertpapierdepot

--- Page 50 ---
49 
unterhält, welche (a) den vollständigen Namen und die vollständige Adresse 
des 
Gläubigers 
enthält, 
(b) den 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen bezeichnet, die unter dem Datum der Bestätigung auf 
dem Wertpapierdepot verbucht sind und (c) bestätigt, dass die Depotbank 
gegenüber dem Clearing System eine schriftliche Erklärung abgegeben hat, 
die die vorstehend unter (a) und (b) bezeichneten Informationen enthält; und 
(ii)  er legt eine Kopie der die betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen 
verbriefenden Globalurkunde vor, deren Übereinstimmung mit dem Original 
eine vertretungsberechtigte Person des Clearing Systems oder des 
Verwahrers des Clearing Systems bestätigt hat, ohne dass eine Vorlage der 
Originalbelege 
oder 
der 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
verbriefenden 
Globalurkunde in einem solchen Verfahren erforderlich wäre. Für die Zwecke 
des Vorstehenden bezeichnet „Depotbank“ jede Bank oder ein sonstiges 
anerkanntes 
Finanzinstitut, 
das 
berechtigt 
ist, 
das 
Wertpapierverwahrungsgeschäft zu betreiben und bei der/dem der Gläubiger 
ein Wertpapierdepot für die Schuldverschreibungen unterhält, einschließlich 
des Clearing Systems. 
 
§ 15 
SPRACHE 
 
Diese Emissionsbedingungen sind in deutscher Sprache abgefasst. Der 
deutsche Text ist bindend und maßgeblich. Die beigefügte Übersetzung in die 
englische Sprache ist unverbindlich.

--- Page 51 ---
50 
 
1.2. OPTION II: Emissionsbedingungen für Schuldverschreibungen mit 
variabler Verzinsung 
 
EMISSIONSBEDINGUNGEN DER SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN  
 
§ 1 
WÄHRUNG, NENNBETRAG, FORM, BEGRIFFSBESTIMMUNGEN 
 
(1) Währung; Nennbetrag. Diese Serie der Schuldverschreibungen 
(„Schuldverschreibungen“) 
der 
[Siemens 
Aktiengesellschaft] 
[Siemens Financieringsmaatschappij N.V.] [Siemens Capital Company LLC] 
(„Emittentin“) wird in [festgelegte Währung] („festgelegte Währung“) im 
Gesamtnennbetrag [Falls die Globalurkunde eine new global note ist, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: vorbehaltlich § 1 Absatz 6] von [Gesamtnennbetrag] 
(in Worten: [Gesamtnennbetrag in Worten]) in einer Stückelung von 
[Nennbetrag] („Nennbetrag“) begeben. 
 
(2) Form. Die Schuldverschreibungen lauten auf den Inhaber. Sie werden 
durch eine [im Falle von Schuldverschreibungen, die anfänglich durch 
eine vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
vorläufige Globalurkunde (wie nachstehend definiert) und nach Austausch 
durch eine Dauerglobalurkunde (wie nachstehend definiert)] [im Falle von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die durch eine Dauerglobalurkunde verbrieft 
sind, ist folgendes anwendbar: Dauerglobalurkunde (wie nachstehend 
definiert)] ([jeweils] „Globalurkunde“) verbrieft. 
Im 
Falle 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
durch 
eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
verbrieft sind und nicht 
durch 
SCC 
begeben 
werden, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: 
(3) Dauerglobalurkunde. Die Schuldverschreibungen sind durch eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde („Dauerglobalurkunde“) ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft. Die 
Dauerglobalurkunde trägt die Unterschriften zweier Vertretungsberechtigter 
der Emittentin und ist von der Emissionsstelle oder in deren Namen mit einer 
Kontrollunterschrift versehen. Einzelurkunden und Zinsscheine werden nicht 
ausgegeben. 
 
 
Im 
Falle 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die anfänglich durch eine 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieft sind und nicht 
durch 
SCC 
begeben 
werden, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: 
(3) Vorläufige Globalurkunde — Austausch. 
(a) Die Schuldverschreibungen sind anfänglich durch eine vorläufige 
Globalurkunde („vorläufige Globalurkunde“) ohne Zinsscheine 
verbrieft. Die Anteile an der vorläufigen Globalurkunde werden 
gegen 
Anteile 
an 
einer 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
(„Dauerglobalurkunde“) ohne Zinsscheine ausgetauscht; diese 
verbrieft die Schuldverschreibungen mit dem jeweiligen Nennbetrag. 
Die vorläufige Globalurkunde und die Dauerglobalurkunde tragen 
jeweils die Unterschriften zweier Vertretungsberechtigter der 
Emittentin und sind jeweils von der Emissionsstelle oder in deren 
Namen mit einer Kontrollunterschrift versehen. Einzelurkunden und 
Zinsscheine werden nicht ausgegeben. 
 
(b) Anteile an der vorläufigen Globalurkunde werden am oder nach dem 
40. Tag nach dem Tag der Ausgabe der vorläufigen Globalurkunde 
gegen Anteile an der Dauerglobalurkunde ausgetauscht. Ein solcher 
Austausch 
darf 
nur 
nach 
Vorlage 
und 
im 
Umfang 
von 
Bescheinigungen erfolgen, wonach der oder die wirtschaftlichen 
Eigentümer der durch die vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
keine 
U.S.-Person(en) 
ist 
(sind) 
(ausgenommen 
bestimmte 
Finanzinstitute 
oder 
bestimmte 
Personen, die Schuldverschreibungen über solche Finanzinstitute 
halten). Die Bescheinigungen müssen im Wesentlichen der in der 
vorläufigen Globalurkunde angegebenen Form oder einer anderen, 
üblicherweise in einem solchen Fall durch das Clearing System (wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) 
verwendeten 
Form 
entsprechen. 
Zinszahlungen auf die durch eine vorläufige Globalurkunde 
verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen erfolgen erst nach Vorlage 
solcher Bescheinigungen. Für jede solche Zinszahlung ist eine

--- Page 52 ---
51 
gesonderte Bescheinigung erforderlich. Jede Bescheinigung, die am 
oder nach dem 40. Tag nach dem Tag der Ausgabe der vorläufigen 
Globalurkunde eingeht, wird als ein Ersuchen behandelt, die 
vorläufige Globalurkunde gemäß diesem Buchstaben (b) dieses 
§ 1 Absatz 3 auszutauschen. Wertpapiere, die im Austausch für die 
vorläufige Globalurkunde geliefert werden, sind nur außerhalb der 
Vereinigten Staaten (wie in § 4 Absatz 3 definiert) zu liefern. 
 
 
Im 
Falle 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
von 
SCC 
begeben 
werden, einfügen: 
(3) Dauerglobalurkunde. Die Schuldverschreibungen sind durch eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde („Dauerglobalurkunde“) ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft, die 
für Zwecke der Bundeseinkommenssteuer der Vereinigten Staaten als 
Namenspapier 
betrachtet 
wird. 
Die 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
trägt 
die 
eigenhändigen Unterschriften zweier Vertretungsberechtigter der Emittentin 
und ist von der Emissionsstelle oder in deren Namen mit einer 
Kontrollunterschrift versehen. Einzelurkunden und Zinsscheine werden nicht 
ausgegeben. 
 
Bruchteilseigentumsansprüche an jeder Dauerglobalurkunde werden in 
dem Register des jeweiligen Clearing Systems ausgewiesen und die 
Übertragung von Eigentum erfolgt nur durch Buchung und Eintragung in das 
Register des jeweiligen Clearing Systems. Außer in begrenzten Fällen darf das 
Clearing System eine Dauerglobalurkunde nur an eine Nachfolgeverwahrstelle 
übertragen, und Bruchteilseigentum an einer Dauerglobalurkunde ist nicht in 
eine Einzelurkunde austauschbar. Das jeweilige Clearing System muss CBF 
(wie nachstehend definiert) sein, es sei denn ein anderes Clearing System hat 
eine Vereinbarung über ein Erfassungssystem (book-entry registration 
agreement) getroffen oder eine anderweitige Dematerialisierung von 
Schuldverschreibungen unter dem U.S. Steuerrecht wurde adressiert. 
 
Zinszahlungen erfolgen auf diese Schuldverschreibungen nur nach 
Lieferung der Bestätigung über das Nichtbestehen U.S.-amerikanischen 
wirtschaftlichen Eigentums gemäß U.S. Treasury Regulation Section 1.871-
14(c)(2) (grundsätzlich ein geeignetes IRS Formular W-8) an die für die 
Einbehaltung zuständige Stelle (withholding agent). 
 
 
 
(4) Clearing System. Die die Schuldverschreibungen verbriefende 
Globalurkunde wird von einem Clearing System oder von einer Verwahrstelle 
im Namen eines Clearing Systems verwahrt, bis sämtliche Verbindlichkeiten 
der Emittentin aus den Schuldverschreibungen erfüllt sind. „Clearing System“ 
bezeichnet [bei mehr als einem Clearing System, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: jeweils] folgendes: [Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main, 
(„CBF“)] [Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxemburg, („CBL“)] [Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV, Brüssel („Euroclear“)] [Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxemburg, 
(„CBL“) und Euroclear Bank SA/NV, Brüssel („Euroclear“) als internationale 
Zentralverwahrer (international central securities depository) (jeweils ein 
„ICSD“ und zusammen, die „ICSDs“)] sowie jeder Funktionsnachfolger. 
 
 
Falls 
die 
Globalurkunde 
eine new global note ist, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: 
Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form einer neuen Globalurkunde 
(new global note) („NGN“) ausgegeben und von einer gemeinsamen 
Verwahrstelle (Common Safekeeper) im Namen beider ICSDs verwahrt. 
 
 
Falls 
die 
Globalurkunde 
eine classical global note 
ist, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: 
Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form einer klassischen 
Globalurkunde (classical global note) („CGN“) ausgegeben und von einer 
gemeinsamen Verwahrstelle (Common Depositary) im Namen beider ICSDs 
verwahrt. 
 
 
 
(5) Gläubiger der Schuldverschreibungen. „Gläubiger“ bezeichnet jeden 
Inhaber eines Miteigentumsanteils oder anderen vergleichbaren Rechts an 
den Schuldverschreibungen.

--- Page 53 ---
52 
Falls 
die 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
eine 
new global note ist, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: 
(6) Register der ICSDs. Der Gesamtnennbetrag der durch die 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen entspricht dem jeweils in 
den Registern beider ICSDs eingetragenen Gesamtbetrag. Jeder ICSD führt 
für seine Kunden über den Betrag ihres Anteils an den Schuldverschreibungen 
ein Register. Diese Register dienen zusammen als Nachweis über den 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen. Eine zu diesem Zweck von einem ICSD ausgestellte 
Bescheinigung 
mit 
den 
Nennbeträgen 
der 
so 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen ist maßgeblicher Nachweis über den Inhalt des 
Registers des jeweiligen ICSD zu diesem Zeitpunkt. 
 
Bei ganz oder teilweiser Rückzahlung oder einer Zinszahlung bezüglich 
der durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen bzw. bei Kauf 
und 
Entwertung 
der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen sorgt die Emittentin dafür, dass die Einzelheiten über 
Rückzahlung und Zahlung bzw. Kauf und Entwertung bezüglich der 
Globalurkunde anteilig in die Unterlagen der ICSDs eingetragen werden, und 
dass nach dieser Eintragung vom Gesamtnennbetrag der in die Register 
der ICSDs aufgenommenen und durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen die Summe der Nennbeträge der zurückgezahlten 
bzw. gekauften und entwerteten Schuldverschreibungen abgezogen wird. 
 
 
Falls 
die 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde eine new 
global 
note 
ist, 
ist 
folgendes anwendbar: 
Bei Austausch nur eines Teils von durch eine vorläufige Globalurkunde 
verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen sorgt die Emittentin dafür, dass die 
Einzelheiten dieses Austauschs anteilig in die Aufzeichnungen der ICSDs 
aufgenommen werden. 
 
 
Im 
Falle 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
für die ein Effektengiro-
Register geführt wird, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: 
[(6)] Effektengiro-Register. Die Emittentin und CBF haben vereinbart, 
dass CBF zum Effektengiro-Registrar der Emittentin bezüglich der 
Schuldverschreibungen bestellt wird. In dieser Funktion und unbeschadet der 
Emission der Schuldverschreibungen sowie deren Status als Inhaberpapiere 
nach deutschem Recht hat CBF zugesagt, als Beauftragte der Emittentin in 
den Büchern der CBF Aufzeichnungen über die Schuldverschreibungen, die 
auf den Konten der CBF-Kontoinhaber gutgeschrieben sind, zu führen. 
 
 
 
§ 2 
STATUS, NEGATIVVERPFLICHTUNG [im Falle von 
Schuldverschreibungen begeben von der SFM oder der SCC, ist 
folgendes anwendbar:, GARANTIE] 
 
(1) Status. Die Schuldverschreibungen begründen nicht nachrangige und 
[im Falle von Schuldverschreibungen begeben von der SFM oder der 
SCC, ist folgendes anwendbar: – abgesehen von der in § 2 Absatz 2 
genannten Garantie –] nicht besicherte Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin, die im 
Rahmen einer freiwilligen Abwicklung oder eines förmlichen, gesetzlich 
geregelten und unfreiwilligen Insolvenzverfahrens nach dem Gesetzesrecht 
des Sitzstaates der Emittentin untereinander im gleichen Rang stehen und mit 
allen anderen nicht nachrangigen und nicht besicherten Verbindlichkeiten der 
Emittentin gleichrangig sind, soweit diesen Verbindlichkeiten nicht durch 
gesetzliche Bestimmungen ein Vorrang eingeräumt wird. 
Im 
Falle 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die von der SFM oder der 
SCC begeben werden, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: 
(2) Garantie, Treuhandstruktur. Die Siemens Aktiengesellschaft, Berlin 
und 
München, 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland 
(„Garantin“), 
hat 
die 
Zahlungsverpflichtungen der Emittentin aus den Schuldverschreibungen 
unwiderruflich und unbedingt durch eine Garantie vom 9. Dezember 2024 
(„Garantie“) garantiert. Die Garantie begründet eine nicht nachrangige und 
gemäß den in § 2 Absatz 4 genannten Bestimmungen der Negativerklärung 
nicht besicherte Verbindlichkeit der Garantin gegenüber dem Treuhänder (wie 
nachstehend definiert), die im Rahmen einer freiwilligen Abwicklung oder eines 
förmlichen, gesetzlich geregelten und unfreiwilligen Insolvenzverfahrens nach 
dem Gesetzesrecht des Sitzstaates der Garantin mit allen anderen nicht 
nachrangigen 
und 
nicht besicherten 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der Garantin

--- Page 54 ---
53 
gleichrangig ist, soweit diesen Verbindlichkeiten nicht durch gesetzliche 
Bestimmungen ein Vorrang eingeräumt wird. 
 
(a) Alle aus oder im Zusammenhang mit der Garantie gegenwärtig und 
künftig bestehenden Ansprüche und Rechte im Hinblick auf die vom 
jeweiligen 
Gläubiger 
gehaltenen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(zusammenfassend, „Rechte“) werden ausschließlich von der 
Luther 
Rechtsanwaltsgesellschaft 
mbH 
(„Treuhänder“) 
als 
Treuhänder 
für 
die 
Gläubiger 
gemäß 
dem 
Vertrag 
vom 
9. Dezember 2024, der zwischen dem Treuhänder, der Emittentin 
und der Garantin geschlossen wurde („Treuhandvertrag“) gehalten 
und 
geltend 
gemacht. 
Jeder 
Gläubiger 
ist 
nach 
dem 
Treuhandvertrag berechtigt, vom Treuhänder die Erfüllung der vom 
Treuhänder im Treuhandvertrag übernommenen Verpflichtungen zu 
verlangen und die Erfüllung dieser Verpflichtungen gegenüber dem 
Treuhänder durchzusetzen. Nur zu diesem Zweck begründet der 
Treuhandvertrag einen Vertrag zugunsten Dritter gemäß § 328 
Absatz 1 des Bürgerlichen Gesetzbuches („BGB“) zugunsten der 
Gläubiger. 
 
(b) Ausschließlich der Treuhänder ist berechtigt und auf eine schriftliche 
Aufforderung des jeweiligen Gläubigers verpflichtet, die Rechte 
unverzüglich 
durchzusetzen. 
Der 
Treuhänder 
hat 
für 
die 
unverzügliche Weiterleitung sämtlicher sich aus der Durchsetzung 
der Rechte ergebenden Einnahmen zu sorgen. 
 
(c) Wenn der Treuhänder die Rechte ausübt, ist er berechtigt, sämtliche 
dabei entstehenden angemessenen Kosten einschließlich seiner 
eigenen angemessenen Aufwendungen und die Kosten für die 
Beauftragung Dritter von dem jeweiligen Gläubiger ersetzt zu 
erhalten. Sollte sich dies als notwendig erweisen, kann der 
Treuhänder 
von 
dem 
jeweiligen 
Gläubiger 
entsprechende 
Vorauszahlungen in der jeweiligen Währung verlangen. 
 
(d) Gemäß dem Treuhandvertrag haftet der Treuhänder für die Abgabe, 
das Unterlassen sowie die Annahme von Erklärungen sowie das 
Vornehmen und Unterlassen von Handlungen in Verbindung mit der 
Garantie nur insoweit, als er seine treuhänderische Sorgfaltspflicht 
verletzt, 
jedenfalls 
aber 
dann, 
wenn 
er 
die 
gebotenen 
Sorgfaltspflichten eines ordentlichen Kaufmanns verletzt. Die 
Haftung des Treuhänders für wegen einfacher Fahrlässigkeit 
verursachter Schäden ist – außer für Schäden aus der Verletzung 
des Lebens, des Körpers oder der Gesundheit – auf einen 
Gesamtbetrag von €10.000.000 (Euro zehn Millionen) begrenzt. Der 
Treuhänder kann Dritte beauftragen, bestimmte ihm obliegende 
Aufgaben auszuführen, wobei er weiter für die Erfüllung seiner 
Pflichten aus dem Treuhandvertrag haftet. 
 
(e) Sollte ein Ereignis eintreten, das nach vernünftiger Beurteilung des 
Treuhänders dazu führt, dass er nicht mehr in der Lage ist, seine 
Pflichten unter dem Treuhandvertrag zu erfüllen, so wird er bei 
vorheriger schriftlicher Zustimmung der Garantin, die nicht ohne 
angemessenen Grund verweigert werden darf, ein adäquates 
Unternehmen mit anerkanntem Ruf als Nachfolger beauftragen 
(„Beauftragung“). 
Ein 
Unternehmen 
ist 
ein 
„adäquates 
Unternehmen mit anerkanntem Ruf“, wenn es nach dem Recht 
der Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder der Schweiz organisiert ist, 
einer etwaigen Aufsicht in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder der 
Schweiz 
unterliegt 
und 
außerdem 
(i) autorisiert 
ist, 
als 
Unternehmenstreuhänder 
tätig 
zu 
sein, 
(ii) nicht 
weniger 
Eigenkapital als der Treuhänder hat und (iii) weder direkt noch 
indirekt von der Garantin kontrolliert wird bzw. nicht von einer Person 
kontrolliert wird, die ebenfalls die Garantin kontrolliert. Sollte der

--- Page 55 ---
54 
Treuhänder zur Beauftragung nicht in der Lage sein oder der 
Verpflichtung nicht nachkommen, so wird dies durch die Garantin 
erfolgen. Die Garantin ist berechtigt, aus wichtigem Grund den 
Treuhänder durch ein anderes adäquates Unternehmen mit 
anerkanntem Ruf zu ersetzen. Der Treuhänder ist berechtigt, den 
Treuhandvertrag aus wichtigem Grund zu kündigen. Der Treuhänder 
darf sein Amt gemäß dem Treuhandvertrag aber nicht aufgeben, bis 
ein Nachfolger für ihn beauftragt ist. Eine solche Beauftragung eines 
Nachfolgers ist gemäß § 12 unverzüglich bekannt zu machen. 
 
(f) 
Der Treuhandvertrag kann ohne Zustimmung der Gläubiger ergänzt 
oder geändert werden, solange solche Ergänzungen oder 
Änderungen den Interessen der Gläubiger nicht erheblich 
entgegenstehen. 
 
(g) Den Gläubigern und Personen, die an einer Anlage in den 
Schuldverschreibungen nach eigenem glaubhaften Bekunden 
nachhaltig und erkennbar interessiert sind, wird von der Zahlstelle 
auf Verlangen eine Kopie des Treuhandvertrages kostenlos zur 
Verfügung gestellt. Des Weiteren werden für vorstehend genannte 
Personen 
Kopien 
des 
Treuhandvertrages 
während 
der 
gewöhnlichen Geschäftszeiten in der benannten Geschäftsstelle der 
Zahlstelle zur Einsicht ausliegen. 
 
(h) In Verbindung mit der Ausübung der in dem Treuhandvertrag 
festgelegten Verpflichtungen wird die Garantin dem Treuhänder 
gemäß dem Treuhandvertrag ein Honorar bezahlen, das separat 
zwischen der Garantin und dem Treuhänder vereinbart wird. 
 
(3) Negativverpflichtung der Emittentin. Die Emittentin verpflichtet sich, 
solange die Schuldverschreibungen ausstehen, jedoch nur bis zu dem 
Zeitpunkt, an dem alle Beträge an Kapital und Zinsen für die 
Schuldverschreibungen der Emissionsstelle zur Verfügung gestellt worden 
sind, keine Hypothek, keine Grundschuld, kein Pfandrecht und kein sonstiges 
dingliches Sicherungsrecht über die Gesamtheit oder einen Teil ihres 
gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen inländischen Vermögens zur Besicherung 
einer anderen Anleiheemission (wie nachstehend definiert) zu bestellen oder 
bestehen zu lassen, ohne gleichzeitig oder vorher die noch ausstehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen in gleicher Weise und anteilig zu besichern. 
 
Diese Verpflichtung besteht nicht in Bezug auf Sicherungsrechte, die 
gesetzlich vorgeschrieben sind oder von einer Behörde verlangt werden oder 
die von der Emittentin an Forderungen bestellt werden, die der Emittentin 
aufgrund der Weiterleitung des Erlöses aus der Begebung von Wertpapieren 
gegen ein mit ihr im Sinne der §§ 15 ff. des deutschen Aktiengesetzes („AktG“) 
verbundenes Unternehmen oder einen Dritten gegenwärtig oder zukünftig 
zustehen. 
Diese 
Verpflichtung 
besteht 
auch 
nicht 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
Sicherungsrechte, die im Zusammenhang mit von der Emittentin begebenen 
strukturierten Wertpapieren, die mit Vermögenswerten besichert sind (asset-
backed-securities), gestellt werden. Selbiges gilt, wenn derartige strukturierte 
Wertpapiere von einer Zweckgesellschaft begeben werden und die zugrunde 
liegenden Vermögenswerte von der Emittentin stammen. 
 
„Anleiheemission“ ist jede Verbindlichkeit der Emittentin mit einer 
ursprünglichen 
Laufzeit 
von 
mehr 
als 
einem 
Jahr, 
die 
durch 
Schuldverschreibungen verbrieft ist, die an einer Börse, im außerbörslichen 
Handel oder an einem anderen anerkannten Wertpapiermarkt notiert oder 
gehandelt werden oder werden können. 
 
(4) Negativverpflichtung der Garantin. In der Garantie hat sich die 
Garantin verpflichtet, solange die Schuldverschreibungen ausstehen, jedoch 
nur bis zu dem Zeitpunkt, an dem alle Beträge an Kapital und Zinsen für die 
Schuldverschreibungen der Emissionsstelle zur Verfügung gestellt worden

--- Page 56 ---
55 
sind, 
keine 
Grundpfandrechte 
oder 
keine 
anderen 
dinglichen 
Sicherungsrechte über ihr in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland belegenes 
Immobiliarvermögen als Sicherheit für eine Internationale Anleiheemission 
(wie nachstehend definiert) zu bestellen, ohne die Garantie gleichzeitig oder 
vorher in gleicher Weise und anteilig zu besichern. 
 
„Internationale Anleiheemission“ ist jede Verbindlichkeit der Garantin 
mit einer ursprünglichen Laufzeit von mehr als einem Jahr, deren Nennwert 
nicht auf Euro lautet oder deren Rückzahlung in einer anderen Währung oder 
Rechnungseinheit als dem Euro zu erfolgen hat oder jede Verbindlichkeit eines 
mit der Garantin im Sinne der §§ 15 ff. AktG verbundenen Unternehmens, das 
nicht in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland ansässig ist, mit einer ursprünglichen 
Laufzeit 
von 
mehr 
als 
einem 
Jahr 
und 
die 
jeweils 
durch 
Schuldverschreibungen verbrieft ist, die an einer Börse, im außerbörslichen 
Handel oder an einem anderen anerkannten Wertpapiermarkt notiert oder 
gehandelt werden oder werden können. 
 
 
Im 
Falle 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die von der Siemens AG 
begeben 
werden, 
ist 
folgendes anwendbar: 
(2) Negativverpflichtung der Emittentin. Die Emittentin verpflichtet sich, 
solange die Schuldverschreibungen ausstehen, jedoch nur bis zu dem 
Zeitpunkt, an dem alle Beträge an Kapital und Zinsen für die 
Schuldverschreibungen der Emissionsstelle zur Verfügung gestellt worden 
sind, 
keine 
Grundpfandrechte 
oder 
keine 
anderen 
dinglichen 
Sicherungsrechte über ihr in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland belegenes 
Immobiliarvermögen als Sicherheit für eine Internationale Anleiheemission 
(wie nachstehend definiert) zu bestellen, ohne gleichzeitig die noch 
ausstehenden Schuldverschreibungen in gleicher Weise und anteilig zu 
besichern. 
 
„Internationale Anleiheemission“ ist jede Verbindlichkeit der Emittentin 
mit einer ursprünglichen Laufzeit von mehr als einem Jahr, deren Nennwert 
nicht auf Euro lautet oder deren Rückzahlung in einer anderen Währung oder 
Rechnungseinheit als dem Euro zu erfolgen hat oder jede Verbindlichkeit eines 
mit der Emittentin im Sinne der §§ 15 ff. AktG verbundenen Unternehmens, 
das nicht in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland ansässig ist, mit einer 
ursprünglichen Laufzeit von mehr als einem Jahr und die jeweils durch 
Schuldverschreibungen verbrieft ist, die an einer Börse, im außerbörslichen 
Handel oder an einem anderen anerkannten Wertpapiermarkt notiert oder 
gehandelt werden oder werden können. 
 
 
 
§ 3 
ZINSEN 
 
(1) Zinszahlungstage. 
 
(a) Die Schuldverschreibungen werden bezogen auf ihren Nennbetrag vom 
[Verzinsungsbeginn] („Verzinsungsbeginn“) (einschließlich) bis zum 
ersten Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) und danach von jedem 
Zinszahlungstag 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
nächstfolgenden 
Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
verzinst. 
Zinsen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen sind nachträglich an jedem Zinszahlungstag 
zahlbar. Die Verzinsung der Schuldverschreibungen endet mit Ablauf 
des Tages, der dem Fälligkeitstag (wie in § 5 Absatz 1 definiert) vorangeht. 
 
(b) „Zinszahlungstag“ bezeichnet 
 
[Im Falle von festgelegten Zinszahlungstagen, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: jeder [festgelegte Zinszahlungstage].] 
 
[Im Falle von festgelegten Zinsperioden, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
(soweit diese Emissionsbedingungen keine abweichenden Bestimmungen 
vorsehen) jeweils der Tag, der [Zahl] [Wochen] [Monate] nach dem

--- Page 57 ---
56 
vorausgehenden Zinszahlungstag liegt, oder im Falle des ersten 
Zinszahlungstages, nach dem Verzinsungsbeginn.] 
 
(c) Fällt ein Zinszahlungstag auf einen Tag, der kein Geschäftstag (wie 
nachstehend definiert) ist, so wird dieser Tag 
 
[Bei 
Anwendung 
der 
„modifizierten 
folgenden 
Geschäftstag 
Konvention“, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
 
auf den nächstfolgenden Geschäftstag verschoben, es sei denn, 
jener würde dadurch in den nächsten Kalendermonat fallen. In diesem Fall 
wird 
der 
Zinszahlungstag 
auf 
den 
unmittelbar 
vorausgehenden 
Geschäftstag 
vorgezogen 
(„modifizierte 
folgende 
Geschäftstag 
Konvention“).] 
 
[Bei Anwendung der variabel verzinsliche Anleihe Konvention, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: 
 
auf den nächstfolgenden Geschäftstag verschoben, es sei denn, 
jener würde dadurch in den nächsten Kalendermonat fallen. In diesem Fall 
wird 
der 
Zinszahlungstag 
auf 
den 
unmittelbar 
vorausgehenden 
Geschäftstag vorgezogen und im Falle einer Zinszahlung ist, soweit sich 
nachfolgend aus (i), (ii) oder (iii) nichts anderes ergibt, jeder nachfolgende 
Zinszahlungstag 
der 
Tag, 
der 
numerisch 
dem 
vorhergehenden 
Zinszahlungstag in demjenigen Kalendermonat entspricht, der [Zahl] 
[Monate] nach dem vorhergehenden Zinszahlungstag oder, im Falle des 
ersten Zinszahlungstages, nach dem Verzinsungsbeginn liegt. Sofern 
(i) kein 
derartiger 
numerisch 
korrespondierender 
Tag 
in 
dem 
Kalendermonat existiert, in den der Zinszahlungstag fällt, dann ist der 
Zinszahlungstag der letzte Geschäftstag in diesem Kalendermonat. Sofern 
(ii) der relevante Zinszahlungstag auf einen Tag fallen würde, der kein 
Geschäftstag ist, dann ist der Zinszahlungstag der erste darauf folgende 
Geschäftstag, es sei denn, dieser Tag fällt in den nächsten 
Kalendermonat. In diesem Fall wird der Zinszahlungstag auf den 
unmittelbar vorhergehenden Geschäftstag verschoben. Sofern (iii) der 
vorhergehende anwendbare Zinszahlungstag auf den letzten Tag in einem 
Kalendermonat fallen würde, der ein Geschäftstag war, dann sind alle 
folgenden anwendbaren Zinszahlungstage vor dem Fälligkeitstag (wie in 
§ 5 
Absatz 1 definiert) 
der 
jeweils 
letzte 
Geschäftstag 
des 
Kalendermonats, der [Zahl] [Monate] nach dem vorhergehenden 
anwendbaren Zinszahlungstag liegt („variabel verzinsliche Anleihe 
Konvention“).] 
 
[Bei Anwendung der „folgenden Geschäftstag Konvention“, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: 
 
auf den nachfolgenden Geschäftstag verschoben („folgende 
Geschäftstag Konvention“).] 
 
[Bei Anwendung der „vorangegangenen Geschäftstag Konvention“, 
ist folgendes anwendbar: 
 
auf 
den 
vorhergehenden 
Geschäftstag 
vorgezogen 
(„vorangegangene Geschäftstag Konvention“).] 
 
(d) Geschäftstag. „Geschäftstag“ bezeichnet einen Tag (außer einem 
Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem das Clearing System geöffnet ist und 
[falls die festgelegte Währung Euro ist, ist folgendes anwendbar: alle 
betroffenen Bereiche des Real-time Gross Settlement Systems des 
Eurosystems („T2“) oder dessen Nachfolger oder Ersatzsystem 
betriebsbereit sind, um die betreffenden Zahlungen abzuwickeln.] [falls 
die festgelegte Währung nicht Euro ist, ist folgendes anwendbar: an 
dem Geschäftsbanken und Devisenmärkte allgemein für Geschäfte in

--- Page 58 ---
57 
[relevante(s) Finanzzentrum(en)] geöffnet sind und Zahlungen in der 
festgelegten Währung abwickeln.] 
Falls der Angebotszinssatz 
für 
Einlagen 
in 
der 
festgelegten 
Währung 
EURIBOR ist, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
(2) 
Zinssatz. 
Der 
Zinssatz 
(„Zinssatz“) 
für 
jede 
Zinsperiode 
(wie nachstehend definiert) ist, sofern nachstehend nichts Abweichendes 
bestimmt ist, der Angebotszinssatz (ausgedrückt als Prozentsatz per annum) 
für Einlagen in der festgelegten Währung (EURIBOR) für die jeweilige 
Zinsperiode, der auf der Bildschirmseite (wie nachstehend definiert) am 
Zinsfestlegungstag (wie nachstehend definiert) um ca. 11:00 Uhr (Brüsseler 
Ortszeit) angezeigt wird [im Falle einer Marge, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
[zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der Marge (wie nachstehend definiert)]. Die 
Feststellung des Zinssatzes erfolgt durch die Berechnungsstelle. 
 
„Zinsperiode“ 
bezeichnet 
jeweils 
den 
Zeitraum 
ab 
dem 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
ersten 
Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) bzw. ab jedem Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) bis zum 
jeweils darauffolgenden Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich). 
 
„Zinsfestlegungstag“ bezeichnet den [ersten] [zweiten] [Zahl] T2-
Geschäftstag [vor Beginn] der jeweiligen Zinsperiode. 
 
„T2-Geschäftstag“ bezeichnet einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder 
Sonntag), an dem alle betroffenen Bereiche des T2 betriebsbereit sind. 
 
[Im Falle einer Marge, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
 
Die „Marge“ beträgt [●] % per annum.] 
 
„Bildschirmseite“ bezeichnet die LSEG Bildschirmseite EURIBOR01 
oder die jeweilige Nachfolgeseite, die vom selben System angezeigt wird oder 
aber von einem anderen System, das zum Vertreiber von Informationen zum 
Zwecke der Anzeige von Sätzen oder Preisen ernannt wurde, die dem 
betreffenden Angebotszinssatz vergleichbar sind. 
 
Sollte die Bildschirmseite nicht zur Verfügung stehen oder wird zu der 
genannten Zeit kein Angebotszinssatz angezeigt und vorausgesetzt, dass kein 
Einstellungs-Ereignis (wie nachstehend definiert) eingetreten ist, ist der 
Zinssatz für die betreffende Zinsperiode der Angebotszinssatz auf der 
Bildschirmseite an dem letzten T2-Geschäftstag vor dem Zinsfestlegungstag, 
an dem dieser Angebotszinssatz angezeigt wurde [im Falle einer Marge, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: [zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der Marge]. 
 
 
Falls 
der 
Referenzsatz 
SOFR ist, ist folgendes 
anwendbar 
(2) 
Zinssatz. 
Der 
Zinssatz 
(„Zinssatz“) 
für 
jede 
Zinsperiode 
(wie nachstehend definiert) ist, sofern nachstehend nichts Abweichendes 
bestimmt ist, der Compounded SOFR (wie nachstehend definiert), der am 
Zinsfestlegungstag (wie nachstehend definiert) für die betreffende Zinsperiode 
gemäß der unten dargestellten Formel berechnet wird [im Falle einer Marge, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: 
[zuzüglich] 
[abzüglich] 
der 
Marge 
(wie nachstehend definiert)]. Die Feststellung des Zinssatzes erfolgt durch die 
Berechnungsstelle. 
 
„Zinsperiode“ 
bezeichnet 
jeweils 
den 
Zeitraum 
ab 
dem 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
ersten 
Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) bzw. ab jedem Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) bis zum 
jeweils darauffolgenden Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich). 
 
„Zinsfestlegungstag“ bezeichnet in Bezug auf eine Zinsperiode und den 
unmittelbar darauffolgenden Zinszahlungstag den Tag, der [5] [Zahl] 
US Staatsanleihen Geschäftstage vor dem jeweiligen Zinszahlungstag liegt. 
 
„US 
Staatsanleihen 
Geschäftstag“ 
bezeichnet 
jeden 
Tag, 
ausgenommen Samstag, Sonntag oder einen Tag, für den die Securities

--- Page 59 ---
58 
Industry and Financial Markets Association (oder ihr jeweiliger Nachfolger) die 
ganztägliche Schließung der Abteilungen für festverzinsliche Wertpapiere ihrer 
Mitglieder im Hinblick auf den Handel mit US-Staatspapieren empfiehlt. 
 
[Im Falle einer Marge, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
 
Die „Marge“ beträgt [●] % per annum.] 
 
„SOFR“ bezeichnet die Secured Overnight Financing Rate, welche von 
dem SOFR Administrator auf der Website des SOFR Administrators 
veröffentlicht wird.  
 
„SOFR Administrator“ bezeichnet Federal Reserve Bank of New York 
(oder ein Nachfolgeradministrator von SOFR). 
 
„Website des SOFR Administrators“ bezeichnet die Website des 
SOFR Administrators, oder eine Nachfolgequelle, einschließlich einer Website 
eines Nachfolgeadministrators von SOFR. 
 
„Compounded SOFR“ bezeichnet in Bezug auf jede Zinsperiode, den 
nach der folgenden Formel berechneten Satz, wobei der daraus resultierende 
Prozentsatz, sofern notwendig, auf den nächsten hundert Tausendstel 
Prozentpunkt (0,00001%) gerundet wird, wobei 0,000005% aufgerundet wird: 
( 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡
−1) x 360
𝑑𝑐
 
 
„dc“ 
bezeichnet die tatsächliche Anzahl 
der Kalendertage ab dem SOFR 
IndexStart (einschließlich) bis zum 
SOFR IndexEnd (ausschließlich); 
 
„SOFR IndexEnd“ 
bezeichnet den SOFR Index Wert am 
Zinsfestlegungstag; 
 
„SOFR IndexStart“ 
bezeichnet den SOFR Index Wert an 
dem 
Tag, 
der 
[5] 
[Zahl] 
US 
Staatsanleihen Geschäftstage vor 
dem ersten Tag der betreffenden 
Zinsperiode liegt; 
 
„SOFR Index“ 
bezeichnet 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
einen 
US Staatsanleihen Geschäftstag, den 
SOFR Index Wert, welcher von dem 
SOFR Administrator auf der Website 
des SOFR Administrators zum SOFR 
Indexfestlegungszeitpunkt an diesem 
US 
Staatsanleihen 
Geschäftstag 
veröffentlicht wird; 
 
„SOFR Indexfestlegungszeitpunkt“ 
bezeichnet 15:00 Uhr (New Yorker 
Ortszeit) oder eine andere Uhrzeit, 
welche für die Veröffentlichung des 
SOFR 
Index 
durch 
den 
SOFR 
Administrator, festgelegt ist; 
 
Sollte die Berechnungsstelle in Bezug auf einen Zinsfestlegungstag 
feststellen, dass ein SOFR IndexStart oder SOFR IndexEnd nicht auf der Website 
des SOFR Administrators veröffentlicht wurde, und vorausgesetzt, dass kein 
Benchmark-Übergangsereignis und kein damit verbundener Benchmark-
Ersetzungstag in Bezug auf den SOFR eingetreten sind, bezeichnet 
Compounded SOFR in Bezug auf die betreffende Zinsperiode, für die ein 
solcher Wert nicht verfügbar ist, die von der Berechnungsstelle nach der

--- Page 60 ---
59 
folgenden Formel berechnete Rendite einer täglich aufgezinsten Anlage 
(wobei der daraus resultierende Prozentsatz, sofern notwendig, auf den 
nächsten hundert Tausendstel Prozentpunkt (0,00001%) gerundet wird, wobei 
0,000005% aufgerundet wird). 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑𝑏
𝑖=1
] × 360
𝑑𝑐
 
 
„db“ 
bezeichnet 
für 
jeden 
Beobachtungszeitraum, die Anzahl 
an 
US 
Staatsanleihen 
Geschäftstagen in dem jeweiligen 
Beobachtungszeitraum; 
 
„dc“ 
bezeichnet die tatsächliche Anzahl an 
Kalendertagen in dem jeweiligen 
Beobachtungszeitraum; 
 
„Beobachtungszeitraum“ 
bezeichnet in Bezug auf die jeweilige 
Zinsperiode, den Zeitraum ab dem 
Tag, der [5] [Zahl] US Staatsanleihen 
Geschäftstage vor dem ersten Tag in 
dieser 
Zinsperiode 
liegt 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zu 
dem 
Zinsfestlegungstag 
der 
jeweiligen 
Zinsperiode (ausschließlich); 
 
„SOFRi“ 
bezeichnet jeden US Staatsanleihen 
Geschäftstag „i“ in dem jeweiligen 
Beobachtungszeitraum, 
der 
dem 
SOFR für diesen Tag „i“ entspricht; 
 
„ni“ 
ist für jeden US Staatsanleihen 
Geschäftstag 
„i“ 
im 
jeweiligen 
Beobachtungszeitraum die Anzahl 
der Kalendertage, für die der SOFRi 
gilt, 
und 
zwar 
von 
diesen 
US Staatsanleihen Geschäftstag „i“ 
(einschließlich) bis zum folgenden 
US Staatsanleihen 
Geschäftstag 
(„i+1“) (ausschließlich). 
 
„i“ 
ist eine Reihe von ganzen Zahlen von 
eins bis db (einschließlich), die in 
chronologischer Reihenfolge jeweils 
einen 
US 
Staatsanleihen 
Geschäftstag 
von 
dem 
ersten 
US Staatsanleihen 
Geschäftstag 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
letzten 
US Staatsanleihen Geschäftstag in 
dem 
jeweiligen 
Beobachtungszeitraum 
(einschließlich) wiedergeben; 
 
Sollte SOFRi an einem beliebigen Tag „i“ im Beobachtungszeitraum auf 
der Website des SOFR Administrators nicht veröffentlicht worden sein, und 
vorausgesetzt, dass ein Benchmark-Änderungsereignis und der damit 
verbundene Benchmark-Ersetzungstag in Bezug auf den SOFR nicht 
eingetreten sind, entspricht der SOFRi für diesen Tag „i“ dem SOFR, der zuletzt 
an einem US Staatsanleihen Geschäftstag auf der Website des SOFR 
Administrators veröffentlicht wurde.

--- Page 61 ---
60 
 
(3) Benchmark-Änderungsereignis. Stellt die Emittentin am oder vor dem 
jeweiligen Referenzzeitpunkt fest, dass ein Benchmark-Änderungsereignis 
und der damit verbundene Benchmark-Ersetzungstag in Bezug auf die 
Festlegungen der Benchmark an einem beliebigen Tag eingetreten sind, 
ersetzt die Ersatz-Benchmark die zu diesem Zeitpunkt gültige Benchmark für 
alle Festlegungen im Zusammenhang mit den Schuldverschreibungen an 
diesem Tag und für alle Festlegungen an allen folgenden Tagen. 
 
Im Zusammenhang mit der Implementierung einer Ersatz-Benchmark hat 
die Emittentin (in Absprache mit der Berechnungsstelle) das Recht, Ersatz-
Benchmark konforme Änderungen wie erforderlich vorzunehmen. 
 
Jede Festlegung, Entscheidung oder Wahl, die von der Emittentin gemäß 
diesem § 3 Absatz 3 getroffen werden kann, einschließlich einer Entscheidung 
über jegliche Ersatz-Benchmark konforme Änderungen, einer Festlegung 
hinsichtlich einer Laufzeit, eines Zinssatzes oder einer Anpassung oder des 
Eintretens oder Nichteintretens eines Ereignisses, eines Umstands oder eines 
Datums und jeder Entscheidung, eine Maßnahme zu ergreifen oder zu 
unterlassen oder eine Auswahl: 
 
(i) 
ist abschließend und verbindlich, sofern kein offensichtlicher 
Fehler vorliegt; 
 
(ii) 
erfolgt im billigen Ermessen der Emittentin gemäß § 315 BGB; 
und 
 
(iii) 
wird, ungeachtet gegenteiliger Bestimmungen in diesen 
Emissionsbedingungen, ohne Zustimmung der Gläubiger oder einer anderen 
Partei wirksam. 
 
Die Emittentin wird die Berechnungsstelle über solche Festlegungen vor 
dem betreffenden Zinsfestlegungstag informieren. Anschließend wird die 
Emittentin die Gläubiger gemäß § 12 informieren. 
 
Unterbleibt die Information der Berechnungsstelle durch die Emittentin 
gemäß vorstehendem Absatz bis zum 5. Geschäftstag vor dem betreffenden 
Zinsfestlegungstag, entspricht der Zinssatz für die betreffende Zinsperiode 
dem Zinssatz der unmittelbar vorangegangenen Zinsperiode. 
 
„Benchmark“ bezeichnet zunächst den Compounded SOFR, wie oben 
definiert. Sollte die Emittentin feststellen, dass am oder vor dem 
Referenzzeitpunkt 
ein 
Benchmark-Änderungsereignis 
und 
der 
damit 
verbundene Benchmark-Ersetzungstag in Bezug auf den Compounded SOFR 
(oder den täglich veröffentlichten SOFR, der für dessen Berechnung 
verwendet wird) oder die dann aktuelle Benchmark eingetreten sind, dann 
bezeichnet „Benchmark“ die entsprechende Ersatz-Benchmark. 
 
„Ersatz-Benchmark“ bezeichnet die erste in der nachstehenden 
Reihenfolge aufgeführte Variante, die von der Emittentin (in Absprache mit der 
Berechnungsstelle) zum Benchmark-Ersetzungstag bestimmt werden kann: 
 
(i) 
die Summe aus: (a) dem alternativen Zinssatz, der von der 
Zuständigen Staatlichen Stelle als Ersatz für die zu diesem Zeitpunkt geltende 
Benchmark ausgewählt oder empfohlen wurde, und (b) der Ersatz-Benchmark 
Anpassung; oder 
 
(ii) 
die Summe aus: (a) dem ISDA Fallback Satz und (b) der 
Ersatz-Benchmark Anpassung; oder 
 
(iii) 
die Summe aus: (a) dem alternativen Zinssatz, der von der 
Emittentin als Ersatz für die zu diesem Zeitpunkt geltende Benchmark 
ausgewählt wurde, wobei alle branchenüblichen Zinssätze als Ersatz für die 
zu diesem Zeitpunkt geltende Benchmark für auf U.S.-Dollar lautende variabel

--- Page 62 ---
61 
verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen angemessen berücksichtigt werden, und 
(b) der Ersatz-Benchmark Anpassung. 
 
„Ersatz-Benchmark Anpassung“ bezeichnet die erste in der 
nachstehenden Reihenfolge aufgeführte Variante, die von der Emittentin zum 
Benchmark-Ersetzungstag bestimmt werden kann: 
 
(i) 
die Anpassungsspanne, oder die Methode zur Berechnung 
oder Festlegung einer solchen Anpassungsspanne (die ein positiver oder 
negativer Wert oder Null sein kann), die von der Zuständigen Staatlichen Stelle 
für die anwendbaren Unangepasste Ersatz-Benchmark empfohlen wurde; 
oder 
 
(ii) 
wenn die anwendbare Unangepasste Ersatz-Benchmark dem 
ISDA-Fallback-Satz entspricht, die ISDA-Fallback-Anpassung; oder 
 
(iii) 
die Anpassungsspanne (die ein positiver oder negativer Wert 
oder Null sein kann), die von der Emittentin als Ersatz für die zu diesem 
Zeitpunkt 
geltende 
Benchmark 
ausgewählt 
wurde, 
wobei 
alle 
branchenüblichen Anpassungsspannen, oder die Methode zur Berechnung 
oder Festlegung einer solchen Anpassungsspanne für die Ersetzung der zu 
diesem Zeitpunkt geltenden Benchmark durch die anwendbare Unangepasste 
Ersatz-Benchmark für auf U.S.-Dollar lautende variabel verzinsliche 
Schuldverschreibungen angemessen berücksichtigt werden. 
 
„Ersatz-Benchmark konforme Änderungen“ bezeichnen in Bezug auf 
eine Ersatz-Benchmark alle technischen, administrativen der operationellen 
Änderungen (einschließlich Änderungen der Definition der Zinsperiode, des 
Zeitpunkts und der Häufigkeit der Festlegung von Zinssätzen und 
Zinszahlungen, der Rundung von Beträgen oder Laufzeiten und anderer 
administrativer Angelegenheiten), die die Emittentin (in Absprache mit der 
Berechnungsstelle) für angemessen hält, um die Einführung einer solchen 
Ersatz-Benchmark in einer Weise umzusetzen die im Wesentlichen der 
Marktpraxis entspricht (oder, falls die Emittentin (in Absprache mit der 
Berechnungsstelle) entscheidet, dass die Übernahme eines Teils dieser 
Marktpraxis administrativ nicht durchführbar ist, oder falls die Emittentin (in 
Absprache mit der Berechnungsstelle) feststellt, dass es keine Marktpraxis für 
die Verwendung der Ersatz-Benchmark gibt, auf eine andere Art und Weise, 
die die Emittentin (in Absprache mit der Berechnungsstelle) als angemessen 
erachtet). 
 
„Benchmark-Ersetzungstag“ bezeichnet das früheste der folgenden 
Ereignisse in Bezug auf die dann aktuelle Benchmark (einschließlich der 
täglich veröffentlichten Komponente, die zur Berechnung verwendet wird): 
 
(i) 
im Falle der Ereignisse (i) oder (ii) der Definition von 
„Benchmark-Änderungsereignis“ der spätere der beiden folgenden Zeitpunkte: 
(a) das Datum der öffentlichen Erklärung oder der Veröffentlichung der darin 
genannten Informationen und (b) das Datum, an dem der Benchmark 
Administrator die Bereitstellung der Benchmark (oder der entsprechenden 
Komponente) endgültig oder auf unbestimmte Zeit einstellt; oder 
 
(ii) 
im Falle des Ereignisses (iii) der Definition von „Benchmark-
Änderungsereignis“ das Datum der öffentlichen Erklärung oder der 
Veröffentlichung von Informationen, auf die darin Bezug genommen wird. 
 
Tritt das Ereignis, das den Benchmark-Ersetzungstag auslöst, am selben 
Tag wie der Referenzzeitpunkt für eine Festlegung, aber früher als dieser ein, 
so gilt der Benchmark-Ersetzungstag als vor dem Referenzzeitpunkt für diese 
Festlegung eingetreten. 
 
Für die Zwecke der Definitionen des Benchmark-Ersetzungstags und des 
Benchmark-Änderungsereignisses 
umfassen 
Bezugnahmen 
auf 
eine

--- Page 63 ---
62 
Benchmark auch jeden Referenzsatz, der einer solchen Benchmark zugrunde 
liegt. 
 
„Benchmark-Änderungsereignis“ bezeichnet das Eintreten eines oder 
mehrerer der folgenden Ereignisse in Bezug auf die zu diesem Zeitpunkt 
gültige Benchmark (einschließlich der täglich veröffentlichten Komponente, die 
zu ihrer Berechnung verwendet wird): 
 
(i) 
eine 
öffentliche 
Erklärung 
oder 
Veröffentlichung 
von 
Informationen durch oder im Namen des Administrators der Benchmark (oder 
einer Komponente), in der bekannt gegeben wird, dass dieser Administrator 
die Bereitstellung der Benchmark (oder einer solchen Komponente) dauerhaft 
oder auf unbestimmte Zeit eingestellt hat oder einstellen wird, vorausgesetzt, 
dass es zum Zeitpunkt einer solchen Erklärung oder Veröffentlichung keinen 
Nachfolgeadministrator gibt, der die Benchmark (oder eine solche 
Komponente) weiterhin bereitstellen wird; 
 
(ii) 
eine 
öffentliche 
Erklärung 
oder 
Veröffentlichung 
von 
Informationen durch die Aufsichtsbehörde für den Administrator der 
Benchmark (oder einer solchen Komponente), die Zentralbank für die 
Währung der Benchmark (oder einer solchen Komponente), einen 
Insolvenzverwalter, der für den Administrator der Benchmark (oder einer 
solchen Komponente) zuständig ist, eine Abwicklungsbehörde, die für den 
Administrator der Benchmark (oder einer solchen Komponente) zuständig ist, 
oder ein Gericht oder eine Einrichtung mit ähnlicher Insolvenz- oder 
Abwicklungskompetenz für den Administrator der Benchmark, aus der 
hervorgeht, dass der Administrator der Benchmark (oder einer solchen 
Komponente) die Bereitstellung der Benchmark (oder einer solchen 
Komponente) dauerhaft oder auf unbestimmte Zeit eingestellt hat oder 
einstellen wird, vorausgesetzt, dass es zum Zeitpunkt einer solchen Erklärung 
oder Veröffentlichung keinen Nachfolgeadministrator gibt, der die Benchmark 
(oder eine solche Komponente) weiterhin bereitstellt; oder 
 
(iii) 
eine 
öffentliche 
Erklärung 
oder 
Veröffentlichung 
von 
Informationen durch die Aufsichtsbehörde des Administrators der Benchmark, 
in der bekannt gegeben wird, dass die Benchmark nicht mehr repräsentativ ist. 
 
„ISDA“ 
bezeichnet 
die 
International 
Swaps 
and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. 
 
„ISDA-Definitionen“ bezeichnet die am Tag der Begebung der ersten 
Tranche dieser Serie von Schuldverschreibungen gültige Fassung der 2021 
ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (inklusive jeder Matrix und jeder 
Nachfolgematrix, jeweils wie in den 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives 
Definitions definiert), die auf der Website (www.isda.org) der International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association veröffentlicht wurde. 
 
„ISDA Fallback Anpassung“ bezeichnet die Anpassungsspanne 
(die ein positiver oder negativer Wert oder Null sein kann), die für 
Derivatetransaktionen gelten würde, die auf die ISDA-Definitionen verweisen 
und bei Eintritt eines Indexeinstellung-Ereignisses im Sinne der ISDA-
Definitionen (Index Cessation Event) in Bezug auf die Benchmark zu 
bestimmen sind. 
 
„ISDA Fallback Satz“ bezeichnet den Satz, der für auf ISDA-Definitionen 
bezugnehmende Derivatetransaktionen bei Eintritt eines Indexeinstellung-
Tages im Sinne der ISDA-Definitionen (Index Cessation Effective Date) in 
Bezug auf die Benchmark für die entsprechende Laufzeit gelten würde, jedoch 
ausschließlich einer anwendbaren ISDA Fallback Anpassung. 
 
„Referenzzeitpunkt“ bezeichnet in Bezug auf die Festlegung der 
Benchmark (i) wenn es sich bei der Benchmark um einen Compounded SOFR 
handelt, den SOFR Indexfestlegungszeitpunkt, und (ii) wenn es sich bei der

--- Page 64 ---
63 
Benchmark nicht um einen Compounded SOFR handelt, den Zeitpunkt, der 
von der Emittentin nach Durchführung der Ersatz-Benchmark konformen 
Änderungen bestimmt wird. 
 
„Zuständige Staatliche Stelle“ bezeichnet das Federal Reserve Board 
und/oder die Federal Reserve Bank of New York oder ein vom Federal 
Reserve Board und/oder der Federal Reserve Bank of New York offiziell 
bestätigter oder einberufener Ausschuss oder ein Nachfolgegremium dieser 
Gremien. 
 
„Unangepasste Ersatz-Benchmark“ bezeichnet die Ersatz-Benchmark 
ausschließlich der Ersatz-Benchmark Anpassung. 
 
 
Falls 
der 
Referenzsatz 
SONIA ist, ist folgendes 
anwendbar 
(2) 
Zinssatz. 
Der 
Zinssatz 
(„Zinssatz“) 
für 
jede 
Zinsperiode 
(wie nachstehend definiert) ist, sofern nachstehend nichts Abweichendes 
bestimmt ist, der Compounded SONIA (wie nachstehend definiert), der am 
Zinsfestlegungstag (wie nachstehend definiert) für die betreffende Zinsperiode 
gemäß der unten dargestellten Formel berechnet wird [im Falle einer Marge, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: 
[zuzüglich] 
[abzüglich] 
der 
Marge 
(wie nachstehend definiert)]. Die Feststellung des Zinssatzes erfolgt durch die 
Berechnungsstelle. 
 
„Zinsperiode“ 
bezeichnet 
jeweils 
den 
Zeitraum 
ab 
dem 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
ersten 
Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) bzw. ab jedem Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) bis zum 
jeweils darauffolgenden Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich). 
 
„Zinsfestlegungstag“ bezeichnet den [5] [Zahl]. Londoner Geschäftstag 
vor dem jeweiligen Zinszahlungstag oder den [5] [Zahl]. Londoner 
Geschäftstag vor einem etwaig für die Rückzahlung festgesetzten Tag. 
 
„Londoner Geschäftstag“ bezeichnet einen Tag (außer einem Samstag 
oder Sonntag), an dem Geschäftsbanken in London für Geschäfte 
(einschließlich Devisen- und Sortengeschäfte) geöffnet sind; 
 
[Im Falle einer Marge, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
 
Die „Marge“ beträgt [●] % per annum.] 
 
„Bildschirmseite“ bezeichnet [Relevante Bildschirmseite] oder die 
jeweilige Nachfolgeseite, die vom selben System angezeigt wird oder aber von 
einem anderen System, das zum Vertreiber von Informationen zum Zwecke 
der Anzeige von Sätzen oder Preisen ernannt wurde, die dem betreffenden 
Referenzsatz vergleichbar sind. 
 
„SONIA“ bezeichnet Sterling Overnight Index Average. 
 
„SONIA 
Referenzsatz“ 
bezeichnet, 
bezüglich 
eines 
Londoner 
Geschäftstags, einen Referenzsatz gleich dem SONIA Satz für diesen 
Londoner Geschäftstag, wie er vom Administrator von SONIA an autorisierte 
Stellen übermittelt und auf der Bildschirmseite veröffentlicht wurde oder, sofern 
die Bildschirmseite nicht verfügbar ist, wie er anderweitig durch autorisierte 
Stellen (am auf diesen Londoner Geschäftstag folgenden Londoner 
Geschäftstag) veröffentlicht wurde.  
 
„Compounded 
SONIA“ 
wird 
von 
der 
Berechnungsstelle 
am 
Zinsfestlegungstag wie folgt berechnet, wobei der daraus resultierende 
Prozentsatz, sofern notwendig, auf den nächsten zehn Tausendstel 
Prozentpunkt (0,0001 %) gerundet, wobei 0,00005 aufgerundet wird: 
( 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡
−1) x 365
𝑑

--- Page 65 ---
64 
 
„d“ 
bezeichnet 
die 
Anzahl 
der 
Kalendertage 
ab 
dem 
SONIA 
Compounded 
IndexStart 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
SONIA 
Compounded 
IndexEnd 
(ausschließlich);  
 
„SONIA Compounded IndexEnd“ 
bezeichnet den SONIA Compounded 
Index Value an dem Tag, der [5] 
[Zahl] Londoner Geschäftstage vor 
dem Zinszahlungstag in Bezug auf 
die betreffende Zinsperiode liegt oder 
im 
Falle 
einer 
vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen an dem Tag, 
der 
[5] 
[Zahl] 
Londoner 
Geschäftstage vor einem für die 
Rückzahlung festgesetzten Tag liegt 
(ein „Indexfeststellungstag“);  
 
„SONIA Compounded IndexStart“ 
bezeichnet den SONIA Compounded 
Index Value an dem Tag, der [5] 
[Zahl] Londoner Geschäftstage vor 
dem ersten Tag der betreffenden 
Zinsperiode 
liegt 
(ein „Indexfeststellungstag“); 
 
„SONIA Compounded Index Value“ 
bezeichnet 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
einen 
Indexfeststellungstag den Wert, der 
als 
„SONIA 
Compounded 
Index 
Value“ vom Administrator des SONIA 
Referenzsatzes 
oder 
von 
einem 
Vertreiber 
von 
Informationen 
an 
diesem 
Indexfeststellungstag 
um 
12:30 Uhr 
(Londoner 
Ortszeit) 
veröffentlicht oder angezeigt wird.  
 
Sollte die Berechnungsstelle in Bezug auf einen Indexfeststellungstag 
feststellen, dass der SONIA Compounded Index Value nicht verfügbar ist oder 
nicht anderweitig vom Administrator des SONIA Referenzsatzes oder einem 
anderen Vertreiber von Informationen veröffentlicht oder angezeigt wird, wird 
der „Compounded SONIA“ für diese Zinsperiode von der Berechnungsstelle 
am betreffenden Zinsfestlegungstag auf der Grundlage des GBP-SONIA-
COMPOUND berechnet. 
 
„GBP-SONIA-COMPOUND“ wird von der Berechnungsstelle am 
Zinsfestlegungstag wie folgt (als Rendite einer täglich kumulierten Anlage, 
wobei der SONIA Referenzsatz als Referenzzinssatz für diese Anlage gilt) 
berechnet, wobei der daraus resultierende Prozentsatz, sofern notwendig, auf 
den nächsten zehn Tausendstel Prozentpunkt (0,0001 %) gerundet, wobei 
0,00005 aufgerundet wird: 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
365
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
] × 365
𝑑
 
 
„d0“ 
bezeichnet die Anzahl der Londoner 
Geschäftstage 
in 
der 
jeweiligen 
Zinsperiode; 
 
„Berechnungszeitraum“ 
bezeichnet den Zeitraum ab dem 
Indexfeststellungstag 
für 
SONIA

--- Page 66 ---
65 
Compounded 
IndexStart 
(einschließlich) 
der 
betreffenden 
Zinsperiode 
bis 
zum 
Indexfeststellungstag 
für 
SONIA 
Compounded 
IndexEnd 
(ausschließlich) 
der 
betreffenden 
Zinsperiode; 
 
„i“ 
bezeichnet eine Reihe von ganzen 
Zahlen von eins bis d0, die in 
chronologischer Folge die jeweiligen 
Londoner Geschäftstage vom ersten 
Londoner 
Geschäftstag 
(einschließlich) in dem jeweiligen 
Berechnungszeitraum wiedergeben; 
 
„SONIAi“ 
bezeichnet für jeden Tag „i“ in dem 
jeweiligen 
Berechnungszeitraum 
einen Referenzsatz, der dem SONIA 
Referenzsatz entspricht; 
 
„ni“ 
bezeichnet 
die 
Anzahl 
der 
Kalendertage 
in 
dem 
jeweiligen 
Berechnungszeitraum, an denen der 
Satz SONIAi ist; 
 
„d“ 
bezeichnet 
die 
Anzahl 
der 
Kalendertage 
in 
dem 
jeweiligen 
Berechnungszeitraum. 
 
Sofern der SONIA Referenzsatz an einem Londoner Geschäftstag in 
dem jeweiligen Berechnungszeitraum nicht veröffentlicht wird, bestimmt die 
Berechnungsstelle den SONIA Referenzsatz für einen solchen Londoner 
Geschäftstag als den Satz, der dem SONIA Referenzsatz an dem letzten 
Londoner Geschäftstag entspricht, für den ein SONIA Referenzsatz durch die 
autorisierten Stellen veröffentlicht wurde. 
 
Sofern die Berechnungsstelle an einem Londoner Geschäftstag, der auf 
einen solchen Londoner Geschäftstag folgt, feststellt, dass der SONIA 
Referenzsatz weiterhin nicht verfügbar ist oder von den betreffenden 
autorisierten Stellen nicht anderweitig veröffentlicht wurde, wird die 
Berechnungsstelle den SONIA Referenzsatz in Bezug auf jeden dieser 
Londoner Geschäftstage als den Satz (einschließlich aller Zinsspannen oder 
Anpassungen) bestimmen, der als Ersatz für den SONIA Referenzsatz 
empfohlen wird (i) von dem Administrator des SONIA (falls der Administrator 
des SONIA die Bank of England oder eine nachfolgende nationale Zentralbank 
ist), oder andernfalls (ii) von einem Ausschuss oder einem anderen Gremium, 
der bzw. das von der Financial Conduct Authority und die Prudential 
Regulation Authority (oder einem der jeweiligen Nachfolger) oder von beiden 
gemeinsam offiziell gebilligt oder einberufen wird; dabei können die Financial 
Conduct Authority und die Prudential Regulation Authority (oder ihre jeweiligen 
Nachfolger) als dieses Gremium oder dieser Ausschuss gebilligt oder 
einberufen werden. Im Falle von (ii) muss dieser Satz von der Bank of England 
oder einem anderen Administrator ermittelt werden können und von dem 
Administrator dieses Satzes bereitgestellt oder veröffentlicht werden. Falls der 
zuständige Administrator oder Nachfolgeadministrator diesen Satz nicht 
bereitstellt oder veröffentlicht, gilt dieser Satz wie er von einer autorisierten 
Stelle bereitgestellt oder veröffentlicht wird (der „GBP-Empfehlungssatz“).  
 
Sollte die Berechnungsstelle in Bezug auf einen Londoner Geschäftstag 
in dem jeweiligen Berechnungszeitraum feststellen, dass kein GBP-
Empfehlungssatz 
existiert 
oder 
veröffentlicht 
wird, 
bestimmt 
die 
Berechnungsstelle 
den 
SONIA-Referenzsatz 
für 
jeden 
Londoner

--- Page 67 ---
66 
Geschäftstag, für die der GBP-Empfehlungssatz andernfalls angewendet 
worden wäre, 
als: (i) den Zinssatz 
der 
Bank of 
England (der 
„Einlagenzinssatz“), der bei Geschäftsschluss am maßgeblichen Londoner 
Geschäftstag gilt; plus (ii) den Mittelwert der Zinsspannen von SONIA zum 
Einlagenzinssatz der letzten [5] [Zahl] Londoner Geschäftstage, an denen 
SONIA veröffentlicht wurde, mit Ausnahme der höchsten Zinsspanne (oder, 
wenn es mehr als eine höchste Zinsspanne gibt, nur eine dieser höchsten 
Zinsspannen) und der niedrigsten Zinsspanne (oder, wenn es mehr als eine 
niedrigste Zinsspanne gibt, nur eine dieser niedrigsten Zinsspannen) zum 
Einlagenzinssatz.  
 
Für den Fall, dass der Zinssatz nicht gemäß den vorstehenden 
Bestimmungen von der Berechnungsstelle bestimmt werden kann, soll der 
Zinssatz (i) derjenige des letzten vorangegangenen Zinsfestlegungstages sein 
oder, (ii) wenn es keinen solchen vorangegangenen Zinsfestlegungstag gibt, 
der anfängliche Zinssatz sein, der für solche Schuldverschreibungen für die 
erste 
Zinsperiode 
anwendbar 
gewesen 
wäre, 
wären 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen für einen Zeitraum von gleicher Dauer wie die erste 
Zinsperiode bis zum Verzinsungsbeginn (ausschließlich) begeben worden. 
 
Die Feststellung des Zinssatzes gemäß den vorstehenden Absätzen 
erfolgt durch die Berechnungsstelle. 
 
 
Falls der Angebotszinssatz 
für 
Einlagen 
in 
der 
festgelegten 
Währung 
EURIBOR ist, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
(3) Einstellungs-Ereignis. 
(a) Stellt die Emittentin (in Abstimmung mit der Berechnungsstelle) fest, 
dass vor oder an einem Zinsfestlegungstag ein Einstellungs-Ereignis 
eingetreten ist, wird der Angebotszinssatz für die auf den Zinsfestlegungstag 
folgende Zinsperiode und jede nachfolgende Zinsperiode (es sei denn, es tritt 
in der Folge ein neues Einstellungs-Ereignis ein) durch den Ersatz-
Angebotszinssatz (wie nachstehend definiert), der gegebenenfalls durch eine 
etwaige Anpassungsspanne (wie nachstehend definiert) angepasst wird, 
ersetzt. Die Emissionsbedingungen werden mit Wirkung ab dem relevanten 
Zinsfestlegungstag durch die Anpassungen (wie nachstehend definiert) 
geändert (einschließlich einer etwaigen Änderung dieses Zinsfestlegungstags, 
falls die Anpassungen dies so bestimmen). Die Emittentin wird den Gläubigern 
den Ersatz-Angebotszinssatz, die etwaige Anpassungsspanne und die 
Anpassungen gemäß § 12 bekanntgeben. 
 
(b) Soweit vor oder an einem Zinsfestlegungstag ein Ersatz-
Angebotszinssatz gemäß Absatz (a) nicht zur Verfügung steht, wird die 
Emittentin in Konsultation mit dem Unabhängigen Sachverständigen 
(wie nachstehend 
definiert) 
den 
Alternativ-Angebotszinssatz 
(wie nachstehend definiert) und eine etwaige Alternativ-Anpassungsspanne 
(wie nachstehend definiert) festlegen und die Berechnungsstelle hierüber bis 
spätestens am 5. Geschäftstag vor dem betreffenden Zinsfestlegungstag 
informieren. In diesem Fall wird der Angebotszinssatz für die auf den 
Zinsfestlegungstag folgende Zinsperiode und jede nachfolgende Zinsperiode 
(es sei denn, es tritt in der Folge ein neues Einstellungs-Ereignis ein) durch 
den Alternativ-Angebotszinssatz, der gegebenenfalls durch eine etwaige 
Alternativ-Anpassungsspanne 
angepasst 
wird, 
ersetzt. 
Die 
Emissionsbedingungen 
werden 
mit 
Wirkung 
ab 
dem 
relevanten 
Zinsfestlegungstag durch die Anpassungen geändert (einschließlich einer 
etwaigen Änderung dieses Zinsfestlegungstags, falls die Anpassungen dies so 
bestimmen). 
Die 
Emittentin 
wird 
den 
Gläubigern 
den 
Alternativ-
Angebotszinssatz, die etwaige Alternativ-Anpassungsspanne und die 
Anpassungen gemäß § 12 bekanntgeben. 
 
(c) Wenn ein Ersatz-Angebotszinssatz gemäß Absatz (a) nicht zur 
Verfügung steht und vor einem Zinsfestlegungstag die Emittentin keinen 
Unabhängigen 
Sachverständigen 
ernennt 
oder 
ein 
Alternativ-
Angebotszinssatz 
nicht 
entsprechend 
des 
vorstehenden 
Absatzes

--- Page 68 ---
67 
(b) festgelegt oder die Berechnungsstelle hierüber nicht spätestens am 
5. Geschäftstag vor dem betreffenden Zinsfestlegungstag informiert wird, ist 
der Angebotszinssatz für die auf den relevanten Zinsfestlegungstag folgende 
Zinsperiode der für die unmittelbar vorangehende Zinsperiode bestimmte 
Angebotszinssatz. Falls der Angebotszinssatz gemäß diesem Absatz (c) zur 
Anwendung kommt, wird für die Bestimmung des Angebotszinssatzes für die 
nächste folgende Zinsperiode § 3 Absatz 3 erneut angewendet. 
 
„Einstellungs-Ereignis“ bezeichnet in Bezug auf den Angebotszinssatz 
eines der nachfolgenden Ereignisse: 
 
(a) der Angebotszinssatz wurde in den letzten zehn Geschäftstagen vor 
dem und bis einschließlich zum relevanten Zinsfestlegungstag nicht auf der 
Bildschirmseite veröffentlicht; oder 
 
(b) eine öffentliche Bekanntmachung seitens des Administrators des 
Angebotszinssatzes, der für den Administrator zuständigen Aufsichtsbehörde 
oder der für die festgelegte Währung zuständigen Zentralbank, dass der 
Administrator des Angebotszinssatzes die Berechnung und/oder die 
Veröffentlichung des Angebotszinssatzes dauerhaft oder auf unbestimmte Zeit 
eingestellt 
hat 
oder 
einstellen 
wird 
(wenn 
zum 
Zeitpunkt 
dieser 
Bekanntmachung kein Nachfolgeadministrator ernannt worden ist, der die 
Berechnung und/oder Veröffentlichung des Angebotszinssatzes fortsetzen 
wird); oder 
 
(c) eine öffentliche Bekanntmachung seitens des Administrators des 
Angebotszinssatzes, der für den Administrator zuständigen Aufsichtsbehörde 
oder der für die festgelegte Währung zuständigen Zentralbank, dass der 
Angebotszinssatz dauerhaft oder auf unbestimmte Zeit eingestellt wird; oder 
 
(d) eine öffentliche Bekanntmachung seitens des Administrators des 
Angebotszinssatzes, der für den Administrator zuständigen Aufsichtsbehörde 
oder der für die festgelegte Währung zuständigen Zentralbank, dass eine 
wesentliche Änderung der Methode zur Festlegung des Angebotszinssatzes 
vorgenommen werden wird; oder 
 
(e) eine öffentliche Bekanntmachung seitens des Administrators des 
Angebotszinssatzes, der für den Administrator zuständigen Aufsichtsbehörde 
oder der für die festgelegte Währung zuständigen Zentralbank, dass der 
Angebotszinssatz nicht mehr repräsentativ ist; oder 
 
(f) eine öffentliche Bekanntmachung seitens des Administrators des 
Angebotszinssatzes, der für den Administrator zuständigen Aufsichtsbehörde 
oder der für die festgelegte Währung zuständigen Zentralbank, dass die 
Nutzung des Angebotszinssatzes allgemein verboten ist; oder 
 
(g) die Veröffentlichung einer Mitteilung durch die Emittentin gemäß § 12, 
dass die Verwendung des Angebotszinssatzes zur Berechnung des 
Zinssatzes für die Emittentin, die Berechnungsstelle oder eine Zahlstelle 
rechtswidrig geworden ist. 
 
„Ersatz-Angebotszinssatz“ bezeichnet einen Nachfolger oder Ersatz 
des 
Angebotszinssatzes, 
der 
offiziell 
durch 
die 
Nominierungsstelle 
(wie nachstehend definiert) empfohlen wurde. 
 
„Anpassungsspanne“ bezeichnet die Differenz (positiv oder negativ) 
oder das Ergebnis der Anwendung einer Formel oder Methode zur 
Bestimmung einer solchen Differenz, die offiziell im Zusammenhang mit der 
Ersetzung des Angebotszinssatzes durch den Ersatz-Angebotszinssatz von 
der Nominierungsstelle empfohlen wird. 
 
„Anpassungen“ 
bezeichnet 
die 
Änderungen 
hinsichtlich 
der 
Emissionsbedingungen, die (i) im Falle eines Ersatz-Angebotszinssatzes nach

--- Page 69 ---
68 
Feststellung der Emittentin in Abstimmung mit der Berechnungsstelle und 
(ii) im Falle eines Alternativ-Angebotszinssatzes nach Feststellung durch die 
Emittentin unter Konsultation mit dem Unabhängigen Sachverständigen 
notwendig sind, um die ordnungsgemäße Anwendung des Ersatz-
Angebotszinssatzes und der Anpassungsspanne oder die ordnungsgemäße 
Anwendung 
des 
Alternativ-Angebotszinssatzes 
und 
der 
Alternativ-
Anpassungsspanne zu gewährleisten. Die Anpassungen können u.a. 
Regelungen bezüglich der anwendbaren Geschäftstag-Konvention, der 
Definitionen der Begriffe „Bildschirmseite“, „Geschäftstag“, „Zinszahlungstag“, 
„Zinsperiode“, 
„Zinstagequotient“ 
und/oder 
„Zinsfestlegungstag“ 
(einschließlich der Festlegung ob der Angebotszinssatz vorwärts- oder 
rückwärtsgerichtet bestimmt wird) sowie jeder Methode oder Definition, um 
den Ersatz-Angebotszinssatz oder den Alternativ-Angebotszinssatz zu 
erhalten oder zu berechnen, erfassen. 
 
„Nominierungsstelle“ bezeichnet (1) die Zentralbank für die Währung in 
der der Angebotszinssatz dargestellt wird oder eine Zentralbank oder andere 
Aufsichtsbehörde, 
die 
für 
die 
Aufsicht 
des 
Administrators 
des 
Angebotszinssatzes zuständig ist; oder (2) jede Arbeitsgruppe oder jeder 
Ausschuss, die/der von (a) der Zentralbank für die Währung in der der 
Angebotszinssatz dargestellt wird, (b) einer Zentralbank oder anderen 
Aufsichtsbehörde, 
die 
für 
die 
Aufsicht 
des 
Administrators 
des 
Angebotszinssatzes zuständig ist, (c) einer Gruppe der zuvor genannten 
Zentralbanken 
oder 
anderer 
Aufsichtsbehörden 
oder 
(d) dem Finanzstabilitätsrat (Financial Stability Board) oder Teilen davon 
unterstützt, (mit)geleitet oder befürwortet wird. 
 
„Unabhängiger Sachverständiger“ bezeichnet ein von der Emittentin 
zu wirtschaftlich angemessenen Bedingungen unter zumutbaren Bemühungen 
ernanntes unabhängiges Finanzinstitut mit internationalem Ansehen oder 
einen anderen unabhängigen Finanzberater mit Erfahrung in internationalen 
Kapitalmärkten. 
 
„Alternativ-Angebotszinssatz“ bezeichnet einen öffentlich verfügbaren 
alternativen 
Angebotszinssatz, 
der 
dafür 
vorgesehen 
ist, 
dass 
Finanzinstrumente 
oder 
-verträge, 
wie 
u.a. 
in 
Form 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, diesen bei der Bestimmung von variablen Zinssätzen 
(oder dazugehörigen Zinskomponenten) in der festgelegten Währung 
verwenden können. 
 
„Alternativ-Anpassungsspanne“ bezeichnet die Differenz (positiv oder 
negativ) oder das Ergebnis der Anwendung einer Formel oder Methode zur 
Bestimmung einer solchen Differenz, die nach Festlegung durch die Emittentin 
in Konsultation mit dem Unabhängigen Sachverständigen auf den Alternativ-
Angebotszinssatz anzuwenden ist, um eine Verlagerung des wirtschaftlichen 
Wertes zwischen der Emittentin und den Gläubigern, die ohne diese 
Anpassung infolge der Ersetzung des Angebotszinssatzes durch den 
Alternativ-Angebotszinssatz entstehen würde (einschließlich, aber ohne 
hierauf begrenzt zu sein, infolgedessen, dass der Alternativ-Angebotszinssatz 
eine risikofreie Rate ist), soweit sinnvollerweise möglich, zu reduzieren oder 
auszuschließen. 
 
[(4)] Zinsbetrag. Die Berechnungsstelle wird zu oder, sofern dies nicht 
möglich ist, sobald möglich nach jedem Zeitpunkt, an dem der Zinssatz zu 
bestimmen ist, den auf die Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren Zinsbetrag für 
die entsprechende Zinsperiode berechnen („Zinsbetrag“). Der Zinsbetrag wird 
ermittelt, indem der Zinssatz und der Zinstagequotient (wie nachstehend 
definiert) auf den Nennbetrag angewendet werden. Der sich ergebende Betrag 
wird auf die kleinste Einheit der festgelegten Währung auf- oder abgerundet, 
wobei 0,5 solcher Einheiten aufgerundet werden.

--- Page 70 ---
69 
 
[(5)] Mitteilung von Zinssatz und Zinsbetrag. Die Berechnungsstelle wird 
veranlassen, dass der Zinssatz, der Zinsbetrag für die jeweilige Zinsperiode, 
die jeweilige Zinsperiode und der betreffende Zinszahlungstag der Emittentin 
[im Falle von Schuldverschreibungen, die von der SFM oder der SCC 
begeben werden, ist folgendes anwendbar: und der Garantin] sowie den 
Gläubigern gemäß § 12 baldmöglichst nach ihrer Feststellung, spätestens am 
vierten auf die Berechnung folgenden Geschäftstag sowie jeder Börse, an der 
die betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen zu diesem Zeitpunkt notiert sind und 
deren Regeln eine Mitteilung an die Börse verlangen, baldmöglichst nach ihrer 
Feststellung, spätestens am ersten Tag der jeweiligen Zinsperiode mitgeteilt 
werden. Im Falle einer Verlängerung oder Verkürzung der Zinsperiode können 
der mitgeteilte Zinsbetrag und Zinszahlungstag ohne Vorankündigung 
nachträglich angepasst oder andere geeignete Anpassungsregelungen 
getroffen werden. Jede solche Änderung wird allen Börsen, an denen die 
Schuldverschreibungen zu diesem Zeitpunkt notiert sind und deren Regeln 
eine Mitteilung an die Börse verlangen, sowie den Gläubigern gemäß § 12 
mitgeteilt. 
 
[(6)] 
Verbindlichkeit 
der 
Festsetzungen. 
Alle 
Bescheinigungen, 
Mitteilungen, Gutachten, Festsetzungen, Berechnungen, Quotierungen und 
Entscheidungen, die von der Berechnungsstelle für die Zwecke dieses § 3 
gemacht, abgegeben, getroffen oder eingeholt werden, sind für die Emittentin, 
[im Falle von Schuldverschreibungen, die von der SFM oder der SCC 
begeben 
werden, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: 
die 
Garantin,] 
die 
Emissionsstelle, die Zahlstellen und die Gläubiger bindend, sofern nicht ein 
offensichtlicher Irrtum vorliegt. 
 
[(7)] Auflaufende Zinsen. Falls die Emittentin die Schuldverschreibungen 
bei Fälligkeit nicht zurückzahlt, fallen auf den ausstehenden Nennbetrag ab 
dem Tag der Fälligkeit (einschließlich) bis zum Tag der tatsächlichen Zahlung 
an das Clearing System (ausschließlich) Zinsen in Höhe des Zinssatzes 
gemäß Absatz 2 für die letzte Zinsperiode zuzüglich eines Prozentpunkts an. 
 
[(8)] Zinstagequotient. „Zinstagequotient“ bezeichnet im Hinblick auf die 
Berechnung des Zinsbetrages auf eine Schuldverschreibung für einen 
beliebigen Zeitraum („Zinsberechnungszeitraum“) 
Im Falle von Actual/365 
(Fixed), 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: 
die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im Zinsberechnungszeitraum, 
dividiert durch 365. 
 
 
Im Falle von Actual/360, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: 
die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im Zinsberechnungszeitraum, 
dividiert durch 360. 
 
 
Im 
Falle 
von 
30/360, 
360/360 oder Bond–Basis, 
ist folgendes anwendbar: 
die Anzahl von Tagen im Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360, 
wobei die Anzahl der Tage auf der Grundlage eines Jahres von 360 Tagen mit 
zwölf Monaten zu je 30 Tagen zu ermitteln ist. Dies gilt nicht, wenn (a) der 
letzte Tag des Zinsberechnungszeitraums auf den 31. Tag eines Monats fällt, 
während der erste Tag des Zinsberechnungszeitraumes weder auf den 30. 
noch auf den 31. Tag eines Monats fällt. In diesem Fall ist der den letzten Tag 
enthaltende Monat nicht als ein auf 30 Tage gekürzter Monat zu 
behandeln. Zudem 
gilt 
dies 
nicht, 
wenn 
(b) der 
letzte 
Tag 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraumes auf den letzten Tag des Monats Februar fällt. In 
diesem Fall ist der Monat Februar nicht als ein auf 30 Tage verlängerter Monat 
zu behandeln. 
 
 
Im Falle von 30E/360 oder 
Eurobond–Basis, 
ist 
folgendes anwendbar: 
die Anzahl der Tage im Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360. 
Dabei ist die Anzahl der Tage auf der Grundlage eines Jahres von 360 Tagen 
mit 12 Monaten zu 30 Tagen zu ermitteln, und zwar ohne Berücksichtigung 
des ersten oder letzten Tages des Zinsberechnungszeitraumes. Dies gilt nicht, 
wenn im Falle einer am Fälligkeitstag endenden Zinsperiode der Fälligkeitstag 
der letzte Tag des Monats Februar ist. In diesem Fall gilt der Monat Februar 
als nicht auf einen Monat zu 30 Tagen verlängert.

--- Page 71 ---
70 
 
 
 
§ 4 
ZAHLUNGEN 
 
(1) (a) Zahlungen auf Kapital. Zahlungen auf Kapital in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen erfolgen nach Maßgabe von § 4 Absatz 2 an das 
Clearing System oder gegebenenfalls dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den 
Konten der jeweiligen Kontoinhaber bei dem Clearing System. 
 
(b) 
Zahlung 
von 
Zinsen. 
Die 
Zahlung 
von 
Zinsen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen erfolgt nach Maßgabe von § 4 Absatz 2 an das 
Clearing System oder gegebenenfalls dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den 
Konten der jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des Clearing Systems. 
 
[Im Falle einer vorläufigen Globalurkunde, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
 
Die Zahlung von Zinsen auf Schuldverschreibungen, die durch eine 
vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, erfolgt nach Maßgabe von § 4 
Absatz 2 an das Clearing System oder gegebenenfalls dessen Order zur 
Gutschrift auf den Konten der jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des Clearing Systems. 
Voraussetzung für die Zahlung von Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen ist 
die Vorlage einer ordnungsgemäßen Bescheinigung gemäß § 1 Absatz 3 
Buchstabe (b).] 
 
(2) Zahlungsweise. Vorbehaltlich geltender steuerlicher und sonstiger 
gesetzlicher Regelungen und Vorschriften erfolgen zu leistende Zahlungen auf 
die Schuldverschreibungen in der festgelegten Währung. 
 
(3) Vereinigte Staaten von Amerika. Für die Zwecke dieser 
Emissionsbedingungen bezeichnet „Vereinigte Staaten“ die Vereinigten 
Staaten von Amerika (einschließlich deren Bundesstaaten und des Districts of 
Columbia) sowie deren Territorien (einschließlich Puerto Rico, der U.S. Virgin 
Islands, Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island und Northern Mariana Islands). 
 
(4) Erfüllung. Die Emittentin [im Falle von Schuldverschreibungen, die 
von der SFM oder der SCC begeben werden, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
bzw. die Garantin] wird durch Leistung der Zahlung an das Clearing System 
oder dessen Order von ihrer Zahlungspflicht befreit. 
 
(5) Zahltag. Fällt der Tag der Fälligkeit einer Zahlung in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen auf einen Tag, der kein Zahltag (wie nachstehend 
definiert) ist, dann hat der Gläubiger keinen Anspruch auf Zahlung vor dem 
nächsten Zahltag am jeweiligen Geschäftsort. Der Gläubiger hat in diesem Fall 
keinen Anspruch auf Zahlung weiterer Zinsen oder sonstiger Zahlungen 
aufgrund dieser Verspätung. 
 
Für diese Zwecke bezeichnet „Zahltag“ jeden Tag, der ein Geschäftstag 
ist. 
 
(6) Bezugnahmen auf Kapital und Zinsen. Bezugnahmen in diesen 
Emissionsbedingungen auf einen Kapitalbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen 
schließen, 
soweit 
anwendbar, 
die 
folgenden 
Beträge 
ein: 
den 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
den 
vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungsbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen[;] [falls die Emittentin das 
Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zurückzuzahlen, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: den vorzeitigen Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag der 
Schuldverschreibungen] sowie jeden Aufschlag sowie sonstige auf oder in 
Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren Beträge. Bezugnahmen in 
diesen Emissionsbedingungen auf Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
schließen, soweit anwendbar, sämtliche gemäß § 7 zahlbaren zusätzlichen 
Beträge ein.

--- Page 72 ---
71 
 
(7) Hinterlegung von Kapital und Zinsen. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, 
beim Amtsgericht München, Bundesrepublik Deutschland, Zins- oder 
Kapitalbeträge zu hinterlegen, die von den Gläubigern nicht innerhalb von 
zwölf Monaten nach dem Tag der Fälligkeit beansprucht worden sind, auch 
wenn die Gläubiger sich nicht in Annahmeverzug befinden. Soweit eine solche 
Hinterlegung erfolgt und auf das Recht der Rücknahme verzichtet wird, 
erlöschen die diesbezüglichen Ansprüche der Gläubiger gegen die Emittentin. 
 
(8) Kein Verzug. Soweit rechtlich zulässig, gerät die Emittentin mit ihrer 
Zahlungspflicht nicht in Verzug, soweit die Zahlung aufgrund eines Gesetzes 
oder einer Vorschrift nicht an das Clearing System oder dessen Order geleistet 
wird und die Emittentin die Zahlung nicht mit zumutbaren Maßnahmen an das 
Clearing System oder dessen Order leisten kann. Zur Klarstellung: Die 
Emittentin ist in keinem Fall verpflichtet, direkt an einen Gläubiger zu zahlen. 
 
§ 5 
RÜCKZAHLUNG 
 
(1) Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit. Soweit nicht zuvor bereits ganz oder 
teilweise zurückgezahlt oder angekauft und entwertet, werden die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zu 
ihrem 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
am 
in 
den 
[Rückzahlungsmonat] 
fallenden 
Zinszahlungstag 
(„Fälligkeitstag“) 
zurückgezahlt. 
 
Der „Rückzahlungsbetrag“ in Bezug auf jede Schuldverschreibung 
entspricht dem Nennbetrag der Schuldverschreibung. 
 
(2) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aus steuerlichen Gründen. Sollte die 
Emittentin [im Falle von Schuldverschreibungen, die von der SFM oder 
der SCC begeben werden, ist folgendes anwendbar: und/oder die 
Garantin] aufgrund einer Änderung des Steuerrechts (wie nachstehend 
definiert) bei der nächsten fälligen Zahlung unter den Schuldverschreibungen 
zur Zahlung von zusätzlichen Beträgen (wie in § 7 definiert) verpflichtet sein 
oder werden, können die Schuldverschreibungen insgesamt, jedoch nicht 
teilweise, nach Wahl der Emittentin [im Falle von durch die SFM oder die 
SCC begebenen Schuldverschreibungen, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
und/oder der Garantin] gegenüber den Gläubigern durch Mitteilung unter 
Einhaltung einer Frist von nicht weniger als 30 Tagen und nicht mehr als 
60 Tagen vorzeitig gekündigt werden. 
 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
werden 
zu 
ihrem 
vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungsbetrag (wie nachstehend definiert) zuzüglich bis zu dem für die 
Rückzahlung 
festgesetzten 
Geschäftstag 
(ausschließlich) 
etwaiger 
aufgelaufener Zinsen zurückgezahlt. 
 
Dieses Recht besteht nicht, wenn die Zahlung von zusätzlichen Beträgen 
durch das Ergreifen angemessener, der Emittentin [im Falle von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die von der SFM oder der SCC begeben werden, 
ist folgendes anwendbar: und/oder der Garantin] zur Verfügung stehender 
Maßnahmen vermieden werden kann. 
 
Eine „Änderung des Steuerrechts“ ist 
 
(i) 
jede Änderung oder Ergänzung der Steuer- oder Abgabengesetze 
oder -vorschriften der Bundesrepublik Deutschland [im Falle von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die von der SFM begeben werden, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: oder der Niederlande] [im Falle von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die von der SCC begeben werden, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: oder der Vereinigten Staaten] oder deren 
politischen Untergliederungen oder Steuerbehörden,

--- Page 73 ---
72 
 
(ii) jede Änderung oder Ergänzung der Anwendung oder der offiziellen 
Auslegung dieser Gesetze oder Vorschriften, 
 
(iii) jede Änderung oder Ergänzung der von den Steuerbehörden oder 
den zuständigen Gerichten in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland [im 
Falle von Schuldverschreibungen, die von der SFM begeben 
werden, ist folgendes anwendbar: oder den Niederlanden] [im 
Falle von Schuldverschreibungen, die von der SCC begeben 
werden, ist folgendes anwendbar: oder den Vereinigten Staaten] 
oder deren politischen Untergliederungen oder Steuerbehörden 
getroffenen Maßnahmen/Entscheidungen, unabhängig davon, ob 
eine derartige Maßnahme/Entscheidung im Zusammenhang mit der 
Emittentin [im Falle von Schuldverschreibungen, die von der 
SFM oder der SCC begeben werden, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
oder der Garantin] steht, oder  
 
(iv) jede offiziell vorgeschlagene Änderung, Ergänzung, Neufassung, 
Anwendung, Auslegung oder Durchsetzung der Gesetze oder jede 
dazu ergangene Entscheidung oder Verordnung der Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland [im Falle von Schuldverschreibungen, die von der 
SFM begeben werden, ist folgendes anwendbar: oder der 
Niederlande] [im Falle von Schuldverschreibungen, die von der 
SCC begeben werden, ist folgendes anwendbar: oder der 
Vereinigten Staaten] oder deren politischen Untergliederungen oder 
Steuerbehörden. 
 
Die Kündigung setzt voraus, dass diese Änderung, Ergänzung, 
Neufassung, Anwendung, Auslegung oder Durchsetzung von Gesetzen oder 
Vorschriften am oder nach dem Tag, an dem diese Schuldverschreibungen 
begeben werden, wirksam werden würde. 
 
Eine solche Kündigung darf allerdings nicht 
 
(i) 
früher als 90 Tage vor dem frühestmöglichen Termin erfolgen, an 
dem die Emittentin [im Falle von Schuldverschreibungen, die von 
der SFM oder der SCC begeben werden, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: und/oder die Garantin] verpflichtet wäre, solche 
zusätzlichen Beträge zu zahlen, falls eine Zahlung auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen dann fällig sein würde, oder 
 
(ii) erfolgen, wenn zu dem Zeitpunkt, zu dem die Kündigungsmitteilung 
erfolgt, die Verpflichtung zur Zahlung von zusätzlichen Beträgen 
nicht mehr wirksam ist. 
 
Der für die Rückzahlung festgelegte Termin muss ein Zinszahlungstag 
sein. 
 
Die Kündigungsmitteilung ist gemäß § 12 bekanntzugeben. Sie ist 
unwiderruflich, muss den für die Rückzahlung festgelegten Termin nennen und 
eine zusammenfassende Erklärung enthalten; diese Erklärung muss die das 
Kündigungsrecht der Emittentin [im Falle von Schuldverschreibungen, die 
von der SFM oder der SCC begeben werden, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
und/oder der Garantin] begründenden Umstände darlegen. 
Falls die Emittentin das 
Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibung 
bei 
geringem 
ausstehenden 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen, 
ist folgendes anwendbar: 
(3) 
Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
bei 
geringem 
ausstehenden 
Gesamtnennbetrag. 
Falls 
die 
Emittentin 
[im 
Falle 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die von der SFM oder der SCC begeben werden, 
ist folgendes anwendbar:, die Garantin oder ein mit ihr im Sinne von §§ 15 ff. 
AktG 
verbundenes 
Unternehmen] 
Schuldverschreibungen 
mit 
einem 
Gesamtnennbetrag in Höhe von 75 % oder mehr des ursprünglich begebenen 
Gesamtnennbetrages der Schuldverschreibungen erworben hat und diese 
entwertet 
wurden, 
kann 
die 
Emittentin 
die 
verbleibenden 
Schuldverschreibungen insgesamt, jedoch nicht teilweise, gegenüber den

--- Page 74 ---
73 
Gläubigern durch Mitteilung unter Einhaltung einer Frist von nicht weniger als 
30 Tagen und nicht mehr als 60 Tagen vorzeitig kündigen.  
 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
werden 
zu 
ihrem 
vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungsbetrag (wie nachstehend definiert) zuzüglich bis zu dem für die 
Rückzahlung festgesetzten Geschäftstag (ausschließlich) aufgelaufener 
Zinsen zurückgezahlt. 
 
 
Falls die Emittentin das 
Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen, 
ist folgendes anwendbar: 
[(4)] Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin. 
(a) Die Emittentin kann die Schuldverschreibungen insgesamt oder 
teilweise 
am 
Zinszahlungstag 
[Zahl] 
Jahr[e] 
nach 
dem 
Verzinsungsbeginn und danach an jedem darauf folgenden 
Zinszahlungstag (jeder ein „Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Call)“) gemäß 
Absatz (b) vorzeitig 
kündigen 
und 
zum 
vorzeitigen 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag nebst etwaigen bis zum jeweiligen Wahl- 
Rückzahlungstag (Call) aufgelaufenen Zinsen zurückzahlen. Der 
vorzeitige 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(„vorzeitiger 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag“) einer Schuldverschreibung entspricht dem 
Rückzahlungsbetrag. 
 
(b) Die Kündigung ist den Gläubigern der Schuldverschreibungen durch 
die Emittentin gemäß § 12 bekanntzugeben. Sie beinhaltet die 
folgenden Angaben: 
 
(i) 
die zurückzuzahlende Serie der Schuldverschreibungen; 
 
(ii) 
eine Erklärung, ob diese Serie ganz oder teilweise 
zurückgezahlt 
wird 
und 
im 
letzteren 
Fall 
den 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
 
(iii) 
den Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Call), der nicht weniger als 30 
Tagen und nicht mehr als 60 Tage nach dem Tag der 
Kündigung durch die Emittentin gegenüber den Gläubigern 
liegen darf. 
 
[Falls die Schuldverschreibungen in Form einer NGN begeben 
werden, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
 
(c) Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen nur teilweise zurückgezahlt 
werden, wird die teilweise Rückzahlung in den Registern der ICSDs 
nach deren Ermessen entweder als Pool-Faktor oder als 
Reduzierung des Gesamtnennbetrags wiedergegeben.] 
 
[Falls die Schuldverschreibungen in Form einer CGN begeben 
werden oder CBF als Clearing System gewählt wurde, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
 
(c) Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen nur teilweise zurückgezahlt 
werden, werden die zurückzuzahlenden Schuldverschreibungen in 
Übereinstimmung 
mit 
den 
Regeln 
des 
Clearing 
Systems 
ausgewählt.] 
 
 
 
[(5)] Vorzeitiger Rückzahlungsbetrag. Für die Zwecke des § 9 und des 
§ 5 Absatz 2 [und 3] entspricht der vorzeitige Rückzahlungsbetrag einer 
Schuldverschreibung 
dem 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(„vorzeitiger 
Rückzahlungsbetrag“).

--- Page 75 ---
74 
 
§ 6 
DIE EMISSIONSSTELLE[,] [UND] DIE ZAHLSTELLE[N] [UND DIE 
BERECHNUNGSSTELLE] 
 
(1) Bestellung; bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle. Die anfänglich bestellte 
Emissionsstelle[,] [und] die Zahlstelle[n] [und die Berechnungsstelle] und ihre 
bezeichneten Geschäftsstellen lauten wie folgt: 
 
Emissionsstelle: 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Deutschland 
 
Zahlstelle: 
[Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Deutschland] 
 
[andere Zahlstelle[n] und deren bezeichnete[n] Geschäftsstelle[n]] 
Falls die Emissionsstelle 
als 
Berechnungsstelle 
bestellt werden soll, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: 
Die Emissionsstelle handelt auch als Berechnungsstelle. 
 
 
Falls 
eine 
Berechnungsstelle bestellt 
werden soll, die nicht die 
Emissionsstelle 
ist, 
ist 
folgendes anwendbar: 
Berechnungsstelle: [Name und bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle] 
 
 
 
Die Emissionsstelle[,] [und] die Zahlstelle[n] [und die Berechnungsstelle] 
behalten sich das Recht vor, jederzeit ihre bezeichneten Geschäftsstellen 
durch eine andere bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle in demselben Land zu 
ersetzen. 
 
(2) Änderung der Bestellung oder Abberufung. Die Emittentin behält sich 
das Recht vor, jederzeit die Bestellung der Emissionsstelle oder einer 
Zahlstelle [oder der Berechnungsstelle] zu ändern oder zu beenden und eine 
andere Emissionsstelle oder zusätzliche oder andere Zahlstellen [oder eine 
andere Berechnungsstelle] zu bestellen. Die Emittentin wird zu jedem 
Zeitpunkt [(i)] eine Emissionsstelle und eine Zahlstelle unterhalten [im Falle 
von Zahlungen in U.S.-Dollar, ist folgendes anwendbar:, und (ii) falls 
Zahlungen bei den oder durch die Geschäftsstellen aller Zahlstellen außerhalb 
der Vereinigten Staaten (wie in § 4 Absatz 3 definiert) aufgrund der Einführung 
von Devisenbeschränkungen oder ähnlichen Beschränkungen hinsichtlich der 
vollständigen Zahlung oder des Empfangs der entsprechenden Beträge in 
U.S.-Dollar widerrechtlich oder tatsächlich ausgeschlossen werden, eine 
Zahlstelle mit bezeichneter Geschäftsstelle in New York City oder einer 
anderen Stadt in den Vereinigten Staaten unterhalten] [falls eine 
Berechnungsstelle bestellt werden soll, ist folgendes anwendbar: und 
[(iii)] eine Berechnungsstelle [falls die Berechnungsstelle eine bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle an einem vorgeschriebenen Ort zu unterhalten hat, ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: 
mit 
bezeichneter 
Geschäftsstelle 
in 
[vorgeschriebener Ort]] unterhalten]. Die Emittentin wird die Gläubiger über 
eine Änderung, Abberufung, Bestellung oder einen sonstigen Wechsel im 
Hinblick auf die Emissionsstelle[,] [und] die Zahlstelle[n] [und die 
Berechnungsstelle] unverzüglich gemäß § 12 informieren. 
 
(3) Beauftragte der Emittentin. Die Emissionsstelle[,] [und] die 
Zahlstelle[n] [und die Berechnungsstelle] handeln ausschließlich als 
Beauftragte der Emittentin und übernehmen keinerlei Verpflichtungen

--- Page 76 ---
75 
gegenüber den Gläubigern und es wird kein Auftrags- oder Treuhandverhältnis 
zwischen ihnen und den Gläubigern begründet. 
 
§ 7 
STEUERN 
 
Sämtliche auf die Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlenden Beträge (seien 
es Kapital oder Zinsen) sind an der Quelle ohne Abzug oder Einbehalt von 
oder aufgrund von gegenwärtig oder zukünftig bestehenden Steuern oder 
sonstigen Abgaben gleich welcher Art zu leisten, die von der Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland [Im Falle der Emission von Schuldverschreibungen durch 
SFM einfügen: oder den Niederlanden] [Im Falle der Emission von 
Schuldverschreibungen durch SCC einfügen: oder den Vereinigten 
Staaten] oder für deren Rechnung oder von oder für Rechnung einer mit dem 
Recht zur Steuererhebung versehenen politischen Untergliederung oder 
Behörde der Vorgenannten auferlegt oder erhoben werden, es sei denn, dieser 
Abzug oder Einbehalt ist gesetzlich vorgeschrieben. In diesem Fall wird die 
Emittentin diejenigen zusätzlichen Beträge („zusätzlichen Beträge“) zahlen, 
die erforderlich sind, damit die den Gläubigern zufließenden Nettobeträge 
nach diesem Abzug oder Einbehalt jeweils den Beträgen an Kapital und Zinsen 
entsprechen, die die Gläubiger ohne einen solchen Abzug oder Einbehalt 
erhalten hätten. Die Verpflichtung zur Zahlung solcher zusätzlicher Beträge in 
Bezug auf Zahlungen auf eine Schuldverschreibung besteht jedoch nicht im 
Hinblick auf Steuern und Abgaben, die: 
 
(a) von einer als Depotbank oder Inkassobeauftragter des Gläubigers 
handelnden Person abgezogen oder einbehalten werden oder sonst 
auf andere Weise zu entrichten sind als dadurch, dass die Emittentin 
aus den von ihr zu leistenden Zahlungen von Kapital oder Zinsen 
einen Abzug oder Einbehalt vornimmt; oder 
 
(b) wegen einer gegenwärtigen oder früheren persönlichen oder 
geschäftlichen Beziehung des Gläubigers zu den Niederlanden, den 
Vereinigten Staaten oder der Bundesrepublik Deutschland zu zahlen 
sind, 
und 
nicht 
allein 
deshalb, 
weil 
Zahlungen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen aus Quellen in den Niederlanden, den 
Vereinigten 
Staaten 
oder 
der 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland 
stammen, (oder für Zwecke der Besteuerung so behandelt werden) 
oder dort besichert sind; oder 
 
(c) aufgrund (i) einer Richtlinie oder Verordnung der Europäischen 
Union betreffend die Besteuerung von Zinserträgen oder (ii) eines 
zwischenstaatlichen Abkommens oder einer zwischenstaatlichen 
Vereinbarung über deren Besteuerung, an der die Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland [Im Falle der Emission von Schuldverschreibungen 
durch SFM einfügen: oder die Niederlande] [Im Falle der 
Emission von Schuldverschreibungen durch SCC einfügen: 
oder die Vereinigten Staaten] oder die Europäischen Union beteiligt 
ist/sind, oder (iii) einer gesetzlichen Vorschrift, die diese Richtlinie, 
Verordnung, Abkommen oder Vereinbarung umsetzt oder befolgt 
oder zur Anpassung an diese eingeführt wurde, abzuziehen oder 
einzubehalten sind; oder 
 
(d) zu zahlen sind, wenn die Schuldverschreibung mehr als 30 Tage 
nach dem Relevanten Datum zur Zahlung vorgelegt wird, es sei 
denn, der betreffende Gläubiger einer solchen Schuldverschreibung 
hätte auch bei Vorlegung am Ende oder vor Ablauf dieses Zeitraums 
von 30 Tagen einen Anspruch auf Erhalt dieser zusätzlichen 
Beträge gehabt; oder

--- Page 77 ---
76 
Im 
Falle 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die von der SCC begeben 
werden, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: 
(e) (i) nicht erhoben worden wären, wenn der Gläubiger oder der 
wirtschaftliche Eigentümer einer solchen Schuldverschreibung den 
Bescheinigungs-, Informations-, Dokumentations- oder anderen 
Berichtspflichten nachgekommen wäre, die sich auf die Nationalität, 
den Wohnsitz, die Identität oder gegenwärtige bzw. frühere 
Beziehungen zu den Vereinigten Staaten beziehen, sofern dies 
aufgrund 
von 
Gesetzen, 
Vorschriften 
oder 
gerichtlichen 
Entscheidungen der Vereinigten Staaten, einer Gebietskörperschaft 
der Vereinigten Staaten oder einer Steuerbehörde der Vereinigten 
Staaten eine Voraussetzung für die Entlastung oder Befreiung von 
solchen Steuern oder sonstigen Abgaben wäre, (ii) auf Zinsen 
erhoben werden, die eine Person erhalten hat, die tatsächlich oder 
unterstellt, gegenwärtig oder in der Zukunft 10 Prozent oder mehr 
der Stimmrechte aller Aktiengattungen der Siemens Corporation, 
New York, NY, USA hält (falls die Siemens Corporation die alleinige 
Gesellschafterin der Emittentin ist) oder, 10 Prozent oder mehr des 
Kapital- oder Gewinnanteils der Emittentin hält, (falls es zwei oder 
mehrere Gesellschafter der Emittentin gibt), (iii) auf Zinsen erhoben 
werden, die eine Person erhalten hat, die im Hinblick auf die 
Vereinigten Staaten eine beherrschte ausländische Gesellschaft ist, 
die zu der Emittentin nahestehend ist, (iv) auf Zinsen erhoben 
werden, die eine Bank im Sinne von Section 881(c)(3)(A) des 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code von 1986, in der jeweils gültigen 
Fassung („Gesetzbuch“), erhalten hat, (v) auf Beträge erhoben 
werden, die dem Einbehalt nach Section 1443 des Gesetzbuches 
(Einbehalt 
im 
Hinblick 
auf 
ausländische 
steuerbefreite 
Organisationen) unterliegen oder (vi) auf bedingte Zinsen im Sinne 
von Section 871 (h) (4) des Code erhoben werden; oder 
 
 
 
[(f)] aufgrund einer Rechtsänderung zu zahlen sind, welche später als 
30 Tage nach Fälligkeit der betreffenden Zahlung von Kapital oder 
Zinsen oder, wenn dies später erfolgt, nach ordnungsgemäßer 
Bereitstellung aller fälligen Beträge und einer diesbezüglichen 
Bekanntmachung gemäß § 12 wirksam wird; oder 
 
[(g)] von einer Zahlstelle abgezogen oder einbehalten werden, wenn eine 
andere Zahlstelle die Zahlung ohne einen solchen Abzug oder 
Einbehalt hätte leisten können. 
 
Im Sinne dieser Emissionsbedingungen bezeichnet das „Relevante 
Datum“ im Hinblick auf jede Zahlung das Datum, zu dem diese Zahlung 
erstmalig fällig und zahlbar wird; falls jedoch die zahlbaren Gelder nicht in 
voller Höhe an oder vor diesem Fälligkeitsdatum bei der Emissionsstelle 
eingegangen sind, bezeichnet es das erste Datum, an dem die Gelder in voller 
Höhe bei der Emissionsstelle eingegangen sind und zur Zahlung an die 
Gläubiger der betreffenden Serien zur Verfügung stehen und eine 
entsprechende Bekanntmachung an die Gläubiger gemäß § 12 erfolgt ist. 
 
Ungeachtet anderer Regelungen in diesen Emissionsbedingungen haftet 
die Emittentin nicht und ist auch nicht anderweitig zur Zahlung von Steuern, 
Abgaben, Quellensteuer oder sonstigen Zahlungen verpflichtet, die sich 
infolge eines Steuereinbehalts oder Abzugs gemäß den Bestimmungen der 
Sections 1471 bis 1474 (bezogen auf den Foreign Account Tax Compliance 
Act, „FATCA“) des U.S. Internal Revenue Codes von 1986, in der jeweils 
gültigen Fassung, ergeben könnten. Dies schließt jede Änderung oder 
Nachfolgeregelung, die (i) aufgrund eines zwischenstaatlichen Abkommens, 
(ii) aufgrund von Durchführungsbestimmungen, welche von einer anderen 
Rechtsordnung im Zusammenhang mit diesen Bestimmungen verabschiedet 
wurden, oder (iii) aufgrund von Vereinbarungen mit dem U.S. Internal 
Revenue Service mit ein, die im Ergebnis dazu führt, dass ein Gläubiger, 
wirtschaftlicher Eigentümer oder ein nicht im Auftrag der Emittentin handelnder 
Intermediär nicht zum Erhalt von Zahlungen ohne Abzug entsprechender 
Quellensteuer berechtigt ist. Die Emittentin ist aufgrund einer solchen durch

--- Page 78 ---
77 
die Emittentin, einer Zahlstelle oder einer anderen Partei abgezogenen oder 
einbehaltenen Quellensteuer nicht zur Zahlung zusätzlicher Beträge oder 
anderweitig zur Entschädigung eines Gläubigers von Schuldverschreibungen 
verpflichtet. 
 
§ 8 
VORLEGUNGSFRIST 
 
Die in § 801 Absatz 1 Satz 1 BGB bestimmte Vorlegungsfrist wird für die 
Schuldverschreibungen auf zehn Jahre verkürzt. 
 
§ 9 
KÜNDIGUNG 
 
(1) 
Kündigungsgründe. 
Jeder 
Gläubiger 
ist 
berechtigt, 
seine 
Schuldverschreibung zu kündigen und deren sofortige Rückzahlung zu ihrem 
vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag (wie in § 5 beschrieben), zuzüglich etwaiger 
bis zum Tage der Rückzahlung (ausschließlich) aufgelaufener und nicht 
bezahlter Zinsen zu verlangen, falls: 
 
(a) Kapital oder Zinsen nicht innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach dem 
betreffenden Fälligkeitstermin gezahlt sind, vorbehaltlich § 4 
Absatz 8; oder 
 
(b) die Emittentin eine andere wesentliche Verpflichtung aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen nicht ordnungsgemäß erfüllt [im Falle von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die von der SFM oder der SCC 
begeben werden, ist folgendes anwendbar: oder die Garantin ihre 
in § 2 Absatz 4 beschriebene Verpflichtung (Negativverpflichtung 
der Garantin) nicht erfüllt] und diese Nichterfüllung länger als 
60 Tage fortdauert, nachdem die Emissionsstelle hierüber eine 
Benachrichtigung von einem Gläubiger erhalten hat; oder 
 
(c) die Emittentin [im Falle von Schuldverschreibungen, die von der 
SFM oder der SCC begeben werden, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
oder die Garantin] erklärt, zur Erfüllung ihrer finanziellen 
Verpflichtungen nicht in der Lage zu sein; oder 
 
(d) ein zuständiges Gericht ein Insolvenzverfahren gegen die Emittentin 
[im Falle von Schuldverschreibungen, die von der SFM oder der 
SCC begeben werden, ist folgendes anwendbar: oder die 
Garantin] 
eröffnet, 
oder 
die 
Emittentin 
[im 
Falle 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die von der SFM oder der SCC 
begeben werden, ist folgendes anwendbar: oder die Garantin] ein 
solches Verfahren einleitet oder beantragt [im Falle von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die von der SFM begeben werden, ist 
folgendes anwendbar:, oder die Emittentin beantragt eine 
„surseance van betaling“ (im Sinne des Niederländischen 
Insolvenzgesetzes, Faillissementswet)]; dieser Absatz gilt nicht für 
ungerechtfertigte und schikanöse Verfahren, die unbegründet sind; 
oder 
 
(e) die Emittentin [im Falle von Schuldverschreibungen, die von der 
SFM oder der SCC begeben werden, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
oder die Garantin] in Liquidation tritt, es sei denn, dies geschieht im 
Zusammenhang mit einer Verschmelzung, Fusion oder einer 
anderen Form des Zusammenschlusses mit einer anderen 
Gesellschaft oder im Zusammenhang mit einer Umstrukturierung 
und 
die 
andere 
oder 
neue 
Gesellschaft 
übernimmt 
alle 
Verpflichtungen, 
die 
die 
Emittentin 
[im 
Falle 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die von der SFM oder der SCC 
begeben werden, ist folgendes anwendbar: oder die Garantin] im

--- Page 79 ---
78 
Zusammenhang mit den Schuldverschreibungen eingegangen ist[.] 
[; oder] 
im 
Falle 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die von der SFM oder der 
SCC begeben werden, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: 
(f) die Garantie ungültig ist. 
 
(2) Das Kündigungsrecht erlischt, falls der Kündigungsgrund vor 
Ausübung des Rechts geheilt wurde oder entfallen ist. 
 
(3) Benachrichtigung. Eine Benachrichtigung gemäß vorstehendem 
Absatz 1 einschließlich einer Kündigung der Schuldverschreibungen ist in 
Textform in deutscher oder englischer Sprache gegenüber der Emissionsstelle 
zu erklären. Der Benachrichtigung ist ein Nachweis beizufügen, aus dem sich 
ergibt, dass der betreffende Gläubiger zum Zeitpunkt der Abgabe der 
Benachrichtigung Inhaber der betreffenden Schuldverschreibung ist. Der 
Nachweis kann durch eine Bescheinigung der Depotbank (wie in § 14 Absatz 3 
definiert) oder auf andere geeignete Weise erbracht werden. 
 
(4) Quorum. Eine Kündigung gemäß § 9 Absatz 1(b) wird, sofern nicht 
bei deren Eingang zugleich mindestens einer der in § 9 Absätze 1(a) und 1(c) 
bis [1(e)][1(f)] bezeichneten Kündigungsgründe vorliegt, erst wirksam, wenn 
bei 
der 
Emissionsstelle 
Kündigungserklärungen 
von 
Gläubigern 
im 
Nennbetrag von mindestens 25 % der zu diesem Zeitpunkt ausstehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen eingegangen sind. 
 
§ 10 
ERSETZUNG DER EMITTENTIN 
 
(1) Ersetzung. Die Emittentin ist jederzeit berechtigt, sofern sie sich nicht 
mit einer Zahlung von Kapital oder Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen in 
Verzug befindet, ohne Zustimmung der Gläubiger [im Falle von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die von der SFM oder der SCC begeben werden, 
ist folgendes anwendbar: die Garantin oder jedes andere mit der Garantin 
im Sinne der §§ 15 ff. AktG verbundene Unternehmen] [im Falle von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die von der Siemens AG begeben werden, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: jedes mit der Emittentin im Sinne der §§ 15 ff. AktG 
verbundene 
Unternehmen] 
an 
ihrer 
Stelle 
als 
Hauptschuldnerin 
(„Nachfolgeschuldnerin“) 
für 
alle 
Verpflichtungen 
aus 
und 
im 
Zusammenhang mit dieser Emission einzusetzen, vorausgesetzt, dass: 
 
(a) die Nachfolgeschuldnerin alle Verpflichtungen der Emittentin in 
Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen übernimmt; 
 
(b) die Nachfolgeschuldnerin alle erforderlichen Genehmigungen 
erhalten hat und berechtigt ist, an die Emissionsstelle die zur 
Erfüllung 
der 
Zahlungsverpflichtungen 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen erforderlichen Beträge in der hierin 
festgelegten Währung zu zahlen, ohne verpflichtet zu sein, jeweils 
in dem Land, in dem die Nachfolgeschuldnerin oder die Emittentin 
ihren Sitz oder Steuersitz haben, erhobene Steuern oder andere 
Abgaben jeder Art abzuziehen oder einzubehalten; 
 
(c) die Nachfolgeschuldnerin sich verpflichtet hat, jeden Gläubiger 
hinsichtlich solcher Quellensteuern, Abgaben oder behördlichen 
Lasten freizustellen, die einem Gläubiger bezüglich der Ersetzung 
auferlegt werden, ausgenommen wie in § 7 beschrieben; 
Im 
Falle 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die von der Siemens AG 
begeben 
werden, 
ist 
folgendes anwendbar: 
(d) die Emittentin unwiderruflich und unbedingt die Zahlung aller von der 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin auf die Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren 
Beträge gegenüber einem Treuhänder garantiert. Diese Garantie 
muss 
den 
Bedingungen 
der 
Garantie 
der 
Emittentin 
für 
Schuldverschreibungen, die die Emittentin für etwaige von der SFM

--- Page 80 ---
79 
oder der SCC unter dem Emissionsprogramm, auf dessen 
Grundlage die Schuldverschreibungen begeben wurden, begebene 
Schuldverschreibungen übernahm, entsprechen; und 
 
 
Im 
Falle 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die von der SFM oder der 
SCC begeben werden, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: 
(d) die Garantin, sofern sie nicht selbst die Nachfolgeschuldnerin ist, 
unwiderruflich 
und 
unbedingt 
die 
Zahlung 
aller 
von 
der 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin auf die Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren 
Beträge zu Bedingungen garantiert, die den Bedingungen der 
Garantie gemäß § 2 Absatz 2 entsprechen; und 
 
 
 
(e) der Emissionsstelle jeweils ein Rechtsgutachten bezüglich der 
betroffenen Rechtsordnungen von anerkannten Rechtsanwälten 
vorgelegt werden, die bestätigen, dass die Bestimmungen in den 
vorstehenden Unterabsätzen (a), (b), (c) und (d) erfüllt wurden. Die 
Auswahl der Rechtsanwälte erfolgt durch die Siemens AG. 
 
(2) 
Bekanntmachung. 
Jede 
Ersetzung 
ist 
gemäß 
§ 12 
bekanntzumachen. 
 
(3) Änderung von Bezugnahmen. Im Falle einer Ersetzung gilt jede 
Bezugnahme in diesen Emissionsbedingungen auf die Emittentin ab dem 
Zeitpunkt der Ersetzung als Bezugnahme auf die Nachfolgeschuldnerin und 
jede Bezugnahme auf das Land, in dem die Emittentin ihren Sitz oder 
Steuersitz hat, gilt ab diesem Zeitpunkt als Bezugnahme auf das Land, in dem 
die Nachfolgeschuldnerin ihren Sitz oder Steuersitz hat.  
 
Außerdem gilt im Falle der Ersetzung folgendes: 
Im 
Falle 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die von der SFM oder der 
SCC begeben werden, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: 
(a) In § 7 und § 5 Absatz 2 gilt eine alternative Bezugnahme auf [im 
Falle von Schuldverschreibungen, die von der SFM begeben 
werden: die Niederlande] [im Falle von Schuldverschreibungen, 
die von der SCC begeben werden: die Vereinigten Staaten] als 
aufgenommen (zusätzlich zu der Bezugnahme nach Maßgabe des 
vorstehenden 
Satzes 
auf 
das 
Land, 
in 
dem 
die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin ihren Sitz oder Steuersitz hat); und 
 
(b) Sofern gemäß § 10 Absatz 1(d) eine Garantie auszustellen ist, gilt 
jede Bezugnahme in diesen Emissionsbedingungen auf die Garantie 
ab dem Zeitpunkt der Ersetzung als Bezugnahme auf diese gemäß 
§ 10 Absatz 1(d) auszustellende Garantie. 
 
 
Im 
Falle 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die von der Siemens AG 
begeben 
werden, 
ist 
folgendes anwendbar: 
(a) in § 7 und § 5 Absatz 2 gilt eine alternative Bezugnahme auf die 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland als aufgenommen (zusätzlich zu der 
Bezugnahme nach Maßgabe des vorstehenden Satzes auf das 
Land, in dem die Nachfolgeschuldnerin ihren Sitz oder Steuersitz 
hat); 
 
(b) in § 9 Absatz 1(b) bis (e) gilt eine alternative Bezugnahme auf die 
Emittentin in ihrer Eigenschaft als Garantin als aufgenommen 
(zusätzlich zu der Bezugnahme auf die Nachfolgeschuldnerin); und 
 
(c) § 9 
gilt 
als 
dergestalt 
ergänzt, 
dass 
ein 
zusätzlicher 
Kündigungsgrund unter dieser Bestimmung die Ungültigkeit der 
nach § 10 Absatz 1(d) auszustellenden Garantie ist.

--- Page 81 ---
80 
 
§ 11 
BEGEBUNG WEITERER SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN, ANKAUF UND  
ENTWERTUNG 
 
(1) Begebung weiterer Schuldverschreibungen. Die Emittentin ist 
jederzeit 
berechtigt, 
ohne 
Zustimmung 
der 
Gläubiger 
weitere 
Schuldverschreibungen mit den gleichen Bedingungen (gegebenenfalls mit 
Ausnahme des Tags der Begebung, des Verzinsungsbeginns und/oder des 
Ausgabepreises) 
in 
der 
Weise 
zu 
begeben, 
dass 
sie 
mit 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen eine einheitliche Serie bilden. 
 
(2) Ankauf. Die Emittentin [im Falle von Schuldverschreibungen, die 
von der SFM oder SCC begeben werden, ist folgendes anwendbar: und 
die Garantin] [ist] [sind] berechtigt, jederzeit die Schuldverschreibungen im 
Markt oder anderweitig zu jedem beliebigen Preis zu kaufen. Die von der 
Emittentin [im Falle von Schuldverschreibungen, die von der SFM oder 
SCC begeben werden, ist folgendes anwendbar: oder der Garantin] 
erworbenen Schuldverschreibungen können nach Wahl der Emittentin [im 
Falle von Schuldverschreibungen, die von der SFM oder SCC begeben 
werden, ist folgendes anwendbar: oder der Garantin] von ihr gehalten, 
weiterverkauft oder bei der Emissionsstelle zwecks Entwertung eingereicht 
werden. 
 
(3) 
Entwertung. 
Sämtliche 
vollständig 
zurückgezahlten 
Schuldverschreibungen werden unverzüglich entwertet und können nicht 
wieder begeben oder wieder verkauft werden. 
 
§ 12 
MITTEILUNGEN 
Im 
Falle 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die am regulierten Markt 
der 
Luxemburger 
Börse 
notiert sind, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
(1) Bekanntmachung. Alle nach diesen Emissionsbedingungen bekannt 
zu machenden Mitteilungen erfolgen durch elektronische Publikation auf der 
Website der Luxemburger Börse (www.luxse.com). Jede derartige Mitteilung 
gilt am dritten Tag nach dem Tag der Veröffentlichung als wirksam erfolgt. [Im 
Falle von Schuldverschreibungen, die von der Siemens AG begeben 
werden, ist folgendes anwendbar: Alle nach diesen Emissionsbedingungen 
bekannt zu machenden Mitteilungen werden (soweit erforderlich) zusätzlich im 
Bundesanzeiger veröffentlicht.] 
 
(2) Mitteilungen an das Clearing System. Soweit die Regeln der 
Luxemburger Börse es zulassen, kann die Emittentin eine Veröffentlichung 
nach § 12 Absatz 1 durch eine Mitteilung an das Clearing System zur 
Weiterleitung an die Gläubiger ersetzen; jede derartige Mitteilung gilt am 
vierten Tag nach dem Tag der Mitteilung an das Clearing System als den 
Gläubigern wirksam mitgeteilt. 
 
 
Im 
Falle 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die an einer anderen Börse 
als der Luxemburger Börse 
notiert sind, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
(1) Bekanntmachung. Alle nach diesen Emissionsbedingungen bekannt 
zu machenden Mitteilungen werden [Ort und Medium der Bekanntmachung 
wie von den Regeln einer Notierungsbehörde / Börse gefordert einfügen] 
und, soweit erforderlich, [Im Falle von Schuldverschreibungen, die von der 
SFM / SCC begeben werden, ist folgendes anwendbar: durch elektronische 
Publikation auf der Website der Luxemburger Börse (www.luxse.com).] [Im 
Falle von Schuldverschreibungen, die von der Siemens AG begeben 
werden, ist folgendes anwendbar: im Bundesanzeiger] veröffentlicht. Jede 
derartige Mitteilung gilt am dritten Tag nach dem Tag der Veröffentlichung als 
wirksam erfolgt. 
 
(2) Mitteilungen an das Clearing System. Soweit rechtlich zulässig und 
sofern die Regeln der Börse, an der die Schuldverschreibungen notiert sind, 
diese Form der Mitteilung zulassen, ist die Emittentin berechtigt, eine 
Veröffentlichung nach § 12 Absatz 1 durch eine Mitteilung an das Clearing 
System zur Weiterleitung an die Gläubiger zu ersetzen. Jede derartige

--- Page 82 ---
81 
Mitteilung gilt am vierten Tag nach dem Tag der Mitteilung an das Clearing 
System als den Gläubigern wirksam mitgeteilt. 
 
 
Im 
Falle 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die nicht notiert sind, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: 
(1) Mitteilungen an das Clearing System. Die Emittentin wird alle nach 
diesen Emissionsbedingungen bekannt zu machenden Mitteilungen an das 
Clearing System zur Weiterleitung an die Gläubiger übermitteln. Jede derartige 
Mitteilung gilt am vierten Tag nach dem Tag der Mitteilung an das Clearing 
System als den Gläubigern wirksam mitgeteilt. 
 
 
 
[(2)][(3)] Form der Mitteilung. Mitteilungen, die von einem Gläubiger 
gemacht werden, müssen in Textform in deutscher oder englischer Sprache 
erfolgen. Der Mitteilung ist ein Nachweis beizufügen, aus dem sich ergibt, dass 
der betreffende Gläubiger zum Zeitpunkt der Abgabe der Benachrichtigung 
Inhaber der betreffenden Schuldverschreibung ist. Der Nachweis kann durch 
eine Bescheinigung der Depotbank (wie in § 14 Absatz 3 definiert) oder auf 
andere geeignete Weise erbracht werden. Solange Zahlungen unter diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen über das Clearing System abgewickelt werden, kann 
eine solche Mitteilung von einem Gläubiger an die Emissionsstelle über das 
Clearing System in der von der Emissionsstelle und dem Clearing System 
dafür vorgesehenen Weise erfolgen. 
 
§ 13 
ÄNDERUNG DER EMISSIONSBEDINGUNGEN, GEMEINSAMER 
VERTRETER [, ÄNDERUNG DER GARANTIE] 
 
(1) Änderung der Emissionsbedingungen. Die Emittentin kann gemäß 
§§ 5 ff. des Gesetzes über Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen 
(Schuldverschreibungsgesetz — „SchVG“) in seiner jeweils gültigen Fassung 
mit 
Zustimmung 
aufgrund 
Mehrheitsbeschlusses 
der 
Gläubiger 
die 
Emissionsbedingungen ändern. Die Gläubiger können mit den in § 13 
Absatz 2 genannten Mehrheiten insbesondere Änderungen zustimmen, 
welche den wesentlichen Inhalt der Emissionsbedingungen verändern, 
einschließlich der in § 5 Absatz 3 SchVG genannten Maßnahmen, aber mit 
Ausnahme der Ersetzung der Emittentin, welche ausschließlich den 
Bestimmungen von § 10 unterliegt. Die Mehrheitsbeschlüsse sind für alle 
Gläubiger verbindlich. 
 
(2) Mehrheitserfordernisse. Vorbehaltlich der Bestimmungen des 
folgenden Satzes und der Erreichung der Beschlussfähigkeit, beschließen die 
Gläubiger mit der einfachen Mehrheit der an der Abstimmung teilnehmenden 
Stimmrechte. 
Beschlüsse, 
welche 
den 
wesentlichen 
Inhalt 
der 
Emissionsbedingungen verändern, insbesondere in den Fällen des § 5 
Absatz 3 Nrn. 1 bis 9 SchVG, bedürfen - vorbehaltlich der Erreichung der 
Beschlussfähigkeit - zu ihrer Wirksamkeit der qualifizierten Mehrheit von 
mindestens 75 % der an der Abstimmung teilnehmenden Stimmrechte (die 
„Qualifizierte Mehrheit“). 
 
(3) Abstimmung ohne Versammlung. Alle Abstimmungen werden 
vorbehaltlich des nächsten Satzes ausschließlich im Wege der Abstimmung 
ohne Versammlung durchgeführt. Eine Gläubigerversammlung und eine 
Übernahme der Kosten für eine solche Versammlung durch die Emittentin 
findet ausschließlich im Falle des § 18 Absatz 4 Satz 2 SchVG statt. Die 
Aufforderung zur Stimmabgabe enthält weitere Ausführungen hinsichtlich der 
zu fassenden Beschlüsse und der Abstimmungsmodalitäten. Der Gegenstand 
der Abstimmung sowie die vorgeschlagenen Beschlüsse werden den 
Gläubigern zusammen mit der Aufforderung zur Stimmabgabe bekannt 
gegeben. 
 
(4) Berechtigung zur Teilnahme. Berechtigt zur Teilnahme an der 
Abstimmung 
ohne 
Versammlung 
oder 
im 
Rahmen 
einer 
Gläubigerversammlung gemäß § 18 Absatz 4 Satz 2 SchVG ist jeder 
Gläubiger nach Maßgabe des Nennwerts oder des rechnerischen Anteils 
seiner Berechtigung an den ausstehenden Schuldverschreibungen. Für den

--- Page 83 ---
82 
Nachweis der Berechtigung zur Teilnahme an der Abstimmung reicht ein auf 
den Tag der Abstimmung datierter in Textform erstellter besonderer Nachweis 
der Depotbank (wie in § 14 Absatz 3 definiert) des jeweiligen Gläubigers aus. 
Kann dieser Nachweis nicht taggenau beigebracht werden, ist zusätzlich die 
Vorlage eines Sperrvermerks der Depotbank des jeweiligen Gläubigers 
erforderlich, aus dem hervorgeht, dass die relevanten Schuldverschreibungen 
für den Zeitraum vom Ausstellungstag bis zum Zeitpunkt der Stimmabgabe 
nicht übertragen werden können. 
 
(5) Gemeinsamer Vertreter. [Im Falle, dass kein Gemeinsamer 
Vertreter in den Emissionsbedingungen der Schuldverschreibungen 
bestimmt ist, ist folgendes anwendbar: Die Gläubiger können durch 
Mehrheitsbeschluss einen gemeinsamen Vertreter (der „Gemeinsame 
Vertreter“) bestellen oder abberufen, die Pflichten, Verantwortlichkeiten und 
Rechte eines solchen Gemeinsamen Vertreters festlegen, die Übertragung der 
Rechte der Gläubiger auf den Gemeinsamen Vertreter sowie die 
Haftungsbegrenzung 
des 
Gemeinsamen 
Vertreters 
bestimmen. 
Die 
Bestellung eines Gemeinsamen Vertreters bedarf einer Qualifizierten 
Mehrheit, wenn der Gemeinsame Vertreter in Übereinstimmung mit § 13 
Absatz 2 autorisiert ist, einer wesentlichen Änderung des Inhalts der 
Emissionsbedingungen zuzustimmen.] 
 
[Im 
Falle, 
dass 
ein 
Gemeinsamer 
Vertreter 
in 
den 
Emissionsbedingungen bestimmt wird, ist folgendes anwendbar: Der 
gemeinsame Vertreter (der „Gemeinsame Vertreter“) ist [Name und 
Anschrift des Gemeinsamen Vertreters sowie die maßgeblichen 
Umstände, sofern der Gemeinsame Vertreter aus den in § 7 Absatz 1 
Satz 2 Nrn. 2-4 SchVG genannten Personengruppen stammt, einfügen]. 
Der Gemeinsame Vertreter hat die Pflichten und Verantwortlichkeiten und 
Rechte, die ihm von Gesetzes wegen zustehen. Die Haftung des 
Gemeinsamen Vertreters ist auf den zehnfachen Betrag seiner jährlichen 
Vergütung begrenzt, es sei denn, der Gemeinsame Vertreter hat vorsätzlich 
oder grob fahrlässig gehandelt. Die Vorschriften des SchVG gelten im Hinblick 
auf die Abberufung des Gemeinsamen Vertreters und die sonstigen Rechte 
und Pflichten des Gemeinsamen Vertreters.] 
 
(6) Bekanntmachungen. Alle Bekanntmachungen diesen § 13 betreffend 
werden in Übereinstimmung mit den §§ 5 ff. SchVG und § 12 dieser 
Emissionsbedingungen getätigt. 
Im 
Falle 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die von SCC oder SFM 
begeben 
werden, 
ist 
folgendes anwendbar: 
(7) Anwendung auf die Garantie. Die oben genannten Bestimmungen für 
die Anwendbarkeit im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen gelten 
entsprechend für die Garantie der Siemens AG. 
 
 
 
§ 14 
ANWENDBARES RECHT, GERICHTSSTAND UND GERICHTLICHE 
GELTENDMACHUNG 
 
(1) Anwendbares Recht. Form und Inhalt der Schuldverschreibungen 
sowie die Rechte und Pflichten der Gläubiger und der Emittentin aus oder im 
Zusammenhang mit den Schuldverschreibungen bestimmen sich unter 
Ausschluss der Kollisionsnormen des deutschen internationalen Privatrechts 
nach deutschem Recht und werden nach diesem ausgelegt. 
 
Soweit gemäß Verordnung (EG) Nr. 864/2007 vom 11. Juli 2007 über 
das auf außervertragliche Schuldverhältnisse anzuwendende Recht („Rom II“) 
zulässig, unterliegen sämtliche nicht-vertraglichen Ansprüche aus oder im 
Zusammenhang mit den Schuldverschreibungen unter Ausschluss der 
Kollisionsnormen des deutschen internationalen Privatrechts dem deutschen 
Recht und werden nach diesem ausgelegt.

--- Page 84 ---
83 
 
(2) Gerichtsstand. Die Emittentin erklärt sich unwiderruflich zu Gunsten 
der Gläubiger damit einverstanden, dass die zuständigen Gerichte in München 
für die gerichtliche Entscheidung über alle Klagen, Prozesse und Verfahren 
und die Beilegung aller Streitigkeiten, die aus oder im Zusammenhang mit den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
entstehen 
können 
(„Verfahren“ 
und 
„Rechtsstreitigkeiten“) ausschließlich zuständig sind, und unterwirft sich zu 
diesem Zweck unwiderruflich der Gerichtsbarkeit dieser Gerichte. Die 
Emittentin verzichtet unwiderruflich auf jede Einrede, die sie jetzt oder später 
dagegen geltend machen könnte, dass die zuständigen Gerichte von München 
als Gerichtsstand für die Anhörung und Entscheidung von Verfahren und die 
Beilegung von Rechtsstreitigkeiten benannt sind und erklärt sich damit 
einverstanden, keinen Einwand der Unzuständigkeit gegen eines dieser 
Gerichte zu erheben. 
 
(3) Gerichtliche Geltendmachung. Jeder Gläubiger ist berechtigt, in 
einem Rechtsstreit gegen die Emittentin oder in einem Rechtsstreit, in dem der 
Gläubiger und die Emittentin Parteien sind, seine Rechte aus diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen im eigenen Namen auf der folgenden Grundlage 
wahrzunehmen oder geltend zu machen: (i) er bringt eine Bescheinigung der 
Depotbank bei, bei der er für die Schuldverschreibungen ein Wertpapierdepot 
unterhält, welche (a) den vollständigen Namen und die vollständige Adresse 
des 
Gläubigers 
enthält, 
(b) den 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen bezeichnet, die unter dem Datum der Bestätigung auf 
dem Wertpapierdepot verbucht sind und (c) bestätigt, dass die Depotbank 
gegenüber dem Clearing System eine schriftliche Erklärung abgegeben hat, 
die die vorstehend unter (a) und (b) bezeichneten Informationen enthält; und 
(ii) er legt eine Kopie der die betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen 
verbriefenden Globalurkunde vor, deren Übereinstimmung mit dem Original 
eine vertretungsberechtigte Person des Clearing Systems oder des 
Verwahrers des Clearing Systems bestätigt hat, ohne dass eine Vorlage der 
Originalbelege 
oder 
der 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
verbriefenden 
Globalurkunde in einem solchen Verfahren erforderlich wäre. Für die Zwecke 
des Vorstehenden bezeichnet „Depotbank“ jede Bank oder ein sonstiges 
anerkanntes 
Finanzinstitut, 
das 
berechtigt 
ist, 
das 
Wertpapierverwahrungsgeschäft zu betreiben und bei der/dem der Gläubiger 
ein Wertpapierdepot für die Schuldverschreibungen unterhält, einschließlich 
des Clearing Systems. 
 
§ 15 
SPRACHE 
 
Diese Emissionsbedingungen sind in deutscher Sprache abgefasst. Der 
deutsche Text ist bindend und maßgeblich. Die beigefügte Übersetzung in die 
englische Sprache ist unverbindlich.

--- Page 85 ---
84 
 
2. 
Terms and Conditions of the Instruments (English Translation) 
 
The terms and conditions of the Instruments (“Terms and Conditions”) 
are set out in two options below: 
 
Option I comprises the set of Terms and Conditions that apply to 
Tranches of Instruments with fixed interest rates. 
 
Option II comprises the set of Terms and Conditions that apply to 
Tranches of Instruments with floating interest rates. 
 
The set of Terms and Conditions for each of these Options contains 
certain further options, which are characterized accordingly by indicating the 
respective optional provision through instructions and explanatory notes set 
out either on the left of or in square brackets within the set of Terms and 
Conditions. 
 
In the Final Terms the Issuer will determine, if Option I or Option II 
(including certain further options contained therein, respectively,) shall apply 
with respect to an individual issue of Instruments, either by replicating the 
relevant provisions or by referring to the relevant options. 
 
To the extent that upon the approval of this Prospectus neither the Issuer 
nor the Guarantor had knowledge of certain items which are applicable to an 
individual issue of Instruments, this Prospectus contains placeholders set out 
in square brackets which include the relevant items that will be completed by 
the Final Terms. 
In the case the Final Terms 
applicable to an individual 
issue only refer to the 
further options contained 
in the set of Terms and 
Conditions for Option I or 
Option II, 
the 
following 
applies: 
The provisions of the Terms and Conditions apply to the Instruments 
(as defined below) as completed by the terms of the final terms 
(“Final Terms”). The blanks in the provisions of these Terms and Conditions 
which are applicable to the Instruments shall be deemed to be completed by 
the information contained in the Final Terms as if such information were 
inserted in the blanks of such provisions; alternative or optional provisions of 
these Terms and Conditions as to which the corresponding provisions of the 
Final Terms are not completed or are deleted shall be deemed to be deleted 
from these Terms and Conditions. All provisions of these Terms and 
Conditions which are not applicable to the Instruments (including instructions, 
explanatory notes and text set out in square brackets) shall be deemed to be 
deleted from these Terms and Conditions, as required to give effect to the 
terms of the Final Terms.

--- Page 86 ---
85 
 
2.1 OPTION I: Terms and Conditions that apply to Instruments with fixed 
interest rates 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE INSTRUMENTS 
(ENGLISH TRANSLATION) 
 
Condition 1. 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM, DEFINITIONS 
 
(1) Currency; Denomination. This Series of Instruments (“Instruments”) 
issued by [Siemens Aktiengesellschaft] [Siemens Financieringsmaatschappij 
N.V.] [Siemens Capital Company LLC] (“Issuer”) is issued in [Specified 
Currency] (“Specified Currency”) in the aggregate principal amount [if the 
Global Instrument is a new global note, the following applies:, subject to 
condition 1(6),] of [insert aggregate principal amount in numbers] 
(in words: 
[aggregate 
principal 
amount 
in 
words]) 
in 
specified 
denominations of [Specified Denomination] (“Specified Denomination”). 
 
(2) Form. The Instruments are issued in bearer form. They shall be 
represented by [where Instruments are initially represented by a 
Temporary Global Instrument, the following applies: a Temporary Global 
Instrument (as defined below) and after exchange by a Permanent Global 
Instrument (as defined below)] [where Instruments are represented by a 
Permanent Global Instrument, the following applies: a Permanent Global 
Instrument (as defined below)] ([each a] “Global Instrument”). 
Where 
Instruments 
are 
represented 
by 
a 
Permanent 
Global 
Instrument and not issued 
by 
SCC, 
the 
following 
applies: 
(3) Permanent Global Instrument. The Instruments are represented by a 
permanent global instrument (“Permanent Global Instrument”) without 
coupons. The Permanent Global Instrument shall be signed by two duly 
authorized signatories of the Issuer and shall be authenticated by or on behalf 
of the Fiscal Agent. Definitive Instruments and interest coupons will not be 
issued. 
 
 
Where 
Instruments 
are 
initially represented by a 
Temporary 
Global 
Instrument and not issued 
by 
SCC, 
the 
following 
applies: 
(3) Temporary Global Instrument — Exchange. 
(a) The Instruments are initially represented by a temporary global 
instrument (“Temporary Global Instrument”) without coupons. The 
interests in the Temporary Global Instrument will be exchanged for 
interests in a permanent global instrument (“Permanent Global 
Instrument”) without coupons representing Instruments in the 
relevant Specified Denomination. The Temporary Global Instrument 
and the Permanent Global Instrument shall each be signed by two 
authorized signatories of the Issuer and shall each be authenticated 
by or on behalf of the Fiscal Agent. Definitive Instruments and 
interest coupons will not be issued. 
 
(b) Interests in the Temporary Global Instrument shall be exchanged for 
interests in the Permanent Global Instrument on or after the day that 
is 40 days after the date of issue of the Temporary Global 
Instrument. Such exchange shall only be made upon and to the 
extent of delivery of certifications to the effect that the beneficial 
owners of the Instruments represented by the Temporary Global 
Instrument are not U.S. persons (other than certain financial 
institutions or certain persons holding Instruments through such 
financial institutions). The certification should be given substantially 
in accordance with the form provided for in the Temporary Global 
Instrument or in such other form as the Clearing System (as defined 
below) typically uses in such circumstances. Payment of interest on 
Instruments represented by a Temporary Global Instrument will only 
be made after delivery of such certification. A separate certification 
shall be required in respect of each payment of interest. Any 
certification received on or after the 40th day after the date of issue 
of the Temporary Global Instrument will be treated as a request to 
exchange such Temporary Global Instrument pursuant to this

--- Page 87 ---
86 
condition 1(3)(b). Any securities delivered in exchange for the 
Temporary Global Instrument shall be delivered only outside of the 
United States (as defined in condition 4(3)). 
 
 
Where 
Instruments 
are 
issued 
by 
SCC, 
the 
following applies: 
(3) Permanent Global Instrument. The Instruments are represented by a 
permanent global note (“Permanent Global Instrument”) without coupons 
that will be treated as Instruments in registered form for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes. The Permanent Global Instrument shall be signed manually by 
two authorized signatories of the Issuer and shall be authenticated by or on 
behalf of the Fiscal Agent. Definitive Instruments and interest coupons will not 
be issued. 
 
Partial ownership in the Permanent Global Instrument will be shown on, 
and transfer of ownership will be effected only through, bookings and entries 
in the records maintained by the Clearing System. Except in limited 
circumstances, the Clearing System will not be able to transfer a Permanent 
Global Instrument, other than to transfer such Permanent Global Instrument to 
a successor depository, and ownership interests in each Permanent Global 
Instrument may not be exchanged for a definitive Instrument. The Clearing 
System must be CBF (as defined below) unless another Clearing System 
entered into a book-entry registration agreement or otherwise addressed the 
“immobilization” of the Instruments under U.S. tax law. 
 
Payment of interest on these Instruments will be made only after delivery 
to the withholding agent of the non-U.S. beneficial ownership statement 
described in U.S. Treasury Regulation Section 1.871-14(c)(2) (generally an 
appropriate IRS Form W-8). 
 
 
 
(4) Clearing System. Each Global Instrument representing the 
Instruments, will be kept in custody by or by a custodian on behalf of a Clearing 
System until all obligations of the Issuer under the Instruments have been 
satisfied. “Clearing System” means [if more than one Clearing System, the 
following applies: each of]: [Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main 
(“CBF”)] [Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg, (“CBL”)] [Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV, Brussels (“Euroclear”)] [Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg, 
(“CBL”) and Euroclear Bank SA/NV, Brussels (“Euroclear”) each an 
international central securities depositary (each an “ICSD” and together, 
the “ICSDs”)] as well as any successor in such capacity. 
 
 
Where 
the 
Global 
Instrument is a new global 
note, the following applies: 
The Instruments are issued in new global note (“NGN”) form and are kept 
in custody by a common safekeeper on behalf of both ICSDs. 
 
 
Where 
the 
Global 
Instrument is a classical 
global note, the following 
applies: 
The Instruments are issued in classical global note (“CGN”) form and are 
kept in custody by a common depositary on behalf of both ICSDs. 
 
 
 
(5) Holder of Instruments. “Holder” means any holder of a proportionate 
co-ownership interest or other similar right in the Instruments. 
 
 
Where 
the 
Permanent 
Global Instrument is a new 
global note, the following 
applies: 
(6) Records of the ICSDs. The aggregate principal amount of Instruments 
represented by the Global Instrument shall be the aggregate amount from time 
to time entered in the records of both ICSDs. Each ICSD shall keep a record 
for each of its customers reflecting the amount of such customer’s interest in 
the Instruments. Together, these records shall be conclusive evidence of the 
aggregate principal amount of Instruments represented by the Global 
Instrument. A statement issued by an ICSD stating the principal amounts of 
Instruments so represented at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the 
contents of the records of the relevant ICSD at that time.

--- Page 88 ---
87 
 
On any repayment, in whole or in part, or payment of interest, being made 
in respect of, or purchase and cancellation of, any of the Instruments 
represented by the Global Instrument, the Issuer shall procure that details of 
any repayment, payment or, as the case may be, purchase and cancellation in 
respect of the Global Instrument shall be entered pro rata in the records of the 
ICSDs and, upon any such entry being made, the aggregate principal amount 
of the Instruments recorded in the records of the ICSDs and represented by 
the Global Instrument shall be reduced by the principal amounts of the 
Instruments so redeemed or purchased and cancelled. 
 
 
Where 
the 
Temporary 
Global Instrument is a new 
global note, the following 
applies: 
On an exchange of only a portion of the Instruments represented by a 
Temporary Global Instrument, the Issuer shall procure that details of such 
exchange shall be entered pro rata in the records of the ICSDs. 
 
 
In the case of Instruments 
for which a book-entry 
register will be maintained, 
the following applies: 
[(6)] Book-Entry Register. The Issuer and CBF have agreed that CBF will 
act as the Issuer’s book-entry registrar in respect of the Instruments. In such 
capacity and without prejudice to the issuance of the Instruments in bearer 
form and their status as Instruments in bearer form under German law, CBF 
has agreed, as agent of the Issuer, to maintain records of the Instruments 
credited to the accounts of the account holders of CBF. 
 
 
 
Condition 2. 
STATUS, NEGATIVE PLEDGE [where Instruments are issued by SFM or 
SCC, the following applies:, GUARANTEE] 
 
(1) Status. The Instruments constitute unsubordinated and [where 
Instruments are issued by SFM or SCC, the following applies: (subject to 
the provisions of condition 2(2) below)] unsecured obligations of the Issuer 
ranking pari passu (gleichrangig) in any voluntary winding up (freiwillige 
Abwicklung) or formal, statutory and involuntary bankruptcy proceeding 
(förmliches, gesetzlich geregeltes und unfreiwilliges Insolvenzverfahren) 
according to statutory law in the jurisdiction of the place of incorporation of the 
Issuer without any preference among themselves (untereinander im gleichen 
Rang) and with all other unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the 
Issuer except for any obligations preferred by law. 
Where Instruments are to 
be issued by SFM or SCC, 
the following applies: 
(2) Guarantee, Trust Structure. Siemens Aktiengesellschaft, Berlin and 
Munich, Federal Republic of Germany (“Guarantor”), has given an 
unconditional and irrevocable guarantee dated December 9, 2024 
(“Guarantee”) for the Issuer’s payment obligations under the Instruments. The 
Guarantee constitutes an unsubordinated and, in accordance with the 
provisions of the negative pledge referred to in condition 2(4) below, an 
unsecured obligation of the Guarantor to the Trustee (as defined below) 
ranking pari passu (gleichrangig) in any voluntary winding up (freiwillige 
Abwicklung) or formal, statutory and involuntary bankruptcy proceeding 
(förmliches, gesetzlich geregeltes und unfreiwilliges Insolvenzverfahren) 
according to statutory law in the jurisdiction of the place of incorporation of the 
Guarantor with all other unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the 
Guarantor except for any obligations preferred by law. 
 
(a) All present and future claims and rights arising out of or in connection 
with the Guarantee with regard to Instruments held by the respective 
Holder (together, “Rights”) will be held and exercised exclusively by 
Luther Rechtsanwaltsgesellschaft mbH (“Trustee”) as trustee for the 
Holders pursuant to an agreement dated December 9, 2024 between 
the Trustee, the Issuer and the Guarantor (“Trust Agreement”). 
Under the Trust Agreement, each Holder is entitled to require from 
the Trustee performance of the Trustee’s obligations pursuant to the 
Trust Agreement and to enforce such obligations against the 
Trustee. For this purpose only the Trust Agreement constitutes a 
contract in favor of the Holders as third party beneficiaries pursuant

--- Page 89 ---
88 
to Section 328(1) of the German Civil Code (Bürgerliches 
Gesetzbuch). 
 
(b) The Trustee will exclusively be entitled and upon written request by 
the respective Holder obliged to immediately enforce the Rights and 
to arrange for the immediate distribution of any proceeds from 
enforcing the Rights. 
 
(c) The Trustee, when exercising the Rights, is entitled to receive 
reimbursement of any reasonable expenses thereby incurred, from 
the respective Holder, including its own reasonable expenses and 
costs of commissioning third parties. Should it prove necessary, the 
Trustee may demand a corresponding advance payment in the 
respective currency from the respective Holder. 
 
(d) Pursuant to the Trust Agreement, the Trustee will be liable for 
making, failing to make or accepting statements as well as for taking 
or failing to take actions in connection with the Guarantee only to the 
extent that it fails to exercise its fiduciary duties of care, and in any 
case in which it fails to exercise the level of due care expected of a 
reasonable businessman (Sorgfaltspflichten eines ordentlichen 
Kaufmanns). The liability of the Trustee for damages resulting from 
negligence (einfache Fahrlässigkeit) – except for damages resulting 
from injury to life, body or health – is limited to an aggregate amount 
of €10,000,000 (Euro ten million). The Trustee may commission third 
parties to perform specific functions incumbent upon it but shall 
remain liable for the fulfilment of its obligations arising out of the 
Trust Agreement. 
 
(e) Should any event occur which, in the reasonable judgement of the 
Trustee, results in it being unable to perform its duties under the 
Trust Agreement, it will, with the prior written consent of the 
Guarantor (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld), appoint 
another Appropriate Enterprise of Recognized Standing as its 
successor (“Appointment”). An “Appropriate Enterprise of 
Recognized Standing” means an enterprise, organized under the 
laws of, and subject to supervision by regulatory authorities, if any, 
in the Federal Republic of Germany or Switzerland and (i) authorized 
to exercise corporate trust powers, (ii) with shareholders’ equity not 
less than that of the Trustee, and (iii) not directly or indirectly 
controlled by, or under common control with, the Guarantor. Should 
the Trustee be unable or fail to make an Appointment, the Guarantor 
will do so. The Guarantor is entitled to replace the Trustee by another 
Appropriate Enterprise of Recognized Standing as the Trustee’s 
successor, for good reason. The Trustee is entitled to terminate the 
Trust Agreement for good reason. The Trustee may not resign from 
its Appointment under the Trust Agreement unless and until a 
successor is appointed. Any such Appointment will be promptly 
notified in accordance with condition 12. 
 
(f) 
The Trust Agreement may be amended or supplemented without the 
consent of the Holders so long as such amendment or supplement 
does not materially prejudice their interests. 
 
(g) A copy of the Trust Agreement is available to the Holders and 
persons who strongly and recognisably express a credible interest 
in investing in the Instruments, upon request free of charge from the 
Paying Agent. Furthermore, a copy of the Trust Agreement is 
available for inspection by the aforementioned persons during 
normal business hours at the specified office of the Paying Agent.

--- Page 90 ---
89 
 
(h) Pursuant to the Trust Agreement, the Guarantor will pay the Trustee 
a remuneration in connection with the exercise of the Trustee’s 
obligations stipulated therein, which remuneration will be agreed 
separately between the Trustee and the Guarantor. 
 
(3) Negative Pledge of the Issuer. So long as the Instruments remain 
outstanding, but only up to the time at which all amounts of principal and 
interest in respect of the instruments have been placed at the disposal of the 
Fiscal Agent, the Issuer undertakes not to create or permit to subsist any 
mortgage, land charge, lien or other security right in rem (dingliches 
Sicherungsrecht) over any part or all of its present or future domestic assets, 
as security for any other Capital Market Issue (as defined below) without at the 
same time, or prior thereto, securing the Instruments equally and ratably 
therewith. 
 
This undertaking shall not apply in relation to security rights which are 
required by law or by an authority or those provided by the Issuer over any 
claims of the Issuer against any of its associated enterprises within the 
meaning of Sections 15 et seq. of the German Stock Corporation Act 
(Aktiengesetz) or any third party, which claims exist now or arise at any time in 
the future, as a result of the passing on of the proceeds from the sale by the 
Issuer of any securities. This undertaking shall also not apply with respect to 
security rights provided in connection with any issuance of asset backed 
securities by the Issuer. The same applies, with respect to security provided in 
respect of any issuance of asset backed securities made by a special purpose 
vehicle where the Issuer is the originator of the underlying assets. 
 
“Capital Market Issue” means each obligation of the Issuer with an 
original maturity of more than one year which is represented by debt securities 
which are, or are capable of being, listed or traded on a stock exchange or 
other recognized securities market (including without limitation, any over-the-
counter market). 
 
(4) Negative Pledge of the Guarantor. Pursuant to the Guarantee, the 
Guarantor has undertaken, for so long as the Instruments remain outstanding, 
but only up to the time at which all amounts of principal and interest in respect 
of the Instruments have been placed at the disposal of the Fiscal Agent, not to 
grant any land charge or any other security right in rem (dingliches 
Sicherungsrecht) over its real estate located in the Federal Republic of 
Germany, as security for any International Bond Issue (as defined below), 
without at the same time, or prior thereto, securing the Guarantee equally and 
ratably therewith. 
 
“International Bond Issue” means any obligation of the Guarantor with 
an original maturity of more than one year, which is denominated or repayable 
in a currency or accounting unit other than the Euro, or any obligation of any 
of the Guarantor’s associated enterprises within the meaning of Sections 15 et 
seq. of the German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz) which is not resident 
(ansässig) in the Federal Republic of Germany with an original maturity of more 
than one year, and each represented by debt securities which are, or are 
capable of being, listed or traded on a stock exchange or other recognized 
securities market (including without limitation, any over-the-counter market). 
 
 
Where 
Instruments 
are 
issued by Siemens AG, the 
following applies: 
(2) Negative Pledge of the Issuer. For so long as any of the Instruments 
remain outstanding, but only up to the time at which all amounts of principal 
and interest in respect of the Instruments have been placed at the disposal of 
the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer undertakes not to grant any land charge or any 
other security right in rem (dingliches Sicherungsrecht) over its real estate 
located in the Federal Republic of Germany, as security for any International 
Bond Issue (as defined below), without at the same time, or prior thereto, 
securing the Instruments equally and ratably therewith.

--- Page 91 ---
90 
 
“International Bond Issue” means any obligation of the Issuer with an 
original maturity of more than one year, which is denominated or repayable in 
a currency or accounting unit other than the Euro, or any obligation of any of 
the Issuer’s associated enterprises within the meaning of Sections 15 et seq. 
of the German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz) which is not resident 
(ansässig) in the Federal Republic of Germany with an original maturity of more 
than one year, and each represented by debt securities which are, or are 
capable of being, listed or traded on a stock exchange or other recognized 
securities market (including without limitation, any over-the-counter market). 
 
 
 
Condition 3. 
INTEREST 
 
(1) Rate of Interest and Interest Payment Dates. The Instruments shall 
bear interest on their principal amount at the rate of [Rate of Interest] per cent 
per annum from (and including) [Interest Commencement Date] (“Interest 
Commencement Date”) to (but excluding) the Maturity Date (as defined in 
condition 5(1)). Interest shall be payable in arrears on [Fixed Interest Date or 
Dates] in each year (each such date, an “Interest Payment Date”). The first 
payment of interest shall be made on [First Interest Payment Date] [if First 
Interest Payment Date is not first anniversary of Interest Commencement 
Date the following applies: and will amount to [initial Broken Amount for 
Specified Denomination] per Specified Denomination]. [If the Maturity Date 
is not a Fixed Interest Date the following applies: Interest in respect of the 
period from (and including) [Fixed Interest Date preceding the Maturity 
Date] to (but excluding) the Maturity Date (as defined in condition 5(1)) will 
amount to [final Broken Amount for Specified Denomination] per Specified 
Denomination.] The Instruments shall cease to bear interest as from the expiry 
of the date immediately preceding the Maturity Date. 
 
(2) Accrual of Interest. If the Issuer fails to redeem the Instruments when 
due, interest shall continue to accrue on the outstanding principal amount of 
the Instruments from (and including) the due date until (but excluding) the date 
of actual payment to the Clearing System at the rate of interest set out in 
condition 3(1) above plus one percentage point. 
 
(3) Calculation of Interest for Partial Periods. If interest is required to be 
calculated for a period of less than a full year, such interest shall be calculated 
on the basis of the Day Count Fraction (as defined below). 
 
(4) Day Count Fraction. “Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the 
calculation of an amount of interest on any Instrument for any period of time 
(“Calculation Period”) 
In the case of Actual/Actual 
(ICMA Rule 251) with one 
interest period within an 
interest year (excluding the 
case of first or last short or 
long 
coupons) 
the 
following applies: 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the actual 
number of days in the respective interest period. 
 
 
In the case of Actual/Actual 
(ICMA Rule 251) with one 
interest period within an 
interest year (including the 
case of first or last short 
coupons) 
the 
following 
applies: 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the number 
of days in the Reference Period in which the Calculation Period falls.

--- Page 92 ---
91 
In the case of Actual/Actual 
(ICMA Rule 251) with two or 
more 
constant 
interest 
periods within an interest 
year (including in the case 
of 
first 
or 
last 
short 
coupons) 
the 
following 
applies: 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product 
of (1) the number of days in the Reference Period in which the Calculation 
Period falls and (2) the number of Reference Periods that occur in one calendar 
year or that would occur in one calendar year if interest were payable in respect 
of the whole of such year. 
 
 
In the case of Actual/Actual 
(ICMA 
Rule 
251) 
is 
applicable 
and 
if 
the 
Calculation 
Period 
is 
longer than one Reference 
Period (long coupon) the 
following applies: 
the sum of: 
(A) the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Reference 
Period in which the Calculation Period begins divided by [In the case of 
Reference Periods of less than one year the following applies: the product 
of (1)] the number of days in such Reference Period [In the case of Reference 
Periods of less than one year the following applies: and (2) the number of 
Interest Payment Dates that occur in one calendar year or that would occur in 
one calendar year if interest were payable in respect of the whole of such year]; 
and 
 
(B) the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Reference Period divided by [In the case of Reference Periods of less than 
one year the following applies: the product of (1)] the number of days in such 
Reference Period [In the case of Reference Periods of less than one year 
the following applies: and (2) the number of Interest Payment Dates that 
occur in one calendar year or that would occur in one calendar year if interest 
were payable in respect of the whole of such year]. 
 
 
The following applies for all 
options of Actual/ Actual 
(ICMA Rule 251) except for 
option Actual/Actual (ICMA 
Rule 251) with one interest 
period within an interest 
year (excluding the case of 
first or last short or long 
coupons): 
“Reference Period” means the period from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date to, but excluding, the first Interest Payment Date or from 
(and including) each Interest Payment Date to (but excluding) the next Interest 
Payment Date. [In the case of a short first or last Calculation Period: For 
the purposes of determining the relevant Reference Period only, [deemed 
Interest Payment Date] shall be deemed to be an Interest Payment Date.] [In 
the case of a long first or last Calculation Period the following applies: 
For the purposes of determining the relevant Reference Period only, [deemed 
Interest Payment Date(s)] shall [each] be deemed to be an Interest Payment 
Date]. 
 
 
If using Actual/365 (Fixed), 
the following applies: 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365. 
 
 
If using Actual/360, the 
following applies: 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360. 
 
 
If using 30/360, 360/360 or 
Bond-Basis, the following 
applies: 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, the number 
of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day 
months. Except this does not apply where (a) the last day of the Calculation 
Period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the Calculation Period is 
a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month. In such case, the month that 
includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day 
month. Furthermore, this does not apply where (b) the last day of the 
Calculation Period is the last day of the month of February. In such case, the 
month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month. 
 
 
If 
using 
30E/360 
or 
Eurobond-Basis, 
the 
following applies: 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360. The number 
of days is to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-
day months, without regard to the date of the first day or last day of the 
Calculation Period. Except this does not apply, where, in the case of the final 
Calculation Period, the Maturity Date is the last day of the month of February. 
In such case, the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened 
to a 30-day month.

--- Page 93 ---
92 
 
Condition 4. 
PAYMENTS 
 
(1) (a) Payment of Principal. Payment of principal on the Instruments 
shall be made, subject to condition 4(2) below, to the Clearing System or (if 
applicable) to its order for credit to the accounts of the relevant account holders 
of the Clearing System. 
 
(b) Payment of Interest. Payment of interest on Instruments shall be 
made, subject to condition 4(2) below, to the Clearing System or (if applicable) 
to its order for credit to the relevant account holders of the Clearing System. 
 
[In the case of a Temporary Global Instrument, the following applies: 
 
Payment of interest on Instruments represented by a Temporary Global 
Instrument shall be made, subject to condition 4(2) below, to the Clearing 
System or (if applicable) to its order for credit to the relevant account holders 
of the Clearing System. Payment of interest will only be made on the 
Instruments upon due certification as provided in condition 1(3)(b).] 
 
(2) Manner of Payment. Subject to applicable fiscal and other laws and 
regulations, payments of amounts due in respect of the Instruments shall be 
made in the Specified Currency. 
 
(3) United States of America. For the purposes of these Terms and 
Conditions, “United States” means the United States of America (including the 
States thereof and the District of Columbia) and its territories (including Puerto 
Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island and 
Northern Mariana Islands). 
 
(4) Discharge. The Issuer [where Instruments are issued by SFM or 
SCC, the following applies: or, as the case may be, the Guarantor] shall be 
discharged from its duty of payment by making payment to, or to the order of, 
the Clearing System. 
 
(5) Payment Business Day. If the due date for payment of any amount in 
respect of any Instrument is not a Payment Business Day (as defined below), 
then the Holder shall not be entitled to payment until the next such Payment 
Business Day in the relevant place of business. In that case the Holders have 
no right to further interest or other payments as a result of such delay. 
 
“Payment Business Day” means any day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which the Clearing System and [where the Specified Currency 
is Euro, the following applies: all relevant parts of the real time gross 
settlement system operated by the Eurosystem (“T2”), or any successor 
system are operational to settle the relevant payments.] [where the Specified 
Currency is not Euro, the following applies: on which commercial banks 
and foreign exchange markets are open for business in [relevant financial 
center(s)] and settle payments in the Specified Currency.] 
 
(6) References to Principal and Interest. Reference in these Terms and 
Conditions to principal in respect of the Instruments shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable, the following amounts: the Redemption Amount of the 
Instruments; the Early Redemption Amount of the Instruments[;] [if early 
redemption possible at the option of Issuer, the following applies: the 
Early Redemption Amount (Make-Whole) of the Instruments[;]] [if early 
redemption possible at the option of the Issuer, the following applies: the 
Optional Early Redemption Amount (Call) of the Instruments[;]] [if early 
redemption possible at the option of the Holder the following applies: the 
Optional Early Redemption Amount (Put) of the Instruments] and any premium 
and any other amounts which may be payable under or in respect of the 
Instruments. Reference in these Terms and Conditions to interest in respect of

--- Page 94 ---
93 
the Instruments shall be deemed to include, as applicable, any Additional 
Amounts which may be payable under condition 7. 
 
(7) Deposits of Principal and Interest. The Issuer may deposit with the 
local court (Amtsgericht) in Munich, Federal Republic of Germany, principal or 
interest not claimed by Holders within twelve months after the due date, even 
though such Holders may not be in default of acceptance of payment. To the 
extent that such a deposit is made and the right of withdrawal is waived, the 
respective claims of such Holders against the Issuer shall cease. 
 
(8) No Default. To the extent legally permissible, the Issuer shall not be 
in default with its payment obligation under the Instruments to the extent 
payment to, or to the order of, the Clearing System is not effected due to a law 
or regulation provided that the Issuer cannot effect payment to, or to the order 
of, the Clearing System by reasonable means. For the avoidance of doubt, in 
no event shall the Issuer be obligated to pay directly to any Holder. 
 
Condition 5. 
REDEMPTION 
 
(1) Redemption at Final Maturity. Unless previously redeemed in whole 
or in part or purchased and cancelled, the Instruments shall be redeemed at 
their Redemption Amount on [Maturity Date] (“Maturity Date”). 
 
The “Redemption Amount” in respect of each Instrument shall be the 
Specified Denomination of the Instrument. 
 
(2) Early Redemption for Taxation Reasons. Should the Issuer [where 
Instruments are issued by SFM or SCC, the following applies: and/or the 
Guarantor], as a result of any Tax Law Change (as defined below) be, or 
become, required to pay Additional Amounts (as defined in condition 7) on the 
occasion of the next payment due under the Instruments, the Instruments may 
be terminated early, in whole but not in part, at the option of the Issuer [where 
Instruments are issued by SFM or SCC, the following applies: and/or the 
Guarantor], on giving no less than 30 days, and no more than 60 days’ notice 
to the Holders. 
 
The Instruments shall be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount 
(as defined below), together with interest (if any) accrued to (but excluding) the 
Business Day fixed for redemption. 
 
No such right exists where the payment of Additional Amounts can be 
avoided by use of reasonable measures available to the Issuer [where 
Instruments are issued by SFM or SCC, the following applies: and/or the 
Guarantor.] 
 
A “Tax Law Change” is 
 
(i) 
any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations regarding 
taxes or levies of the Federal Republic of Germany [where 
Instruments are issued by SFM, the following applies: or The 
Netherlands] [where Instruments are issued by SCC, the 
following applies: or the United States] or any political subdivision 
or taxing authority thereof or therein, or 
 
(ii) any change in, or amendment to, the application or the official 
interpretation, of such laws or regulations, or 
 
(iii) any change or amendment of action and/or decision taken by any 
taxing authority, or any court of competent jurisdiction of the Federal 
Republic of Germany [where Instruments are issued by SFM, the 
following applies: or The Netherlands] [where Instruments are 
issued by SCC, the following applies: or the United States] or any

--- Page 95 ---
94 
political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein, whether or 
not such action and/or decision was taken or brought in connection 
with the Issuer [where Instruments are issued by SFM or SCC, 
the following applies: or the Guarantor], or 
 
(iv) any officially proposed change, 
amendment, reformulation, 
application, interpretation or enforcement of law or any rulings or 
regulations promulgated thereunder in respect of the laws of the 
Federal Republic of Germany [where Instruments are issued by 
SFM, the following applies: or The Netherlands] [where 
Instruments are issued by SCC, the following applies: or the 
United States] or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof 
or therein. 
 
The termination is conditional on such change, amendment, 
reformulation, application, interpretation or execution coming into effect on or 
after the date on which the Instruments were issued. 
 
However, such termination may not be made 
 
(i) 
earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer 
[where Instruments are issued by SFM or SCC, the following 
applies: and/or the Guarantor] would be obligated to pay such 
Additional Amounts, were a payment in respect of the Instruments 
then to be due, or 
 
(ii) if at the time such notice is given, the obligation to pay such 
Additional Amounts no longer exists. 
 
The notice is to be given in accordance with condition 12. It shall be 
irrevocable, must specify the date fixed for redemption and must set forth a 
summary statement of the circumstances entitling the Issuer [where 
Instruments are issued by SFM or SCC, the following applies: and/or the 
Guarantor] to terminate. 
If 
the 
Instruments 
are 
subject 
to 
an 
early 
redemption at the Option of 
the Issuer upon Minimal 
Outstanding 
Aggregate 
Principal 
Amount, 
the 
following applies: 
(3) Early Redemption of the Instruments upon Minimal Outstanding 
Aggregate Principal Amount. Should the Issuer [where Instruments are 
issued by SFM or SCC, the following applies:, the Guarantor or an 
enterprise associated therewith within the meaning of Sections 15 et seq. of 
the German Stock Corporation Act (§§ 15 ff. Aktiengesetz)] have acquired 
Instruments with an aggregate principal amount of 75 per cent or more of the 
original aggregate principal amount and these Instruments have been 
cancelled, the remaining outstanding Instruments may be terminated early, in 
whole, but not in part, by the Issuer on giving no less than 30 days, and no 
more than 60 days notice to the Holders. 
 
The Instruments shall be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount 
(as defined below), together with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
Business Day fixed for redemption 
 
 
If the Issuer has the right to 
early 
redemption, 
the 
following applies: 
[(4)] Early Redemption following early termination by the Issuer (Make-
Whole). 
 
(a) The Issuer may, upon notice given in accordance with (b) (below), 
terminate all or part only of the Instruments early. “The Early 
Redemption Amount (Make-Whole)” shall be an amount equal to 
the greater of (i) 100 per cent of the Specified Denomination of the 
Instruments to be redeemed early or (ii) as determined by the 
Reference Dealer (as defined below), an amount equal to 
(A) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled 
payments of principal and interest on such Instruments to be 
redeemed early (not including any interest accrued until the Early 
Redemption Date (Make-Whole) (as defined below)) discounted to

--- Page 96 ---
95 
the Early Redemption Date (Make-Whole) on an annual basis 
(based on the actual number of days elapsed divided by 365 or 366, 
as the case may be) at the Reference Dealer Rate (as defined 
below), plus [Discount Rate] per cent, plus (B) in each case, 
accrued interest to (but excluding) the Early Redemption Date 
(Make-Whole). 
 
“Reference Dealer” means [name of Bank which should 
determine the Early Redemption Amount (Make-Whole)] or their 
respective successors. 
 
“Reference Dealer Rate” means with respect to the Reference 
Dealer and any Early Redemption Date (Make-Whole) (as defined 
below), the midmarket annual yield to maturity, as determined by the 
Reference Dealer, of the [name of instrument/bond that shall 
serve as reference] due on [maturity date of reference 
instrument/bond] or, if that security has been redeemed, a similar 
security in the reasonable discretion of the Reference Dealer, at 
11:00 a.m. (Frankfurt am Main time) on the ninth Business Day in 
Frankfurt am Main preceding such Early Redemption Date (Make-
Whole). The Reference Dealer shall quote the Reference Dealer 
Rate to the Issuer in writing. 
 
“Business Day” means any day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) 
on which the Clearing System and [where the Specified Currency 
is Euro, the following applies: all relevant parts of T2 are open to 
effect payments.] [where the Specified Currency is not Euro, the 
following applies: on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets are generally open for business in [relevant 
financial center(s)] and settle payments in the Specified Currency.] 
 
[If the Instruments are subject to Early Redemption at the 
Option of the Holder, the following applies: 
 
The Issuer may not exercise its right to early termination in respect 
of any Instrument in respect of which the Holder thereof has already 
exercised its option to require the redemption of such Instrument 
under condition 5[6] below.] 
 
(b) Notice of termination shall be given by the Issuer to the Holders in 
accordance with condition 12. Such notice shall specify: 
 
(i) 
the Series of Instruments subject to redemption; 
 
(ii) 
whether such Series is to be redeemed in whole or in part only 
and, if in part only, the aggregate principal amount of the 
Instruments which are to be redeemed; and 
 
(iii) 
the due date for such redemption (the “Early Redemption 
Date (Make-Whole)”), which shall be not less than [Minimum 
Notice to Holders] nor more than [Maximum Notice to 
Holders] days after the date on which the Issuer exercises its 
termination rights against the Holders. 
 
[Where Instruments are issued in new global note form, the following 
applies: 
 
(c) If the Instruments are to be redeemed in part only, the partial 
redemption shall be reflected in the records of the ICSDs, at their 
discretion, either as a pool factor or as a reduction in the aggregate 
principal amount.]

--- Page 97 ---
96 
 
[Where Instruments are issued in classical global note form or CBF is 
chosen as Clearing System, the following applies: 
 
(c) If the Instruments are to be redeemed in part only, the Instruments 
to be redeemed shall be selected in accordance with the rules of the 
relevant Clearing System.] 
 
 
If 
the 
Instruments 
are 
subject 
to 
an 
early 
redemption at the Option of 
the 
Issuer 
at 
specified 
dates, 
the 
following 
applies: 
[(5)] Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Call). 
(a) The Issuer may, upon exercising its call option in accordance with 
(b) (below), redeem the Instruments in whole or in part on the 
Optional Early Redemption Date(s) (Call) at the Optional Early 
Redemption Amount(s) (Call), as set out below, together with any 
interest accrued until (but excluding) the respective Optional Early 
Redemption Date (Call). [If a minimum volume or a specified 
volume should apply to the partial redemption, the following 
applies: Such redemption shall be of an aggregate principal amount 
of [where a minimum volume is to apply, the following applies: 
at least [●]] [if a specified volume is to apply, the following 
applies: [●]]]. 
 
Optional Early Redemption Date(s) (Call) 
Optional Early Redemption Amount(s) 
(Call) 
[●] 
[●] 
[[●]] 
[[●]] 
 
[If the Instruments are subject to Early Redemption at the 
Option of a Holder (Put), the following applies: 
 
The Issuer may not exercise such option in respect of any Instrument 
in respect of which the Holder thereof has already exercised its 
option to require the redemption of such Instrument under 
condition 5[6].] 
 
(b) Exercise of this option (Call) shall be notified by the Issuer to the 
Holders in accordance with condition 12. Such notice shall specify: 
 
(i) 
the Series of Instruments subject to redemption; 
 
(ii) 
whether such Series is to be redeemed in whole or in part only 
and, if in part only, the aggregate principal amount of the 
Instruments which are to be redeemed; 
 
(iii) 
the Optional Early Redemption Date (Call), which shall be not 
less than [Minimum Notice to Holders] nor more than 
[Maximum Notice to Holders] days after the date on which 
the Issuer exercises its call option against the Holders; and 
 
(iv) 
the Optional Early Redemption Amount (Call) at which such 
Instruments are to be redeemed. 
 
[If the Instruments are to be issued in the form of a new global note, 
the following applies: 
 
(c) If the Instruments are to be redeemed in part only, the partial 
redemption shall be reflected in the records of the ICSDs, at their 
discretion either as a pool factor or as a reduction in the aggregate 
principal amount.]

--- Page 98 ---
97 
 
[Where Instruments are issued in classical global note form, the 
following applies: 
 
(c) If the Instruments are to be redeemed in part only, the Instruments 
to be redeemed shall be selected in accordance with the rules of the 
relevant Clearing System.] 
 
 
If 
the 
Instruments 
are 
subject 
to 
an 
early 
redemption at the Option of 
the 
Issuer 
within 
an 
Optional Early Redemption 
Period, 
the 
following 
applies: 
[(5)] Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Call). 
(a) The Issuer may, upon exercising its call option in accordance with 
(b) (below), redeem the Instruments in whole or in part within the 
Optional Early Redemption Period(s) (Call) at the Optional Early 
Redemption Amount(s) (Call), as set out below, together with any 
interest accrued until (but excluding) the relevant redemption date. 
[If a minimum volume or a specified volume should apply to the 
partial redemption, the following applies: Such redemption shall 
be of an aggregate principal amount of [where a minimum volume 
is to apply, the following applies: at least [●]] [if a specified 
volume is to apply, the following applies: [●]]]. 
 
Optional Early Redemption Period(s) 
(Call) 
Optional Early Redemption Amount(s)  
(Call) 
[●] 
[●] 
[[●]] 
[[●]] 
 
[If the Instruments are subject to Early Redemption at the 
Option of a Holder (Put), the following applies: 
 
The Issuer may not exercise such option in respect of any Instrument 
in respect of which the Holder thereof has already exercised its 
option to require the redemption of such Instrument under 
condition 5[6].] 
 
(b) Exercise of this option (Call) shall be notified by the Issuer to the 
Holders in accordance with condition 12. Such notice shall specify: 
 
(i) 
the Series of Instruments subject to redemption; 
 
(ii) 
whether such Series is to be redeemed in whole or in part only 
and, if in part only, the aggregate principal amount of the 
Instruments which are to be redeemed; 
 
(iii) 
the relevant redemption date, which shall be not less than 
[Minimum Notice to Holders] nor more than [Maximum 
Notice to Holders] days after the date on which the Issuer 
exercises its call option against the Holders; and 
 
(iv) 
the Optional Early Redemption Amount (Call) at which such 
Instruments are to be redeemed. 
 
[If the Instruments are to be issued in the form of a new global note, the 
following applies: 
 
(c) If the Instruments are to be redeemed in part only, the partial 
redemption shall be reflected in the records of the ICSDs, at their 
discretion either as a pool factor or as a reduction in the aggregate 
principal amount.]

--- Page 99 ---
98 
 
[Where Instruments are issued in classical global note form, the following 
applies: 
 
(c) If the Instruments are to be redeemed in part only, the Instruments 
to be redeemed shall be selected in accordance with the rules of the 
relevant Clearing System.] 
 
 
Where 
Instruments 
are 
redeemable 
at 
specified 
dates at the option of a 
Holder, 
the 
following 
applies: 
[(6)] Early Redemption at the Option of a Holder (Put). 
(a) The Issuer has, upon exercise of a respective put option of a Holder, 
to redeem such Instrument upon the Optional Early Redemption 
Date (Put) at the Optional Early Redemption Amount (Put) as set out 
below together with accrued interest, if any, up to (but excluding) the 
Optional Early Redemption Date (Put). 
 
Optional Early Redemption Date(s) (Put) 
Optional Early Redemption Amount(s) 
(Put) 
[●] 
[●] 
[[●]] 
[[●]] 
 
[Where Instruments are subject to Early Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer, the following applies: 
 
The Holder may not exercise such option in respect of any 
Instrument in respect of which the Issuer has already exercised its 
option to redeem such Instrument under this condition 5.] 
 
(b) In order to exercise such option, the Holder must, not less than 
[Minimum Notice to Issuer] nor more than [Maximum Notice to 
Issuer] days before the Optional Early Redemption Date (Put) on 
which such redemption should be made as specified in the Put 
Notice (as defined below) send to the specified office of the Fiscal 
Agent a duly completed written early redemption notice (“Put 
Notice”). Should the Put Notice be received after 5:00 p.m. 
(Frankfurt am Main time) on the [Minimum Notice to Issuer] day 
before the beginning of the relevant Put Redemption Period (Put), 
the option will not have been validly exercised. No option so 
exercised may be revoked or withdrawn. The Put Notice must 
specify the following: 
 
(i) 
the principal amount of the Instruments in respect of which the 
Put Option is exercised[,] [and] 
 
(ii) 
the securities identification number of the Instruments (if and 
to the extent assigned)[.] 
 
[Where the Global Note is kept in custody by CBF, the following 
applies: and (iii) contact details as well as a bank account]. 
 
The Put Notice may be in the form available from the specified office 
of the Fiscal Agent both in German and English and includes further 
information. 
 
Repayment of Instruments in respect of which an option to redeem 
is exercised, shall only be made upon presentation of the 
Instruments to the Issuer or to its order. 
 
 
 
[(7)] Early Redemption Amount. For the purposes of condition 9 and 
condition 5(2) [and (3)] the early redemption amount of an Instrument shall be 
its Redemption Amount (“Early Redemption Amount”).

--- Page 100 ---
99 
 
Condition 6. 
THE FISCAL AGENT [AND THE PAYING AGENT[S]] 
 
(1) Appointment; specified offices. The initial Fiscal Agent [and the 
Paying Agent[s]] and their respective specified offices are as follows: 
 
Fiscal Agent: 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
Paying Agent: 
[Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany] 
 
[other Paying Agent[s] and specified office[s]] 
 
The Fiscal Agent [and the Paying Agent[s]] reserve the right at any time 
to change their respective specified offices to some other specified offices in 
the same country. 
 
(2) Variation or Termination of Appointment. The Issuer reserves the right 
at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent or any 
Paying Agent and to appoint another Fiscal Agent or additional or other Paying 
Agents. The Issuer shall at all times maintain [(i)] a Fiscal Agent and a Paying 
Agent [in the case of payments in U.S. Dollars the following applies: and 
(ii) if payments at or through the offices of all Paying Agents outside the United 
States (as defined in condition 4(3)) become illegal or are effectively precluded 
because of the imposition of exchange controls or similar restrictions on the 
full payment or receipt of such amounts in U.S. Dollars, a Paying Agent with a 
specified office in New York City or another office in the United States]. The 
Issuer shall notify the Holders without delay about any variation, termination, 
appointment or other change with respect to the Fiscal Agent[,] [and] the 
Paying Agent[s] in accordance with condition 12. 
 
(3) Agents of the Issuer. The Fiscal Agent[,] [and] the Paying Agent[s] act 
solely as agents of the Issuer and do not have any obligations towards or 
relationship of agency or trust with any Holder. 
 
Condition 7. 
TAXATION 
 
All amounts payable on the Instruments (whether principal or interest) 
shall be payable without deduction or withholding at source for or on account 
of any present or future taxes or other duties of any nature whatsoever 
imposed or charged by or on behalf of the Federal Republic of Germany 
[where Instruments issued by SFM insert: or The Netherlands] [where 
Instruments issued by SCC, insert: or the United States] or by or on of behalf 
of any political subdivision or authority thereof having the power to tax, unless 
such deduction or withholding is required by law. In such event, the Issuer shall 
pay such additional amounts (“Additional Amounts”) as may be necessary in 
order that the net amount received by the Holders after such deduction or 
withholding shall equal the respective amounts of principal and interest which 
would have been receivable by the Holders had no such deduction or 
withholding been required. No such Additional Amounts shall, however, be 
payable in relation to any payment in respect of any Instrument on account of 
any taxes or duties which:

--- Page 101 ---
100 
 
(a) are deducted or withheld by any person acting as a custodian bank 
or collecting agent on behalf of a Holder, or otherwise payable in any 
manner which does not constitute a deduction or withholding by the 
Issuer from payments of principal or interest made by it; or 
 
(b) are payable by reason of the Holder having, or having had, some 
personal or business connection with The Netherlands, or the United 
States, or the Federal Republic of Germany and not merely by 
reason of the fact that payments in respect of the Instruments are 
(or for the purpose of taxation are deemed to be) derived from 
sources or are secured, in The Netherlands, or the United States, or 
the Federal Republic of Germany; or 
 
(c) are deducted or withheld pursuant to (i) any European Union 
directive or regulation concerning the taxation of savings income, or 
(ii) any international treaty or understanding relating to such taxation 
and to which the Federal Republic of Germany [where instruments 
issued by SFM insert: or The Netherlands] [where instruments 
issued by SCC insert: or the United States] or the European Union 
is a party, or (iii) any provision of law implementing, or complying 
with, or introduced to conform with, such Directive, Regulation, treaty 
or understanding; or 
 
(d) have to be paid in respect of any Instrument presented for payment 
more than 30 days after the Relevant Date, except to the extent, that 
the relevant Holder of such Instrument would have been entitled to 
such Additional Amounts on presenting the same Instrument for 
payment on or before the expiry of such period of 30 days; or 
In 
the 
case 
of 
any 
Instrument issued by SCC, 
the following applies: 
(e) (i) would not have been imposed but for the failure to comply with 
certification, 
information, 
documentation 
or 
other 
reporting 
requirements concerning the nationality, residence, identity or 
present or former connection with the United States of the Holder or 
beneficial owner of such Instrument, if such compliance is required 
by statute, regulation or ruling of the United States or any political 
subdivision or taxing authority thereof as a precondition to relief or 
exemption from such taxes or duties (ii) are imposed on interest 
received by a person holding, actually or constructively, now or in 
the future, 10 per cent or more of the total combined voting power of 
all classes of stock of Siemens Corporation, New York, NY, USA (in 
the event that Siemens Corporation is the sole member of the Issuer) 
or 10 per cent or more of the capital or profits interest in the Issuer 
(in the event that there are two or more members of the Issuer), (iii) 
are imposed on interest received by a person, who is a controlled 
foreign corporation as to the United States, that is related to the 
Issuer, (iv) are imposed on interest received by a bank described in 
Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as 
amended (“Code”), (v) are imposed on amounts subject to 
withholding under Section 1443 of the Code (regarding withholding 
on foreign tax-exempt organizations), (vi) are imposed on contingent 
interest described in Section 871(h)(4) of the Code; or 
 
 
 
[(f)] are payable by reason of a change in law that becomes effective 
more than 30 days after the relevant payment of principal or interest 
becomes due, or is duly provided for and notice thereof is published 
in accordance with condition 12, whichever occurs later; or 
 
[(g)] are deducted or withheld by a Paying Agent if the payment could 
have been made by another Paying Agent without such deduction or 
withholding.

--- Page 102 ---
101 
 
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, the “Relevant Date” 
means, in respect of any payment, the date on which such payment first 
becomes due and payable, but if the full amount of the amount payable has 
not been received by the Fiscal Agent on or prior to such due date, it means 
the first date, on which the full amount of such payment having been received 
by the Fiscal Agent and being available for payment to Holders, notice to that 
effect shall have been duly given to the Holders of the relevant Series in 
accordance with condition 12. 
 
Notwithstanding anything else in these Terms and Conditions, the Issuer 
shall not be liable for or otherwise be obliged to pay any tax, duty, withholding 
or other payment which may arise as a result of any tax withheld or deducted 
as required by the rules of Sections 1471 through 1474 (relating to the Foreign 
Account Tax Compliance Act, “FATCA”) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 
1986, as amended. This includes any amended or successor provisions, 
pursuant to (i) any inter-governmental agreement, (ii) implementing legislation 
adopted by another jurisdiction in connection with these provisions, or 
(iii) pursuant to any agreement with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service as a 
result of a Holder, beneficial owner or intermediary that is not an agent of the 
Issuer not being entitled to receive payments free of this withholding. The 
Issuer will have no obligation to pay any additional amounts or otherwise 
indemnify a Holder for any such withholding deducted or withheld by the Issuer, 
a paying agent or any other party. 
 
Condition 8. 
PRESENTATION PERIOD 
 
With respect to the Instruments, the presentation period provided in the 
first sentence of Section 801(1) of the German Civil Code (Bürgerliches 
Gesetzbuch) is reduced to ten years. 
 
Condition 9. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
 
(1) Events of Default. Each Holder shall be entitled to declare its 
Instruments due and demand immediate redemption thereof at the Early 
Redemption Amount (as described in condition 5), together with accrued and 
unpaid interest (if any) to (but excluding) the date of repayment, in the event 
that: 
 
(a) principal or interest is not paid within 30 days from the relevant due 
date subject to condition 4(8); or 
 
(b) the Issuer fails duly to perform any other material obligation arising 
from the Instruments [where Instruments are issued by SFM or 
SCC, the following applies: or the Guarantor fails to fulfill its duties 
set out in condition 2(4) (Negative pledge of the Guarantor)] and this 
failure continues for more than 60 days after the Fiscal Agent has 
received notice thereof from a Holder; or 
 
(c) the Issuer [where Instruments are issued by SFM or SCC the 
following applies: or the Guarantor] announces that it is unable to 
meet its financial obligations; or 
 
(d) a competent court opens insolvency proceedings against the Issuer 
[where Instruments are issued by SFM or SCC, the following 
applies: or the Guarantor,] or the Issuer [where Instruments are 
issued by SFM or SCC, the following applies: or the Guarantor] 
applies for or institutes such proceedings [where Instruments are 
issued by SFM, the following applies:, or the Issuer applies for a 
“surseance van betaling” (within the meaning of The Bankruptcy Act 
of The Netherlands, Faillissementswet)]; this condition 9(1)(d) does

--- Page 103 ---
102 
not apply to frivolous or vexatious proceedings that are without merit; 
or 
 
(e) the Issuer [where Instruments are issued by SFM or SCC, the 
following applies: or the Guarantor] goes into liquidation, unless 
this is in connection with a merger, or consolidation or other form of 
merging/combining with another company or in connection with a 
restructuring and the other or new company assumes all obligations 
assumed by the Issuer [where Instruments are issued by SFM or 
SCC, the following applies: or the Guarantor] in connection with 
the Instruments[.] [; or] 
Where 
Instruments 
are 
issued by SFM or SCC, the 
following applies: 
(f)  the Guarantee is invalid. 
 
 
 
(2) The right to declare Instruments due and request redemption thereof 
shall terminate if the situation giving rise thereto has been cured or has lapsed 
before such right is exercised. 
 
(3) Notice. Any notice in accordance with condition 9(1) above, including 
any notice declaring Instruments due and requesting redemption thereof, shall 
be made by means of a declaration in text form (Textform) in the German or 
English language to the Fiscal Agent. Such notice shall be given together with 
proof that such Holder at the time of such notice is the Holder of the relevant 
Instrument. Such proof may be given by means of a certificate of its Custodian 
(as defined in condition 14 (3)) or in any other appropriate manner. 
 
(4) Quorum. A notice given pursuant to condition 9(1)(b), shall, unless at 
the time such notice is received any of the events specified in condition 9(1)(a) 
and (1)(c) to [(1)(e)][(1)(f)] entitling Holders to declare their Instruments due 
has occurred and is continuing, become effective only when the Fiscal Agent 
has received such notices from the Holders in principal amount of at least 
25 per cent of the Instruments then outstanding. 
 
Condition 10. 
SUBSTITUTION OF THE ISSUER 
 
(1) Substitution. The Issuer is, so long as no payment of principal or 
interest on any of the Instruments is in default, at all times entitled without the 
consent of the Holders, to substitute [where Instruments are issued by SFM 
or SCC, the following applies: the Guarantor, or any other enterprise, 
associated within the meaning of Sections 15 et seq. of the German Stock 
Corporation Act (§§ 15 ff. Aktiengesetz) with the Guarantor,] [where 
Instruments are issued by Siemens AG, the following applies: any other 
enterprise associated within the meaning of Sections 15 et seq. of the German 
Stock Corporation Act (§§ 15 ff. Aktiengesetz) with the Issuer,] in its place as 
principal debtor (“Substitute Debtor”) in respect of all obligations arising from 
or in connection with the Instruments provided that: 
 
(a) the Substitute Debtor assumes all obligations of the Issuer in respect 
of the Instruments; 
 
(b) the Substitute Debtor has obtained all necessary authorizations and 
may transfer to the Fiscal Agent in the Specified Currency without 
being obligated to deduct or withhold any taxes or other duties of 
whatever nature levied by the country in which the Substitute Debtor 
or the Issuer has its domicile or tax residence, all amounts required 
for the fulfilment of the payment obligations arising under the 
Instruments; 
 
(c) the Substitute Debtor has agreed to hold harmless each Holder 
against any withholding tax, duty or governmental charge imposed on

--- Page 104 ---
103 
such Holder in respect of such substitution except as specified in 
condition 7; 
Where 
Instruments 
are 
issued by Siemens AG, the 
following applies: 
(d) the Issuer irrevocably and unconditionally guarantees the payment 
of all sums payable by the Substitute Debtor in respect of the 
Instruments against a trustee. This guarantee shall comply with the 
terms of the Issuer’s guarantee assumed by the Issuer in respect of 
any Instruments issued by SFM or SCC under the Programme 
pursuant to which the Instruments were issued; and 
 
 
Where 
Instruments 
are 
issued by SFM or SCC, the 
following applies: 
(d) the Guarantor, but only if the Guarantor is not the Substitute Debtor, 
irrevocably and unconditionally guarantees the payment of all sums 
payable by the Substitute Debtor in respect of the Instruments and 
such guarantee complies with the conditions of the Guarantee in 
accordance with condition 2(2); and 
 
 
 
(e) there shall have been delivered to the Fiscal Agent an opinion or 
opinions of lawyers of recognized standing with respect to the 
affected jurisdictions confirming that the provisions of (a), (b), (c) and 
(d) above have been satisfied. The lawyers shall be selected by 
Siemens AG. 
 
(2) Notice. Notice of any such substitution shall be published in 
accordance with condition 12. 
 
(3) Change of References. In the event of substitution, any reference in 
these Terms and Conditions to the Issuer shall from then on be deemed to 
refer to the Substitute Debtor and any reference to the country in which the 
Issuer is domiciled or resident for taxation purposes shall from then on be 
deemed to refer to the country of domicile or residence for taxation purposes 
of the Substitute Debtor.  
 
Furthermore, in the event of such substitution the following shall apply: 
Where 
Instruments 
are 
issued by SFM or SCC, the 
following applies: 
(a) In conditions 7 and 5(2) an alternative reference to [where 
Instruments are issued by SFM, the following applies: 
The Netherlands] [where Instruments are issued by SCC, the 
following applies: the United States] shall be deemed to have been 
included (in addition to the reference according to the preceding 
sentence to the country of domicile or residence for taxation 
purposes of the Substitute Debtor); and 
 
(b) If a guarantee pursuant to condition 10 (1)(d) is to be issued, any 
reference in these Terms and Conditions to the Guarantee shall from 
then on be deemed to refer to such guarantee issued pursuant to 
condition 10 (1)(d). 
 
 
Where 
Instruments 
are 
issued by Siemens AG, the 
following applies: 
(a) In conditions 7 and 5(2) an alternative reference to the Federal 
Republic of Germany shall be deemed to have been included 
(in addition to the reference made in the preceding sentence to the 
country of domicile or residence for taxation purposes of the 
Substitute Debtor); 
 
(b) In condition 9(1)(b) to (e) an alternative reference to the Issuer in its 
capacity as Guarantor shall be deemed to have been included 
(in addition to the reference to the Substitute Debtor); and 
 
(c) Condition 9 shall be deemed to be amended so that it shall also be 
an event of default under such provision if the guarantee issued 
pursuant to condition 10 (1)(d) is invalid.

--- Page 105 ---
104 
 
Condition 11. 
FURTHER ISSUES, PURCHASES AND CANCELLATION 
 
(1) Further Issues. The Issuer is entitled, without the consent of the 
Holders, to issue further Instruments from time to time having the same terms 
and conditions as the Instruments in all respects (or in all respects except for 
the issue date, interest commencement date and/or issue price) so as to be 
consolidated and form a single Series with the Instruments. 
 
(2) Purchases. The Issuer [where Instruments are issued by SFM or 
SCC, the following applies: and the Guarantor] [is] [are] entitled, at any time, 
to purchase Instruments in the open market or otherwise at any price. 
Instruments purchased by the Issuer [where Instruments are issued by SFM 
or SCC, the following applies: or the Guarantor] may, at the option of the 
Issuer [where Instruments are issued by SFM or SCC, the following 
applies: or the Guarantor], be held, resold or surrendered to the Fiscal Agent 
for cancellation. 
 
(3) Cancellation. All Instruments redeemed in full shall, be cancelled 
forthwith and neither reissued nor resold. 
 
Condition 12. 
NOTICES 
Where 
Instruments 
are 
listed on the regulated 
market of the Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange, 
the 
following applies: 
(1) Publication. All notices required to be made in accordance with these 
Terms and Conditions, will be made by means of electronic publication on the 
internet website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). Any 
notice so given will be deemed to have been validly given on the third day 
following the date of such publication. [where Instruments are issued by 
Siemens AG, the following applies: All notices required to be made in 
accordance with these Terms and Conditions shall in addition be published in 
the Federal Gazette (Bundesanzeiger) (to the extent required).] 
 
 
 
(2) Notification to Clearing System. If the Rules of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange so permit, the Issuer may make a publication referred to in 
condition 12(1) by giving notice to the Clearing System for communication by 
the Clearing System to the Holders, in lieu of publication as set forth in 
condition 12(1) above; any such notice shall be deemed to have been validly 
given to the Holders on the fourth day after the day on which the said notice 
was given to the Clearing System. 
 
 
Where 
Instruments 
are 
listed on another Stock 
Exchange 
than 
the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange, the following 
applies: 
(1) Publication. All notices required to be made in accordance with these 
Terms and Conditions, will be published in [insert medium of publication and 
location as required by the rules of a Listing Authority or Stock 
Exchange] and to the extent required [where Instruments are issued by 
SFM or SCC the following applies: by means of electronic publication on the 
internet website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com)] [where 
Instruments are issued by Siemens AG, the following applies: the Federal 
Gazette (Bundesanzeiger)]. Any notice so given will be deemed to have been 
validly given on the third day following the date of such publication. 
 
 
 
(2) Notification to Clearing System. As far as legally permissible and 
provided that the rules of the stock exchange, where the Instruments are 
admitted to trading, permit such form of notice, the Issuer may replace a 
publication as set forth in condition 12 (1), by giving notice to the Clearing 
System for communication by the Clearing System to the Holders. Any such 
notice shall be deemed to have been validly given to the Holders on the fourth 
day after the day on which the said notice was given to the Clearing System.

--- Page 106 ---
105 
Where Instruments are not 
listed, 
the 
following 
applies: 
(1) Notification to Clearing System. The Issuer shall deliver all notices 
required to be made in accordance with these Terms and Conditions, to the 
Clearing System for communication by the Clearing System to the Holders. 
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been validly given to the Holders on 
the fourth day after the day on which the said notice was given to the Clearing 
System. 
 
 
 
[(2)][(3)] Form of Notice. Notices to be given by any Holder shall be made 
in text form (Textform) in the English or German language. The notice must be 
accompanied by proof that such notifying Holder is holder of the relevant 
Instruments at the time of the giving of such notice. Proof may be made by 
means of a certificate of the Custodian (as defined in condition 14 (3)) or in any 
other appropriate manner. So long as payments on the Instruments are made 
to the Clearing System, such notice may be given by the Holder to the Fiscal 
Agent through the Clearing System in such manner as the Fiscal Agent and 
the Clearing System may approve for such purpose. 
 
Condition 13. 
AMENDMENTS TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, JOINT 
REPRESENTATIVE [, AMENDMENTS TO THE GUARANTEE] 
 
(1) Amendment of the Terms and Conditions. The Issuer may amend 
these Terms and Conditions with the consent of a majority resolution of the 
Holders pursuant to Sections 5 et seqq. of the German Act on Issue of Debt 
Securities 
(Gesetz 
über 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
Gesamtemissionen — “SchVG”), as amended from time to time. The Holders 
may in accordance with the majorities as set out in condition 13 (2) in particular 
consent to amendments which materially change the substance of these 
Terms and Conditions, including such measures as provided for under 
Section 5(3) of the SchVG, but excluding a substitution of the Issuer, which is 
exclusively subject to the provisions in condition 10. Majority resolutions are 
binding on all Holders. 
 
(2) Majority. Except as provided by the following sentence and provided 
that a quorum has been achieved, the Holders may pass resolutions by simple 
majority of the voting rights participating in the vote. Provided that a quorum 
has been achieved, resolutions which materially change the substance of 
these Terms and Conditions, in particular in the cases of Section 5(3) 
numbers 1 through 9 of the SchVG, require a qualified majority of at least 
75 per cent of the voting rights participating in the vote to become effective (a 
“Qualified Majority”). 
 
(3) Vote without a meeting. All votes will be carried out, subject to the 
next sentence, exclusively by way of a vote without a meeting. A meeting of 
Holders, and the bearing of the costs of such meeting by the Issuer, shall only 
occur in the circumstance of Section 18(4) sentence 2 of the SchVG. The 
request for voting will provide for further details relating to the resolutions to be 
voted on and the voting procedure. The subject matter of the vote as well as 
the proposed resolutions shall be notified to Holders together with the request 
for voting. 
 
(4) Eligibility to participate. Each Holder shall be entitled to participate in 
votes without a meeting or in a meeting of Holders pursuant to Section 18(4) 
sentence 2 of the SchVG in accordance with the nominal amount or notional 
share of its entitlement to the outstanding Instruments. Special written 
confirmation dated the date of the vote from the Custodian (as defined in 
condition 14(3)) of the relevant Holder is sufficient evidence of the eligibility of 
the Holder to participate in such vote. If a confirmation which is dated the date 
of the vote cannot be provided, then, in addition, a blocking instruction from 
the Custodian of the relevant Holder is required, which evidences that the 
relevant Instruments are not able to be transferred during the period from the 
date of such confirmation until the effective time of the vote.

--- Page 107 ---
106 
 
(5) Joint representative. [If no Joint Representative is designated in 
the Terms and Conditions of the Instruments, the following applies: The 
Holders may by majority resolution provide for the appointment or dismissal of 
a joint representative (the “Joint Representative”), the duties and 
responsibilities and the rights of such Joint Representative, the transfer of the 
rights of the Holders to the Joint Representative and a limitation of liability of 
the Joint Representative. The appointment of a Joint Representative requires 
a Qualified Majority if such Joint Representative is to be authorized to consent, 
in accordance with condition 13(2) hereof, to a material change in the 
substance of these Terms and Conditions.] 
 
[If the Joint Representative is appointed in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Instruments, the following applies: The joint 
representative (the “Joint Representative”) is [insert name and address of 
the Joint Representative as well as the relevant circumstances, to the 
extent the Joint Representative belongs to the category of persons listed 
in Section 7(1) sentence 2 numbers 2-4 of the SchVG]. The Joint 
Representative has the duties and responsibilities and rights provided for by 
law. The liability of the Joint Representative is limited to ten times of the amount 
of its annual remuneration, unless the Joint Representative has acted willfully 
or with gross negligence. The provisions of the SchVG apply with respect to 
the dismissal of the Joint Representative and the other rights and obligations 
of the Joint Representative.] 
 
(6) Notices. Any notices concerning this condition 13 are made in 
accordance with Sections 5 et seqq. of the SchVG and condition 12 hereof. 
In the case of Instruments 
issued by SCC or SFM, the 
following applies: 
(7) Application to Guarantee. The provisions set out above applicable to 
the Instruments shall apply mutatis mutandis to the Guarantee of Siemens AG. 
 
 
 
Condition 14. 
APPLICABLE LAW, PLACE OF JURISDICTION AND ENFORCEMENT 
 
(1) Applicable Law. The Instruments, as to form and content, and the 
rights and obligations of the Holders and the Issuers arising out of or in 
connection with the Instruments, shall be governed by, and construed in 
accordance with, German law without giving effect to the conflict of laws 
provisions of German international private law. 
 
To the extent permitted pursuant to Council Regulation (EC) 
No 864/2007 of July 11, 2007, on the law applicable to non-contractual 
obligations (“Rome II”), all non-contractual claims arising out of or in 
connection with the Instruments shall be governed by and construed in 
accordance with German law without giving effect to the conflict of laws 
provisions of German international private law. 
 
(2) Submission to Jurisdiction. The Issuer irrevocably agrees for the 
benefit of the Holders that the competent courts of Munich shall have exclusive 
jurisdiction to hear and determine any suit, action or proceedings, and to settle 
any disputes which may arise out of or in connection with the Instruments 
(respectively “Proceedings” and “Disputes”) and for such purposes 
irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of such courts. The Issuer irrevocably 
waives any objection which it might now or hereafter have to the competent 
courts of Munich being nominated as forum to hear and determine any 
Proceedings and to settle any Disputes and agrees not to claim that any such 
court is not a convenient or appropriate forum. 
 
(3) Enforcement. Any Holder is entitled, in any proceeding against the 
Issuer, or to which such Holder and the Issuer are parties, to exercise and 
enforce in its own name its rights arising under such Instruments on the basis 
of (i) a statement issued by the Custodian with whom such Holder maintains a 
securities account in respect of the Instruments (a) stating the full name and 
address of the Holder, (b) specifying the aggregate principal amount of

--- Page 108 ---
107 
Instruments credited to such securities account on the date of such statement, 
and (c) confirming that the Custodian has given written notice to the Clearing 
System containing the information pursuant to (a) and (b) and (ii) upon 
presentation of a copy of the Global Instrument representing the relevant 
Instruments certified as being a true copy by a duly authorized officer of the 
Clearing System or a depository of the Clearing System, without the need for 
production in such proceedings of the actual records or the Global Instrument 
representing the Instruments. For the purposes of the foregoing, “Custodian” 
means any bank or other financial institution of recognized standing authorized 
to engage in securities custody business with which the Holder maintains a 
securities account in respect of the Instruments, including the Clearing System. 
 
Condition 15. 
LANGUAGE 
 
These Terms and Conditions are written in the German language. The 
German text shall be binding and decisive. The English language translation 
is provided for convenience only.

--- Page 109 ---
108 
 
2.2 OPTION II: Terms and Conditions that apply to Instruments with 
floating interest rates 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE INSTRUMENTS 
(ENGLISH TRANSLATION) 
 
Condition 1. 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM, DEFINITIONS 
 
(1) Currency; Denomination. This Series of Instruments (“Instruments”) 
issued by [Siemens Aktiengesellschaft][Siemens Financieringsmaatschappij 
N.V.] [Siemens Capital Company LLC] (“Issuer”) is issued in [Specified 
Currency] (“Specified Currency”) in the aggregate principal amount [if the 
Global Instrument is a new global note, the following applies:, subject to 
condition 1(6),] of [insert aggregate principal amount in numbers] 
(in words: 
[aggregate 
principal 
amount 
in 
words]) 
in 
specified 
denominations of [Specified Denomination] (“Specified Denomination”). 
 
(2) Form. The Instruments are issued in bearer form. They shall be 
represented by [where Instruments are initially represented by a 
Temporary Global Instrument, the following applies: a Temporary Global 
Instrument (as defined below) and after exchange by a Permanent Global 
Instrument (as defined below)] [where Instruments are represented by a 
Permanent Global Instrument, the following applies: a Permanent Global 
Instrument (as defined below)] ([each a] “Global Instrument”). 
Where 
Instruments 
are 
represented 
by 
a 
Permanent 
Global 
Instrument and not issued 
by 
SCC, 
the 
following 
applies: 
(3) Permanent Global Instrument. The Instruments are represented by a 
permanent global instrument (“Permanent Global Instrument”) without 
coupons. The Permanent Global Instrument shall be signed by two duly 
authorized signatories of the Issuer and shall be authenticated by or on behalf 
of the Fiscal Agent. Definitive Instruments and interest coupons will not be 
issued. 
 
 
Where 
Instruments 
are 
initially represented by a 
Temporary 
Global 
Instrument and not issued 
by 
SCC, 
the 
following 
applies: 
(3) Temporary Global Instrument — Exchange. 
(a) The Instruments are initially represented by a temporary global 
instrument (“Temporary Global Instrument”) without coupons. The 
interests in the Temporary Global Instrument will be exchanged for 
interests in a permanent global instrument (“Permanent Global 
Instrument”) without coupons representing Instruments in the 
relevant Specified Denomination. The Temporary Global Instrument 
and the Permanent Global Instrument shall each be signed by two 
authorized signatories of the Issuer and shall each be authenticated 
by or on behalf of the Fiscal Agent. Definitive Instruments and 
interest coupons will not be issued. 
 
(b) Interests in the Temporary Global Instrument shall be exchanged for 
interests in the Permanent Global Instrument on or after the day that 
is 40 days after the date of issue of the Temporary Global 
Instrument. Such exchange shall only be made upon and to the 
extent of delivery of certifications to the effect that the beneficial 
owners of the Instruments represented by the Temporary Global 
Instrument are not U.S. persons (other than certain financial 
institutions or certain persons holding Instruments through such 
financial institutions). The certification should be given substantially 
in accordance with the form provided for in the Temporary Global 
Instrument or in such other form as the Clearing System (as defined 
below) typically uses in such circumstances. Payment of interest on 
Instruments represented by a Temporary Global Instrument will only 
be made after delivery of such certification. A separate certification 
shall be required in respect of each payment of interest. Any 
certification received on or after the 40th day after the date of issue 
of the Temporary Global Instrument will be treated as a request to

--- Page 110 ---
109 
exchange such Temporary Global Instrument pursuant to this 
condition 1(3)(b). Any securities delivered in exchange for the 
Temporary Global Instrument shall be delivered only outside of the 
United States (as defined in condition 4(3)). 
 
 
Where 
Instruments 
are 
issued by 
SCC, 
the 
following applies: 
(3) Permanent Global Instrument. The Instruments are represented by a 
permanent global note (“Permanent Global Instrument”) without coupons 
that will be treated as Instruments in registered form for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes. The Permanent Global Instrument shall be signed manually by 
two authorized signatories of the Issuer and shall be authenticated by or on 
behalf of the Fiscal Agent. Definitive Instruments and interest coupons will not 
be issued. 
 
Partial ownership in the Permanent Global Instrument will be shown on, 
and transfer of ownership will be effected only through, bookings and entries 
in the records maintained by the Clearing System. Except in limited 
circumstances, the Clearing System will not be able to transfer a Permanent 
Global Instrument, other than to transfer such Permanent Global Instrument to 
a successor depository, and ownership interests in each Permanent Global 
Instrument may not be exchanged for a definitive Instrument. The Clearing 
System must be CBF (as defined below) unless another Clearing System 
entered into a book-entry registration agreement or otherwise addressed the 
“immobilization” of the Instruments under U.S. tax law. 
 
Payment of interest on these Instruments will be made only after delivery 
to the withholding agent of the non-U.S. beneficial ownership statement 
described in U.S. Treasury Regulation Section 1.871-14(c)(2) (generally an 
appropriate IRS Form W-8). 
 
 
 
(4) Clearing System. Each Global Instrument representing the 
Instruments, will be kept in custody by or by a custodian on behalf of a Clearing 
System until all obligations of the Issuer under the Instruments have been 
satisfied. “Clearing System” means [if more than one Clearing System, the 
following applies: each of]: [Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main 
(“CBF”)] [Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg, (“CBL”)] [Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV, Brussels (“Euroclear”)] [Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg, 
(“CBL”) and Euroclear Bank SA/NV, Brussels (“Euroclear”) each an 
international central securities depositary (each an “ICSD” and together, the 
“ICSDs”)] as well as any successor in such capacity. 
 
 
Where 
the 
Global 
Instrument is a new global 
note, the following applies: 
The Instruments are issued in new global note (“NGN”) form and are kept 
in custody by a common safekeeper on behalf of both ICSDs. 
 
 
Where 
the 
Global 
Instrument is a classical 
global note, the following 
applies: 
The Instruments are issued in classical global note (“CGN”) form and are 
kept in custody by a common depositary on behalf of both ICSDs. 
 
 
 
(5) Holder of Instruments. “Holder” means any holder of a proportionate 
co-ownership interest or other similar right in the Instruments. 
Where 
the 
Permanent 
Global Instrument is a new 
global note, the following 
applies: 
(6) Records of the ICSDs. The aggregate principal amount of Instruments 
represented by the Global Instrument shall be the aggregate amount from time 
to time entered in the records of both ICSDs. Each ICSD shall keep a record 
for each of its customers reflecting the amount of such customer’s interest 
in the Instruments. Together, these records shall be conclusive evidence of the 
aggregate principal amount of Instruments represented by the Global 
Instrument. A statement issued by an ICSD stating the principal amounts of 
Instruments so represented at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the 
contents of the records of the relevant ICSD at that time.

--- Page 111 ---
110 
 
On any repayment, in whole or in part, or payment of interest, being made 
in respect of, or purchase and cancellation of, any of the Instruments 
represented by the Global Instrument, the Issuer shall procure that details of 
any repayment, payment or, as the case may be, purchase and cancellation in 
respect of the Global Instrument shall be entered pro rata in the records of the 
ICSDs and, upon any such entry being made, the aggregate principal amount 
of the Instruments recorded in the records of the ICSDs and represented by 
the Global Instrument shall be reduced by the principal amounts of the 
Instruments so redeemed or purchased and cancelled. 
 
 
Where 
the 
Temporary 
Global Instrument is a new 
global note, the following 
applies: 
On an exchange of only a portion of the Instruments represented by a 
Temporary Global Instrument, the Issuer shall procure that details of such 
exchange shall be entered pro rata in the records of the ICSDs. 
 
 
In the case of Instruments 
for which a book-entry 
register will be maintained 
the following applies: 
[(6)] Book-Entry Register. The Issuer and CBF have agreed that CBF will 
act as the Issuer’s book-entry registrar in respect of the Instruments. In such 
capacity and without prejudice to the issuance of the Instruments in bearer 
form and their status as Instruments in bearer form under German law, CBF 
has agreed, as agent of the Issuer, to maintain records of the Instruments 
credited to the accounts of the account holders of CBF. 
 
 
 
Condition 2. 
STATUS, NEGATIVE PLEDGE [where Instruments are issued by SFM or  
SCC, the following applies:, GUARANTEE] 
 
(1) Status. The Instruments constitute unsubordinated and [where 
Instruments are issued by SFM or SCC, the following applies: (subject to 
the provisions of condition 2(2) below)] unsecured obligations of the Issuer 
ranking pari passu (gleichrangig) in any voluntary winding up (freiwillige 
Abwicklung) or formal, statutory and involuntary bankruptcy proceeding 
(förmliches, gesetzlich geregeltes und unfreiwilliges Insolvenzverfahren) 
according to statutory law in the jurisdiction of the place of incorporation of the 
Issuer without any preference among themselves (untereinander im gleichen 
Rang) and with all other unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the 
Issuer except for any obligations preferred by law. 
Where Instruments are to 
be issued by SFM or SCC, 
the following applies: 
(2) Guarantee, Trust Structure. Siemens Aktiengesellschaft, Berlin and 
Munich, Federal Republic of Germany (“Guarantor”), has given an 
unconditional and irrevocable guarantee dated December 9, 2024 
(“Guarantee”) for the Issuer’s payment obligations under the Instruments. The 
Guarantee constitutes an unsubordinated and, in accordance with the 
provisions of the negative pledge referred to in condition 2 (4) below, an 
unsecured obligation of the Guarantor to the Trustee (as defined below) 
ranking pari passu (gleichrangig) in any voluntary winding up (freiwillige 
Abwicklung) or formal, statutory and involuntary bankruptcy proceeding 
(förmliches, gesetzlich geregeltes und unfreiwilliges Insolvenzverfahren) 
according to statutory law in the jurisdiction of the place of incorporation of the 
Guarantor with all other unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the 
Guarantor except for any obligations preferred by law. 
 
(a) All present and future claims and rights arising out of or in connection 
with the Guarantee with regard to Instruments held by the respective 
Holder (together, “Rights”) will be held and exercised exclusively by 
Luther Rechtsanwaltsgesellschaft mbH (“Trustee”) as trustee for the 
Holders pursuant to an agreement dated December 9, 2024 between 
the Trustee, the Issuer and the Guarantor (“Trust Agreement”). 
Under the Trust Agreement, each Holder is entitled to require from 
the Trustee performance of the Trustee’s obligations pursuant to the 
Trust Agreement and to enforce such obligations against the 
Trustee. For this purpose only the Trust Agreement constitutes a 
contract in favor of the Holders as third party beneficiaries pursuant

--- Page 112 ---
111 
to Section 328(1) of the German Civil Code (Bürgerliches 
Gesetzbuch). 
 
(b) The Trustee will exclusively be entitled and upon written request by 
the respective Holder obliged to immediately enforce the Rights and 
to arrange for the immediate distribution of any proceeds from 
enforcing the Rights. 
 
(c) The Trustee, when exercising the Rights, is entitled to receive 
reimbursement of any reasonable expenses thereby incurred, from 
the respective Holder, including its own reasonable expenses and 
costs of commissioning third parties. Should it prove necessary, the 
Trustee may demand a corresponding advance payment in the 
respective currency from the respective Holder. 
 
(d) Pursuant to the Trust Agreement, the Trustee will be liable for 
making, failing to make or accepting statements as well as for taking 
or failing to take actions in connection with the Guarantee only to the 
extent that it fails to exercise its fiduciary duties of care, and in any 
case in which it fails to exercise the level of due care expected of a 
reasonable businessman (Sorgfaltspflichten eines ordentlichen 
Kaufmanns). The liability of the Trustee for damages resulting from 
negligence (einfache Fahrlässigkeit) – except for damages resulting 
from injury to life, body or health – is limited to an aggregate amount 
of €10,000,000 (Euro ten million). The Trustee may commission third 
parties to perform specific functions incumbent upon it but shall 
remain liable for the fulfilment of its obligations arising out of the 
Trust Agreement. 
 
(e) Should any event occur which, in the reasonable judgement of the 
Trustee, results in it being unable to perform its duties under the 
Trust Agreement, it will, with the prior written consent of the 
Guarantor (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld), appoint 
another Appropriate Enterprise of Recognized Standing as its 
successor (“Appointment”). An “Appropriate Enterprise of 
Recognized Standing” means an enterprise, organized under the 
laws of, and subject to supervision by regulatory authorities, if any, 
in the Federal Republic of Germany or Switzerland and (i) authorized 
to exercise corporate trust powers, (ii) with shareholders’ equity not 
less than that of the Trustee, and (iii) not directly or indirectly 
controlled by, or under common control with, the Guarantor. Should 
the Trustee be unable or fail to make an Appointment, the Guarantor 
will do so. The Guarantor is entitled to replace the Trustee by another 
Appropriate Enterprise of Recognized Standing as the Trustee’s 
successor, for good reason. The Trustee is entitled to terminate the 
Trust Agreement for good reason. The Trustee may not resign from 
its Appointment under the Trust Agreement unless and until a 
successor is appointed. Any such Appointment will be promptly 
notified in accordance with condition 12. 
 
(f) 
The Trust Agreement may be amended or supplemented without the 
consent of the Holders so long as such amendment or supplement 
does not materially prejudice their interests. 
 
(g) A copy of the Trust Agreement is available to the Holders and 
persons who strongly and recognisably express a credible interest 
in investing in the Instruments, upon request free of charge from the 
Paying Agent. Furthermore, a copy of the Trust Agreement is 
available for inspection by the aforementioned persons during 
normal business hours at the specified office of the Paying Agent.

--- Page 113 ---
112 
 
(h) Pursuant to the Trust Agreement, the Guarantor will pay the Trustee 
a remuneration in connection with the exercise of the Trustee’s 
obligations stipulated therein, which remuneration will be agreed 
separately between the Trustee and the Guarantor. 
 
(3) Negative Pledge of the Issuer. So long as the Instruments remain 
outstanding, but only up to the time at which all amounts of principal and 
interest in respect of the instruments have been placed at the disposal of the 
Fiscal Agent, the Issuer undertakes not to create or permit to subsist any 
mortgage, land charge, lien or other security right in rem (dingliches 
Sicherungsrecht) over any part or all of its present or future domestic assets, 
as security for any other Capital Market Issue (as defined below) without at the 
same time, or prior thereto, securing the Instruments equally and ratably 
therewith. 
 
This undertaking shall not apply in relation to security rights which are 
required by law or by an authority or those provided by the Issuer over any 
claims of the Issuer against any of its associated enterprises within the 
meaning of Sections 15 et seq. of the German Stock Corporation Act 
(Aktiengesetz) or any third party, which claims exist now or arise at any time in 
the future, as a result of the passing on of the proceeds from the sale by the 
Issuer of any securities. This undertaking shall also not apply with respect to 
security rights provided in connection with any issuance of asset backed 
securities by the Issuer. The same applies, with respect to security provided in 
respect of any issuance of asset backed securities made by a special purpose 
vehicle where the Issuer is the originator of the underlying assets. 
 
“Capital Market Issue” means each obligation of the Issuer with an 
original maturity of more than one year which is represented by debt securities 
which are, or are capable of being, listed or traded on a stock exchange or 
other recognized securities market (including without limitation, any over-the-
counter market). 
 
(4) Negative Pledge of the Guarantor. Pursuant to the Guarantee, the 
Guarantor has undertaken, for so long as the Instruments remain outstanding, 
but only up to the time at which all amounts of principal and interest in respect 
of the Instruments have been placed at the disposal of the Fiscal Agent, not to 
grant any land charge or any other security right in rem (dingliches 
Sicherungsrecht) over its real estate located in the Federal Republic of 
Germany, as security for any International Bond Issue (as defined below), 
without at the same time, or prior thereto, securing the Guarantee equally and 
ratably therewith. 
 
“International Bond Issue” means any obligation of the Guarantor with 
an original maturity of more than one year, which is denominated or repayable 
in a currency or accounting unit other than the Euro, or any obligation of any 
of the Guarantor’s associated enterprises within the meaning of Sections 15 et 
seq. of the German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz) which is not resident 
(ansässig) in the Federal Republic of Germany with an original maturity of more 
than one year, and each represented by debt securities which are, or are 
capable of being, listed or traded on a stock exchange or other recognized 
securities market (including without limitation, any over-the-counter market). 
 
 
Where 
Instruments 
are 
issued by Siemens AG, the 
following applies: 
(2) Negative Pledge of the Issuer. For so long as any of the Instruments 
remain outstanding, but only up to the time at which all amounts of principal 
and interest in respect of the Instruments have been placed at the disposal of 
the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer undertakes not to grant any land charge or any 
other security right in rem (dingliches Sicherungsrecht) over its real estate 
located in the Federal Republic of Germany, as security for any International 
Bond Issue (as defined below), without at the same time, or prior thereto, 
securing the Instruments equally and ratably therewith.

--- Page 114 ---
113 
 
“International Bond Issue” means any obligation of the Issuer with an 
original maturity of more than one year, which is denominated or repayable in 
a currency or accounting unit other than the Euro, or any obligation of any of 
the Issuer’s associated enterprises within the meaning of Sections 15 et seq. 
of the German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz) which is not resident 
(ansässig) in the Federal Republic of Germany with an original maturity of more 
than one year, and each represented by debt securities which are, or are 
capable of being, listed or traded on a stock exchange or other recognized 
securities market (including without limitation, any over-the-counter market). 
 
 
 
Condition 3. 
INTEREST 
 
(1) Interest Payment Dates. 
 
(a) The Instruments shall bear interest on their principal amount from 
(and including) [Interest Commencement Date] (“Interest 
Commencement Date”) to (but excluding) the first Interest Payment 
Date and thereafter from (and including) each Interest Payment Date 
to (but excluding) the next following Interest Payment Date. Interest 
on the Instruments shall be payable in arrears on each Interest 
Payment Date. The Instruments shall cease to bear interest as from 
the expiry of the date immediately preceding the Maturity Date (as 
defined in condition 5(1)). 
 
(b) “Interest Payment Date” means 
 
[Where there are Specified Interest Payment Dates, the 
following applies: each [Specified Interest Payment Dates].] 
 
[Where there are Specified Interest Periods, the following 
applies: each date which (except as otherwise provided in these 
Terms and Conditions) falls [number] [weeks] [months] after the 
preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest 
Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date.] 
 
(c) If any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is 
not a Business Day (as defined below), it shall be 
 
[if using Modified Following Business Day Convention, the 
following applies: 
 
postponed to the next following Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month. In such event, the Interest 
Payment Date shall be the immediately preceding Business Day 
(“Modified Following Business Day Convention”).] 
 
[if using FRN Convention, the following applies: 
 
postponed to the next following Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month. In such event, the Interest 
Payment Date shall be the immediately preceding Business Day, 
and in the event of an interest payment, to the extent not otherwise 
provided by (i), (ii) or (iii) below, each subsequent Interest Payment 
Date shall be the day that numerically corresponds to the preceding 
Interest Payment Date in the calendar month that falls [number] 
[months] after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case 
of the first Interest Payment Date, the Interest Commencement Date. 
To the extent that (i) there is not any such numerically corresponding 
day in the calendar month in which the relevant Interest Payment 
Date should occur, then the Interest Payment Date will be the last 
day that is a Business Day in that month. To the extent that (ii) the

--- Page 115 ---
114 
relevant Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day that is 
not a Business Day, then the Interest Payment Date will be the first 
following Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar 
month. In such case, the Interest Payment Date will be the 
immediately preceding day that is a Business Day. To the extent that 
(iii) the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date would occur on 
the last day in a calendar month that was a Business Day, then all 
subsequent applicable Interest Payment Dates prior to the Maturity 
Date (as defined in condition 5(1)) will be the last day that is a 
Business Day in the relevant calendar month that falls [number] 
[months] after the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date 
(“FRN Convention”).] 
 
[if using Following Business Day Convention, the following 
applies: 
 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day (“Following 
Business Day Convention”).] 
 
[if using Preceding Business Day Convention, the following 
applies: 
 
the immediately preceding Business Day (“Preceding Business 
Day Convention”).] 
 
(d) Business Day. “Business Day” means any day (other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) on which the Clearing System and [where 
the Specified Currency is Euro, the following applies: all relevant 
parts of the real time gross settlement system operated by the 
Eurosystem (“T2”), or any successor system are open to effect 
payments.] [where the Specified Currency is not Euro, the 
following applies: on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets are generally open for business in [relevant 
financial center(s)] and settle payments in the Specified Currency.] 
If 
the 
Offer 
Rate 
for 
deposits in the Specified 
Currency is EURIBOR, the 
following applies: 
(2) Rate of Interest. The rate of interest (“Rate of Interest”) for each 
Interest Period (as defined below) will, except as otherwise provided, be the 
offered interest rate quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for 
deposits in the Specified Currency (EURIBOR) for that Interest Period which 
appears on the Screen Page (as defined below) as of approximately 11:00 
a.m. (Brussels time) on the Interest Determination Date (as defined below) [if 
there is a Margin, the following applies: [plus] [minus] the Margin (as defined 
below)]. The Calculation Agent shall determine the Rate of Interest. 
 
“Interest Period” means in each case the period from (and including) the 
Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) the first Interest Payment 
Date and, as the case may be, from (and including) each Interest Payment 
Date to (but excluding) the next following Interest Payment Date. 
 
“Interest Determination Date” means the [first] [second] [number] T2 
Business Day [prior to the commencement] of the relevant Interest Period. 
 
“T2 Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on 
which all relevant areas of T2 are operational. 
 
[If there is a Margin, the following applies: 
 
“Margin” means [●] per cent per annum.]

--- Page 116 ---
115 
 
“Screen Page” means the LSEG screen page EURIBOR01 or the 
relevant successor page displayed by that service or any other service as may 
be nominated as the information vendor for the purposes of displaying rates or 
prices comparable to the relevant offered interest rate quotation. 
 
If the Screen Page is not available or if no such offered interest rate 
quotation appears at the specified time and provided that no Suspension Event 
has occurred, the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be the 
offered interest rate quotation on the Screen Page on the last T2 Business Day 
preceding the Interest Determination Date on which such offered interest rate 
quotation was offered [if there is a Margin, the following applies: [plus] 
[minus] the Margin]. 
 
 
If the Reference Rate is 
SOFR, 
the 
following 
applies: 
(2) Rate of Interest. The rate of interest (“Rate of Interest”) for each 
Interest Period (as defined below) will, except as otherwise provided below, be 
the Compounded SOFR (as defined below) calculated for the relevant Interest 
Period in accordance with the formula below on the Interest Determination 
Date (as defined below) [if there is a Margin, the following applies: [plus] 
[minus] the Margin (as defined below)]. The Calculation Agent shall determine 
the Rate of Interest. 
 
“Interest Period” means in each case the period from (and including) the 
Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) the first Interest Payment 
Date and, as the case may be, from (and including) each Interest Payment 
Date to (but excluding) the next following Interest Payment Date. 
 
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to any Interest 
Period and the Interest Payment Date immediately following such Interest 
Period, the day falling [5] [number] U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days before such Interest Payment Date. 
 
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” means any day except for 
a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial 
Markets Association (or any successor) recommends that the fixed income 
departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading 
in U.S. government securities. 
 
[If there is a Margin, the following applies: 
 
“Margin” means [●] per cent per annum.] 
 
“SOFR” means the Secured Overnight Financing Rate as provided by the 
SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrator’s Website. 
 
“SOFR Administrator” means Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a 
successor administrator of SOFR). 
 
“SOFR Administrator’s Website” means the website of the SOFR 
Administrator, or any successor source, including a website of a successor 
administrator of SOFR. 
 
“Compounded SOFR means, with respect to any Interest Period, the 
rate calculated in accordance with the following formula, and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-
thousandth of a percentage point (0.00001%) with 0.000005% being rounded 
upwards: 
( 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡
−1) x 360
𝑑𝑐
 
 
“dc” 
means the actual number of calendar 
days from, and including, SOFR

--- Page 117 ---
116 
IndexStart to, but excluding, SOFR 
IndexEnd; 
 
“SOFR IndexEnd” 
means the SOFR Index value on the 
Interest Determination Date; 
 
“SOFR IndexStart” 
means the SOFR Index value on the 
day which is [5] [number] U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business 
Days preceding the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period; 
 
“SOFR Index” 
means 
with 
respect 
to 
any 
U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day, the SOFR Index value as 
published by the SOFR Administrator 
on the SOFR Administrator’s Website 
at the SOFR Index Determination 
Time on such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day;  
 
“SOFR Index Determination Time” 
means 3:00 p.m. (New York time) or 
such other time set for publication of 
the SOFR Index by the SOFR 
Administrator; 
 
If, in respect of any Interest Determination Date, the Calculation Agent 
determines that a SOFR IndexStart or SOFR IndexEnd is not published on the 
SOFR Administrator’s Website and provided a Benchmark Transition Event 
and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have not occurred with respect 
to SOFR, “Compounded SOFR” means for the relevant Interest Period for 
which any such value is not available, the rate of return on a daily compounded 
interest investment calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, 
to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (0.00001%) with 
0.000005% being rounded upwards). 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑𝑏
𝑖=1
] × 360
𝑑𝑐
 
 
“db” 
for any Observation Period, is the 
number 
of 
U.S. 
Government 
Securities Business Days in the 
relevant Observation Period; 
 
“dc” 
means the actual number of calendar 
days in the applicable Observation 
Period; 
 
“Observation Period” 
means in respect of the relevant 
Interest Period, the period from and 
including the date [5] [number] U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business 
Days preceding the first date in such 
Interest Period to but excluding the 
Interest Determination Date in respect 
of such Interest Period; 
 
“SOFRi” 
means, for any U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day “i” in the 
relevant Observation Period, is equal 
to SOFR in respect of that day “i”;

--- Page 118 ---
117 
 
“ni” 
for any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day “i” in the relevant 
Observation Period, is the number of 
calendar days for which SOFRi 
applies, from, and including, such 
U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day “i” to, but excluding, the following 
U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day (“i+1”); 
 
“i” 
is a series of whole numbers from one 
to, 
and 
including, 
db, 
each 
representing 
the 
relevant 
U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day 
in chronological order from, and 
including, the first U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day in the 
relevant Observation Period to, and 
including, the last U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day in such 
Observation Period; 
 
If SOFRi is not published on the SOFR Administrator’s Website for any 
day “i” in the Observation Period, and provided a Benchmark Transition Event 
and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have not occurred with respect 
to SOFR, SOFRi for such day “i” shall be SOFR published in respect of the last 
published on a U.S. Government Securities Business Day on the SOFR 
Administrator’s Website. 
 
(3) Benchmark Transition Event. If the Issuer determines on or prior to 
the relevant Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred in respect of any determination 
of the Benchmark on any date, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the 
then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Instruments in respect 
of such determination on such date and for all determinations on all 
subsequent dates. 
 
In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the 
Issuer (in consultation with the Calculation Agent) will have the right to make 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time. 
 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer 
pursuant to this condition 3(3) including a decision on any Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes, a determination with respect to a tenor, 
rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, 
circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action 
or any selection: 
 
(i) 
will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error; 
 
(ii) 
will be made in the Issuer’s reasonable discretion (billiges 
Ermessen) pursuant to Section 315 of the German Civil Code (Bürgerliches 
Gesetzbuch); and 
 
(iii) 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Terms and 
Conditions, shall become effective without consent from the Holders or any 
other party. 
 
The Issuer will notify the Calculation Agent of any such determinations 
prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date. The Issuer will then notify the 
Holders pursuant to condition 12. 
 
Should the Issuer fail to notify the Calculation Agent pursuant to the 
above paragraph 5 Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Determination

--- Page 119 ---
118 
Date, the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be the Rate of 
Interest applicable to the previous Interest Period. 
 
“Benchmark” means, initially, Compounded SOFR, as such term is 
defined above. Provided that if the Issuer determines on or prior to the 
Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred with respect to Compounded SOFR (or the 
published daily SOFR used in the calculation thereof) or the then-current 
Benchmark, 
then 
“Benchmark” 
means 
the 
applicable 
Benchmark 
Replacement. 
 
“Benchmark Replacement” means the first alternative set forth in the 
order below that can be determined by the Issuer (in consultation with the 
Calculation Agent) as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
 
(i) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been 
selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the 
replacement for the then-current Benchmark and (b) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment; or 
 
(ii) 
the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment; or 
 
(iii) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been 
selected by the Issuer as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark 
giving due consideration to any industry-accepted rate of interest as a 
replacement for the then-current Benchmark for U.S. Dollar-denominated 
floating rate instruments at such time and (b) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment. 
 
“Benchmark Replacement Adjustment” means the first alternative set 
forth in the order below that can be determined by the Issuer as of the 
Benchmark Replacement Date: 
 
(i) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining 
such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) 
that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body 
for the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement; or 
 
(ii) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is 
equivalent to the ISDA Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or 
 
(iii) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative 
value or zero) that has been selected by the Issuer giving due consideration to 
any industry-accepted spread adjustment, or method for calculating or 
determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current 
Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. 
Dollar-denominated floating rate instrument at such time. 
 
“Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes” means, with respect 
to any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational 
changes (including changes to the definition of the Interest Period, timing and 
frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, rounding of 
amounts or tenors, and other administrative matters) that the Issuer (in 
consultation with the Calculation Agent) decides may be appropriate to reflect 
the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially 
consistent with market practice (or, if the Issuer (in consultation with the 
Calculation Agent) decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice 
is not administratively feasible or if the Issuer (in consultation with the 
Calculation Agent) determines that no market practice for use of the 
Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as the Issuer (in 
consultation with the Calculation Agent) determines is reasonably necessary).

--- Page 120 ---
119 
 
“Benchmark Replacement Date” means the earliest to occur of the 
following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the 
daily published component used in the calculation thereof): 
 
(i) 
in the case of conditions (i) or (ii) of the definition of “Benchmark 
Transition Event”, the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication 
of information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator 
of the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark 
(or such component); or 
 
(ii) 
in the case of condition (iii) of the definition of “Benchmark 
Transition Event”, the date of the public statement or publication of information 
referenced therein. 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark 
Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference 
Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will 
be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such 
determination. 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, for purposes of the definitions of Benchmark 
Replacement Date and Benchmark Transition Event, references to Benchmark 
also include any reference rate underlying such Benchmark. 
 
“Benchmark Transition Event” means the occurrence of one or more of 
the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the 
daily published component used in the calculation thereof): 
 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf 
of the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) announcing that 
such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue 
to provide the Benchmark (or such component); 
 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark (or such 
component), the central bank for the currency of the Benchmark (or such 
component), an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for 
the Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction 
over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an 
entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for 
the Benchmark, which states that the administrator of the Benchmark (or such 
component) has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue 
to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or 
 
(iii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark announcing that 
the Benchmark is no longer representative. 
 
“ISDA” means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
 
“ISDA Definitions” means the latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest 
Rate Derivatives Definitions (including each Matrix (and any successor matrix 
thereto), as defined in such 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions) 
as at the date of issue of the first tranche of Instruments of this series, as 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association on its 
website (www.isda.org). 
 
“ISDA Fallback Adjustment” means the spread adjustment (which may 
be a positive or negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives 
transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be determined upon the

--- Page 121 ---
120 
occurrence of an index cessation event as per the ISDA Definitions with 
respect to the Benchmark. 
 
“ISDA Fallback Rate” means the rate that would apply for derivatives 
transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the 
occurrence of an index cessation effective date as per the ISDA Definitions 
with respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable 
ISDA Fallback Adjustment. 
 
“Reference Time” with respect to any determination of the Benchmark 
means (i) if the Benchmark is Compounded SOFR, the SOFR Index 
Determination Time, and (ii) if the Benchmark is not Compounded SOFR, the 
time determined by the Issuer after giving effect to the Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes. 
 
“Relevant Governmental Body” means the Federal Reserve Board 
and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially 
endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto. 
 
“Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement” means the Benchmark 
Replacement excluding the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
 
 
If the Reference Rate is 
SONIA, 
the 
following 
applies: 
(2) Rate of Interest. The rate of interest (“Rate of Interest”) for each 
Interest Period (as defined below) will, except as otherwise provided below, be 
the Compounded SONIA (as defined below) calculated for the relevant Interest 
Period in accordance with the formula below on the Interest Determination 
Date (as defined below) [if there is a Margin, the following applies: [plus] 
[minus] the Margin (as defined below)]. The Calculation Agent shall determine 
the Rate of Interest. 
 
“Interest Period” means in each case the period from (and including) the 
Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) the first Interest Payment 
Date and, as the case may be, from (and including) each Interest Payment 
Date to (but excluding) the next following Interest Payment Date. 
 
“Interest Determination Date” means the date [5] [number] London 
Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for the relevant Interest 
Period (or the date falling [5] [number] London Business Days prior to the date 
fixed for redemption, if any). 
 
“London Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) 
on which commercial banks in London are open for business (including 
dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency); 
 
[If there is a Margin, the following applies: 
 
“Margin” means [●] per cent per annum.] 
 
“Screen Page” means [relevant screen page] or the relevant successor 
page displayed by that service or any other service as may be nominated as 
the information vendor for the purposes of displaying rates or prices 
comparable to the relevant offered reference rate. 
 
“SONIA” means the Sterling Overnight Index Average. 
 
“SONIA Reference Rate” means, in respect of any London Business 
Day, a reference rate equal to the SONIA rate for such London Business Day 
as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorized distributors and as 
published on the Screen Page or, if the Screen Page is unavailable, as 
otherwise published by authorized distributors (on the London Business Day 
immediately following such London Business Day).

--- Page 122 ---
121 
 
“Compounded SONIA” will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on 
the Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will 
be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one ten-thousandth of a percentage 
point (0.0001 per cent) with 0.00005 per cent being rounded upwards: 
( 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡
−1) x 365
𝑑 
 
“d” 
means the number of calendar days 
from, 
and 
including, 
SONIA 
Compounded 
IndexStart 
to, 
but 
excluding, 
SONIA 
Compounded 
IndexEnd; 
 
“SONIA Compounded IndexEnd” 
means the SONIA Compounded 
Index Value on the day which is [5] 
[number] London Business Days 
preceding the Interest Payment Date 
relating to the relevant Interest Period 
(or if the Instruments are redeemed 
early, the date falling [5] [number] 
London Business Days prior to the 
date fixed for redemption) (an “Index 
Determination Date”); 
 
“SONIA Compounded IndexStart” 
means the SONIA Compounded 
Index Value on the day which is [5] 
[number] London Business Days 
preceding the first day of the relevant 
Interest 
Period 
(an 
“Index 
Determination Date”) 
 
“SONIA Compounded Index Value” 
means, in respect of an Index 
Determination 
Date, 
the 
value 
published or displayed as “SONIA 
Compounded Index Value” by the 
administrator of the SONIA Reference 
Rate or by another information vendor 
from time to time at 12.30 p.m. 
(London 
time) 
on 
such 
Index 
Determination Date.  
 
If, in respect of any Index Determination Date, the Calculation Agent 
determines that the SONIA Compounded Index Value is not available or has 
not otherwise been published or displayed by the administrator of the SONIA 
Reference Rate or by another information vendor, as the case may be, 
“Compounded SONIA” for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest Determination Date on the basis of 
GBP-SONIA-COMPOUND.  
 
“GBP-SONIA-COMPOUND” will be calculated by the Calculation Agent 
for the relevant Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following 
formula (as the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment, it being 
understood that the reference rate for the calculation of interest is the SONIA 
Reference Rate), and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, 
to the nearest one ten-thousandth of a percentage point (0.0001 per cent) with 
0.00005 per cent being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
365
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
] × 365
𝑑

--- Page 123 ---
122 
 
“d0” 
means 
the 
number 
of 
London 
Business 
Days 
in 
the 
relevant 
Calculation Period; 
 
“Calculation Period” 
means the period from, and including, 
the Index Determination Date for 
SONIA Compounded IndexStart for the 
relevant 
Interest 
Period 
to, 
but 
excluding, the Index Determination 
Date 
for 
SONIA 
Compounded 
IndexEnd for the relevant Interest 
Period; 
 
“i” 
means a series of whole numbers 
from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant London Business Days in 
chronological 
order 
from, 
and 
including, the first London Business 
Day in the relevant Calculation 
Period; 
 
“SONIAi” 
means, for any day “i” in the relevant 
Calculation Period, a reference rate 
equal to the daily SONIA Reference 
Rate; 
 
“ni” 
means the number of calendar days 
in the relevant Calculation Period on 
which the rate is SONIAi; 
 
“d” 
means the number of calendar days 
in the relevant Calculation Period. 
 
If the SONIA Reference Rate is not published on a London Business Day 
in the relevant Calculation Period, the Calculation Agent will determine such 
SONIA Reference Rate in respect of such London Business Day as being a 
rate equal to the SONIA Reference Rate in respect of the last London Business 
Day for which such rate was published by the authorized distributors of the 
SONIA Reference Rate. 
 
If, on any London Business Day following such London Business Day, 
the Calculation Agent determines that the SONIA Reference Rate is still not 
available or has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorized 
distributors, the Calculation Agent will determine such SONIA Reference Rate 
in respect of each such London Business Day as being the rate (inclusive of 
any spreads or adjustments) recommended as the replacement for the SONIA 
Reference Rate by (i) the administrator of SONIA (if the administrator of SONIA 
is the Bank of England or a successor national central bank), or otherwise (ii) 
a committee or other body officially endorsed or convened by one or both of 
the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Financial Conduct Authority and the 
Prudential Regulation Authority themselves) (or, in each case, any successor 
thereto) (which rate may be produced by the Bank of England or another 
administrator) and as provided or published by the administrator of that rate or, 
if that rate is not provided or published by the administrator thereof (or a 
successor administrator), as provided or published by an authorized distributor 
(the “GBP Recommended Rate”). 
 
If, in respect of any London Business Day in the relevant Calculation 
Period, the Calculation Agent determines that no GBP Recommended Rate 
exists or is published, the Calculation Agent will determine the SONIA 
Reference Rate in respect of any London Business Day in respect of which the 
GBP Recommended Rate would otherwise have applied as being: (i) the Bank

--- Page 124 ---
123 
of England’s Bank Rate (the “Bank Rate”) prevailing at close of business on 
such London Business Day; plus (ii) the mean of the spread of the SONIA 
reference rate to the Bank Rate over the previous [5] [number] London 
Business Days on which a SONIA Reference Rate has been published, 
excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest spread, one 
only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one 
lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate. 
 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance 
with the foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent, the Rate of Interest 
shall be (i) that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate 
of Interest which would have been applicable to such Instruments for the first 
Interest Period had the Instruments been in issue for a period equal in duration 
to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date. 
 
The determination of the Rate of Interest in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions shall be made by the Calculation Agent. 
 
 
If 
the 
Offer 
Rate 
for 
deposits in the Specified 
Currency is EURIBOR, the 
following applies: 
(3) Suspension Event. 
 
(a) If the Issuer determines (in consultation with the Calculation Agent) 
that a Suspension Event has occurred on or prior to an Interest Determination 
Date, the offered interest rate quotation for the Interest Period following the 
Interest Determination Date and each subsequent Interest Period (unless a 
new Suspension Event occurs thereafter) shall be replaced by the 
Replacement Offered Interest Rate (as defined below), adjusted, if necessary, 
by any Adjustment Spread (as defined below). The Terms and Conditions shall 
be amended by the Adjustments (as defined below) with effect from the 
relevant Interest Determination Date (including any amendment of such 
Interest Determination Date if so provided by the Adjustments). The Issuer will 
notify the Holders of the Replacement Offered Interest Rate, any Adjustment 
Spread and the Adjustments pursuant to condition 12. 
 
(b) If a Replacement Offered Interest Rate referred to in paragraph (a) is 
not available before or on an Interest Determination Date, the Issuer, in 
consultation with the Independent Advisor (as defined below), will determine 
the Alternative Offered Interest Rate (as defined below) and any Alternative 
Adjustment Spread (as defined below) and inform the Calculation Agent 
thereof 5 Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date. In 
such case, the offered interest rate quotation shall be replaced by the 
Alternative Offered Interest Rate for the Interest Period following the Interest 
Determination Date and each subsequent Interest Period (unless a new 
Suspension Event occurs thereafter), adjusted, if necessary, by any Alternative 
Adjustment Spread. The Terms and Conditions shall be amended by the 
Adjustments with effect from the relevant Interest Determination Date 
(including any amendment of such Interest Determination Date if so provided 
by the Adjustments). The Issuer will notify the Holders of the Alternative 
Offered Interest Rate, any Alternative Adjustment Spread and the Adjustments 
pursuant to condition 12. 
 
(c) If a Replacement Offered Interest Rate is not available pursuant to 
paragraph (a) and the Issuer does not appoint an Independent Advisor before 
an Interest Determination Date or if an Alternative Offered Interest Rate cannot 
be determined pursuant to paragraph (b) above or the Calculation Agent is not 
informed at least 5 Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, the offered interest rate quotation for the Interest Period following the 
relevant Interest Determination Date shall be the offered interest rate quotation 
for the immediately preceding Interest Period. If the Offer Interest Rate is 
applied pursuant to this paragraph (c), condition 3 (3) shall be applied again

--- Page 125 ---
124 
for the determination of the Offer Interest Rate for the next subsequent Interest 
Period. 
 
“Suspension Event” means with respect to the offered interest rate 
quotation one of the following events: 
 
(a) the offered interest rate quotation has not been published on the 
Screen Page during the last ten Business Days prior to and including the 
relevant Interest Determination Date; or 
 
(b) a public announcement by the administrator of the offered interest 
rate quotation, the regulatory supervisor responsible for the administrator or 
the central bank responsible for the Specified Currency that the administrator 
of the offered interest rate quotation has suspended or will suspend 
permanently or indefinitely the calculation and/or publication of the offered 
interest rate quotation (if at the time of such announcement no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue the calculation and/or 
publication of the offered interest rate quotation); or 
 
(c) a public announcement by the administrator of the offered interest rate 
quotation, the regulatory supervisor responsible for the administrator or the 
central bank responsible for the Specified Currency that the offered interest 
rate quotation will be permanently or indefinitely suspended; or 
 
(d) a public announcement by the administrator of the offered interest 
rate quotation, the regulatory supervisor responsible for the administrator or 
the central bank responsible for the Specified Currency that there will be a 
material change in the methodology of determining the offered interest rate 
quotation; or 
 
(e) a public announcement by the administrator of the offered interest 
rate quotation, the regulatory supervisor responsible for the administrator or 
the central bank responsible for the Specified Currency that the offered interest 
rate is no longer representative; or 
 
(f) a public announcement by the administrator of the offered interest rate 
quotation, by the regulatory supervisor responsible for the administrator or by 
the central bank responsible for the Specified Currency that the use of the 
offered interest rate quotation is generally prohibited; or 
 
(g) the publication by the Issuer of a notice pursuant to condition 12 that 
the use of the offered interest rate quotation to calculate the Interest Rate has 
become unlawful for the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any Paying Agent. 
 
“Replacement Offered Interest Rate” means a successor or 
replacement of the offered interest rate quotation officially recommended by 
the Nominating Body. 
 
“Adjustment Spread” means the difference (positive or negative) or the 
result of the application of a formula or methodology to determine such 
difference that is officially recommended by the Nominating Body in connection 
with the replacement of the offered interest rate quotation by the Replacement 
Offered Interest Rate. 
 
“Adjustments” means the amendments to the Terms and Conditions 
(i) in the case of a Replacement Offered Interest Rate, as determined by the 
Issuer in consultation with the Calculation Agent, and (ii) in the case of an 
Alternative Offered Interest Rate, as determined by the Issuer in consultation 
with the Independent Advisor, being necessary to ensure the proper 
application of the Replacement Offered Interest Rate and the Adjustment 
Spread or the proper application of the Alternative Offered Interest Rate and 
the Alternative Adjustment Spread. The Adjustments may cover, inter alia, 
provisions relating to the applicable Business Day Convention, the definitions

--- Page 126 ---
125 
of the terms “Screen Page”, “Business Day”, “Interest Payment Date”, “Interest 
Period”, “Day Count Fraction” and/or “Interest Determination Date” (including 
the determination of whether the offered interest rate quotation is determined 
on a forward looking or backward looking basis) and any methodology or 
definition for obtaining or calculating the Replacement Offered Interest Rate or 
the Alternative Offered Interest Rate. 
 
“Nominating Body” means (1) the central bank for the currency in which 
the offered interest rate quotation is presented or a central bank or other 
regulatory supervisor responsible for the supervision of the administrator of the 
offered interest rate quotation; or (2) any working group or committee assisted, 
co-chaired or endorsed by (a) the central bank for the currency in which the 
offered interest rate quotation is denominated, (b) any central bank or other 
regulatory supervisor responsible for the supervision of the administrator of the 
offered interest rate quotation, (c) any group of the aforementioned central 
banks or other regulatory supervisors, or (d) the Financial Stability Board or 
any part thereof. 
 
“Independent Advisor” means an independent financial institution of 
international reputation or another independent financial advisor with 
experience in international capital markets in each case appointed by the 
Issuer on commercially reasonable terms and with reasonable efforts. 
 
“Alternative Offered Interest Rate” means a publicly available 
alternative offered interest rate quotation that is intended to allow financial 
instruments or contracts, such as, but not limited to, debt securities, to use 
such alternative offered interest rate quotation for determining floating rates of 
interest (or related interest components) in the Specified Currency. 
 
“Alternative Adjustment Spread” means the difference (which may be 
positive or negative) or the result of the application of a formula or methodology 
for calculating such a difference to be applied to the Alternative Offered Interest 
Rate as determined by the Issuer in consultation with the Independent Advisor, 
to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably possible, any shift in the 
economic value between the Issuer and the Holders which would arise without 
such adjustment as a result of the replacement of the offered interest rate 
quotation by the Alternative Offered Interest Rate (including, but not limited to, 
that the Alternative Offered Interest Rate is a risk-free rate). 
 
[(4)] Interest Amount. The Calculation Agent will, on, or, if this is not 
feasible as soon as practicable after, each time at which the Rate of Interest is 
to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest and calculate the amount of 
interest (“Interest Amount”) payable on the Instruments for the relevant 
Interest Period. Each Interest Amount shall be calculated by applying the Rate 
of Interest and the Day Count Fraction (as defined below) to the principal 
amount of the Instruments. The resultant figure shall be rounded up or down 
to the nearest unit of the Specified Currency, with 0.5 of such unit being 
rounded upwards. 
 
[(5)] Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amount. The Calculation 
Agent will cause the Rate of Interest, each Interest Amount for each Interest 
Period, each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be 
notified to the Issuer [where Instruments are issued by SFM or SCC, the 
following applies: and the Guarantor] and to the Holders in accordance with 
condition 12 as soon as possible after their determination, but in no event later 
than the fourth Business Day thereafter and, if required by the rules of any 
stock exchange on which the Instruments are listed at such time, to such stock 
exchange as soon as possible after their determination, but in no event later 
than the first day of the relevant Interest Period. Each Interest Amount and 
Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without 
notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any 
such amendment will be promptly notified to any stock exchange on which the

--- Page 127 ---
126 
Instruments are then listed, if the rules of such stock exchange so require, and 
to the Holders in accordance with condition 12. 
 
[(6)] Determinations Binding. All certificates, communications, opinions, 
determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions given, expressed, made 
or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this condition 3 by the 
Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the 
Issuer, [where Instruments are issued by SFM or SCC, the following 
applies: the Guarantor,] the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and the Holders. 
 
[(7)] Accrual of Interest. If the Issuer fails to redeem the Instruments when 
due, interest shall continue to accrue on the outstanding principal amount of 
the Instruments from (and including) the due date until (but excluding) the date 
of actual payment to the Clearing System at the rate referred to in 
condition 3(2) for the preceding Interest Period plus one percentage point. 
 
[(8)] Day Count Fraction. “Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the 
calculation of an amount of interest on any Instrument for any period of time 
(“Calculation Period”): 
If using Actual/365 (Fixed), 
the following applies: 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365. 
 
 
If using Actual/360, the 
following applies: 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360. 
 
 
If using 30/360, 360/360 or 
Bond-Basis, the following 
applies: 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, the number 
of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day 
months. Except this does not apply where (a) the last day of the Calculation 
Period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the Calculation Period is 
a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month. In such case, the month that 
includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day 
month. Furthermore, this does not apply where (b) the last day of the 
Calculation Period is the last day of the month of February. In such case, the 
month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month. 
If 
using 
30E/360 
or 
Eurobond-Basis, 
the 
following applies: 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360. The number 
of days is to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-
day months, without regard to the date of the first day or last day of the 
Calculation Period. Except this does not apply, where, in the case of the final 
Calculation Period, the Maturity Date is the last day of the month of February. 
In such case, the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened 
to a 30-day month. 
 
 
 
Condition 4. 
PAYMENTS 
 
(1) (a) 
Payment of Principal. Payment of principal on the Instruments 
shall be made, subject to condition 4(2) below, to the Clearing System or (if 
applicable) to its order for credit to the accounts of the relevant account holders of 
the Clearing System. 
 
(b) Payment of Interest. Payment of interest on Instruments shall be 
made, subject to condition 4(2) below, to the Clearing System or (if applicable) 
to its order for credit to the relevant account holders of the Clearing System. 
 
[In the case of a Temporary Global Instrument, the following applies: 
 
Payment of interest on Instruments represented by a Temporary Global 
Instrument shall be made, subject to condition 4(2) below, to the Clearing 
System or (if applicable) to its order for credit to the relevant account holders 
of the Clearing System. Payment of interest will only be made on the 
Instruments upon due certification as provided in condition 1(3)(b).]

--- Page 128 ---
127 
 
(2) Manner of Payment. Subject to applicable fiscal and other laws and 
regulations, payments of amounts due in respect of the Instruments shall be 
made in the Specified Currency. 
 
(3) United States of America. For the purposes of these Terms and 
Conditions, “United States” means the United States of America (including the 
States thereof and the District of Columbia) and its territories (including Puerto 
Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island and 
Northern Mariana Islands). 
 
(4) Discharge. The Issuer [where Instruments are issued by SFM or 
SCC, the following applies: or, as the case may be, the Guarantor] shall be 
discharged from its duty of payment by making payment to, or to the order of, 
the Clearing System. 
 
(5) Payment Business Day. If the due date for payment of any amount in 
respect of any Instrument is not a Payment Business Day (as defined below), 
then the Holder shall not be entitled to payment until the next such Payment 
Business Day in the relevant place of business. In that case, the Holders have 
no right to further interest or other payments as a result of such delay. 
 
For these purposes, “Payment Business Day” means any day which is 
a Business Day. 
 
(6) References to Principal and Interest. Reference in these Terms and 
Conditions to principal in respect of the Instruments shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable, the following amounts: the Redemption Amount of the 
Instruments; the Early Redemption Amount of the Instruments[;] [if early 
redemption possible at the option of the Issuer the following applies: the 
Optional Early Redemption Amount of the Instruments] and any premium and 
any other amounts which may be payable under or in respect of the 
Instruments. Reference in these Terms and Conditions to interest in respect of 
the Instruments shall be deemed to include, as applicable, any Additional 
Amounts which may be payable under condition 7. 
 
(7) Deposits of Principal and Interest. The Issuer may deposit with the 
local court (Amtsgericht) in Munich, Federal Republic of Germany, principal or 
interest not claimed by Holders within twelve months after the due date, even 
though such Holders may not be in default of acceptance of payment. To the 
extent that such a deposit is made and the right of withdrawal is waived, the 
respective claims of such Holders against the Issuer shall cease. 
 
(8) No Default. To the extent legally permissible, the Issuer shall not be 
in default with its payment obligation under the Instruments to the extent 
payment to, or to the order of, the Clearing System is not effected due to a law 
or regulation provided that the Issuer cannot effect payment to, or to the order 
of, the Clearing System by reasonable means. For the avoidance of doubt, in 
no event shall the Issuer be obligated to pay directly to any Holder. 
 
Condition 5. 
REDEMPTION 
 
(1) Redemption at Final Maturity. Unless previously redeemed in whole 
or in part or purchased and cancelled, the Instruments shall be redeemed at 
their Redemption Amount on the Interest Payment Date falling in [Redemption 
Month] (“Maturity Date”). 
 
The “Redemption Amount” in respect of each Instrument shall be the 
Specified Denomination of the Instrument. 
 
(2) Early Redemption for Taxation Reasons. Should the Issuer [where 
Instruments are issued by SFM or SCC, the following applies: and/or the

--- Page 129 ---
128 
Guarantor], as a result of any Tax Law Change (as defined below) be, or 
become, required to pay Additional Amounts (as defined in condition 7) on the 
occasion of the next payment due under the Instruments, the Instruments may 
be terminated early, in whole but not in part, at the option of the Issuer [where 
Instruments are issued by SFM or SCC, the following applies: and/or the 
Guarantor], on giving no less than 30 days, and no more than 60 days’ notice 
to the Holders. 
 
The Instruments shall be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount 
(as defined below), together with interest (if any) accrued to (but excluding) the 
Business Day fixed for redemption. 
 
No such right exists where the payment of Additional Amounts can be 
avoided by use of reasonable measures available to the Issuer [where 
Instruments are issued by SFM or SCC, the following applies: and/or the 
Guarantor.] 
 
A “Tax Law Change” is 
 
(i) 
any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations regarding 
taxes or levies of the Federal Republic of Germany [where 
Instruments are issued by SFM, the following applies: or The 
Netherlands] [where Instruments are issued by SCC, the 
following applies: or the United States] or any political subdivision 
or taxing authority thereof or therein, or 
 
(ii) any change in, or amendment to, the application or the official 
interpretation, of such laws or regulations, or 
 
(iii) any change or amendment of action and/or decision taken by any 
taxing authority, or any court of competent jurisdiction of the Federal 
Republic of Germany [where Instruments are issued by SFM, the 
following applies: or The Netherlands] [where Instruments are 
issued by SCC, the following applies: or the United States] or any 
political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein, whether or 
not such action and/or decision was taken or brought in connection 
with the Issuer [where Instruments are issued by SFM or SCC, 
the following applies: or the Guarantor], or 
 
(iv) any officially proposed change, 
amendment, reformulation, 
application, interpretation or enforcement of law or any rulings or 
regulations promulgated thereunder in respect of the laws of the 
Federal Republic of Germany [where Instruments are issued by 
SFM, the following applies: or The Netherlands] [where 
Instruments are issued by SCC, the following applies: or the 
United States] or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof 
or therein. 
 
The termination is conditional on such change, amendment, 
reformulation, application, interpretation or execution coming into effect on or 
after the date on which the Instruments were issued. 
 
However, such termination may not be made 
 
(i) 
earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer 
[where Instruments are issued by SFM or SCC, the following 
applies: and/or the Guarantor] would be obligated to pay such 
Additional Amounts, were a payment in respect of the Instruments 
then to be due, or 
 
(ii) if at the time such notice is given, the obligation to pay such 
Additional Amounts no longer exists.

--- Page 130 ---
129 
 
The date fixed for redemption must be an Interest Payment Date. 
 
The notice is to be given in accordance with condition 12. It shall be 
irrevocable, must specify the date fixed for redemption and must set forth a 
summary statement of the circumstances entitling the Issuer [where 
Instruments are issued by SFM or SCC, the following applies: and/or the 
Guarantor] to terminate. 
If 
the 
Instruments 
are 
subject 
to 
an 
early 
redemption at the Option of 
the Issuer upon Minimal 
Outstanding 
Aggregate 
Principal 
Amount, 
the 
following applies: 
(3) Early Redemption of the Instruments upon Minimal Outstanding 
Aggregate Principal Amount. Should the Issuer [where Instruments are 
issued by SFM or SCC, the following applies:, the Guarantor or an 
enterprise associated therewith within the meaning of Sections 15 et seq. of 
the German Stock Corporation Act (§§ 15 ff. Aktiengesetz)] have acquired 
Instruments with an aggregate principal amount of 75 per cent or more of the 
original aggregate principal amount and these Instruments have been 
cancelled, the remaining outstanding Instruments may be terminated early, in 
whole, but not in part, by the Issuer on giving no less than 30 days, and no 
more than 60 days’ notice to the Holders. 
 
The Instruments shall be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount 
(as defined below), together with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
Business Day fixed for redemption. 
 
 
If 
the 
Instruments 
are 
subject 
to 
an 
early 
redemption at the Option of 
the Issuer, the following 
applies: 
[(4)] Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer. 
(a) The Issuer may, in accordance with (b) (below), terminate and 
redeem the Instruments in whole or in part on the Interest Payment 
Date following [number] years after the Interest Commencement 
Date and on each Interest Payment Date thereafter (each a 
“Optional Redemption Date (Call)”) at the Optional Early 
Redemption Amount together with accrued interest, if any, to the 
respective Optional Redemption Date (Call) (exclusive). The 
optional early redemption amount (“Optional Early Redemption 
Amount”) of an Instrument shall be its Redemption Amount. 
 
(b) Notice of termination shall be given by the Issuer to the Holders in 
accordance with condition 12. Such notice shall specify: 
 
(i) 
the Series of Instruments subject to redemption; 
 
(ii) whether such Series is to be redeemed in whole or in part only 
and, if in part only, the aggregate principal amount of the 
Instruments which are to be redeemed; 
 
(iii) the Optional Redemption Date (Call), which shall begin not less 
than 30 days nor more than 60 days after the date on which the 
Issuer exercises its termination right. 
 
[Where Instruments are issued in new global note form, the following 
applies: 
 
(c) If the Instruments are to be redeemed in part only, the partial 
redemption shall be reflected in the records of the ICSDs, at their 
discretion, either as a pool factor or as a reduction in the aggregate 
principal amount.] 
 
[Where Instruments are issued in classical global note form, the following 
applies: 
 
(c) If the Instruments are to be redeemed in part only, the Instruments 
to be redeemed shall be selected in accordance with the rules of the 
relevant Clearing System.]

--- Page 131 ---
130 
 
 
 
[(5)] Early Redemption Amount. For the purposes of condition 9 and 
condition 5(2) [and (3)] the early redemption amount of an Instrument shall be 
its Redemption Amount (“Early Redemption Amount”). 
 
Condition 6. 
THE FISCAL AGENT[,] [AND] THE PAYING AGENT[S] [AND THE  
CALCULATION AGENT] 
 
(1) Appointment; specified offices. The initial Fiscal Agent[,] [and] the 
Paying Agent[s] [and the Calculation Agent] and their respective specified 
offices are as follows: 
 
Fiscal Agent: 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
Paying Agent: 
[Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany] 
 
[other Paying Agent[s] and specified office[s]] 
If the Fiscal Agent is to be 
appointed as Calculation 
Agent, the 
following 
applies: 
The Fiscal Agent shall also act as Calculation Agent. 
If a Calculation Agent other 
than the Fiscal Agent is to 
be appointed, the following 
applies: 
Calculation Agent: [name and specified office] 
 
The Fiscal Agent[,] [and] the Paying Agent[s] [and the Calculation Agent] 
reserve the right at any time to change their respective specified offices to 
some other specified offices in the same country. 
 
(2) Variation or Termination of Appointment. The Issuer reserves the right 
at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent or any 
Paying Agent [or the Calculation Agent] and to appoint another Fiscal Agent or 
additional or other Paying Agents [or another Calculation Agent]. The Issuer 
shall at all times maintain [(i)] a Fiscal Agent and a Paying Agent [in the case 
of payments in U.S. Dollars, the following applies:, and (ii) if payments at 
or through the offices of all Paying Agents outside the United States (as defined 
in condition 4(3)) become illegal or are effectively precluded because of the 
imposition of exchange controls or similar restrictions on the full payment or 
receipt of such amounts in U.S. Dollars, a Paying Agent with a specified office 
in New York City or another office in the United States] [if a Calculation Agent 
is to be appointed, the following applies: and [(iii)] a Calculation Agent [if 
Calculation Agent is required to maintain a specified office in a Required 
Location, the following applies: with a specified office located in [insert 
Required Location]].] The Issuer shall notify the Holders without delay about 
any variation, termination, appointment or other change with respect to the 
Fiscal Agent[,] [and] the Paying Agent[s] [and the Calculation Agent] in 
accordance with condition 12. 
 
(3) Agents of the Issuer. The Fiscal Agent[,] [and] the Paying Agent[s] 
[and the Calculation Agent] act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not have 
any obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust with any Holder.

--- Page 132 ---
131 
 
Condition 7. 
TAXATION 
 
All amounts payable on the Instruments (whether principal or interest) 
shall be payable without deduction or withholding at source for or on account 
of any present or future taxes or other duties of any nature whatsoever 
imposed or charged by or on behalf of the Federal Republic of Germany 
[where Instruments issued by SFM insert: or The Netherlands] [where 
Instruments issued by SCC, insert: or the United States] or by or on of behalf 
of any political subdivision or authority thereof having the power to tax, unless 
such deduction or withholding is required by law. In such event, the Issuer shall 
pay such additional amounts (“Additional Amounts”) as may be necessary in 
order that the net amount received by the Holders after such deduction or 
withholding shall equal the respective amounts of principal and interest which 
would have been receivable by the Holders had no such deduction or 
withholding been required. No such Additional Amounts shall, however, be 
payable in relation to any payment in respect of any Instrument on account of 
any taxes or duties which: 
 
(a) are deducted or withheld by any person acting as a custodian bank 
or collecting agent on behalf of a Holder, or otherwise payable in any 
manner which does not constitute a deduction or withholding by the 
Issuer from payments of principal or interest made by it; or 
 
(b) are payable by reason of the Holder having, or having had, some 
personal or business connection with The Netherlands, or the United 
States, or the Federal Republic of Germany and not merely by 
reason of the fact that payments in respect of the Instruments are 
(or for the purpose of taxation are deemed to be) derived from 
sources or are secured, in The Netherlands, or the United States, or 
the Federal Republic of Germany; or 
 
(c) are deducted or withheld pursuant to (i) any European Union 
directive or regulation concerning the taxation of savings income, or 
(ii) any international treaty or understanding relating to such taxation 
and to which the Federal Republic of Germany [where instruments 
issued by SFM insert: or The Netherlands] [where instruments 
issued by SCC insert: or the United States] or the European Union 
is a party, or (iii) any provision of law implementing, or complying 
with, or introduced to conform with, such Directive, Regulation, treaty 
or understanding; or 
 
(d) have to be paid in respect of any Instrument presented for payment 
more than 30 days after the Relevant Date, except to the extent, that 
the relevant Holder of such Instrument would have been entitled to 
such Additional Amounts on presenting the same Instrument for 
payment on or before the expiry of such period of 30 days; or 
In 
the 
case 
of 
any 
Instrument issued by SCC, 
the following applies: 
(e) (i) would not have been imposed but for the failure to comply with 
certification, 
information, 
documentation 
or 
other 
reporting 
requirements concerning the nationality, residence, identity or 
present or former connection with the United States of the Holder or 
beneficial owner of such Instrument, if such compliance is required 
by statute, regulation or ruling of the United States or any political 
subdivision or taxing authority thereof as a precondition to relief or 
exemption from such taxes or duties (ii) are imposed on interest 
received by a person holding, actually or constructively, now or in 
the future, 10 per cent or more of the total combined voting power of 
all classes of stock of Siemens Corporation, New York, NY, USA (in 
the event that Siemens Corporation is the sole member of the Issuer) 
or 10 per cent or more of the capital or profits interest in the Issuer 
(in the event that there are two or more members of the Issuer), (iii) 
are imposed on interest received by a person, who is a controlled

--- Page 133 ---
132 
foreign corporation as to the United States, that is related to the 
Issuer, (iv) are imposed on interest received by a bank described in 
Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as 
amended (“Code”), (v) are imposed on amounts subject to 
withholding under Section 1443 of the Code (regarding withholding 
on foreign tax-exempt organizations), (vi) are imposed on contingent 
interest described in Section 871(h)(4) of the Code; or 
 
[(f)] are payable by reason of a change in law that becomes effective 
more than 30 days after the relevant payment of principal or interest 
becomes due, or is duly provided for and notice thereof is published 
in accordance with condition 12, whichever occurs later; or 
 
[(g)] are deducted or withheld by a Paying Agent if the payment could 
have been made by another Paying Agent without such deduction or 
withholding. 
 
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, the “Relevant Date” 
means, in respect of any payment, the date on which such payment first 
becomes due and payable, but if the full amount of the amount payable has 
not been received by the Fiscal Agent on or prior to such due date, it means 
the first date, on which the full amount of such payment having been received 
by the Fiscal Agent and being available for payment to Holders, notice to that 
effect shall have been duly given to the Holders of the relevant Series in 
accordance with condition 12. 
 
Notwithstanding anything else in these Terms and Conditions, the Issuer 
shall not be liable for or otherwise be obliged to pay any tax, duty, withholding 
or other payment which may arise as a result of any tax withheld or deducted 
as required by the rules of Sections 1471 through 1474 (relating to the Foreign 
Account Tax Compliance Act, “FATCA”) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 
1986, as amended. This includes any amended or successor provisions, 
pursuant to (i) any inter-governmental agreement, (ii) implementing legislation 
adopted by another jurisdiction in connection with these provisions, or 
(iii) pursuant to any agreement with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service as a 
result of a Holder, beneficial owner or intermediary that is not an agent of the 
Issuer not being entitled to receive payments free of this withholding. The 
Issuer will have no obligation to pay any additional amounts or otherwise 
indemnify a Holder for any such withholding deducted or withheld by the Issuer, 
a paying agent or any other party. 
 
Condition 8. 
PRESENTATION PERIOD 
 
With respect to the Instruments, the presentation period provided in the 
first sentence of Section 801(1) of the German Civil Code (Bürgerliches 
Gesetzbuch) is reduced to ten years. 
 
Condition 9. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
 
(1) Events of Default. Each Holder shall be entitled to declare its 
Instruments due and demand immediate redemption thereof at the Early 
Redemption Amount (as described in condition 5), together with accrued and 
unpaid interest (if any) to (but excluding) the date of repayment, in the event 
that: 
 
(a) principal or interest is not paid within 30 days from the relevant due 
date subject to condition 4(8); or 
 
(b) the Issuer fails duly to perform any other material obligation arising 
from the Instruments [where Instruments are issued by SFM or 
SCC, the following applies: or the Guarantor fails to fulfill its duties 
set out in condition 2(4) (Negative pledge of the Guarantor)] and this

--- Page 134 ---
133 
failure continues for more than 60 days after the Fiscal Agent has 
received notice thereof from a Holder; or 
 
(c) the Issuer [where Instruments are issued by SFM or SCC, the 
following applies: or the Guarantor] announces that it is unable to 
meet its financial obligations; or 
 
(d) a competent court opens insolvency proceedings against the Issuer 
[where Instruments are issued by SFM or SCC, the following 
applies: or the Guarantor,] or the Issuer [where Instruments are 
issued by SFM or SCC, the following applies: or the Guarantor] 
applies for or institutes such proceedings [where Instruments are 
issued by SFM, the following applies:, or the Issuer applies for a 
“surseance van betaling” (within the meaning of The Bankruptcy Act 
of The Netherlands, Faillissementswet)]; this condition 9(1)(d) does 
not apply to frivolous or vexatious proceedings that are without merit; 
or 
 
(e) the Issuer [where Instruments are issued by SFM or SCC, the 
following applies: or the Guarantor] goes into liquidation, unless 
this is in connection with a merger, or consolidation or other form of 
merging/combining with another company or in connection with a 
restructuring and the other or new company assumes all obligations 
assumed by the Issuer [where Instruments are issued by SFM or 
SCC, the following applies: or the Guarantor] in connection with 
the Instruments[.] [; or] 
Where 
Instruments 
are 
issued by SFM or SCC, the 
following applies: 
(f) 
the Guarantee is invalid. 
 
(2) The right to declare Instruments due and request redemption thereof 
shall terminate if the situation giving rise thereto has been cured or has lapsed 
before such right is exercised. 
 
(3) Notice. Any notice in accordance with condition 9(1) above, including 
any notice declaring Instruments due and requesting redemption thereof, shall 
be made by means of a declaration in text form (Textform) in the German or 
English language to the Fiscal Agent. Such notice shall be given together with 
proof that such Holder at the time of such notice is the Holder of the relevant 
Instrument. Such proof may be given by means of a certificate of its Custodian 
(as defined in condition 14(3)) or in any other appropriate manner. 
 
(4) Quorum. A notice given pursuant to condition 9(1)(b), shall, unless at 
the time such notice is received any of the events specified in condition 9(1)(a) 
and (1)(c) to [(1)(e)][(1)(f)] entitling Holders to declare their Instruments due 
has occurred and is continuing, become effective only when the Fiscal Agent 
has received such notices from the Holders in principal amount of at least 
25 per cent of the Instruments then outstanding. 
 
Condition 10. 
SUBSTITUTION OF THE ISSUER 
 
(1) Substitution. The Issuer is, so long as no payment of principal or 
interest on any of the Instruments is in default, at all times entitled without the 
consent of the Holders, to substitute [where Instruments are issued by SFM 
or SCC, the following applies: the Guarantor, or any other enterprise, 
associated within the meaning of Sections 15 et seq. of the German Stock 
Corporation Act (§§ 15 ff. Aktiengesetz) with the Guarantor,] [where 
Instruments are issued by Siemens AG, the following applies: any other 
enterprise associated within the meaning of Sections 15 et seq. of the German 
Stock Corporation Act (§§ 15 ff. Aktiengesetz) with the Issuer,] in its place as 
principal debtor (“Substitute Debtor”) in respect of all obligations arising from 
or in connection with the Instruments provided that:

--- Page 135 ---
134 
 
(a) the Substitute Debtor assumes all obligations of the Issuer in respect 
of the Instruments; 
 
(b) the Substitute Debtor has obtained all necessary authorizations and 
may transfer to the Fiscal Agent in the Specified Currency without 
being obligated to deduct or withhold any taxes or other duties of 
whatever nature levied by the country in which the Substitute Debtor 
or the Issuer has its domicile or tax residence, all amounts required 
for the fulfilment of the payment obligations arising under the 
Instruments; 
 
(c) the Substitute Debtor has agreed to hold harmless each Holder 
against any withholding tax, duty or governmental charge imposed 
on such Holder in respect of such substitution except as specified in 
condition 7; 
Where 
Instruments 
are 
issued by Siemens AG, the 
following applies: 
(d) the Issuer irrevocably and unconditionally guarantees the payment 
of all sums payable by the Substitute Debtor in respect of the 
Instruments against a trustee. This guarantee shall comply with the 
terms of the Issuer’s guarantee assumed by the Issuer in respect of 
any Instruments issued by SFM or SCC under the Programme 
pursuant to which the Instruments were issued; and 
 
 
Where 
Instruments 
are 
issued by SFM or SCC, the 
following applies: 
(d) the Guarantor, but only if the Guarantor is not the Substitute Debtor, 
irrevocably and unconditionally guarantees the payment of all sums 
payable by the Substitute Debtor in respect of the Instruments and 
such guarantee complies with the conditions of the Guarantee in 
accordance with condition 2(2); and 
 
(e) there shall have been delivered to the Fiscal Agent an opinion or 
opinions of lawyers of recognized standing with respect to the 
affected jurisdictions confirming that the provisions of (a), (b), (c) and 
(d) above have been satisfied. The lawyers shall be selected by 
Siemens AG. 
 
(2) Notice. Notice of any such substitution shall be published in 
accordance with condition 12. 
 
(3) Change of References. In the event of substitution, any reference in 
these Terms and Conditions to the Issuer shall from then on be deemed to 
refer to the Substitute Debtor and any reference to the country in which the 
Issuer is domiciled or resident for taxation purposes shall from then on be 
deemed to refer to the country of domicile or residence for taxation purposes 
of the Substitute Debtor.  
 
Furthermore, in the event of such substitution the following shall apply: 
Where 
Instruments 
are 
issued by SFM or SCC, the 
following applies: 
(a) In conditions 7 and 5(2) an alternative reference to [where 
Instruments are issued by SFM, the following applies: 
The Netherlands] [where Instruments are issued by SCC, the 
following applies: the United States] shall be deemed to have been 
included (in addition to the reference according to the preceding 
sentence to the country of domicile or residence for taxation 
purposes of the Substitute Debtor); and 
 
(b) If a guarantee pursuant to condition 10 (1)(d) is to be issued, any 
reference in these Terms and Conditions to the Guarantee shall from 
then on be deemed to refer to such guarantee issued pursuant to 
condition 10 (1)(d).

--- Page 136 ---
135 
Where 
Instruments 
are 
issued by Siemens AG, the 
following applies: 
(a) In conditions 7 and 5(2) an alternative reference to the Federal 
Republic of Germany shall be deemed to have been included 
(in addition to the reference made in the preceding sentence to the 
country of domicile or residence for taxation purposes of the 
Substitute Debtor); 
 
(b) In condition 9(1)(b) to (e) an alternative reference to the Issuer in its 
capacity as Guarantor shall be deemed to have been included 
(in addition to the reference to the Substitute Debtor); and 
 
(c) Condition 9 shall be deemed to be amended so that it shall also be 
an event of default under such provision if the guarantee issued 
pursuant to condition 10 (1)(d) is invalid.  
 
Condition 11. 
FURTHER ISSUES, PURCHASES AND CANCELLATION 
 
(1) Further Issues. The Issuer is entitled, without the consent of the 
Holders, to issue further Instruments from time to time having the same terms 
and conditions as the Instruments in all respects (or in all respects except for 
the issue date, interest commencement date and/or issue price) so as to be 
consolidated and form a single Series with the Instruments. 
 
(2) Purchases. The Issuer [where Instruments are issued by SFM or 
SCC, the following applies: and the Guarantor] [is] [are] entitled, at any time, 
to purchase Instruments in the open market or otherwise at any price. 
Instruments purchased by the Issuer [where Instruments are issued by SFM 
or SCC, the following applies: or the Guarantor] may, at the option of the 
Issuer [where Instruments are issued by SFM or SCC, the following 
applies: or the Guarantor], be held, resold or surrendered to the Fiscal Agent 
for cancellation. 
 
(3) Cancellation. All Instruments redeemed in full shall be cancelled 
forthwith and neither reissued nor resold. 
 
Condition 12. 
NOTICES 
Where 
Instruments 
are 
listed on the regulated 
market of the Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange, 
the 
following applies: 
(1) Publication. All notices required to be made in accordance with these 
Terms and Conditions, will be made by means of electronic publication on the 
internet website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). Any 
notice so given will be deemed to have been validly given on the third day 
following the date of such publication. [where Instruments are issued by 
Siemens AG, the following applies: All notices required to be made in 
accordance with these Terms and Conditions shall in addition be published in 
the Federal Gazette (Bundesanzeiger) (to the extent required).] 
 
(2) Notification to Clearing System. If the Rules of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange so permit, the Issuer may make a publication referred to in 
condition 12(1) by giving notice to the Clearing System for communication by 
the Clearing System to the Holders, in lieu of publication as set forth in 
condition 12(1) above; any such notice shall be deemed to have been validly 
given to the Holders on the fourth day after the day on which the said notice 
was given to the Clearing System. 
 
 
Where 
Instruments 
are 
listed on another Stock 
Exchange 
than 
the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange, the following 
applies: 
(1) Publication. All notices required to be made in accordance with these 
Terms and Conditions, will be published in [insert medium of publication and 
location as required by the rules of a Listing Authority or Stock 
Exchange] and to the extent required [where Instruments are issued by 
SFM or SCC the following applies: by means of electronic publication on the 
internet website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com)] [where 
Instruments are issued by Siemens AG, the following applies: the Federal

--- Page 137 ---
136 
Gazette (Bundesanzeiger)]. Any notice so given will be deemed to have been 
validly given on the third day following the date of such publication. 
 
(2) Notification to Clearing System. As far as legally permissible and 
provided that the rules of the stock exchange, where the Instruments are 
admitted to trading, permit such form of notice, the Issuer may replace a 
publication as set forth in condition 12(1), by giving notice to the Clearing 
System for communication by the Clearing System to the Holders. Any such 
notice shall be deemed to have been validly given to the Holders on the fourth 
day after the day on which the said notice was given to the Clearing System. 
 
 
Where Instruments are not 
listed, 
the 
following 
applies: 
(1) Notification to Clearing System. The Issuer shall deliver all notices 
required to be made in accordance with these Terms and Conditions, to the 
Clearing System for communication by the Clearing System to the Holders. 
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been validly given to the Holders on 
the fourth day after the day on which the said notice was given to the Clearing 
System. 
 
 
 
[(2)][(3)] Form of Notice. Notices to be given by any Holder shall be made 
in text form (Textform) in the English or German language. The notice must be 
accompanied by proof that such notifying Holder is holder of the relevant 
Instruments at the time of the giving of such notice. Proof may be made by 
means of a certificate of the Custodian (as defined in condition 14(3)) or in any 
other appropriate manner. So long as payments on the Instruments are made 
to the Clearing System, such notice may be given by the Holder to the Fiscal 
Agent through the Clearing System in such manner as the Fiscal Agent and 
the Clearing System may approve for such purpose. 
 
Condition 13. 
AMENDMENTS TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, JOINT 
REPRESENTATIVE [, AMENDMENTS TO THE GUARANTEE] 
 
(1) Amendment of the Terms and Conditions. The Issuer may amend 
these Terms and Conditions with the consent of a majority resolution of the 
Holders pursuant to Sections 5 et seqq. of the German Act on Issue of Debt 
Securities (Gesetz über Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen — 
“SchVG”), as amended from time to time. The Holders may in accordance with 
the majorities as set out in condition 13 (2) in particular consent to 
amendments which materially change the substance of these Terms and 
Conditions, including such measures as provided for under Section 5(3) of the 
SchVG, but excluding a substitution of the Issuer, which is exclusively subject 
to the provisions in condition 10. Majority resolutions are binding on all Holders. 
 
(2) Majority. Except as provided by the following sentence and provided 
that a quorum has been achieved, the Holders may pass resolutions by simple 
majority of the voting rights participating in the vote. Provided that a quorum 
has been achieved, resolutions which materially change the substance of 
these Terms and Conditions, in particular in the cases of Section 5(3) 
numbers 1 through 9 of the SchVG, require a qualified majority of at least 
75 per cent of the voting rights participating in the vote to become effective (a 
“Qualified Majority”). 
 
(3) Vote without a meeting. All votes will be carried out, subject to the 
next sentence, exclusively by way of a vote without a meeting. A meeting of 
Holders, and the bearing of the costs of such meeting by the Issuer, shall only 
occur in the circumstance of Section 18(4) sentence 2 of the SchVG. The 
request for voting will provide for further details relating to the resolutions to be 
voted on and the voting procedure. The subject matter of the vote as well as 
the proposed resolutions shall be notified to Holders together with the request 
for voting.

--- Page 138 ---
137 
 
(4) Eligibility to participate. Each Holder shall be entitled to participate in 
votes without a meeting or in a meeting of Holders pursuant to Section 18(4) 
sentence 2 of the SchVG in accordance with the nominal amount or notional 
share of its entitlement to the outstanding Instruments. Special written 
confirmation dated the date of the vote from the Custodian (as defined in 
condition 14(3)) of the relevant Holder is sufficient evidence of the eligibility of 
the Holder to participate in such vote. If a confirmation which is dated the date 
of the vote cannot be provided, then, in addition, a blocking instruction from 
the Custodian of the relevant Holder is required, which evidences that the 
relevant Instruments are not able to be transferred during the period from the 
date of such confirmation until the effective time of the vote. 
 
(5) Joint representative. [If no Joint Representative is designated in 
the Terms and Conditions of the Instruments, the following applies: The 
Holders may by majority resolution provide for the appointment or dismissal of 
a joint representative (the “Joint Representative”), the duties and 
responsibilities and the rights of such Joint Representative, the transfer of the 
rights of the Holders to the Joint Representative and a limitation of liability of 
the Joint Representative. The appointment of a Joint Representative requires 
a Qualified Majority if such Joint Representative is to be authorized to consent, 
in accordance with condition 13(2) hereof, to a material change in the 
substance of these Terms and Conditions.] 
 
[If the Joint Representative is appointed in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Instruments, the following applies: The joint 
representative (the “Joint Representative”) is [insert name and address of 
the Joint Representative as well as the relevant circumstances, to the 
extent the Joint Representative belongs to the category of persons listed 
in Section 7(1) sentence 2 numbers 2-4 of the SchVG]. The Joint 
Representative has the duties and responsibilities and rights provided for by 
law. The liability of the Joint Representative is limited to ten times of the amount 
of its annual remuneration, unless the Joint Representative has acted willfully 
or with gross negligence. The provisions of the SchVG apply with respect to 
the dismissal of the Joint Representative and the other rights and obligations 
of the Joint Representative.] 
 
(6) Notices. Any notices concerning this condition 13 are made in 
accordance with Sections 5 et seqq. of the SchVG and condition 12 hereof. 
In the case of Instruments 
issued by SCC or SFM, the 
following applies: 
(7) Application to Guarantee. The provisions set out above applicable to 
the Instruments shall apply mutatis mutandis to the Guarantee of Siemens AG. 
 
 
 
Condition 14. 
APPLICABLE LAW, PLACE OF JURISDICTION AND ENFORCEMENT 
 
(1) Applicable Law. The Instruments, as to form and content, and the 
rights and obligations of the Holders and the Issuers arising out of or in 
connection with the Instruments, shall be governed by, and construed in 
accordance with, German law without giving effect to the conflict of laws 
provisions of German international private law. 
 
To the extent permitted pursuant to Council Regulation (EC) 
No 864/2007 of July 11, 2007, on the law applicable to non-contractual 
obligations (“Rome II”), all non-contractual claims arising out of or in 
connection with the Instruments shall be governed by and construed in 
accordance with German law without giving effect to the conflict of laws 
provisions of German international private law. 
 
(2) Submission to Jurisdiction. The Issuer irrevocably agrees for the 
benefit of the Holders that the competent courts of Munich shall have exclusive 
jurisdiction to hear and determine any suit, action or proceedings, and to settle 
any disputes which may arise out of or in connection with the Instruments

--- Page 139 ---
138 
(respectively “Proceedings” and “Disputes”) and for such purposes 
irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of such courts. The Issuer irrevocably 
waives any objection which it might now or hereafter have to the competent 
courts of Munich being nominated as forum to hear and determine any 
Proceedings and to settle any Disputes and agrees not to claim that any such 
court is not a convenient or appropriate forum. 
 
(3) Enforcement. Any Holder is entitled, in any proceeding against the 
Issuer, or to which such Holder and the Issuer are parties, to exercise and 
enforce in its own name its rights arising under such Instruments on the basis 
of (i) a statement issued by the Custodian with whom such Holder maintains a 
securities account in respect of the Instruments (a) stating the full name and 
address of the Holder, (b) specifying the aggregate principal amount of 
Instruments credited to such securities account on the date of such statement, 
and (c) confirming that the Custodian has given written notice to the Clearing 
System containing the information pursuant to (a) and (b) and (ii) upon 
presentation of a copy of the Global Instrument representing the relevant 
Instruments certified as being a true copy by a duly authorized officer of the 
Clearing System or a depository of the Clearing System, without the need for 
production in such proceedings of the actual records or the Global Instrument 
representing the Instruments. For the purposes of the foregoing, “Custodian” 
means any bank or other financial institution of recognized standing authorized 
to engage in securities custody business with which the Holder maintains a 
securities account in respect of the Instruments, including the Clearing System. 
 
Condition 15. 
LANGUAGE 
 
These Terms and Conditions are written in the German language. The 
German text shall be binding and decisive. The English language translation 
is provided for convenience only.

--- Page 140 ---
139 
3. 
Form of Final Terms  
 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Instruments are not intended to 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of article 4(1) 
of Directive 2014/65/EU as amended (“MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97 as amended (“IDD”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined 
in point (10) of article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) 1286/2014 (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Instruments or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Instruments or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under 
the PRIIPs Regulation.1 
 
VERBOT DES VERKAUFS AN KLEINANLEGER IM EUROPÄISCHEN WIRTSCHAFTSRAUM 
– Die Schuldverschreibungen sind nicht zum Angebot, zum Verkauf oder zur sonstigen 
Zurverfügungstellung an Kleinanleger im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum („EWR“) bestimmt und sollten 
Kleinanlegern im EWR nicht angeboten, nicht an diese verkauft und diesen auch nicht in sonstiger 
Weise zur Verfügung gestellt werden. Für die Zwecke dieser Bestimmung bezeichnet der Begriff 
Kleinanleger eine Person, die eines (oder mehrere) der folgenden Kriterien erfüllt: (i) sie ist ein 
Kleinanleger im Sinne von Artikel 4 Absatz 1 Nr. 11 der Richtlinie 2014/65/EU in der jeweils gültigen 
Fassung („MiFID II“); oder (ii) sie ist ein Kunde im Sinne der Richtlinie 2016/97/EU in der jeweils gültigen 
Fassung („IDD“), soweit dieser Kunde nicht als professioneller Kunde im Sinne von Artikel 4 Absatz 1 
Nr. 10 MiFID II gilt. Entsprechend wurde kein nach der Verordnung (EU) 1286/2014 (die „PRIIP-
Verordnung“) erforderliches Basisinformationsblatt für das Angebot oder den Verkauf oder die sonstige 
Zurverfügungstellung der Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger im EWR erstellt; daher kann das 
Angebot oder der Verkauf oder die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung der Schuldverschreibungen an 
Kleinanleger im EWR nach der PRIIP-Verordnung rechtswidrig sein.]1 
 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Instruments are not intended to 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means 
a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000, as amended (“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in 
point (8) of article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 1286/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the 
Instruments or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Instruments or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in 
the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.2 
 
VERBOT DES VERKAUFS AN KLEINANLEGER IM VEREINIGTEN KÖNIGREICH – 
Die Schuldverschreibungen 
sind 
nicht 
zum 
Angebot, 
zum 
Verkauf 
oder 
zur 
sonstigen 
Zurverfügungstellung an Kleinanleger im Vereinigten Königreich („UK“) bestimmt und sollten 
Kleinanlegern im UK nicht angeboten, nicht an diese verkauft und diesen auch nicht in sonstiger Weise 
zur Verfügung gestellt werden. Für die Zwecke dieser Bestimmung bezeichnet der Begriff Kleinanleger 
eine Person, die eines (oder mehrere) der folgenden Kriterien erfüllt: (i) sie ist ein Kleinanleger im Sinne 
von Artikel 2 Nr. 8 der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 2017/565, welche durch das EU Austrittsabkommen 2018 
(„EUWA“) Teil des Rechts des UK bildet; oder (ii) sie ist ein Kunde im Sinne der Regelungen des 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, in seiner jeweils gültigen Fassung („FSMA“) und aller 
Vorschriften und Verordnungen, die im Rahmen des FSMA zur Umsetzung der Richtlinie (EU) 2016/97 
erlassen wurden, soweit dieser Kunde nicht als professioneller Kunde im Sinne von Artikel 2 Abs. 1 
Nr. 8 der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 600/2014 gilt, welche durch EUWA Teil des Rechts des UK bildet. 
 
1  Include legend unless the Final Terms specify “Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in the European Economic Area” as 
“Not applicable”. 
1  Legende einzufügen, sofern nicht die Endgültigen Bedingungen „Verkaufsverbot an Kleinanleger im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum“ 
für „Nicht anwendbar“ erklären. 
2  Include legend unless the Final Terms specify “Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in the United Kingdom” as “Not applicable”. 
2  Legende einzufügen, sofern nicht die Endgültigen Bedingungen „Verkaufsverbot an Kleinanleger im Vereinigten Königreich“ für „Nicht 
anwendbar“ erklären.

--- Page 141 ---
140 
Entsprechend wurde kein nach der Verordnung (EU) 1286/2014 welche durch EUWA Teil des Rechts 
des UK bildet (die „UK PRIIP-Verordnung“) erforderliches Basisinformationsblatt für das Angebot oder 
den Verkauf oder die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung der Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger im UK 
erstellt; daher kann das Angebot oder der Verkauf oder die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung der 
Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger im UK nach der PRIIP-Verordnung rechtswidrig sein.]2 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
(MUSTER — ENDGÜLTIGE BEDINGUNGEN)  
Date [●] 
Datum [●] 
 
Final Terms  
Endgültige Bedingungen  
 
[Siemens Aktiengesellschaft 
LEI: W38RGI023J3WT1HWRP32] 
[Siemens Capital Company LLC 
LEI: EOSCVWUER252U910GR08] 
[Siemens Financieringsmaatschappij N.V. 
LEI: TAFO772JB70PDRN5VS48] 
 
[Title of relevant Series of Instruments]  
[Bezeichnung der betreffenden Serie der Schuldverschreibungen]  
 
issued pursuant to the  
begeben aufgrund des  
 
€35,000,000,000  
€35.000.000.000 
 
Programme for the Issuance of Debt Instruments  
Programm zur Begebung von Schuldverschreibungen  
 
dated December 9, 2024 
vom 9. Dezember 2024 
 
of / der  
Siemens Aktiengesellschaft  
 
and / und der  
Siemens Capital Company LLC  
 
and / und der  
Siemens Financieringsmaatschappij N.V.  
 
Issue Price: [●] per cent  
Ausgabepreis: [●] %  
 
Issue Date: [●]3 
Tag der Begebung: [●]3 
 
These are the Final Terms of an issue of Instruments under the €35,000,000,000 Debt Issuance 
Programme of Siemens Aktiengesellschaft and Siemens Capital Company LLC and Siemens 
Financieringsmaatschappij N.V. (“Programme”).  
Dies sind die Endgültigen Bedingungen einer Emission von Schuldverschreibungen unter dem 
€35.000.000.000 Programm zur Begebung von Schuldverschreibungen der Siemens Aktiengesellschaft 
 
3  The Issue Date is the date of payment and settlement of the Instruments. In the case of free delivery, the Issue Date is the delivery 
date. 
3  Der Tag der Begebung ist der Tag, an dem die Schuldverschreibungen begeben und bezahlt werden. Bei freier Lieferung ist der Tag 
der Begebung der Tag der Lieferung.

--- Page 142 ---
141 
und der Siemens Capital Company LLC und der Siemens Financieringsmaatschappij N.V. 
(„Programm“). 
Important Notice 
These Final Terms have been prepared for the purpose of article 8(5) in connection with 
article 25(4) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
14 June 2017, as amended and must be read in conjunction with the prospectus pertaining to the 
Programme dated December 9, 2024 [and the supplement[s] No [●] dated [●]] (the “Prospectus”). 
The Prospectus and any supplement thereto [as well as these Final Terms] are published in electronic 
form on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). 
The German version of these Final Terms is the exclusively legally binding one. The English 
language translation is not binding and for convenience only. 
Wichtiger Hinweis 
Diese Endgültigen Bedingungen wurden für die Zwecke des Artikels 8 Absatz 5 in Verbindung mit 
Artikel 25 Absatz 4 der Verordnung (EU) 2017/1129 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 
14. Juni 2017, in der jeweils gültigen Fassung, abgefasst und sind in Verbindung mit dem Prospekt vom 
9. Dezember 2024 über das Programm [und [dem Nachtrag] [den Nachträgen] Nr. [●] dazu vom [●]] (der 
„Prospekt“) zu lesen. Der Prospekt sowie etwaige Nachträge [und diese Endgültigen Bedingungen] 
werden in elektronischer Form auf der Internetseite der Luxemburger Börse (www.luxse.com) 
veröffentlicht. 
Die deutsche Fassung dieser Endgültigen Bedingungen ist ausschließlich rechtlich maßgebend. 
Die englischsprachige Übersetzung ist unverbindlich. 
Part I.: TERMS AND CONDITIONS  
Teil I.: EMISSIONSBEDINGUNGEN 
[A. In the case the options applicable to the relevant Tranche of Instruments are to be determined 
by replicating the relevant provisions set forth in the Prospectus as Option I or Option II 
including certain further options contained therein, respectively, and completing the relevant 
placeholders, insert:4 
A. Falls die für die betreffende Tranche von Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Optionen durch 
Wiederholung der betreffenden im Prospekt als Option I oder Option II aufgeführten Angaben 
(einschließlich der jeweils enthaltenen bestimmten weiteren Optionen) bestimmt und die 
betreffenden Leerstellen vervollständigt werden, einfügen:4 
The conditions applicable to the Instruments (the “Conditions”) and the English language 
translation thereof, are as set out below.  
Die für die Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Bedingungen (die „Bedingungen“) sowie die 
englischsprachige Übersetzung sind wie nachfolgend aufgeführt.  
[in the case of Instruments with fixed interest rates replicate here the relevant provisions of Option I 
(including relevant further options contained therein), and complete relevant placeholders]  
[Im Falle von Schuldverschreibungen mit fester Verzinsung hier die betreffenden Angaben der 
Option I (einschließlich der betreffenden weiteren Optionen) wiederholen und betreffende Leerstellen 
vervollständigen]  
[in the case of Instruments with floating interest rates replicate here the relevant provisions of 
Option II (including relevant further options contained therein), and complete relevant placeholders]  
[Im Falle von Schuldverschreibungen mit variabler Verzinsung hier die betreffenden Angaben der 
Option II (einschließlich der betreffenden weiteren Optionen) wiederholen und betreffende Leerstellen 
vervollständigen]] 
 
4  To be determined in consultation with the Issuer. It is anticipated that this type of documenting the Conditions will be required where 
the Instruments are to be publicly offered, in whole or in part, or to be initially distributed, in whole or in part, to non-qualified investors. 
Delete all references to B. Part I of the Final Terms including numbered paragraphs and subparagraphs of the Terms and Conditions. 
4  In Abstimmung mit der Emittentin festzulegen. Es ist vorgesehen, dass diese Form der Dokumentation der Bedingungen erforderlich 
ist, wenn die Schuldverschreibungen insgesamt oder teilweise anfänglich an nicht qualifizierte Anleger verkauft oder öffentlich 
angeboten werden. Alle Bezugnahmen auf B. Teil I der Endgültigen Bedingungen einschließlich der Paragraphen und Absätze der 
Emissionsbedingungen entfernen.

--- Page 143 ---
142 
[B. In the case the options applicable to the relevant Tranche of Instruments are to be determined 
by referring to the relevant provisions set forth in the Prospectus as Option I or Option II 
(including certain further options contained therein), respectively, insert:  
B. Falls die für die betreffende Tranche von Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Optionen, die 
durch Verweisung auf die betreffenden im Prospekt als Option I oder Option II aufgeführten 
Angaben (einschließlich der jeweils enthaltenen bestimmten weiteren Optionen) bestimmt 
werden, einfügen:  
This Part I. of the Final Terms is to be read in conjunction with the set of Terms and Conditions 
that apply to Instruments [with [fixed] [floating] interest rates] (the “Terms and Conditions”) set forth in 
the Prospectus [and the supplement[s] dated [●]] as [Option I] [Option II]. Capitalized terms shall have 
the meanings specified in the Terms and Conditions.  
Dieser Teil I. der Endgültigen Bedingungen ist in Verbindung mit dem Satz der 
Emissionsbedingungen, der auf Schuldverschreibungen [mit [fester] [variabler] Verzinsung] Anwendung 
findet (die „Emissionsbedingungen“), zu lesen, der als [Option I] [Option II] im Prospekt [und [dem 
Nachtrag] [den Nachträgen] dazu vom [●]] enthalten ist. Begriffe, die in den Emissionsbedingungen 
definiert sind, haben dieselbe Bedeutung, wenn sie in diesen Endgültigen Bedingungen verwendet 
werden. 
All references in this Part I. of the Final Terms to numbered paragraphs and subparagraphs are to 
paragraphs and subparagraphs of the Terms and Conditions. 
Bezugnahmen in diesem Teil I. der Endgültigen Bedingungen auf Paragraphen und Absätze 
beziehen sich auf die Paragraphen und Absätze der Emissionsbedingungen. 
The blanks in the provisions of the Terms and Conditions, which are applicable to the Instruments 
shall be deemed to be completed by the information contained in the Final Terms as if such information 
were inserted in the blanks of such provisions. All provisions in the Terms and Conditions corresponding 
to items in these Final Terms which are either not selected or completed or which are deleted shall be 
deemed to be deleted from the Terms and Conditions applicable to the Instruments (the “Conditions”). 
Die Leerstellen in den auf die Schuldverschreibungen anwendbaren Bestimmungen der 
Emissionsbedingungen gelten als durch die in den Endgültigen Bedingungen enthaltenen Angaben 
ausgefüllt, als ob die Leerstellen in den betreffenden Bestimmungen durch diese Angaben ausgefüllt 
wären. Sämtliche Bestimmungen der Emissionsbedingungen, die sich auf Variablen dieser Endgültigen 
Bedingungen beziehen, die weder angekreuzt noch ausgefüllt oder die gestrichen werden, gelten als in 
den auf die Schuldverschreibungen anwendbaren Emissionsbedingungen (die „Bedingungen“) 
gestrichen.]

--- Page 144 ---
143 
  
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM, DEFINITIONS (condition 1)5 
WÄHRUNG, NENNBETRAG, FORM, BEGRIFFSBESTIMMUNGEN (§ 1)5 
Currency and Denomination 
Währung und Nennbetrag 
Specified Currency 
Festgelegte Währung 
[●] 
Aggregate Principal Amount 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
[●] 
Aggregate Principal Amount in words 
Gesamtnennbetrag in Worten 
[●] 
Specified Denomination 
Nennbetrag 
[●] 
Form of Instruments 
Form der Schuldverschreibungen 
 
Permanent Global Instrument 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
 
Temporary Global Instrument exchangeable for Permanent 
Global Instrument 
Vorläufige Globalurkunde austauschbar gegen 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
Classical Global Note 
Classical Global Note 
[Yes] [No] 
[Ja] [Nein] 
New Global Note 
New Global Note 
[Yes] [No] 
[Ja] [Nein] 
Clearing System 
Clearing System 
 
Clearstream Banking AG, Mergenthalerallee 61, 
65760 Frankfurt am Main, Germany 
 
Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 
1855 Luxembourg, Luxembourg 
 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1, Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 
1210 Brussels, Belgium  
Book-Entry-Register 
Effektengiro-Register 
[Yes] [No] 
[Ja] [Nein] 
INTEREST (condition 3) 
ZINSEN (§ 3) 
 
Fixed Rate Instruments (Option I) 
Festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen (Option I) 
Rate of Interest and Interest Payment Dates 
Zinssatz und Zinszahlungstage 
Rate of Interest 
Zinssatz 
[●] per cent per annum 
[●] % per annum 
Interest Commencement Date 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
[●] 
 
5  The minimum denomination of the Instruments will be, if in euro, €100,000, or, if in any currency other than euro, in an amount in such 
other currency at least equivalent to €100,000 at the time of the issue of the Instruments. 
5  Die Mindeststückelung der Schuldverschreibungen beträgt €100.000, bzw. falls die Schuldverschreibungen in einer anderen Währung 
als Euro begeben werden, einem Betrag in dieser anderen Währung, der zur Zeit der Begebung der Schuldverschreibungen 
mindestens dem Gegenwert von €100.000 entspricht.

--- Page 145 ---
144 
Fixed Interest Date(s) 
Festzinstermin(e) 
[●] 
First Interest Payment Date 
Erster Zinszahlungstag 
[●] 
 
Initial Broken Amount (per Specified Denomination) 
Anfänglicher Bruchteilzinsbetrag (je Nennbetrag) 
[●] 
 
Fixed Interest Date preceding the Maturity Date 
Letzter Festzinstermin, der dem Fälligkeitstag vorangeht 
[●] 
 
Final Broken Amount (per Specified Denomination) 
Abschließender Bruchteilzinsbetrag (je Nennbetrag) 
[●] 
Day Count Fraction 
Zinstagequotient 
 
Actual/Actual (ICMA Rule 251) 
 
one interest period within an interest year (excluding the 
case of first or last short or long coupons) 
eine Zinsperiode innerhalb eines Zinsjahres 
(ausschließlich des Falls eines ersten oder letzten kurzen 
oder langen Kupons) 
 
one interest period within an interest year (including the 
case of first or last short coupons) 
eine Zinsperiode innerhalb eines Zinsjahres (einschließlich 
des Falls eines ersten oder letzten kurzen Kupons) 
 
two or more constant interest periods within an interest 
year (including the case of first or last short coupons) 
Zwei oder mehr gleichbleibende Zinsperioden innerhalb 
eines Zinsjahres (einschließlich des Falls eines ersten 
oder letzten kurzen Kupons) 
 
Calculation Period longer than one reference period (long 
coupon) 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum länger als eine Bezugsperiode 
(langer Kupon) 
 
Reference Period6 
Bezugsperiode6 
Deemed Interest Payment Date(s) 
Fiktive(r) Zinszahlungstag(e) 
[●] 
 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
Actual/360 
 
30/360 or 360/360 (Bond Basis) 
 
30E/360 (Eurobond Basis) 
 
Floating Rate Instruments (Option II) 
Variabel verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen (Option II) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Zinszahlungstage 
Interest Commencement Date 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
[●] 
 
Specified Interest Payment Dates 
Festgelegte Zinszahlungstage 
[●] 
 
Specified Interest Period(s) 
Festgelegte Zinsperiode(n) 
[Number] [Weeks/months] 
[Zahl] [Wochen/Monate] 
 
6  Not applicable in the case of Actual/Actual (ICMA 251) with annual interest payments (excluding the case of short or long coupons). 
6  Nicht anwendbar bei Actual/Actual (ICMA 251) mit jährlichen Zinsperioden (ausschließlich des Falls von kurzen oder langen Kupons).

--- Page 146 ---
145 
Business Day Convention 
Geschäftstags-Konvention 
 
Modified Following Business Day Convention 
Modifizierte folgende Geschäftstag Konvention 
 
FRN Convention (specify period(s)) 
Variabel verzinsliche Anleihe Konvention 
(Zeitraum angeben) 
[Number] [Months] 
[Zahl] [Monate] 
 
Following Business Day Convention 
Folgende Geschäftstag Konvention 
 
Preceding Business Day Convention 
Vorangegangene Geschäftstag Konvention 
Business Day 
Geschäftstag  
 
Relevant Financial Centre(s) 
Relevante(s) Finanzzentren(um) 
[Specify all] 
[Alle angeben] 
 
T2 
T2 
Rate of Interest 
Zinssatz 
 
EURIBOR 
Interest Determination Date [first] [second] [number] T2 
Business Day [prior to commencement] of the relevant Interest 
Period 
EURIBOR 
Zinsfestlegungstag [erster] [zweiter] [Zahl] T2-Geschäftstag 
[vor Beginn] der jeweiligen Zinsperiode 
 
SOFR 
SOFR 
Interest Determination Date 
[5] [number] U.S. 
Government Securities 
Business Days 
Zinsfestlegungstag 
[5] [Zahl] US 
Staatsanleihen 
Geschäftstage 
SOFR IndexStart 
[5] [number] U.S. 
Government Securities 
Business Days 
SOFR IndexStart 
[5] [Zahl] US 
Staatsanleihen 
Geschäftstage 
Observation Period 
[5] [number] U.S. 
Government Securities 
Business Days 
Beobachtungszeitraum 
[5] [Zahl] US 
Staatsanleihen 
Geschäftstage 
 
SONIA 
SONIA 
Interest Determination Date 
[5] [number] London 
Business Days 
Zinsfestlegungstag 
[5] [Zahl] Londoner 
Geschäftstage 
Screen Page 
[Specify Screen Page] 
Bildschirmseite 
[Bildschirmseite angeben]

--- Page 147 ---
146 
SONIA Compounded IndexEnd 
[5] [number] London 
Business Days 
SONIA Compounded IndexEnd 
[5] [Zahl] Londoner 
Geschäftstage 
SONIA Compounded IndexStart 
[5] [number] London 
Business Days 
SONIA Compounded IndexStart 
[5] [Zahl] Londoner 
Geschäftstage 
Fallback: mean of the spread of the SONIA reference rate to the 
Bank Rate over the previous 
[5] [number] London 
Business Days 
Fallback: Mittelwert der Zinsspannen von SONIA zum 
Einlagenzinssatz der letzten 
[5] [Zahl] Londoner 
Geschäftstage 
 
Margin 
Marge 
[●] per cent per annum 
[●] % per annum 
 
Plus 
Zuzüglich 
 
Minus 
Abzüglich 
Day Count Fraction 
Zinstagequotient 
 
 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
 
Actual/360 
 
 
30/360 or 360/360 (Bond Basis) 
 
 
30E/360 (Eurobond Basis) 
 
PAYMENTS (condition 4)7 
ZAHLUNGEN (§ 4)7 
 
Relevant Financial Centre(s) 
Relevante(s) Finanzzentrum(en) 
[Specify all] 
[Alle angeben] 
 
T2 
T2 
REDEMPTION (condition 5) 
RÜCKZAHLUNG (§ 5) 
 
Redemption at Final Maturity 
Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit 
Maturity Date8 
Fälligkeitstag8  
[●] 
Redemption Month9 
Rückzahlungsmonat9  
[●] 
 
Early Redemption upon Minimal Outstanding Aggregate 
Principal Amount 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung bei geringem ausstehenden 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
 
 
7  Complete for fixed rate Instruments. 
7  Für festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen. 
8  Complete for fixed rate Instruments. 
8  Für festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen. 
9  Complete for floating rate Instruments. 
9  Für Schuldverschreibungen mit variabler Verzinsung auszufüllen.

--- Page 148 ---
147 
 
Early Redemption following early termination by the Issuer 
(Make-Whole)10 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach vorzeitiger Kündigung durch die 
Emittentin (Make-Whole)10 
 
Early Redemption Date 
Vorzeitiger Rückzahlungstag 
Minimum Notice to Holders11 
Mindestkündigungsfrist11 
[●] 
Maximum Notice to Holders 
Höchstkündigungsfrist 
[●] 
Early Redemption Amount (Make-Whole) 
Vorzeitiger Rückzahlungsbetrag (Make-Whole) 
Reference Dealer 
Referenzhändler 
[●] 
Reference Bond 
Referenzschuldverschreibung 
[●] 
Maturity of Reference Bond 
Fälligkeitsdatum der Referenzschuldverschreibung 
[●] 
Discount Rate 
Diskontierungsrate 
[●] 
 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Call)12 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin (Call) 12 
 Optional Early Redemption Date(s) (Call) 
Vorzeitige(r) Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e) (Call) 
[●] 
Optional Early Redemption Amount(s) (Call) 
Vorzeitige(r) Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/-beträge (Call) 
[●] 
 
Minimum volume 
Mindestvolumen 
[●] 
 
Specified volume 
Festgelegtes Volumen 
[●] 
Minimum Notice to Holders13 
Mindestkündigungsfrist13 
[●] days 
[●] Tage 
Maximum Notice to Holders 
Höchstkündigungsfrist 
[●] days 
[●] Tage 
 Optional Early Redemption Period(s) (Call) 
Vorzeitige(r) Wahl-Rückzahlungszeitraum/-räume (Call) 
[●] 
Optional Early Redemption Amount(s) (Call) 
Vorzeitige(r) Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/-beträge (Call) 
[●] 
 
Minimum volume 
Mindestvolumen 
[●] 
 
Specified volume 
Festgelegtes Volumen 
[●] 
 
10  Complete for fixed rate Instruments, if applicable. 
10  Für festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen, soweit relevant. 
11  Euroclear and Clearstream require a minimum notice period of five Business Days (Call) or fifteen Business Days (Put). 
11  Euroclear und Clearstream verlangen eine Mindestkündigungsfrist von fünf Geschäftstagen (Call) oder fünfzehn Geschäftstagen (Put). 
12  Complete for fixed rate Instruments, if applicable. 
12  Für festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen ausfüllen, soweit relevant. 
13  Euroclear and Clearstream require a minimum notice period of five Business Days (Call) or fifteen Business Days (Put). 
13  Euroclear und Clearstream verlangen eine Mindestkündigungsfrist von fünf Geschäftstagen (Call) oder fünfzehn Geschäftstagen (Put).

--- Page 149 ---
148 
Minimum Notice to Holders14 
Mindestkündigungsfrist14 
[●] days 
[●] Tage 
Maximum Notice to Holders 
Höchstkündigungsfrist 
[●] days 
[●] Tage 
 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Holder (Put)15 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl des Gläubigers (Put) 15 
Optional Early Redemption Date(s) (Put) 
Vorzeitige(r) Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e) (Put) 
[●] 
Optional Early Redemption Amount(s) (Put) 
Vorzeitige(r) Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/-beträge (Put) 
[●] 
Minimum Notice to Issuer16 
Mindestkündigungsfrist16 
[●] days 
[●] Tage 
Maximum Notice to Issuer 
Höchstkündigungsfrist 
[●] days 
[●] Tage 
 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer at the Optional 
Early Redemption Amount17 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin zum 
Vorzeitigen Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag17 
Optional Redemption Date (Call) 
(specify first Optional Redemption Date (Call)) 
[number] 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Call) 
(ersten Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Call) angeben) 
[Zahl] 
FISCAL AGENT, PAYING AGENT(S), CALCULATION AGENT (condition 6) 
EMISSIONSSTELLE, ZAHLSTELLE(N), BERECHNUNGSSTELLE (§ 6) 
Calculation Agent18 
Berechnungsstelle18 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
[Anwendbar][Nicht anwendbar] 
 
Fiscal Agent 
Emissionsstelle 
 
Other 
Andere 
[Specify] 
[Angeben] 
 
Required Location of Calculation Agent 
Vorgeschriebener Ort für Berechnungsstelle 
[Specify] 
[Angeben] 
Paying Agent(s) 
Zahlstelle(n) 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
 
Other 
Andere 
[Specify] 
[Angeben] 
 
14  Euroclear and Clearstream require a minimum notice period of five Business Days (Call) or fifteen Business Days (Put). 
14  Euroclear und Clearstream verlangen eine Mindestkündigungsfrist von fünf Geschäftstagen (Call) oder fünfzehn Geschäftstagen (Put). 
15  Complete for fixed rate Instruments, if applicable. 
15  Für festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen ausfüllen, soweit relevant. 
16  Euroclear and Clearstream require a minimum notice period of five Business Days (Call) or fifteen Business Days (Put). 
16  Euroclear und Clearstream verlangen eine Mindestkündigungsfrist von fünf Geschäftstagen (Call) oder fünfzehn Geschäftstagen (Put). 
17  Complete for floating rate Instruments, if applicable. 
17  Für Schuldverschreibungen mit variabler Verzinsung ausfüllen, soweit relevant. 
18  Complete for floating rate Instruments. 
18  Für Schuldverschreibungen mit variabler Verzinsung auszufüllen.

--- Page 150 ---
149 
NOTICES (condition 12) 
MITTEILUNGEN (§ 12) 
Place and medium of publication 
Ort und Medium der Bekanntmachung 
 
Federal Gazette 
Bundesanzeiger 
 
Website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
Webseite der Luxemburger Wertpapierbörse 
 
Place and medium of publication as requested by the rules of 
listing authority /stock exchange 
Ort und Medium der Bekanntmachung wie von den Regeln 
einer Notierungsbehörde / Börse gefordert 
[Specify] 
[Angeben] 
 
Clearing System 
Clearing System 
GERMAN ACT ON ISSUES OF DEBT SECURITIES (condition 13) 
Schuldverschreibungsgesetz (§ 13) 
 
Appointment of a Joint Representative in the Conditions 
[Specify name and 
address] 
 
Bestellung eines Gemeinsamen Vertreters in den Bedingungen [Name und Anschrift 
angeben]

--- Page 151 ---
150 
Part II.: ADDITIONAL INFORMATION19 
Teil II.: ZUSÄTZLICHE INFORMATIONEN19 
A. 
Essential information 
Grundlegende Angaben 
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons involved in the Issue/ 
Offer 
Interessen von Seiten natürlicher und juristischer Personen, die 
an der Emission/dem Angebot beteiligt sind 
[None] [Specify details] 
[Keine] [Einzelheiten 
einfügen] 
 
So far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of 
the Instruments has an interest material to the offer, except that 
certain Dealers and their affiliates may be customers of, and 
borrowers from or creditors of the Issuer or the Guarantor and 
its affiliates. In addition, certain of the Dealers and their affiliates 
have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may 
perform services for the Issuer or the Guarantor or their 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business. 
Nach Kenntnis der Emittentin bestehen bei den an der Emission 
beteiligten Personen keine Interessen, die für das Angebot 
bedeutsam sind, außer, dass bestimmte Platzeure und mit 
ihnen verbundene Unternehmen Kunden von, Kreditnehmer 
der oder Kreditgeber der Emittentin oder der Garantin und mit 
ihr verbundener Unternehmen sein können. Außerdem sind 
bestimmte Platzeure an Investment Banking Transaktionen 
und/oder Commercial Banking Transaktionen mit der Emittentin 
oder der Garantin beteiligt, oder könnten sich in Zukunft daran 
beteiligen. 
 
Other interest 
Andere Interessen 
[Specify details] 
[Einzelheiten angeben] 
Reasons for the offer and use of proceeds20 
Gründe für das Angebot und Verwendung der Erträge20 
[Specify details] 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Estimated net proceeds 
Geschätzter Nettobetrag der Erträge 
[●] 
Selling Restrictions 
Verkaufsbeschränkungen 
Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in the European 
Economic Area21 
Verkaufsverbot an Kleinanleger im Europäischen 
Wirtschaftsraum21 
[Applicable] [Not applicable] 
[Anwendbar] 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in the United Kingdom21 
Verkaufsverbot an Kleinanleger im Vereinigten Königreich21 
[Applicable] [Not applicable] 
[Anwendbar] [Nicht 
anwendbar] 
 
19  There is no obligation to complete Part II. of the Final Terms in its entirety in case of Instruments that will not be listed on any regulated 
market within the European Economic Area. To be completed in consultation with the Issuer. 
19  Es besteht keine Verpflichtung, Teil II. der Endgültigen Bedingungen vollständig auszufüllen, sofern die Schuldverschreibungen nicht 
an einem regulierten Markt innerhalb des Europäischen Wirtschaftsraums zum Handel zugelassen werden. In Absprache mit der 
Emittentin auszufüllen. 
20  If reasons for the offer is different from general financing purposes of the Siemens Group include those reasons here. 
20  Sofern die Gründe für das Angebot nicht in allgemeinen Finanzierungszwecken des Siemens Konzerns bestehen, sind die Gründe 
hier anzugeben. 
21  If the Instruments clearly do not constitute “packaged” products, “Not applicable” should be specified. If the Instruments may constitute 
“packaged” products and no KID will be prepared, “Applicable” should be specified. 
21  Wenn die Instrumente eindeutig keine „verpackten“ Produkte sind, so sollte „Nicht anwendbar“ ausgewählt werden. Wenn die 
Instrumente „verpackte“ Produkte darstellen können und kein KID vorbereitet wird, ist „Anwendbar“ auszuwählen.

--- Page 152 ---
151 
United States Treasury Regulations 
Vorschriften des Finanzministeriums der Vereinigten Staaten 
 
C Rules22 
C Rules22 
 
D Rules23 
D Rules23 
Eurosystem eligibility 
EZB-Fähigkeit 
 
Intended to be held in a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility24 
Soll in EZB-fähiger Weise gehalten werden24 
[Yes/No] [N/A] 
[Ja/Nein] [N/A] 
[Note that the designation “yes” 
simply 
means 
that 
the 
Instruments are intended upon 
issue to be deposited with one 
of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper 
and 
does 
not 
necessarily mean that the 
Instruments will be recognized 
as 
eligible 
collateral 
for 
Eurosystem monetary policy 
and intraday credit operations 
by the Eurosystem either upon 
issue or at any or all times 
during 
their 
life. 
Such 
recognition will depend upon 
the European Central Bank 
being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been 
met.] 
[Whilst 
the 
designation 
is 
specified as “no” at the date of 
these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
be amended in the future such 
that 
the 
Instruments 
are 
capable of meeting them, the 
Instruments 
may 
then 
be 
deposited with one of the 
ICSDs as common safekeeper. 
Note 
that 
this 
does 
not 
necessarily mean that the 
Instruments 
will 
then 
be 
recognized as eligible collateral 
for 
Eurosystem 
monetary 
 
22  Only applicable for Instruments issued by Siemens Aktiengesellschaft or Siemens Financieringsmaatschappij N.V. 
Select for Instruments which are to be kept in custody by CBF or an ICSD in Permanent Global Instrument form only. 
22  Nur bei Inhaberschuldverschreibungen die durch Siemens Aktiengesellschaft oder Siemens Financieringsmaatschappij N.V. begeben 
werden anwendbar. Auszuwählen, falls die Schuldverschreibungen von CBF oder einem ICSD nur in Form einer Dauerglobalurkunde 
gehalten werden. 
23  Only applicable for Instruments issued by Siemens Aktiengesellschaft or Siemens Financieringsmaatschappij N.V. 
Select for Instruments which are to be kept in custody by CBF or an ICSD in Temporary Global Instrument form exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Instrument. 
23  Nur bei Inhaberschuldverschreibungen die durch Siemens Aktiengesellschaft oder Siemens Financieringsmaatschappij N.V. begeben 
werden anwendbar. Auszuwählen, falls die Schuldverschreibungen von CBF oder einem ICSD in Form einer gegen eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde austauschbaren vorläufigen Globalurkunde gehalten werden. 
24  Only applicable for Instruments in NGN form. Select “Yes” if the Instruments are to be kept in custody by an ICSD as common 
safekeeper. Select “No” if the Instruments are to be kept in custody by the common service provider as common safekeeper. 
24  Nur bei Schuldverschreibungen in Form einer NGN anwendbar. „Ja“ wählen, falls die Schuldverschreibungen von einem ICSD als 
common safekeeper gehalten werden sollen. „Nein“ wählen, falls die Schuldverschreibungen vom common service provider als 
common safekeeper gehalten werden sollen.

--- Page 153 ---
152 
policy 
and 
intraday 
credit 
operations by the Eurosystem 
at any time during their life. 
Such recognition will depend 
upon the European Central 
Bank 
being 
satisfied 
that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met.] 
[Es wird darauf hingewiesen, 
dass 
„Ja“ 
hier 
lediglich 
bedeutet, 
dass 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
nach 
ihrer Begebung bei einem der 
ICSDs 
als 
gemeinsamen 
Verwahrer verwahrt werden. 
„Ja“ 
bedeutet 
nicht 
notwendigerweise, dass die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
als 
geeignete Sicherheit im Sinne 
der 
Währungspolitik 
des 
Eurosystems 
und 
der 
taggleichen 
Überziehungen 
(intra-day credit operations) 
des 
Eurosystems 
entweder 
nach Begebung oder zu einem 
Zeitpunkt 
während 
ihrer 
Existenz anerkannt werden. 
Eine solche Anerkennung wird 
von der Entscheidung der 
Europäischen 
Zentralbank 
abhängen, 
dass 
die 
Eurosystemfähigkeitskriterien 
erfüllt werden.] 
[Während die Bestimmung am 
Tag 
dieser 
Endgültigen 
Bedingungen 
mit 
„Nein“ 
festgelegt wurde, können sich 
die 
Eurosystemfähigkeitskriterien 
für die Zukunft derart ändern, 
dass 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
fähig 
sein werden diese einzuhalten. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
können dann bei einem der 
ICSDs 
als 
gemeinsamen 
Verwahrer hinterlegt werden. 
Es wird darauf hingewiesen, 
dass 
dies 
nicht 
notwendigerweise 
bedeutet, 
dass 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
als 
geeignete Sicherheit im Sinne 
der 
Währungspolitik 
des 
Eurosystems 
und 
der 
taggleichen 
Überziehungen 
(intra-day credit operations) 
des 
Eurosystem 
entweder 
nach Begebung oder zu einem 
Zeitpunkt 
während 
ihrer 
Existenz anerkannt werden. 
Eine solche Anerkennung wird

--- Page 154 ---
153 
von der Entscheidung der 
Europäischen 
Zentralbank 
abhängen, 
dass 
die 
Eurosystemfähigkeitskriterien 
erfüllt werden.] 
 
Not applicable (CGN)25 
Nicht anwendbar (CGN)25 
 
Intended to be held in a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility (CBF) 
Soll in EZB-fähiger Weise gehalten werden (CBF) 
[Note that the ticked box means 
that 
the 
Instruments 
are 
intended upon issue to be 
deposited 
with 
Clearstream 
Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main 
and 
that 
this 
does 
not 
necessarily mean that the 
Instruments will be recognized 
as eligible collateral by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue 
or at any or all times during 
their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon satisfaction of the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria.]26 
[Es wird darauf hingewiesen, 
dass das Häkchen in dem 
Kästchen bedeutet, dass die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
nach 
ihrer 
Begebung 
von 
Clearstream 
Banking 
AG, 
Frankfurt am Main verwahrt 
werden und dass dies nicht 
notwendigerweise 
bedeutet, 
dass 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
bei 
ihrer 
Begebung, 
zu 
irgendeinem 
Zeitpunkt 
während ihrer Laufzeit oder 
während 
ihrer 
gesamten 
Laufzeit 
als 
EZB-fähige 
Sicherheiten 
anerkannt 
werden. 
Eine 
solche 
Anerkennung hängt davon ab, 
ob die Zulässigkeitskriterien 
des Eurosystems erfüllt sind.]26  
B. 
Information concerning the securities to be offered/ 
admitted to trading 
Informationen über die anzubietenden bzw. zum Handel 
zuzulassenden Wertpapiere 
Securities Identification Numbers 
Wertpapier-Kenn-Nummern 
Common Code 
Common Code 
[●] 
 
25  Select if the Instruments are in CGN form. 
25  Wählen, falls die Schuldverschreibungen in Form einer CGN begeben werden. 
26  Select if the physical Instruments are intended upon issue to be deposited with Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt. 
26  Wählen, falls die physisch verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen nach ihrer Begebung von Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt verwahrt 
werden.

--- Page 155 ---
154 
ISIN 
ISIN 
[●] 
German Securities Code 
Deutsche Wertpapier-Kenn-Nummer (WKN) 
[●] 
[Financial Instrument Short Name (FISN) 
Emittenten- und Instrumenten-Kurzname (FISN) 
[●]] 
[Classification of Financial Instrument Code (CFI) 
Klassifizierungscode von Finanzinstrumenten (CFI-Code) 
[●]] 
[Any other securities number 
Sonstige Wertpapiernummer 
[●]] 
Description of any market disruption or settlement disruption events 
that effect the [EURIBOR][SOFR][SONIA] rates 
[Not 
applicable] 
[See condition 3 of the Terms 
and Conditions] 
Beschreibung etwaiger Ereignisse, die eine Störung des Marktes 
oder der Abrechnung bewirken und die [EURIBOR][SOFR][SONIA] 
Sätze beeinflussen 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Siehe § 3 
der Anleihebedingungen] 
Yield to final maturity27 
Rendite bei Endfälligkeit27 
[●] 
Representation of debt security holders including an identification of 
the organization representing the investors and provisions applying 
to such representation. Indication of the website where investors 
may have free access to the contracts relating to these forms of 
representation.28 
Vertretung der Inhaber von Nichtdividendenwerten unter Angabe 
der die Anleger vertretenden Organisation und der für diese 
Vertretung geltenden Bestimmungen. Angabe der Website, auf der 
die Öffentlichkeit die Verträge, die diese Repräsentationsformen 
regeln, kostenlos einsehen kann.28 
[Not 
applicable] 
[Specify 
details] 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Resolutions, authorizations and approvals by virtue of which 
the Instruments will be created 
[Specify details] 
Beschlüsse, Ermächtigungen und Genehmigungen, welche 
die Grundlage für die Schaffung der Schuldverschreibungen 
bilden 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
If different from the Issuer, the identity and contact details of the 
offeror, of the Instruments and/or the person asking for admission 
to trading, including the legal entity identifier (‘LEI’) where the 
offeror has legal personality. 
[Not applicable] 
[Specify details] 
Sofern der Anbieter nicht dieselbe Person wie der Emittent ist, 
Angabe der Identität und der Kontaktdaten des Anbieters der 
Schuldverschreibungen und/oder der die Zulassung zum Handel 
beantragenden Person einschließlich der Rechtsträgerkennung 
(LEI), falls der Anbieter Rechtspersönlichkeit hat. 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Method of distribution 
Vertriebsmethode 
 
Non-syndicated 
Nicht syndiziert 
 
Syndicated 
Syndiziert 
Stabilization Dealer(s)/Manager(s) 
Kursstabilisierende(r) Platzeur(e)/Manager 
[None] [Specify details] 
 
27  Only applicable for Fixed Rate Instruments. 
27  Nur für festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar. 
28  Specify further details in the case a Holders’ Representative will be appointed in condition 13 of the Conditions. 
28  Weitere Einzelheiten für den Fall einfügen, dass § 13 der Bedingungen einen Gemeinsamen Vertreter bestimmt.

--- Page 156 ---
155 
[Keiner] [Einzelheiten 
einfügen] 
C. 
Listing and admission to trading 
Börsenzulassung und Notierungsaufnahme 
[Yes/No] 
[Ja/Nein] 
 
Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
Regulierter Markt der Luxemburger Wertpapierbörse 
 
Other Stock Exchange 
Andere Börse 
[Specify Stock Exchange] 
[Börse einfügen] 
Date of admission 
Datum der Zulassung 
[●] 
Estimate of the total expenses related to admission to trading 
Geschätzte Gesamtkosten für die Zulassung zum Handel 
[●] 
Issue Price 
Ausgabepreis 
[●] per cent 
[●] % 
Name and address of the entities which have a firm commitment to 
act as intermediaries in secondary trading, providing liquidity 
through bid and offer rates and description of the main terms of 
their commitment29 
Name und Anschrift der Institute, die aufgrund einer festen Zusage 
als Intermediäre im Sekundärhandel tätig sind und Liquidität 
mittels Geld- und Briefkursen erwirtschaften, und Beschreibung 
der Hauptbedingungen der Zusagevereinbarung29 
[Not applicable] 
[Specify details] 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
D. 
Additional Information 
Zusätzliche Informationen 
Rating30 
Rating30 
[Specify details of rating and 
insert brief explanation of the 
meaning of the rating] 
[Einzelheiten des Ratings und 
kurze Erläuterung der 
Bedeutung des Ratings 
einfügen] 
 
Not rated 
Nicht geratet 
 
The Instruments to be issued have been rated by 
 
Die zu begebenden Schuldverschreibungen wurden 
geratet von 
[Insert full name of legal entity 
which has given the rating] 
[Vollständigen Namen der 
juristischen Person, die das 
Rating abgibt, einfügen] 
The Rating Agency: 
Die Rating Agentur: 
 
is not established in the European Union [or the 
United Kingdom] but an affiliate located in the 
European Union has applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended) 
indicating an intention to endorse its ratings, 
although 
notification 
of 
the 
corresponding 
registration decision (including its ability to 
endorse [insert name of Rating Agency]’s ratings) 
has not yet been provided by the relevant 
competent authority. 
 
29 Complete with respect to Instruments, which are intended to be admitted to trading on a regulated market. 
29  Bei Schuldverschreibungen deren Zulassung zum Handel an einem geregelten Markt beantrag werden soll auszufüllen 
30  If the Instruments are rated on an individual basis insert such individual rating and include a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
ratings if this has been previously published by the rating provider. 
30  Wenn ein Einzelrating für die Schuldverschreibungen vorliegt, ist dieses mit einer kurzen Erläuterung der Bedeutung des Ratings 
anzugeben, wenn dieses unlängst von der Ratingagentur erstellt wurde.

--- Page 157 ---
156 
hat ihren Sitz nicht in der Europäischen Union, 
[oder im Vereinigten Königreich] aber eine 
Tochtergesellschaft mit Sitz in der Europäischen 
Union 
hat 
die 
Registrierung 
gemäß 
der 
Verordnung (EG) Nr. 1060/2009 (in der jeweils 
gültigen Fassung) beantragt und die Absicht 
angezeigt, Ratings abzugeben, obwohl die 
entsprechende 
Registrierungsentscheidung 
(einschließlich der Entscheidung über die Nutzung 
von Ratings, die von [Name der Ratingagentur 
einfügen] 
abgegeben 
wurden) 
durch 
die 
zuständige Aufsichtsbehörde noch nicht zugestellt 
wurde. 
 
is established in the European Union [or the 
United Kingdom] and has applied for registration 
under 
Regulation 
(EC) 
No 1060/2009 
(as amended), 
although 
notification 
of 
the 
corresponding registration decision has not yet 
been provided by the relevant competent 
authority. 
hat ihren Sitz in der Europäischen Union [oder im 
Vereinigten Königreich] und die Registrierung 
gemäß der Verordnung (EG) Nr. 1060/2009 (in 
der 
jeweils 
gültigen 
Fassung) 
beantragt, 
wenngleich die Registrierungsentscheidung der 
zuständigen 
Aufsichtsbehörde 
noch 
nicht 
zugestellt worden ist. 
 
[is][is not] established in the European Union [or 
the United Kingdom] and [is][is not] [(pursuant to 
the list of registered and certified credit rating 
agencies published on the website of the 
European Securities and Markets Authority 
(www.esma.europa.eu))] 
registered 
under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended). 
hat ihren Sitz [nicht] in der Europäischen Union 
[oder im Vereinigten Königreich] und [ist][ist nicht] 
[(gemäß 
der 
Liste 
der 
registrierten 
und 
zertifizierten Kreditratingagenturen, veröffentlicht 
auf der Internetseite der European Securities and 
Markets 
Authority 
(www.esma.europa.eu))] 
gemäß der Verordnung (EG) Nr. 1060/2009 
(in der jeweils gültigen Fassung) registriert. 
Registration of the Administrator pursuant to the Benchmarks 
Regulation  
Registrierung des Administrators gemäß der Benchmark-
Verordnung 
Benchmark 
[insert name of the 
Benchmark] 
Benchmark 
[Namen der Benchmark 
einfügen] 
Benchmark Administrator 
[insert name of the 
Administrator] 
Administrator der Benchmark 
[Namen des Administrators 
einfügen]

--- Page 158 ---
157 
Registration of the Benchmark Administrator in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) pursuant to 
article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of June 8, 2016 on indices used as benchmarks 
in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the 
performance of investment funds and amending Directives 
2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 as 
amended (the “Benchmarks Regulation”) 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
applicable]
[the 
provisions 
of 
the 
Benchmarks Regulation do not 
apply], such that [insert name 
of 
Administrator] 
is 
not
currently required to obtain 
recognition, 
endorsement 
or 
equivalence. 
Eintragung des Benchmark-Administrators in das von der 
Europäischen Wertpapier- und Marktaufsichtsbehörde („ESMA“) 
gemäß 
Artikel 
36 
der 
Verordnung 
(EU) 
2016/1011 
des 
Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 8. Juni 2016 über 
Indizes, die bei Finanzinstrumenten und Finanzkontrakten als 
Referenzwert oder zur Messung der Wertentwicklung eines 
Investmentfonds verwendet werden, und zur Änderung der 
Richtlinien 2008/48/EG und 2014/17/EU sowie der Verordnung (EU) 
Nr. 596/2014 in der jeweils gültigen Fassung (die „Benchmark-
Verordnung“) erstellte und geführte Register der Administratoren 
[Zutreffend] [Nicht zutreffend]
[gelten die Bestimmungen der 
Benchmark-Verordnung nicht],
weshalb 
für 
[Namen 
des 
Administrators 
einfügen]
derzeit keine Anerkennungs-,
Übernahme- 
oder 
Gleichwertigkeitspflicht besteht. 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION  
INFORMATIONEN VON SEITEN DRITTER  
 
[With respect to any information included herein and specified to be sourced from a third party 
(i) [each of] the Issuer [and the Guarantor severally] confirm[s] that any such information has been 
accurately reproduced and as far as [it/they] [is/are] aware and [is/are] able to ascertain from information 
available to it from such third party, no facts have been omitted the omission of which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading and (ii) [each of] the Issuer [and the Guarantor] 
[has/have] not independently verified any such information and accept[s] no responsibility for the 
accuracy thereof. 
Hinsichtlich der hierin enthaltenen und als solche gekennzeichneten Informationen von Seiten 
Dritter gilt Folgendes: (i) Die Emittentin [und die Garantin] [bestätigt/bestätigen jede für sich], dass diese 
Informationen zutreffend wiedergegeben worden sind und — soweit es [ihr/ihnen] bekannt ist und sie 
aus den von diesen Dritten zur Verfügung gestellten Informationen ableiten konnte[n] — keine Fakten 
weggelassen wurden, deren Fehlen die reproduzierten Informationen unzutreffend oder irreführend 
gestalten würden; (ii) die Emittentin [und die Garantin] [hat/haben] diese Informationen nicht selbständig 
überprüft und [übernimmt/übernehmen] keine Verantwortung für ihre Richtigkeit.]  
 
[Not applicable]  
[Nicht anwendbar] 
 
[Signed on behalf of [Siemens Capital Company LLC] [Siemens Financieringsmaatschappij N.V.]:  
Unterschriften durch die [Siemens Capital Company LLC] [Siemens Financieringsmaatschappij N.V.]:  
 
By/Durch: 
By/Durch: 
Duly authorized/ordnungsgemäß bevollmächtigt 
Duly authorized/ordnungsgemäß bevollmächtigt] 
  
Signed on behalf of Siemens Aktiengesellschaft:  
Unterschriften durch die Siemens Aktiengesellschaft:  
 
By/Durch: 
By/Durch: 
Duly authorized/ordnungsgemäß bevollmächtigt 
Duly authorized/ordnungsgemäß bevollmächtigt

--- Page 159 ---
158 
4. 
Use of Proceeds 
Except as otherwise described in the relevant Final Terms, if applicable, the net proceeds of the 
issue of Instruments will be applied by the relevant Issuer to meet part of its general financing 
requirements or may be on-lent by the Issuer to the Guarantor (unless the Issuer is the Guarantor) 
and/or entities owned directly or indirectly by the Guarantor for general corporate purposes.

--- Page 160 ---
159 
PART D: GUARANTEES 
1. Guarantee for Instruments issued by Siemens Capital Company LLC 
1. Garantie bezüglich Schuldverschreibungen begeben von der Siemens Capital Company LLC 
BINDING GERMAN VERSION OF THE 
GUARANTEE 
NON-BINDING ENGLISH TRANSLATION OF 
THE GUARANTEE 
SCC-GARANTIE 
SCC GUARANTEE 
der 
by 
SIEMENS AKTIENGESELLSCHAFT 
(Eine Aktiengesellschaft mit eingetragenem Sitz 
in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland) 
SIEMENS AKTIENGESELLSCHAFT 
(A stock corporation incorporated in the Federal 
Republic of Germany) 
in Bezug auf Schuldverschreibungen begeben 
in respect of Instruments issued 
von der 
by 
SIEMENS CAPITAL COMPANY LLC 
(Eine Gesellschaft mit beschränkter Haftung 
unter dem Recht des Staates Delaware, 
Vereinigte Staaten von Amerika) 
SIEMENS CAPITAL COMPANY LLC 
(A limited liability company organized under the 
laws of the State of Delaware, United States of 
America) 
(A) 
Die 
Siemens 
Aktiengesellschaft, 
die 
Siemens Capital Company LLC und die 
Siemens Financieringsmaatschappij N.V. 
haben ein €35.000.000.000 Programm für 
die Begebung von Schuldverschreibungen 
aufgesetzt („Programm“). 
(A) Siemens 
Aktiengesellschaft, 
Siemens 
Capital 
Company 
LLC 
and 
Siemens 
Financieringsmaatschappij 
N.V. 
have 
established a €35,000,000,000 Programme 
for the issuance of debt instruments 
(“Programme”). 
(B) 
Unter dem Programm kann die Siemens 
Capital Company LLC („SCC“) von Zeit zu 
Zeit Schuldverschreibungen emittieren. 
(B) Pursuant to the Programme, Siemens 
Capital Company LLC (“SCC”) may issue 
debt instruments from time to time. 
(C) Die 
Siemens 
Aktiengesellschaft 
(„Garantin“) ist bereit, die Zahlung aller 
nach den maßgeblichen Bedingungen (wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen (wie nachstehend 
definiert) fälligen Beträge nach 
den 
Maßgaben 
dieser 
SCC-Garantie 
zu 
garantieren. 
(C) Siemens Aktiengesellschaft (“Guarantor”) 
has agreed to guarantee in accordance with 
the provision of this SCC Guarantee the 
payment of those amounts due pursuant to 
the relevant Conditions (as defined below) of 
the Instruments (as defined below). 
ES WIRD HIERMIT FOLGENDES 
VEREINBART: 
IT IS HEREBY AGREED AS FOLLOWS: 
1. 
Begriffsbestimmungen 
1. 
Definitions 
In dieser SCC-Garantie: 
In this SCC Guarantee: 
„Bedingungen“ 
bezeichnet 
die 
Emissionsbedingungen 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen, so wie sie durch die 
Angaben 
der 
jeweiligen 
Endgültigen 
Bedingungen vervollständigt wurden. 
“Conditions” means the terms and conditions of 
the Instruments, as completed by the relevant 
Final Terms. 
„Schuldverschreibung“ 
bezeichnet 
jede 
Schuldverschreibung, die von SCC unter dem 
Programm emittiert wird. 
“Instrument” means any debt instrument issued 
by SCC under the Programme. 
„SCC-Gläubiger“ bezeichnet jeden Inhaber 
eines 
Miteigentumsanteils 
oder 
anderen 
vergleichbaren 
Rechts 
an 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
“SCC Holder” means any holder of a proportionate 
co-ownership interest or other similar right in the 
Instruments. 
„Treuhänder“ 
bezeichnet 
Luther 
Rechtsanwaltsgesellschaft 
mbH, 
als 
Treuhänder für die SCC-Gläubiger handelnd. 
“Trustee” 
means 
Luther 
Rechtsanwaltsgesellschaft mbH, acting as trustee 
for the SCC Holders.

--- Page 161 ---
160 
„SCC-Treuhandvertrag“ 
ist 
der 
Treuhandvertrag 
vom 
9. Dezember 2024 
zwischen dem Treuhänder, SCC als Emittentin 
von Schuldverschreibungen und der Garantin. 
“SCC Trust Agreement” means the trust 
agreement between the Trustee, SCC as Issuer of 
the 
Instruments 
and 
the 
Guarantor 
dated 
December 9, 2024. 
Begriffe, die in den Bedingungen definiert sind, 
haben in dieser SCC-Garantie die gleiche 
Bedeutung, soweit nicht hier etwas anderes 
bestimmt ist. 
Expressions defined in the Conditions will have the 
same meanings in this SCC Guarantee unless 
otherwise defined herein. 
2. 
SCC-Garantie 
2. 
SCC Guarantee 
Die Garantin garantiert hiermit dem Treuhänder 
unbedingt und unwiderruflich die Zahlung 
sämtlicher gemäß den Bedingungen fälliger 
Beträge. 
The 
Guarantor 
hereby 
unconditionally 
and 
irrevocably guarantees to the Trustee the payment 
of all amounts due in accordance with the 
Conditions. 
Die 
SCC-Garantie 
begründet 
eine 
nicht 
nachrangige 
und 
(vorbehaltlich 
der 
nachstehenden 
Negativerklärung) 
nicht 
besicherte 
Verbindlichkeit 
der 
Garantin 
gegenüber dem Treuhänder, die im Rahmen 
einer 
freiwilligen 
Abwicklung 
oder 
eines 
förmlichen, 
gesetzlich 
geregelten 
und 
unfreiwilligen Insolvenzverfahrens nach dem 
Gesetzesrecht des Sitzstaates der Garantin mit 
allen anderen nicht nachrangigen und nicht 
besicherten Verbindlichkeiten der Garantin 
gleichrangig ist, soweit diesen Verbindlichkeiten 
nicht durch gesetzliche Bestimmungen ein 
Vorrang eingeräumt wird. 
The 
SCC 
Guarantee 
constitutes 
an 
unsubordinated and (subject to the negative 
pledge below) unsecured obligation of the 
Guarantor to the Trustee ranking pari passu in any 
voluntary winding up or formal, statutory and 
involuntary bankruptcy proceeding according to 
statutory law in the jurisdiction of the place of 
incorporation of the Guarantor with all other 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the 
Guarantor, except for any obligations preferred by 
law. 
Auf schriftliche Aufforderung des Treuhänders 
wird die Garantin alle Zahlungen gemäß dieser 
SCC-Garantie ausführen, wenn SCC aus 
irgendeinem Grund nicht den Betrag zahlt, der 
gemäß den Bedingungen fällig ist. Zahlungen in 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
dieser 
SCC-Garantie 
erfolgen 
ausschließlich 
gemäß 
§ 4 
der 
Bedingungen. 
Upon written request of the Trustee, the Guarantor 
will effect all payments under this SCC Guarantee, 
if SCC for any reason fails to effect payment of the 
amounts due in accordance with the Conditions. 
Payments in connection with this SCC Guarantee 
shall be made solely in accordance with 
condition 4 of the Conditions. 
Die aus dieser SCC-Garantie erwachsenden 
Rechte 
werden 
ausschließlich 
von 
dem 
Treuhänder gehalten und geltend gemacht. 
The rights arising from this SCC Guarantee will be 
held and exercised exclusively by the Trustee. 
Sollte 
ein 
Ereignis 
eintreten, 
das 
nach 
vernünftiger Beurteilung des Treuhänders dazu 
führt, dass er nicht mehr in der Lage ist, seine 
Pflichten unter dem SCC-Treuhandvertrag zu 
erfüllen, so wird er bei vorheriger schriftlicher 
Zustimmung 
der 
Garantin 
ein 
adäquates 
Unternehmen 
mit 
anerkanntem 
Ruf 
als 
Nachfolger beauftragen („Beauftragung“); eine 
solche schriftliche Zustimmung kann nicht ohne 
angemessenen 
Grund 
verweigert 
oder 
verzögert werden. Ein Unternehmen ist ein 
„adäquates Unternehmen mit anerkanntem 
Ruf“, 
wenn 
es 
nach 
dem 
Recht 
der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder der Schweiz 
organisiert ist, einer etwaigen Aufsicht in der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder der Schweiz 
unterliegt und außerdem (i) autorisiert ist, als 
Unternehmenstreuhänder tätig zu sein, (ii) nicht 
weniger Eigenkapital als der Treuhänder hat 
und (iii) weder direkt noch indirekt von der 
Garantin kontrolliert wird bzw. nicht von einer 
Should an event occur which, in the reasonable 
judgment of the Trustee, results in it being unable 
to perform its duties pursuant to the SCC Trust 
Agreement, the Trustee will, with the prior written 
consent of the Guarantor (such consent not to be 
unreasonably withheld or delayed), appoint 
(“Appointment”) another Appropriate Enterprise 
of Recognized Standing as its successor. An 
enterprise is an “Appropriate Enterprise of 
Recognized Standing” if it is an enterprise, 
organized under the laws of, and subject to 
supervision by regulatory authorities, if any, in the 
Federal Republic of Germany or Switzerland and 
(i) authorized to exercise corporate trust powers, 
(ii) with shareholders’ equity not less than that of 
the Trustee, and (iii) not directly or indirectly 
controlled by the Guarantor or by a person who 
itself controls the Guarantor. Should the Trustee 
be unable or fail to make such an Appointment, 
then the Guarantor will do so. Such Appointment

--- Page 162 ---
161 
Person kontrolliert wird, die ebenfalls die 
Garantin kontrolliert. Sollte der Treuhänder zur 
Beauftragung nicht in der Lage sein oder dieser 
Verpflichtung nicht nachkommen, so wird dies 
durch die Garantin erfolgen. Eine solche 
Beauftragung ist gemäß § 12 der Bedingungen 
unverzüglich bekannt zu machen. 
will be promptly notified pursuant to condition 12 of 
the Conditions. 
Die Garantin verpflichtet sich, solange die von 
SCC 
begebenen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ausstehen, jedoch nur bis zu dem Zeitpunkt, an 
dem alle Beträge an Kapital und Zinsen für die 
Schuldverschreibungen der Emissionsstelle zur 
Verfügung 
gestellt 
worden 
sind, 
keine 
Grundpfandrechte 
oder 
keine 
anderen 
dinglichen Sicherungsrechte über ihr in der 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland 
belegenes 
Immobiliarvermögen als Sicherheit für eine 
Internationale 
Anleiheemission 
(wie 
nachstehend definiert) zu bestellen, ohne die 
SCC-Garantie gleichzeitig oder vorher in 
gleicher Weise und anteilig zu besichern. 
The Guarantor undertakes, for so long as the 
Instruments issued by SCC remain outstanding, 
but only up to the time at which all amounts of 
principal and interest in respect of the Instruments 
have been placed at the disposal of the Fiscal 
Agent, not to grant any land charge or other 
security right in rem over its real estate located in 
the Federal Republic of Germany, as security for 
any International Bond Issue (as defined below) 
without at the same time, or prior thereto, securing 
the SCC Guarantee equally and ratably therewith. 
„Internationale Anleiheemission“ ist jede 
Verbindlichkeit 
der 
Garantin 
mit 
einer 
ursprünglichen Laufzeit von mehr als einem 
Jahr, deren Nennwert nicht auf Euro lautet oder 
deren Rückzahlung in einer anderen Währung 
oder Rechnungseinheit als dem Euro zu 
erfolgen hat oder jede Verbindlichkeit eines mit 
der Garantin im Sinne der §§ 15 ff. Aktiengesetz 
verbundenen Unternehmens, das nicht in der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland ansässig ist, mit 
einer ursprünglichen Laufzeit von mehr als 
einem 
Jahr, 
und 
die 
jeweils 
durch 
Schuldverschreibungen verbrieft ist, die an einer 
Börse, im außerbörslichen Handel oder an 
einem anderen anerkannten Wertpapiermarkt 
notiert oder gehandelt werden oder werden 
können. 
“International Bond Issue” means any obligation 
of the Guarantor with an original maturity of more 
than one year which is denominated or repayable 
in a currency or accounting unit other than Euro, or 
any obligation of any of the Guarantor’s associated 
enterprises within the meaning of Sections 15 
et seq. of the German Stock Corporation Act which 
is not resident in the Federal Republic of Germany 
with an original maturity of more than one year, 
and, each represented by debt securities which 
are, or are capable of being, listed or traded on a 
stock exchange or other recognized securities 
market (including without limitation, any over-the-
counter-market). 
Sinn und Zweck dieser SCC-Garantie ist es zu 
erreichen, dass der Treuhänder ungeachtet der 
Gültigkeit 
und 
Durchsetzbarkeit 
der 
Verbindlichkeiten 
von 
SCC 
oder 
jeder 
Gesellschaft, 
die 
SCC gemäß 
§ 10 der 
Bedingungen 
ersetzt 
(„Nachfolgeschuldnerin“), und unabhängig 
von etwaigen anderen Gründen, aus denen 
SCC oder die Nachfolgeschuldnerin nicht in der 
Lage ist, Zahlung zu bewirken, die unter den 
Schuldverschreibungen fälligen Beträge erhält. 
The intent and purpose of this SCC Guarantee is 
to ensure that the Trustee receives regardless of 
the validity and enforceability of the obligations of 
SCC or any company, which may have been 
substituted for SCC pursuant to condition 10 of the 
Conditions 
(“Substituted 
Debtor”) 
and 
irrespective of any other grounds on which SCC or 
the Substituted Debtor is not in a position to effect 
payment, the amounts due under the Instruments. 
Sämtliche 
unter 
dieser 
SCC-Garantie 
zu 
zahlenden Beträge sind von der Garantin an der 
Quelle ohne Abzug oder Einbehalt von oder 
aufgrund von gegenwärtig oder zukünftig 
bestehenden Steuern oder sonstigen Abgaben 
gleich welcher Art zu leisten, die von der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder für deren 
Rechnung oder von oder für Rechnung einer mit 
dem Recht zur Steuererhebung versehenen 
politischen Untergliederung oder Behörde der 
Vorgenannten auferlegt oder erhoben werden, 
es sei denn, dieser Abzug oder Einbehalt ist 
All amounts payable in respect of this 
SCC Guarantee by the Guarantor shall be made 
without deduction or withholding at source for or 
on account of any present or future taxes or 
other duties of any nature whatsoever imposed 
or charged by or on behalf of the Federal 
Republic of Germany or by or on behalf of any 
political subdivision or authority thereof having 
power to tax, unless such deduction or 
withholding is required by law. In such event, the 
Guarantor shall pay such additional amounts 
(“Additional Amounts”) as may be necessary

--- Page 163 ---
162 
gesetzlich vorgeschrieben. In diesem Fall wird 
die Garantin diejenigen zusätzlichen Beträge 
(„zusätzlichen 
Beträge“) 
zahlen, 
die 
erforderlich sind, damit die dem SCC-Gläubiger 
zufließenden Nettobeträge nach diesem Abzug 
oder Einbehalt den Beträgen entsprechen, die 
der SCC-Gläubiger ohne einen solchen Abzug 
oder Einbehalt erhalten hätte. Die Verpflichtung 
zur Zahlung solcher zusätzlicher Beträge in 
Bezug 
auf 
Zahlungen 
auf 
eine 
Schuldverschreibung oder unter dieser SCC-
Garantie besteht jedoch nicht im Hinblick auf 
Steuern und Abgaben, die 
in order that the net amounts received by the 
SCC Holder of the relevant Instrument after 
such deduction or withholding shall equal the 
respective amounts, which would have been 
receivable by such SCC Holder had no such 
deduction or withholding been required. No such 
Additional Amounts shall, however, be payable 
in relation to any payment in respect of any 
Instrument or under this SCC Guarantee on 
account of any taxes or duties which: 
a) 
von 
einer 
als 
Depotbank 
oder 
Inkassobeauftragter des SCC-Gläubigers 
handelnden 
Person 
abgezogen 
oder 
einbehalten werden oder sonst auf andere 
Weise zu entrichten sind als dadurch, dass 
die Garantin aus den von ihr zu leistenden 
Zahlungen einen Abzug oder Einbehalt 
vornimmt; oder 
a) 
are deducted or withheld by any person 
acting as a custodian bank or collecting 
agent on behalf of a SCC Holder, or 
otherwise payable in any manner which does 
not constitute a deduction or withholding by 
the Guarantor from payments of all amounts 
payable by it; or 
b) 
wegen einer gegenwärtigen oder früheren 
persönlichen 
oder 
geschäftlichen 
Beziehung des SCC-Gläubigers zu der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland zu zahlen 
sind, und nicht allein deshalb, weil 
Zahlungen auf eine Schuldverschreibung 
oder unter der SCC-Garantie aus Quellen 
in den Vereinigten Staaten oder der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland stammen, 
oder für Zwecke der Besteuerung so 
behandelt werden oder dort besichert sind; 
oder 
b) 
are payable by reason of the SCC Holder 
having, or having had, some personal or 
business 
connection 
with 
the 
Federal 
Republic of Germany and not merely by 
reason of the fact that payments in respect of 
any Instrument or under the SCC Guarantee 
are (or for the purpose of taxation are 
deemed to be) derived from sources in, or 
are secured in the United States, or the 
Federal Republic of Germany; or 
c) 
aufgrund 
(i) einer 
Richtlinie 
oder 
Verordnung 
der 
Europäischen 
Union 
betreffend 
die 
Besteuerung 
von 
Zinserträgen 
oder 
(ii) eines 
zwischenstaatlichen 
Abkommens 
oder 
einer zwischenstaatlichen Vereinbarung 
über deren Besteuerung, an der die 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder die 
Europäische Union beteiligt sind, oder 
(iii) einer gesetzlichen Vorschrift, die diese 
Richtlinie, Verordnung, Abkommen oder 
Vereinbarung umsetzt oder befolgt oder 
zur Anpassung an diese eingeführt wurde, 
abzuziehen oder einzubehalten sind; oder 
c) 
are deducted or withheld pursuant to 
(i) any European 
Union 
directive 
or 
regulation 
concerning 
the 
taxation 
of 
savings, or (ii) any international treaty or 
understanding relating to such taxation and 
to which the Federal Republic of Germany, or 
the European Union is a party, or (iii) any 
provision of law implementing, or complying 
with, or introduced to conform with, such 
Directive, 
Regulation, 
treaty 
or 
understanding; or 
d) 
zu 
zahlen 
sind, 
wenn 
die 
Schuldverschreibung mehr als 30 Tage 
nach dem Relevanten Datum zur Zahlung 
vorgelegt 
wird, 
es 
sei 
denn, 
der 
betreffende SCC-Gläubiger einer solchen 
Schuldverschreibung 
hätte 
auch 
bei 
Vorlegung am Ende oder vor Ablauf dieses 
Zeitraums von 30 Tagen einen Anspruch 
auf Erhalt dieser zusätzlichen Beträge 
gehabt; oder 
d) 
have to be paid in respect of any Instrument 
presented for payment more than 30 days 
after the Relevant Date, except to the extent 
that the relevant SCC Holder of such 
Instrument would have been entitled to such 
Additional Amounts on presenting the same 
Instrument for payment on or before the 
expiry of such period of 30 days; or 
e) 
(i) nicht erhoben worden wären, wenn der 
SCC-Gläubiger oder der wirtschaftliche 
Eigentümer 
einer 
solchen 
e) 
(i) would not have been imposed but for the 
failure 
to 
comply 
with 
certification, 
information, 
documentation 
or 
other

--- Page 164 ---
163 
Schuldverschreibung 
den 
Bescheinigungs-, 
Informations-, 
Dokumentations- 
oder 
anderen 
Berichtspflichten nachgekommen wäre, 
die sich auf die Nationalität, den Wohnsitz, 
die Identität oder gegenwärtige bzw. 
frühere Beziehungen zu den Vereinigten 
Staaten beziehen, sofern dies aufgrund 
von 
Gesetzen, 
Vorschriften 
oder 
gerichtlichen 
Entscheidungen 
der 
Vereinigten 
Staaten, 
einer 
Gebietskörperschaft 
der 
Vereinigten 
Staaten oder einer Steuerbehörde der 
Vereinigten Staaten eine Voraussetzung 
für die Entlastung oder Befreiung von 
solchen Steuern oder sonstigen Abgaben 
wäre, (ii) auf Zinsen erhoben werden, die 
eine Person erhalten hat, die tatsächlich 
oder unterstellt, gegenwärtig oder in der 
Zukunft 10 Prozent oder mehr der 
Stimmrechte aller Aktiengattungen der 
Siemens Corporation, New York, NY, USA 
hält (falls die Siemens Corporation die 
alleinige Gesellschafterin der SCC ist) 
oder, die 10 Prozent oder mehr des 
Kapital- oder Gewinnanteils der SCC hält, 
(falls es zwei oder mehrere Gesellschafter 
der SCC gibt), (iii) auf Zinsen erhoben 
werden, die eine Person erhalten hat, die 
im Hinblick auf die Vereinigten Staaten 
eine 
beherrschte 
ausländische 
Gesellschaft ist, die der SCC nahestehend 
ist, (iv) auf Zinsen erhoben werden, die 
eine 
Bank 
im 
Sinne 
von 
Section 881(c)(3)(A) des U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code von 1986, in der jeweils 
gültigen 
Fassung 
(„Gesetzbuch“), 
erhalten hat, (v) auf Beträge, die dem 
Einbehalt 
nach 
Section 1443 
des 
Gesetzbuches (Einbehalt im Hinblick auf 
ausländische 
steuerbefreite 
Organisationen) unterliegen oder (vi) auf 
bedingte 
Zinsen 
im 
Sinne 
von 
Section 871(h)(4) des 
Gesetzbuches 
erhoben werden; oder 
reporting 
requirements 
concerning 
the 
nationality, residence, identity or present or 
former connection with the United States of 
the SCC Holder or beneficial owner of such 
Instrument, if such compliance is required by 
statute, regulation or ruling of the United 
States or any political subdivision or taxing 
authority thereof as a precondition to relief or 
exemption from such tax or other duties, 
(ii) are imposed on interest received by a 
person holding, actually or constructively, 
now or in the future, 10 per cent or more of 
the total combined voting power of all classes 
of stock of Siemens Corporation, New York, 
NY, USA (in the event that Siemens 
Corporation is the sole member of SCC) or 
10 per cent or more of the capital or profits 
interest in SCC (in the event that there are 
two or more members of SCC), (iii) are 
imposed on interest received by a person, 
who is a controlled foreign corporation as to 
the United States, that is related to SCC, 
(iv) are imposed on interest received by a 
bank described in Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as 
amended (“Code”), (v) are imposed on 
amounts 
subject 
to 
withholding 
under 
Section 1443 
of 
the 
Code 
(regarding 
withholding 
on 
foreign 
tax-exempt 
organizations) 
or 
(vi) are 
imposed 
on 
contingent 
interest 
described 
in 
Section 871(h)(4) of the Code; or 
f) 
aufgrund einer Rechtsänderung zu zahlen 
sind, welche später als 30 Tage nach 
Fälligkeit der betreffenden Zahlung von 
Kapital oder Zinsen oder, wenn dies später 
erfolgt, 
nach 
ordnungsgemäßer 
Bereitstellung aller fälligen Beträge und 
einer diesbezüglichen Bekanntmachung 
gemäß § 12 der Bedingungen wirksam 
wird; oder 
f) 
are payable by reason of a change in law that 
becomes effective more than 30 days after 
the relevant payment of principal or interest 
becomes due, or is duly provided for and 
notice thereof is published in accordance 
with 
condition 
12 
of 
the 
Conditions, 
whichever occurs later; or 
g) 
von einer Zahlstelle abgezogen oder 
einbehalten werden, wenn eine andere 
Zahlstelle die Zahlung ohne einen solchen 
Abzug oder Einbehalt hätte leisten können. 
g) 
are deducted or withheld by a Paying Agent 
if the payment could have been made by 
another 
Paying 
Agent 
without 
such 
deduction or withholding. 
Ungeachtet 
anderer 
Regelungen 
in 
den 
Bedingungen und/oder dieser SCC-Garantie 
haftet die Garantin nicht und ist auch nicht 
Notwithstanding anything else in the Conditions 
and/or in this SCC Guarantee, the Guarantor shall 
not be liable for or otherwise be obliged to pay any

--- Page 165 ---
164 
anderweitig zur Zahlung von Steuern, Abgaben, 
Quellensteuer 
oder 
sonstigen 
Zahlungen 
verpflichtet, 
die 
sich 
infolge 
eines 
Steuereinbehalts oder Abzugs gemäß den 
Bestimmungen der Sections 1471 bis 1474 
(bezogen auf den Foreign Account Tax 
Compliance Act, „FATCA“) des U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code von 1986, in der jeweils gültigen 
Fassung ergeben könnten. Dies schließt jede 
Änderung 
oder 
Nachfolgeregelung, 
die 
(i) aufgrund 
eines 
zwischenstaatlichen 
Abkommens, 
(ii) aufgrund 
von 
Durchführungsbestimmungen, welche von einer 
anderen Rechtsordnung im Zusammenhang mit 
diesen Bestimmungen verabschiedet wurden, 
oder (iii) aufgrund von Vereinbarungen mit dem 
U.S. Internal Revenue Service mit ein, die im 
Ergebnis dazu führt, dass ein SCC-Gläubiger, 
wirtschaftlicher Eigentümer oder ein nicht im 
Auftrag der SCC oder der Garantin handelnder 
Intermediär nicht zum Erhalt von Zahlungen 
ohne Abzug entsprechender Quellensteuer 
berechtigt ist. Die Garantin ist aufgrund einer 
solchen durch SCC, der Garantin, einer 
Zahlstelle 
oder 
einer 
anderen 
Partei 
abgezogenen 
oder 
einbehaltenen 
Quellensteuer nicht zur Zahlung zusätzlicher 
Beträge oder anderweitig zur Entschädigung 
eines SCC-Gläubigers verpflichtet. 
tax, duty, withholding or other payment which may 
arise as a result of any tax withheld or deducted as 
required by the rules of Sections 1471 through 
1474 (relating to the Foreign Account Tax 
Compliance Act, “FATCA”) of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue 
Code 
of 
1986, 
as 
amended. 
This includes 
any 
amended 
or 
successor 
provisions, pursuant to (i) any inter-governmental 
agreement, (ii) implementing legislation adopted 
by another jurisdiction in connection with these 
provisions, or (iii) pursuant to any agreement with 
the U.S. Internal Revenue Service as a result of a 
SCC Holder, beneficial owner or intermediary that 
is not an agent of SCC or the Guarantor not being 
entitled to receive payments free of this 
withholding. The Guarantor will have no obligation 
to pay any additional amounts or otherwise 
indemnify a SCC Holder for any such withholding 
deducted or withheld by SCC, the Guarantor, a 
paying agent or any other party. 
3. 
Ersetzung 
3. 
Substitution 
Im Falle einer Ersetzung von SCC durch eine 
andere 
Gesellschaft 
als 
die 
Garantin 
gemäß § 10 der Bedingungen erstrecken sich 
diese SCC-Garantie und alle sich daraus 
ergebenden Verpflichtungen auch auf sämtliche 
von der Nachfolgeschuldnerin gemäß den 
Bedingungen fälligen Beträge, selbst wenn die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin die Verpflichtungen aus 
den Schuldverschreibungen unmittelbar von der 
Garantin übernimmt. 
In the event of any substitution of SCC by any 
other company other than the Guarantor pursuant 
to condition 10 of the Conditions, this SCC 
Guarantee and the obligations hereunder will 
extend to any and all sums expressed to be due 
pursuant to the Conditions by any Substituted 
Debtor even if the Substituted Debtor assumes the 
obligations arising under the Instruments directly 
from the Guarantor. 
4. 
Erlöschen der SCC-Garantie; Rückgabe 
der Garantieurkunde 
4. 
Expiry of the SCC Guarantee; Return of 
the Guarantee Certificate 
Die SCC-Garantie erlischt und es können aus 
oder im Zusammenhang mit der SCC-Garantie 
keine Ansprüche und/oder Rechte geltend 
gemacht werden, 
The SCC Guarantee expires, and no claims and/or 
rights arising out of or in connection with the SCC 
Guarantee may be asserted, 
(i) 
wenn während der Dauer der Gültigkeit 
des Prospekts vom 9. Dezember 2024 
zum Programm (einschließlich etwaiger 
Nachträge) („Prospekt“) von SCC unter 
dem 
Programm 
keine 
Schuldverschreibungen begeben wurden, 
mit Ablauf der Gültigkeit des Prospekts 
und 
(i) 
if during the validity of the Prospectus dated 
December 9, 2024 relating to the Programme 
(including 
any 
supplements 
thereto) 
(“Prospectus”) Instruments have not been 
issued by SCC, upon expiry of the validity of 
the Prospectus and 
(ii) 
wenn während der Dauer der Gültigkeit 
des 
Prospekts 
Schuldverschreibungen 
von SCC unter dem Programm begeben 
wurden, mit Zahlung sämtlicher gemäß 
den Bedingungen zahlbaren Beträge auf 
(ii) 
if during the validity of the Prospectus, 
Instruments have been issued by SCC under 
the Programme, upon payment of all 
amounts payable in accordance with the 
Conditions on the Instruments issued by 
SCC.

--- Page 166 ---
165 
diese 
von 
SCC 
begebenen 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
Der 
Treuhänder 
wird 
der 
Garantin 
die 
Garantieurkunde im Original unverzüglich nach 
Erlöschen der SCC-Garantie zurückgeben. 
The Trustee will return the original guarantee 
certificate to the Guarantor immediately upon 
expiry of the SCC Guarantee. 
5. 
Teilweise Unwirksamkeit 
5. 
Partial Invalidity 
Sollte eine der Bestimmungen dieser SCC-
Garantie ganz oder teilweise unwirksam oder 
nicht durchführbar sein oder werden, so bleiben 
die 
übrigen 
Bestimmungen 
dieser 
SCC-
Garantie hiervon unberührt. Die ungültige oder 
undurchführbare Bestimmung wird im Wege der 
ergänzenden Vertragsauslegung durch eine 
gültige und durchführbare Bestimmung ersetzt, 
die, soweit rechtlich möglich, eine Auslegung 
unter Beachtung des Sinngehalts und der 
wirtschaftlichen Ziele dieser SCC-Garantie im 
Zeitpunkt 
der 
Begebung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen ermöglicht. 
Should any of the provisions contained in this SCC 
Guarantee be or become invalid or unenforceable, 
whether in whole or in part, the remaining 
provisions of this SCC Guarantee will not be 
affected thereby. Any invalid or unenforceable 
provision 
will 
be 
replaced 
by 
means 
of 
supplementary interpretation by a valid and 
enforceable provision which, to the extent legally 
possible, provides for an interpretation in keeping 
with the meaning and the economic purposes of 
this SCC Guarantee at the time of the issue of the 
Instruments. 
Das Gleiche gilt, falls diese SCC-Garantie eine 
Regelungslücke enthält oder eine solche 
entsteht. 
The same applies to any omissions arising or 
which may arise herein. 
6. 
Anwendbares Recht und Gerichtsstand 
6. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
Die Rechte und Pflichten aus oder im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
dieser 
SCC-Garantie 
bestimmen 
sich 
unter 
Ausschluss 
der 
Kollisionsnormen des deutschen Internationalen 
Privatrechts nach deutschem Recht und werden 
nach diesem ausgelegt. 
The rights and obligations arising out of or in 
connection with this SCC Guarantee are governed 
by, and construed in accordance with German law, 
without giving effect to the conflict of laws 
provisions of German international private law. 
Soweit gemäß Verordnung (EG) Nr. 864/2007 
vom 
11. Juli 2007 
über 
das 
auf 
außervertragliche 
Schuldverhältnisse 
anzuwendende 
Recht 
(Rom 
II) 
zulässig, 
unterliegen 
sämtliche 
nicht-vertraglichen 
Ansprüche aus oder im Zusammenhang mit 
dieser SCC-Garantie deutschem Recht unter 
Ausschluss 
der 
Kollisionsnormen 
des 
deutschen internationalen Privatrechts und 
werden nach diesem ausgelegt. 
To the extent permitted pursuant to Council 
Regulation (EC) No 864/2007 of July 11, 2007 on 
the law applicable to non-contractual obligations 
(Rome II), all non-contractual claims arising out of 
or in connection with this SCC Guarantee are 
governed by, and to be construed in accordance 
with German law without giving effect to conflict of 
laws provisions of German international private 
law. 
Erfüllungsort ist München. 
The place of performance is Munich. 
Die Garantin und der Treuhänder erklären sich 
unwiderruflich damit einverstanden, dass die 
zuständigen Gerichte in München für die 
gerichtliche Anhörung und Entscheidung über 
alle Klagen, Prozesse und Verfahren und die 
Beilegung aller Streitigkeiten, die aus oder im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
dieser 
SCC-Garantie 
entstehen 
können, 
(„Verfahren“ 
bzw. 
„Rechtsstreitigkeiten“) 
ausschließlich 
zuständig sind und unterwerfen sich zu diesem 
Zweck unwiderruflich der Gerichtsbarkeit dieser 
Gerichte. 
The Guarantor and the Trustee irrevocably agree 
that the competent courts of Munich will have 
exclusive jurisdiction to hear and determine any 
suit, action or proceedings, and to settle any 
disputes which may arise out of or in connection 
with 
this 
SCC 
Guarantee 
(“Proceedings” 
respectively “Disputes”) and, for such purposes, 
irrevocably submit to the jurisdiction of such courts 
only. 
Die Garantin und der Treuhänder verzichten 
unwiderruflich auf jede Einrede, die sie jetzt oder 
später dagegen geltend machen könnten, dass 
die zuständigen Gerichte in München als 
Gerichtsstand 
für 
die 
Anhörung 
und 
Entscheidung von Verfahren und die Beilegung 
The Guarantor and the Trustee irrevocably waive 
any objection which they might now or hereafter 
have to the competent courts of Munich being 
nominated as the forum to hear and determine any 
Proceedings and to settle any Disputes and agree

--- Page 167 ---
166 
von Rechtsstreitigkeiten benannt sind und 
erklären sich damit einverstanden, keinen 
Einwand der Unzuständigkeit gegen eines 
dieser Gerichte zu erheben. 
not to claim that such court is not a convenient or 
appropriate forum. 
7. 
Sprache 
7. 
Language 
Diese SCC-Garantie ist in deutscher Sprache 
abgefasst. 
Die 
deutsche 
Fassung 
ist 
maßgeblich 
und 
rechtsverbindlich. 
Die 
englische Übersetzung dieser SCC-Garantie ist 
unverbindlich 
und 
dient 
lediglich 
zu 
Informationszwecken. 
This SCC Guarantee is written in the German 
language. The German text shall be binding and 
decisive. The English translation of this Guarantee 
is non-binding and provided for convenience only. 
 
9. Dezember 2024 
 
SIEMENS AKTIENGESELLSCHAFT 
Ordnungsgemäß bevollmächtigt/duly authorized 
Durch/by: 
Durch/by: 
  
Luther Rechtsanwaltsgesellschaft mbH 
Ordnungsgemäß bevollmächtigt/duly authorized 
Durch/by: 
Durch/by:

--- Page 168 ---
167 
2. Guarantee for Instruments issued by Siemens Financieringsmaatschappij N.V. 
2. Garantie bezüglich Schuldverschreibungen begeben von der Siemens 
Financieringsmaatschappij N.V. 
BINDING GERMAN VERSION OF THE  
GUARANTEE 
NON-BINDING ENGLISH TRANSLATION OF 
THE GUARANTEE 
SFM-GARANTIE 
SFM GUARANTEE 
der 
by 
SIEMENS AKTIENGESELLSCHAFT 
SIEMENS AKTIENGESELLSCHAFT 
(Eine Aktiengesellschaft mit eingetragenem Sitz 
in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland) 
(A stock corporation incorporated in the Federal 
Republic of Germany) 
in Bezug auf Schuldverschreibungen begeben 
in respect of Instruments issued 
von der 
by 
SIEMENS 
FINANCIERINGSMAATSCHAPPIJ N.V. 
SIEMENS 
FINANCIERINGSMAATSCHAPPIJ N.V. 
(Eine Publikumsgesellschaft mit beschränkter 
Haftung mit Sitz in den Niederlanden) 
(A public company with limited liability 
incorporated in The Netherlands) 
(A) Die 
Siemens 
Aktiengesellschaft, 
die 
Siemens Capital Company LLC und die 
Siemens Financieringsmaatschappij N.V. 
haben ein €35.000.000.000 Programm für 
die Begebung von Schuldverschreibungen 
aufgesetzt („Programm“). 
(A) Siemens 
Aktiengesellschaft, 
Siemens 
Capital 
Company 
LLC 
and 
Siemens 
Financieringsmaatschappij 
N.V. 
have 
established a €35,000,000,000 Programme 
for the issuance of debt instruments 
(“Programme”). 
(B) Unter dem Programm kann die Siemens 
Financieringsmaatschappij N.V. („SFM“) 
von Zeit zu Zeit Schuldverschreibungen 
emittieren. 
(B) Pursuant to the Programme, Siemens 
Financieringsmaatschappij 
N.V. 
(“SFM”) 
may issue debt instruments from time to time. 
(C) Die 
Siemens 
Aktiengesellschaft 
(„Garantin“) ist bereit, die Zahlung aller 
nach den maßgeblichen Bedingungen (wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen (wie nachstehend 
definiert) 
fälligen 
Beträge 
nach 
den 
Maßgaben 
dieser 
SFM-Garantie 
zu 
garantieren. 
(C) Siemens Aktiengesellschaft (“Guarantor”) 
has agreed to guarantee in accordance with 
the provision of this SFM Guarantee the 
payment of those amounts due pursuant to 
the relevant Conditions (as defined below) of 
the Instruments (as defined below). 
ES WIRD HIERMIT FOLGENDES VEREINBART: IT IS HEREBY AGREED AS FOLLOWS: 
1. 
Begriffsbestimmungen 
1. 
Definitions 
In dieser SFM-Garantie: 
In this SFM Guarantee: 
„Bedingungen“ 
bezeichnet 
die 
Emissionsbedingungen 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen, so wie sie durch die 
Angaben 
der 
jeweiligen 
Endgültigen 
Bedingungen vervollständigt wurden. 
“Conditions” means the terms and conditions of 
the Instruments, as completed by the relevant 
Final Terms. 
„Schuldverschreibung“ 
bezeichnet 
jede 
Schuldverschreibung, die von SFM unter dem 
Programm emittiert wird. 
“Instrument” means any debt instrument issued 
by SFM under the Programme. 
„SFM-Gläubiger“ bezeichnet jeden Inhaber 
eines 
Miteigentumsanteils 
oder 
anderen 
vergleichbaren 
Rechts 
an 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
“SFM Holder” means any holder of a proportionate 
co-ownership interest or other similar right in the 
Instruments. 
„Treuhänder“ 
bezeichnet 
Luther 
Rechtsanwaltsgesellschaft 
mbH, 
als 
Treuhänder für die SFM-Gläubiger handelnd. 
“Trustee” 
means 
Luther 
Rechtsanwaltsgesellschaft mbH, acting as trustee 
for the SFM Holders.

--- Page 169 ---
168 
„SFM-Treuhandvertrag“ 
ist 
der 
Treuhandvertrag 
vom 
9. Dezember 2024 
zwischen dem Treuhänder, SFM als Emittentin 
von Schuldverschreibungen und der Garantin. 
“SFM Trust Agreement” means the trust 
agreement between the Trustee, SFM as Issuer of 
the SFM-Instruments and the Guarantor dated 
December 9, 2024. 
Begriffe, die in den Bedingungen definiert sind, 
haben in dieser SFM-Garantie die gleiche 
Bedeutung, soweit nicht hier etwas anderes 
bestimmt ist. 
Expressions defined in the Conditions will have the 
same meanings in this SFM Guarantee unless 
otherwise defined herein. 
2. 
SFM-Garantie 
2. 
SFM Guarantee 
Die Garantin garantiert hiermit dem Treuhänder 
unbedingt und unwiderruflich die Zahlung 
sämtlicher gemäß den Bedingungen fälliger 
Beträge. 
The 
Guarantor 
hereby 
unconditionally 
and 
irrevocably guarantees to the Trustee the payment 
of all amounts due in accordance with the 
Conditions. 
Die 
SFM-Garantie 
begründet 
eine 
nicht 
nachrangige 
und 
(vorbehaltlich 
der 
nachstehenden 
Negativerklärung) 
nicht 
besicherte 
Verbindlichkeit 
der 
Garantin 
gegenüber dem Treuhänder, die im Rahmen 
einer 
freiwilligen 
Abwicklung 
oder 
eines 
förmlichen, 
gesetzlich 
geregelten 
und 
unfreiwilligen Insolvenzverfahrens nach dem 
Gesetzesrecht des Sitzstaates der Garantin mit 
allen anderen nicht nachrangigen und nicht 
besicherten Verbindlichkeiten der Garantin 
gleichrangig ist, soweit diesen Verbindlichkeiten 
nicht durch gesetzliche Bestimmungen ein 
Vorrang eingeräumt wird. 
The 
SFM 
Guarantee 
constitutes 
an 
unsubordinated, and (subject to the negative 
pledge below) unsecured obligation of the 
Guarantor to the Trustee ranking pari passu in any 
voluntary winding up or formal, statutory and 
involuntary bankruptcy proceeding according to 
statutory law in the jurisdiction of the place of 
incorporation of the Guarantor with all other 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the 
Guarantor, except for any obligations preferred by 
law. 
Auf schriftliche Aufforderung des Treuhänders 
wird die Garantin alle Zahlungen gemäß dieser 
SFM-Garantie ausführen, wenn SFM aus 
irgendeinem Grund nicht den Betrag zahlt, der 
gemäß den Bedingungen fällig ist. Zahlungen in 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
dieser 
SFM-Garantie 
erfolgen 
ausschließlich 
gemäß 
§ 4 
der 
Bedingungen. 
Upon written request of the Trustee, the Guarantor 
will effect all payments under this SFM Guarantee, 
if SFM for any reason fails to effect payment of the 
amounts due in accordance with the Conditions. 
Payments in connection with this SFM Guarantee 
shall be made solely in accordance with 
condition 4 of the Conditions. 
Die aus dieser SFM-Garantie erwachsenden 
Rechte 
werden 
ausschließlich 
von 
dem 
Treuhänder gehalten und geltend gemacht. 
The rights arising from this SFM Guarantee will be 
held and exercised exclusively by the Trustee. 
Sollte 
ein 
Ereignis 
eintreten, 
das 
nach 
vernünftiger Beurteilung des Treuhänders dazu 
führt, dass er nicht mehr in der Lage ist, seine 
Pflichten unter dem SFM-Treuhandvertrag zu 
erfüllen, so wird er bei vorheriger schriftlicher 
Zustimmung 
der 
Garantin 
ein 
adäquates 
Unternehmen 
mit 
anerkanntem 
Ruf 
als 
Nachfolger beauftragen („Beauftragung“); eine 
solche schriftliche Zustimmung kann nicht ohne 
angemessenen 
Grund 
verweigert 
oder 
verzögert werden. Ein Unternehmen ist ein 
„adäquates Unternehmen mit anerkanntem 
Ruf“, 
wenn 
es 
nach 
dem 
Recht 
der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder der Schweiz 
organisiert ist, einer etwaigen Aufsicht in der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder der Schweiz 
unterliegt und außerdem (i) autorisiert ist, als 
Unternehmenstreuhänder tätig zu sein, (ii) nicht 
weniger Eigenkapital als der Treuhänder hat 
und (iii) weder direkt noch indirekt von der 
Garantin kontrolliert wird bzw. nicht von einer 
Should an event occur which, in the reasonable 
judgment of the Trustee, results in it being unable 
to perform its duties pursuant to the SFM Trust 
Agreement, the Trustee will, with the prior written 
consent of the Guarantor (such consent not to be 
unreasonably withheld or delayed), appoint 
(“Appointment”) another Appropriate Enterprise 
of Recognized Standing as its successor. An 
enterprise is an “Appropriate Enterprise of 
Recognized Standing” if it is an enterprise, 
organized under the laws of, and subject to 
supervision by regulatory authorities, if any, in the 
Federal Republic of Germany or Switzerland and 
(i) authorized to exercise corporate trust powers, 
(ii) with shareholders’ equity not less than that of 
the Trustee, and (iii) not directly or indirectly 
controlled by the Guarantor or by a person who 
itself controls the Guarantor. Should the Trustee 
be unable or fail to make such an Appointment, 
then the Guarantor will do so. Such Appointment

--- Page 170 ---
169 
Person kontrolliert wird, die ebenfalls die 
Garantin kontrolliert. Sollte der Treuhänder zur 
Beauftragung nicht in der Lage sein oder dieser 
Verpflichtung nicht nachkommen, so wird dies 
durch die Garantin erfolgen. Eine solche 
Beauftragung ist gemäß § 12 der Bedingungen 
unverzüglich bekannt zu machen. 
will be promptly notified pursuant to condition 12 of 
the Conditions. 
Die Garantin verpflichtet sich, solange die von 
SFM 
begebenen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ausstehen, jedoch nur bis zu dem Zeitpunkt, an 
dem alle Beträge an Kapital und Zinsen für die 
Schuldverschreibungen der Emissionsstelle zur 
Verfügung 
gestellt 
worden 
sind, 
keine 
Grundpfandrechte 
oder 
keine 
anderen 
dinglichen Sicherungsrechte über ihr in der 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland 
belegenes 
Immobiliarvermögen als Sicherheit für eine 
Internationale 
Anleiheemission 
(wie 
nachstehend definiert) zu bestellen, ohne die 
SFM-Garantie gleichzeitig oder vorher in 
gleicher Weise und anteilig zu besichern. 
The Guarantor undertakes, for so long as the 
Instruments issued by SFM remain outstanding, 
but only up to the time at which all amounts of 
principal and interest in respect of the Instruments 
have been placed at the disposal of the Fiscal 
Agent, not to grant any land charge or other 
security right in rem over its real estate located in 
the Federal Republic of Germany, as security for 
any International Bond Issue (as defined below) 
without at the same time, or prior thereto, securing 
the SFM Guarantee equally and ratably therewith. 
„Internationale Anleiheemission“ ist jede 
Verbindlichkeit 
der 
Garantin 
mit 
einer 
ursprünglichen Laufzeit von mehr als einem 
Jahr, deren Nennwert nicht auf Euro lautet oder 
deren Rückzahlung in einer anderen Währung 
oder Rechnungseinheit als dem Euro zu 
erfolgen hat, oder jede Verbindlichkeit eines mit 
der Garantin im Sinne der §§ 15 ff. Aktiengesetz 
verbundenen Unternehmens, das nicht in der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland ansässig ist, mit 
einer ursprünglichen Laufzeit von mehr als 
einem 
Jahr 
und 
die 
jeweils 
durch 
Schuldverschreibungen verbrieft ist, die an einer 
Börse, im außerbörslichen Handel oder an 
einem anderen anerkannten Wertpapiermarkt 
notiert oder gehandelt werden oder werden 
können. 
“International Bond Issue” means any obligation 
of the Guarantor with an original maturity of more 
than one year, which is denominated or repayable 
in a currency or accounting unit other than Euro or 
any obligation of any of the Guarantor’s associated 
enterprises within the meaning of Sections 15 
et seq. of the German Stock Corporation Act which 
is not resident in the Federal Republic of Germany 
with an original maturity of more than one year, 
and, each represented by debt securities which 
are, or are capable of being, listed or traded on a 
stock exchange or other recognized securities 
market (including without limitation, any over-the-
counter-market). 
Sinn und Zweck dieser SFM-Garantie ist es zu 
erreichen, dass der Treuhänder ungeachtet der 
Gültigkeit 
und 
Durchsetzbarkeit 
der 
Verbindlichkeiten 
von 
SFM 
oder 
jeder 
Gesellschaft, 
die 
SFM gemäß 
§ 10 der 
Bedingungen 
ersetzt 
(„Nachfolgeschuldnerin“), und unabhängig 
von etwaigen anderen Gründen, aus denen 
SFM oder die Nachfolgeschuldnerin nicht in der 
Lage ist, Zahlung zu bewirken, die unter den 
Schuldverschreibungen fälligen Beträge erhält. 
The intent and purpose of this SFM Guarantee is 
to ensure that the Trustee receives regardless of 
the validity and enforceability of the obligations of 
SFM or any company, which may have been 
substituted for SFM pursuant to condition 10 of the 
Conditions 
(“Substituted 
Debtor”) 
and 
irrespective of any other grounds on which SFM or 
the Substituted Debtor is not in a position to effect 
payment, the amounts due under the Instruments. 
Sämtliche 
unter 
dieser 
SFM-Garantie 
zu 
zahlenden Beträge sind von der Garantin an der 
Quelle ohne Abzug oder Einbehalt von oder 
aufgrund von gegenwärtig oder zukünftig 
bestehenden Steuern oder sonstigen Abgaben 
gleich welcher Art zu leisten, die von der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder für deren 
Rechnung oder von oder für Rechnung einer mit 
dem Recht zur Steuererhebung versehenen 
politischen Untergliederung oder Behörde der 
Vorgenannten auferlegt oder erhoben werden, 
es sei denn, dieser Abzug oder Einbehalt ist 
All amounts payable in respect of this SFM 
Guarantee by the Guarantor shall be made without 
deduction or withholding at source for or on 
account of any present or future taxes or other 
duties of any nature whatsoever imposed or 
charged by or on behalf of the Federal Republic of 
Germany or by or on behalf of any political 
subdivision or authority thereof having power to 
tax, unless such deduction or withholding is 
required by law. In such event, the Guarantor shall 
pay 
such 
additional 
amounts 
(“Additional 
Amounts”) as may be necessary in order that the

--- Page 171 ---
170 
gesetzlich vorgeschrieben. In diesem Fall wird 
die Garantin diejenigen zusätzlichen Beträge 
(„zusätzlichen 
Beträge“) 
zahlen, 
die 
erforderlich sind, damit die dem SFM-Gläubiger 
zufließenden Nettobeträge nach diesem Abzug 
oder Einbehalt den Beträgen entsprechen, die 
der SFM-Gläubiger ohne einen solchen Abzug 
oder Einbehalt erhalten hätte. Die Verpflichtung 
zur Zahlung solcher zusätzlicher Beträge in 
Bezug 
auf 
Zahlungen 
auf 
eine 
Schuldverschreibung oder unter dieser SFM-
Garantie besteht jedoch nicht im Hinblick auf 
Steuern und Abgaben, die 
net amounts received by the SFM Holder of the 
relevant Instrument after such deduction or 
withholding shall equal the respective amounts, 
which would have been receivable by such 
SFM Holder had no such deduction or withholding, 
been required. No such Additional Amounts shall, 
however, be payable in relation to any payment in 
respect 
of 
any 
Instrument 
or 
under 
this 
SFM Guarantee on account of any taxes or duties 
which: 
a) 
von 
einer 
als 
Depotbank 
oder 
Inkassobeauftragter des SFM-Gläubigers 
handelnden 
Person 
abgezogen 
oder 
einbehalten werden oder sonst auf andere 
Weise zu entrichten sind als dadurch, dass 
die Garantin aus den von ihr zu leistenden 
Zahlungen einen Abzug oder Einbehalt 
vornimmt; oder 
a) 
are deducted or withheld by any person 
acting as a custodian bank or collecting 
agent on behalf of a SFM Holder, or 
otherwise payable in any manner which does 
not constitute a deduction or withholding by 
the Guarantor from payments of all amounts 
payable by it; or 
b) 
wegen einer gegenwärtigen oder früheren 
persönlichen 
oder 
geschäftlichen 
Beziehung des SFM-Gläubigers zu der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland zu zahlen 
sind, und nicht allein deshalb, weil 
Zahlungen auf eine Schuldverschreibung 
oder unter der SFM-Garantie aus Quellen 
in 
den 
Niederlanden 
oder 
der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland stammen, 
oder für Zwecke der Besteuerung so 
behandelt werden oder dort besichert sind; 
oder 
b) 
are payable by reason of the SFM Holder 
having, or having had, some personal or 
business 
connection 
with 
the 
Federal 
Republic of Germany and not merely by 
reason of the fact that payments in respect of 
any Instrument or under the SFM Guarantee 
are (or for the purpose of taxation are 
deemed to be) derived from sources in, or 
are secured in The Netherlands, or the 
Federal Republic of Germany; or 
c) 
aufgrund 
(i) einer 
Richtlinie 
oder 
Verordnung 
der 
Europäischen 
Union 
betreffend 
die 
Besteuerung 
von 
Zinserträgen 
oder 
(ii) eines 
zwischenstaatlichen 
Abkommens 
oder 
einer zwischenstaatlichen Vereinbarung 
über deren Besteuerung, an der die 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder die 
Europäische Union beteiligt sind, oder 
(iii) einer gesetzlichen Vorschrift, die diese 
Richtlinie, Verordnung, Abkommen oder 
Vereinbarung umsetzt oder befolgt oder 
zur Anpassung an diese eingeführt wurde, 
abzuziehen oder einzubehalten sind; oder 
c) 
are deducted or withheld pursuant to 
(i) any European 
Union 
directive 
or 
regulation 
concerning 
the 
taxation 
of 
savings, or (ii) any international treaty or 
understanding relating to such taxation and 
to which the Federal Republic of Germany, or 
the European Union is a party, or (iii) any 
provision of law implementing, or complying 
with, or introduced to conform with, such 
Directive, 
Regulation, 
treaty 
or 
understanding; or 
d) 
zu 
zahlen 
sind, 
wenn 
die 
Schuldverschreibung mehr als 30 Tage 
nach dem Relevanten Datum zur Zahlung 
vorgelegt 
wird, 
es 
sei 
denn, 
der 
betreffende SFM-Gläubiger einer solchen 
Schuldverschreibung 
hätte 
auch 
bei 
Vorlegung am Ende oder vor Ablauf dieses 
Zeitraums von 30 Tagen einen Anspruch 
auf Erhalt dieser zusätzlichen Beträge 
gehabt; oder 
d) 
have to be paid in respect of any Instrument 
presented for payment more than 30 days 
after the Relevant Date, except to the extent 
that the relevant SFM Holder of such 
Instrument would have been entitled to such 
Additional Amounts on presenting the same 
Instrument for payment on or before the 
expiry of such period of 30 days; or 
e) 
aufgrund einer Rechtsänderung zu zahlen 
sind, welche später als 30 Tage nach 
Fälligkeit der betreffenden Zahlung von 
e) 
are payable by reason of a change in law that 
becomes effective more than 30 days after 
the relevant payment of principal or interest

--- Page 172 ---
171 
Kapital oder Zinsen oder, wenn dies später 
erfolgt, 
nach 
ordnungsgemäßer 
Bereitstellung aller fälligen Beträge und 
einer diesbezüglichen Bekanntmachung 
gemäß § 12 der Bedingungen wirksam 
wird; oder 
becomes due, or is duly provided for and 
notice thereof is published in accordance 
with 
condition 
12 
of 
the 
Conditions, 
whichever occurs later; or 
f) 
von einer Zahlstelle abgezogen oder 
einbehalten werden, wenn eine andere 
Zahlstelle die Zahlung ohne einen solchen 
Abzug oder Einbehalt hätte leisten können. 
f) 
are deducted or withheld by a Paying Agent 
if the payment could have been made by 
another 
Paying 
Agent 
without 
such 
deduction or withholding. 
Ungeachtet 
anderer 
Regelungen 
in 
den 
Bedingungen und/oder dieser SFM-Garantie 
haftet die Garantin nicht und ist auch nicht 
anderweitig zur Zahlung von Steuern, Abgaben, 
Quellensteuer 
oder 
sonstigen 
Zahlungen 
verpflichtet, 
die 
sich 
infolge 
eines 
Steuereinbehalts oder Abzugs gemäß den 
Bestimmungen der Sections 1471 bis 1474 
(bezogen auf den Foreign Account Tax 
Compliance Act, „FATCA“) des U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code von 1986, in der jeweils gültigen 
Fassung, ergeben könnten. Dies schließt jede 
Änderung 
oder 
Nachfolgeregelung, 
die 
(i) aufgrund 
eines 
zwischenstaatlichen 
Abkommens, 
(ii) aufgrund 
von 
Durchführungsbestimmungen, welche von einer 
anderen Rechtsordnung im Zusammenhang mit 
diesen Bestimmungen verabschiedet wurden, 
oder (iii) aufgrund von Vereinbarungen mit dem 
U.S. Internal Revenue Service mit ein, die im 
Ergebnis dazu führt, dass ein SFM-Gläubiger, 
wirtschaftlicher Eigentümer oder ein nicht im 
Auftrag der SFM oder der Garantin handelnder 
Intermediär nicht zum Erhalt von Zahlungen 
ohne Abzug entsprechender Quellensteuer 
berechtigt ist. Die Garantin ist aufgrund einer 
solchen durch SFM, der Garantin, einer 
Zahlstelle 
oder 
einer 
anderen 
Partei 
abgezogenen 
oder 
einbehaltenen 
Quellensteuer nicht zur Zahlung zusätzlicher 
Beträge oder anderweitig zur Entschädigung 
eines SFM-Gläubigers verpflichtet. 
Notwithstanding anything else in the Conditions 
and/or in this SFM Guarantee, the Guarantor shall 
not be liable for or otherwise be obliged to pay any 
tax, duty, withholding or other payment which may 
arise as a result of any tax withheld or deducted as 
required by the rules of Sections 1471 through 
1474 (relating to the Foreign Account Tax 
Compliance Act, “FATCA”) of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. This 
includes any amended or successor provisions, 
pursuant to (i) any inter-governmental agreement, 
(ii) implementing legislation adopted by another 
jurisdiction in connection with these provisions, or 
(iii) pursuant to any agreement with the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Service as a result of a SFM 
Holder, beneficial owner or intermediary that is not 
an agent of SFM or the Guarantor not being 
entitled to receive payments free of this 
withholding. The Guarantor will have no obligation 
to pay any additional amounts or otherwise 
indemnify a SFM Holder for any such deduction or 
withholding by SFM, the Guarantor, a paying agent 
or any other party. 
3. 
Ersetzung 
3. 
Substitution 
Im Falle einer Ersetzung von SFM durch eine 
andere Gesellschaft als die Garantin gemäß 
§ 10 der Bedingungen erstrecken sich diese 
SFM-Garantie und alle sich daraus ergebenden 
Verpflichtungen auch auf sämtliche von der 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin gemäß den Bedingungen 
fälligen 
Beträge, 
selbst 
wenn 
die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin die Verpflichtungen aus 
den Schuldverschreibungen unmittelbar von der 
Garantin übernimmt. 
In the event of any substitution of SFM by any 
other company other than the Guarantor pursuant 
to condition 10 of the Conditions, this SFM 
Guarantee and the obligations hereunder will 
extend to any and all sums expressed to be due 
pursuant to the Conditions by any Substituted 
Debtor even if the Substituted Debtor assumes the 
obligations arising under the Instruments directly 
from the Guarantor. 
4. 
Erlöschen der SFM-Garantie; Rückgabe 
der Garantieurkunde 
4. 
Expiry of the SFM Guarantee; Return of 
the Guarantee Certificate 
Die SFM-Garantie erlischt und es können aus 
oder im Zusammenhang mit der SFM-Garantie 
keine Ansprüche und/oder Rechte geltend 
gemacht werden, 
The SFM Guarantee expires, and no claims and/or 
rights arising out of or in connection with the SFM 
Guarantee may be asserted,

--- Page 173 ---
172 
(i) 
wenn während der Dauer der Gültigkeit 
des Prospekts vom 9. Dezember 2024 
zum Programm (einschließlich etwaiger 
Nachträge) („Prospekt“) von SFM unter 
dem 
Programm 
keine 
Schuldverschreibungen begeben wurden, 
mit Ablauf der Gültigkeit des Prospekts 
und 
(i) 
if during the validity of the Prospectus dated 
December 9, 2024 relating to the Programme 
(including 
any 
supplements 
thereto) 
(“Prospectus”) Instruments have not been 
issued by SFM, upon expiry of the validity of 
the Prospectus and 
(ii) 
wenn während der Dauer der Gültigkeit 
des 
Prospekts 
Schuldverschreibungen 
von SFM unter dem Programm begeben 
wurden, mit Zahlung sämtlicher gemäß 
den Bedingungen zahlbaren Beträge auf 
diese 
von 
SFM 
begebenen 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
(ii) 
if during the validity of the Prospectus, 
Instruments have been issued by SFM under 
the Programme, upon payment of all 
amounts payable in accordance with the 
Conditions on the Instruments issued by 
SFM. 
Der 
Treuhänder 
wird 
der 
Garantin 
die 
Garantieurkunde im Original unverzüglich nach 
Erlöschen der SFM-Garantie zurückgeben. 
The Trustee will return the original guarantee 
certificate to the Guarantor immediately upon 
expiry of the SFM Guarantee. 
5. 
Teilweise Unwirksamkeit 
5. 
Partial Invalidity 
Sollte eine der Bestimmungen dieser SFM-
Garantie ganz oder teilweise unwirksam oder 
nicht durchführbar sein oder werden, so bleiben 
die 
übrigen 
Bestimmungen 
dieser 
SFM-
Garantie hiervon unberührt. Die ungültige oder 
undurchführbare Bestimmung wird im Wege der 
ergänzenden Vertragsauslegung durch eine 
gültige und durchführbare Bestimmung ersetzt, 
die, soweit rechtlich möglich, eine Auslegung 
unter Beachtung des Sinngehalts und der 
wirtschaftlichen Ziele dieser SFM-Garantie im 
Zeitpunkt 
der 
Begebung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen ermöglicht. 
Should any of the provisions contained in this SFM 
Guarantee be or become invalid or unenforceable, 
whether in whole or in part, the remaining 
provisions of this SFM Guarantee will not be 
affected thereby. Any invalid or unenforceable 
provision 
will 
be 
replaced 
by 
means 
of 
supplementary interpretation by a valid and 
enforceable provision which, to the extent legally 
possible, provides for an interpretation in keeping 
with the meaning and the economic purposes of 
this SFM Guarantee at the time of the issue of the 
Instruments. 
Das Gleiche gilt, falls diese SFM-Garantie eine 
Regelungslücke enthält oder eine solche 
entsteht. 
The same applies to any omissions arising or 
which may arise herein. 
6. 
Anwendbares Recht und Gerichtsstand 
6. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
Die Rechte und Pflichten aus oder im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
dieser 
SFM-Garantie 
bestimmen 
sich 
unter 
Ausschluss 
der 
Kollisionsnormen des deutschen Internationalen 
Privatrechts nach deutschem Recht und werden 
nach diesem ausgelegt. 
The rights and obligations arising out of or in 
connection with this SFM Guarantee are governed 
by, and construed in accordance with German law, 
without giving effect to the conflict of laws 
provisions of German international private law. 
Soweit gemäß Verordnung (EG) Nr. 864/2007 
vom 
11. Juli 2007 
über 
das 
auf 
außervertragliche 
Schuldverhältnisse 
anzuwendende 
Recht 
(Rom 
II) 
zulässig, 
unterliegen 
sämtliche 
nicht-vertraglichen 
Ansprüche aus oder im Zusammenhang mit 
dieser SFM-Garantie deutschem Recht unter 
Ausschluss 
der 
Kollisionsnormen 
des 
deutschen internationalen Privatrechts und 
werden nach diesem ausgelegt. 
To the extent permitted pursuant to Council 
Regulation (EC) No 864/2007 of July 11, 2007 on 
the law applicable to non-contractual obligations 
(Rome II), all non-contractual claims arising out of 
or in connection with this SFM Guarantee are 
governed by, and to be construed in accordance 
with German law, without giving effect to conflict of 
laws provisions of German international private 
law. 
Erfüllungsort ist München. 
The place of performance is Munich. 
Die Garantin und der Treuhänder erklären sich 
unwiderruflich damit einverstanden, dass die 
zuständigen Gerichte in München für die 
gerichtliche Anhörung und Entscheidung über 
alle Klagen, Prozesse und Verfahren und die 
The Guarantor and the Trustee irrevocably agree 
that the competent courts of Munich will have 
exclusive jurisdiction to hear and determine any 
suit, action or proceedings, and to settle any 
disputes which may arise out of or in connection

--- Page 174 ---
173 
Beilegung aller Streitigkeiten, die aus oder im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
der 
SFM-Garantie 
entstehen können, 
(„Verfahren“ 
bzw. 
„Rechtsstreitigkeiten“) 
ausschließlich 
zuständig sind und unterwerfen sich zu diesem 
Zweck unwiderruflich der Gerichtsbarkeit dieser 
Gerichte. 
with 
this 
SFM 
Guarantee 
(“Proceedings” 
respectively “Disputes”) and, for such purposes, 
irrevocably submit to the jurisdiction of such courts 
only. 
Die Garantin und der Treuhänder verzichten 
unwiderruflich auf jede Einrede, die sie jetzt oder 
später dagegen geltend machen könnten, dass 
die zuständigen Gerichte in München als 
Gerichtsstand 
für 
die 
Anhörung 
und 
Entscheidung von Verfahren und die Beilegung 
von Rechtsstreitigkeiten benannt sind und 
erklären sich damit einverstanden, keinen 
Einwand der Unzuständigkeit gegen eines 
dieser Gerichte zu erheben. 
The Guarantor and the Trustee irrevocably waive 
any objection, which they might now or hereafter 
have to the competent courts of Munich being 
nominated as the forum to hear and determine any 
Proceedings and to settle any Disputes and agree 
not to claim that such court is not a convenient or 
appropriate forum. 
7. 
Sprache 
7. 
Language 
Diese SFM-Garantie ist in deutscher Sprache 
abgefasst. 
Die 
deutsche 
Fassung 
ist 
maßgeblich 
und 
rechtsverbindlich. 
Die 
englische Übersetzung dieser SFM-Garantie ist 
unverbindlich 
und 
dient 
lediglich 
zu 
Informationszwecken. 
This SFM Guarantee is written in the German 
language. The German text shall be binding and 
decisive. The English translation of this SFM 
Guarantee is non-binding and provided for 
convenience only. 
 
9. Dezember 2024 
SIEMENS AKTIENGESELLSCHAFT 
Ordnungsgemäß bevollmächtigt/duly authorized 
Durch/by: 
Durch/by: 
  
Luther Rechtsanwaltsgesellschaft mbH 
Ordnungsgemäß bevollmächtigt/duly authorized 
Durch/by: 
Durch/by:

--- Page 175 ---
174 
PART E: DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUERS 
1. 
Description of Siemens Aktiengesellschaft  
In this section, references to “we”, “us”, “our”, “the Company”, “Siemens” or “Siemens AG” are to 
Siemens Aktiengesellschaft and, unless the content otherwise requires, its consolidated subsidiaries 
(“Siemens Group”).  
Responsibility Statement  
The Responsibility Statement is set out on page 1 of this Prospectus. 
Statutory Auditors  
PricewaterhouseCoopers GmbH Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft, Frankfurt am Main, with 
business address at Bernhard-Wicki-Straße 8, 80636 Munich, Germany were the independent auditors 
of Siemens Aktiengesellschaft for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024. PricewaterhouseCoopers 
GmbH Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft is a member of the Chamber of Public Accountants 
(Wirtschaftsprüferkammer, Körperschaft des öffentlichen Rechts), Berlin, Germany. 
EY GmbH & Co. KG Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft (formerly Ernst & Young GmbH 
Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft), Stuttgart, office Munich, Arnulfstraße 59, 80636 Munich, Germany 
were the independent auditors of Siemens Aktiengesellschaft for the fiscal year ended 
September 30, 2023. EY GmbH & Co. KG Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft is a member of the Chamber 
of Public Accountants (Wirtschaftsprüferkammer, Körperschaft des öffentlichen Rechts), Berlin, 
Germany. 
Selected Consolidated Financial and Statistical Data 
Consolidated Statements of Income Data (IFRS)  
For the fiscal years ended 
September 30, 
2024(1) 
2023(1) 
(in millions of €) 
Revenue .............................................................................................. 
75,930 
74,882 
Income from continuing operations before income taxes ................... 
11,227 
11,126 
Income from continuing operations ..................................................... 
8,907 
8,525 
Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of income taxes ...... 
85 
3 
Net income .......................................................................................... 
8,992 
8,529 
 
 
Basic earnings per share 
 
 
Income from continuing operations ................................................ 
10.42 
10.04 
Income (loss) from discontinued operations ................................... 
0.11 
- 
Net income ...................................................................................... 
10.53 
10.04 
 
 
 
Diluted earnings per share 
 
 
Income from continuing operations ................................................ 
10.27 
9.91 
Income (loss) from discontinued operations ................................... 
0.11 
- 
Net income ...................................................................................... 
10.38 
9.91 
Consolidated Statements of Financial Position Data (IFRS)  
  
September 30, 
  
2024(1)  
2023(1)  
  
(in millions of €) 
Total assets ......................................................................................... 
147,812 
145,071 
Long-term debt.................................................................................... 
41,321 
39,113 
Total equity ......................................................................................... 
56,231 
53,052 
Issued capital ...................................................................................... 
2,400 
2,400 
___________________________ 
(1) 
The selected financial data as of and for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024 are derived from the audited Consolidated 
Financial Statements of Siemens AG as of and for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024 and the selected financial data 
as of and for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023 are derived from the audited Consolidated Financial Statements of 
Siemens AG as of and for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023 except for the retrospectively adjusted prior-year

--- Page 176 ---
175 
information as of and for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023 which has been derived from the audited Consolidated 
Financial Statements of Siemens AG as of and for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, as presented in the Documents 
Incorporated by Reference. The adjustments were due to the first time application of IFRS 17 “Insurance Contracts”, and the 
sale of Innomotics which requires the application of IFRS 5 “Non-current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations”. 
Further explanation can be found in the notes of the audited Consolidated Financial Statements of Siemens AG as of and 
for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, incorporated by reference into this document. 
The number of shares outstanding at September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 was 
784,869,164 and 789,920,082, respectively.  
Risk Factors 
For a description of certain risk factors relating to Siemens AG, see “Part B: Risk Factors”. 
Information about Siemens AG  
Siemens traces its origins to 1847. Beginning with advances in telegraph technology, the Company 
quickly expanded its product line and geographic scope and was already a multi-national business by 
the end of the 19th century. The Company formed a partnership under the name Siemens & Halske in 
1847, reorganized as a limited partnership in 1889 and as a stock corporation in 1897. The Company 
moved its headquarters from Berlin to Munich in 1949, and assumed its current name as Siemens AG, 
a stock corporation under the Federal laws of Germany, in 1966. Siemens acts under its legal name 
Siemens Aktiengesellschaft and its commercial name Siemens. 
Siemens AG is a stock corporation incorporated in the Federal Republic of Germany and operating 
under the German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz). Siemens AG is registered in the Commercial 
Register (Handelsregister) maintained by the local courts in Berlin Charlottenburg, Germany, under the 
entry number HRB 12300, and in Munich, Germany, under the entry number HRB 6684. The Legal 
Entity Identifier (LEI) of Siemens AG is W38RGI023J3WT1HWRP32. 
The address of our principal executive offices is Werner-von-Siemens-Straße 1, 80333 Munich, 
Germany; telephone number +49 (89) 78050. 
The website of Siemens AG is www.siemens.com. The information on this website does not form 
part of this Prospectus.

--- Page 177 ---
176 
Credit Rating  
Siemens’ current corporate long-term credit ratings from Moody’s Deutschland GmbH (“Moody’s”) 
and S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”) are noted as follows: 
Moody’s2,3 
S&P1,3 
Long-term debt .................................................................................................  
Aa34,5 
AA-4,6 
___________________________ 
(1) 
S&P is established in the European Union and is registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended (the “CRA Regulation”).  
(2) 
Moody’s is established in the European Union and is registered under the CRA Regulation.  
(3) 
The European Securities and Markets Authority publishes on its website (www.esma.europa.eu) a list of credit rating 
agencies registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation. That list is updated within five working days following the 
adoption of a decision under article 16, 17 or 20 CRA Regulation. The European Commission shall publish that updated list 
in the Official Journal of the European Union within 30 days following such update.  
(4) 
Security ratings are not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities. Credit ratings may be subject to revision or 
withdrawal by the rating agencies at any time and each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating.  
(5) 
The classification “Aa” is the second highest category within Moody’s long-term credit rating scale. The numerical modifier 
“3” indicates that our long-term debt ranks in the lower end of that rating category.  
(6) 
The classification “AA” is the second highest category within S&P’s long-term credit rating scale. The modifier “-” indicates 
that our long-term debt ranks in the lower end of that rating category. 
Capital Structure  
September 30,  
2024(1)  
2023(1)  
 
(in millions of €) 
Short-term debt and current maturities of long-term debt .............. 
6,598 
7,483 
Trade payables ............................................................................... 
8,843 
10,130 
Other current financial liabilities ...................................................... 
2,006 
1,613 
Contract liabilities ............................................................................ 
12,855 
12,571 
Current provisions ........................................................................... 
2,730 
2,320 
Current income tax liabilities ........................................................... 
1,805 
2,566 
Other current liabilities .................................................................... 
7,833 
8,182 
Liabilities associated with assets classified as held for disposal 
1,245 
50 
Total current liabilities 
43,913 
44,913 
Long-term debt ............................................................................... 
41,321 
39,113 
Provisions for pensions and similar obligations .............................. 
912 
1,426 
Deferred tax liabilities ..................................................................... 
1,483 
1,655 
Provisions ....................................................................................... 
1,120 
1,463 
Other financial liabilities .................................................................. 
864 
1,516 
Other liabilities ................................................................................ 
1,968 
1,933 
Total non-current liabilities 
47,667 
47,106 
Total liabilities 
91,581 
92,019 
Debt ratio(2) ...................................................................................... 
62% 
63% 
 
 
 
Total equity attributable to shareholders of Siemens AG 
51,264 
47,782 
Equity ratio(3) ................................................................................... 
38% 
37% 
Non-controlling interests ................................................................. 
4,967 
5,270 
Total liabilities and equity 
147,812 
145,071 
___________________________ 
(1)  The selected financial data as of September 30, 2024 are derived from the audited Consolidated Financial Statements of 
Siemens AG as of and for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024 and the selected financial data as of 
September 30, 2023 are derived from the audited Consolidated Financial Statements of Siemens AG as of and for the fiscal 
year ended September 30, 2023 except for the retrospectively adjusted prior-year information as of September 30, 2023 
which has been derived from the audited Consolidated Financial Statements of Siemens AG as of and for the fiscal year 
ended September 30, 2024, as presented in the Documents Incorporated by Reference. The adjustments were due to the 
first time application of IFRS 17 “Insurance Contracts”. Further explanation can be found in the notes of the audited 
Consolidated Financial Statements of Siemens AG as of and for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, incorporated by 
reference into this document. 
(2)  Debt ratio is defined as total liabilities as a percentage of total liabilities and equity. 
(3)  Equity ratio is defined as the sum of total equity attributable to shareholders of Siemens AG and non-controlling interests as 
a percentage of total liabilities and equity.

--- Page 178 ---
177 
Business Overview  
Siemens is a technology company that is active in nearly all countries of the world, focusing on the 
areas of automation and digitalization in the process and manufacturing industries, intelligent 
infrastructure for buildings and distributed energy systems, smart mobility solutions for rail transport and 
medical technology and digital healthcare services. As of September 30, 2024, Siemens had around 
327,000 employees. 
As of September 30, 2024, Siemens has the following reportable segments: Digital Industries, 
Smart Infrastructure, Mobility and Siemens Healthineers, which together form the “Industrial Business” 
and Siemens Financial Services, which supports the activities of our Industrial Businesses and also 
conducts its own business with external customers. 
Digital Industries offers a comprehensive product portfolio and system solutions for automation used 
in discrete and process industries; these offerings include automation systems and software for 
factories, numerical control systems, servo motors, drives and inverters and integrated automation 
systems for machine tools and production machines. Digital Industries also provides process control 
systems, machine-to-machine communication products, sensors (for measuring pressure, temperature, 
level, flow rate, distance or shape) and radio frequency identification systems. Furthermore, Digital 
Industries offers production and product lifecycle management (“PLM”) software, and software for 
simulation and testing of mechatronic systems. These leading software offerings are supplemented by 
an electronic design automation (EDA) software portfolio; the Mendix cloud-native low-code application 
development platform, which allows customers to significantly reduce app development times through 
visual representation of underlying code; and digital marketplaces for the global electronics value chain, 
such as Supplyframe and Pixeom. Digital Industries also provides customers with lifecycle and data-
driven services.  
The most important customer markets include the automotive industry, the machine-building industry, 
the pharmaceutical and chemicals industry, the food and beverage industry and the electronics and 
semiconductor industry. In fiscal 2024, Digital Industries continued to transition parts of its software 
business, particularly PLM, from largely upfront revenue recognition towards Software as a Service 
(SaaS). 
At the beginning of fiscal 2025, Digital Industries signed an agreement to acquire Altair Engineering Inc., 
U.S., a provider of computational science and artificial intelligence software. Closing of the transaction 
is subject to customary conditions and is expected within the second half of calendar year 2025. 
Smart Infrastructure offers products, systems, solutions, services and software to support the 
global transition from fossil to renewable energy sources, and the associated transition to smarter, more 
sustainable buildings and communities. Smart Infrastructure’s versatile portfolio consists of buildings, 
electrification, and electrical products. Its buildings portfolio addresses the needs of operators, owners, 
occupants and users of buildings. It spans building management systems and software; heating, 
ventilation and air conditioning controls; fire safety and security products and systems; and solutions 
and services such as energy performance services. Across multiple domains in the built environment, 
cloud-native software suite covers the entire life cycle of asset management and operations, for 
maintenance, capital planning and sustainability. With its electrification portfolio, Smart Infrastructure 
makes grids more resilient, flexible and efficient. Its offerings cover grid simulation, operation and control 
software; substation automation and protection; medium-voltage primary and secondary switchgear 
including fluorinated gas-free (F-gas-free) medium-voltage switchgear; and low-voltage switchboards 
and eMobility charging infrastructure. The electrical products portfolio addresses industrial and building 
applications. Its offerings include low-voltage switching, measuring and control equipment; low-voltage 
distribution systems and switchgear; and circuit breakers, contactors and switching for medium voltage. 
Smart Infrastructure’s customer and end user base is diverse. It encompasses infrastructure 
developers, construction companies and contractors; owners, operators and tenants of both public and 
commercial buildings including hospitals, campuses, airports and data centers; companies in process 
industries such as oil and gas, mining, pharmaceuticals and chemicals; companies in discrete 
manufacturing industries such as automotive and machine building; and utilities and power grid network 
operators (transmission and distribution). 
In fiscal 2024, Smart Infrastructure signed an agreement to sell its wiring accessories business in 
China. Closing of the transaction is expected in fiscal 2025.

--- Page 179 ---
178 
Mobility combines all Siemens businesses in the area of rail passenger and rail freight 
transportation. Within its rolling stock business, its offerings encompass vehicles and selected 
components for urban and regional transport such as metro systems, trams and light rail, and commuter 
trains as well as trains and passenger coaches for intercity and long-distance services, such as high-
speed rail. Rolling stock offerings furthermore include locomotives, solutions for automated 
transportation and leasing solutions. Offerings in its rail infrastructure business include products and 
solutions for rail automation, such as automatic train control systems, interlockings, operations control 
and telematic systems, digital station solutions and railway communication systems, signaling on-board 
and signaling crossing products, and yard and depot solutions; and products and solutions for 
electrification such as AC and DC traction power supply, contact lines and network control. With its 
service business, Mobility provides maintenance and digital services, among others, for rolling stock 
and rail infrastructure throughout the entire lifecycle. In its turnkey business, it bundles consulting, 
planning, financing, construction, service and operation of complete mobility systems. Mobility’s 
software business comprises train planning systems, trip planning, mobile ticketing, Mobility as a Service 
(MaaS) platforms, on-demand transportation and fleet management, data analytics, and inventory and 
reservation management. 
The principal customers of Mobility are public and state-owned companies in the transportation 
and logistics sectors. 
Siemens as majority shareholder holds just over 75% of the shares of the publicly listed Siemens 
Healthineers AG, Germany (“Siemens Healthineers”). Siemens Healthineers is a global provider of 
healthcare products, solutions and services. It develops, manufactures, and sells a diverse range of 
diagnostic and therapeutic products and services to healthcare providers. In addition, Siemens 
Healthineers also provides clinical consulting services, as well as an extensive range of training and 
service offerings. This comprehensive portfolio supports customers along the entire care continuum, 
from prevention and early detection through to diagnosis, treatment, and follow-up care. The customer 
spectrum ranges from public and private healthcare providers, including hospitals and hospital systems, 
public and private clinics and laboratories, universities, physicians/joint medical practices, public health 
agencies, public and private health insurers, through to pharmaceutical companies and clinical research 
institutes. The imaging business provides imaging products, services, and solutions as well as digital 
offerings. Its most important products are devices for magnetic resonance imaging, computed 
tomography, X-ray, molecular imaging, and ultrasound. The diagnostics business comprises in-vitro 
diagnostic products and services that are offered to healthcare providers in the fields of general 
laboratory, specialty laboratory, and point-of-care diagnostics. The Varian business offers a broad 
portfolio of cancer care technologies and services that support oncology departments in hospitals and 
clinics throughout the world. The portfolio of the advanced therapies business consists of highly 
integrated products, services, and solutions that are designed to support image-guided minimally 
invasive treatments, in areas such as cardiology, interventional radiology, and surgery. 
Siemens Financial Services (“SFS”) provides financing solutions for Siemens’ customers as well 
as other companies in the form of debt and equity investments. Based on its comprehensive financing 
know-how and specialist technology expertise in the areas of Siemens businesses, SFS supports its 
customers’ investments with leasing, lending, working capital and structured financing solutions and 
offers a broad range of equipment and project financing. In addition, SFS supports Siemens’ industrial 
businesses with financial advisory services and via a joint go-to-market that includes SFS’s risk 
management expertise, such as to assess the risk profiles of projects or business models. Furthermore, 
SFS collaborates with Siemens’ industrial businesses to co-develop new digital business models. 
Organizational Structure  
Siemens Group comprises Siemens AG, a stock corporation under the Federal laws of Germany, 
as the parent company and about 801 subsidiaries, associated companies and joint ventures as of 
September 30, 2024. The Company is incorporated in Germany, with its corporate headquarters 
situated in Munich. Siemens operates under the leadership of its Managing Board, which comprises the 
President of the Managing Board as well as members of the Managing Board responsible for the 
individual portfolios with responsibility for the Businesses, the Countries, and the Service and 
Governance Units.

--- Page 180 ---
179 
Trend Information  
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of Siemens AG since the date of its 
last published audited Consolidated Financial Statements as of and for the fiscal year ended 
September 30, 2024. 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance of the Siemens Group since 
September 30, 2024, the end of the last financial period for which financial information has been 
published. 
Management and Supervisory Bodies  
Managing Board  
As of the date of this Prospectus, the Managing Board consisted of the following members:  
Name 
Current position at Siemens 
Principal activities outside the Issuer; 
Companies at which Supervisory Board 
and similar positions held 
Dr. Roland Busch 
President and CEO 
Münchener Rückversicherungs-
Gesellschaft Aktiengesellschaft in 
München 
Prof. Dr. Ralf P. Thomas 
Executive Vice-President and 
CFO 
Allianz Versicherungs-AG 
Veronika Bienert 
Executive Vice-President 
 
Dr. Peter Koerte 
Executive Vice-President, 
Chief Technology Officer 
and Chief Strategy Officer 
 
Cedrik Neike 
Executive Vice-President 
Evonik Industries AG 
Matthias Rebellius 
Executive Vice-President 
Siemens Energy AG; Siemens Energy 
Management GmbH 
Judith Wiese 
Executive Vice-President and 
CHRO 
European School of Management and 
Technology GmbH 
The business address of the members of our Managing Board is the same as our business address 
of the registered office in Munich, Werner-von-Siemens-Straße 1, 80333 Munich, Germany.

--- Page 181 ---
180 
Supervisory Board 
As required by our Articles of Association and German law, our Supervisory Board currently 
consists of 20 members. As of the date of this Prospectus, the Supervisory Board consisted of the 
following 20 members:  
Name 
Occupation 
Member since 
Jim Hagemann Snabe 
Chairman 
Chairman of the Supervisory Board of 
Siemens AG 
October 1, 2013 
Birgit Steinborn* 
First Deputy Chairwoman 
Chairwoman of the Central Works Council 
of Siemens AG 
January 24, 2008 
Dr. Werner Brandt  
Second Deputy Chairman 
Chairman of the Supervisory Board of RWE 
AG 
January 31, 2018 
Tobias Bäumler* 
Deputy Chairman of the Central Works 
Council of Siemens AG 
October 16, 2020 
Regina E. Dugan (PhD) 
President and Chief Executive Officer of 
Wellcome Leap Inc. 
February 9, 2023 
Dr. Andrea Fehrmann* 
Trade Union Secretary, IG Metall Regional 
Office for Bavaria 
January 31, 2018 
Bettina Haller* 
Chairwoman of the Combine Works Council 
of Siemens AG 
April 1, 2007 
Oliver Hartmann* 
Head of the Regional Office Erlangen / 
Nuremberg, Germany, Chairman of the 
Committee of Spokespersons of the 
Siemens Group and Chairman of the 
Central Committee of Spokespersons of 
Siemens AG 
September 14, 2023 
Keryn Lee James 
Chair of the Board of Directors of OPUS 
Talent Solutions Ltd. 
February 9, 2023 
Jürgen Kerner* 
Deputy Chairman of IG Metall 
January 25, 2012 
Martina Merz 
Member of supervisory boards 
February 9, 2023 
Dr. Christian Pfeiffer* 
Innovation manager at Siemens Mobility 
GmbH, member of the Combine Works 
Council of Siemens AG and of the Central 
Works Council of Siemens Mobility GmbH 
February 9, 2023 
Benoît Potier  
Chairman of the Board of Directors of L’Air 
Liquide S.A. 
January 31, 2018 
Hagen Reimer* 
Trade Union Secretary of the Managing 
Board of IG Metall 
January 30, 2019 
Kasper Rørsted 
Member of supervisory boards 
February 3, 2021 
Dr. Nathalie von Siemens  
Member of supervisory boards 
January 27, 2015 
Dorothea Simon*  
Chairwoman of the Central Works Council 
of Siemens Healthineers AG 
October 1, 2017 
Mimon Uhamou* 
Chairman of the Siemens Europe 
Committee 
December 12, 2023

--- Page 182 ---
181 
Name 
Occupation 
Member since 
Grazia Vittadini 
Chief Technology Officer and member of 
the Executive Board of Deutsche Lufthansa 
AG 
February 3, 2021 
Matthias Zachert 
Chairman of the Board of Management of 
LANXESS AG 
January 31, 2018 
___________________________ 
* 
Employee representative  
 
The business address of the members of our Supervisory Board is the same as our business 
address, Werner-von-Siemens-Straße 1, 80333 Munich, Germany, care of Jim Hagemann Snabe.  
Potential Conflicts of Interest  
Some of our board members hold, or in the last year have held, positions of significant 
responsibility with other entities. We have relationships with almost all these entities in the ordinary 
course of our business whereby we buy and sell a wide variety of products and services on arm’s length 
terms.  
Pursuant to the bylaws of the Managing and the Supervisory Board, the members of these bodies 
are obliged to give notice of any conflicts of interest to the Chairman of the Supervisory Board.  
As of the date of this Prospectus, no further conflict of interest between any duties to Siemens AG 
of the members of our Managing and Supervisory Board and their private interests and/or other duties 
has been disclosed to the Chairman of the Supervisory Board. 
During the last fiscal year, there were no loans outstanding to members of our Managing Board or 
Supervisory Board.  
Major Shareholders 
The German Securities Trading Act (Wertpapierhandelsgesetz) requires holders of voting rights to 
notify the Issuer and the German Federal Financial Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für 
Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht, BaFin) of their holdings whenever these reach, exceed or fall below 
certain thresholds. The thresholds are set at 3%, 5%, 10%, 15%, 20%, 25%, 30%, 50% and 75% of the 
total voting rights issued. No notifications are required for fluctuations between two thresholds. Under 
some circumstances, the German Securities Trading Act (Wertpapierhandelsgesetz) requires share 
ownership to be attributed also to certain third parties, in which case both the direct holder and the third 
party may be required to provide notification. Examples are the attribution of a subsidiary’s holdings to 
one or more parent companies within a corporate group, or the attribution of shareholdings held for the 
account of a third party. 
To the best of our knowledge and based on the notifications received by Siemens AG, other than 
described below there is no other third party that, directly or indirectly, has an interest in Siemens AG’s 
voting share capital which is notifiable under the German Securities Trading Act as exceeding the above 
mentioned thresholds. In each case listed below, Siemens AG has received no further notification from 
the relevant party since the specified notification date. 
BlackRock, Inc., Wilmington, USA, notified us on October 3, 2024, that on October 1, 2024, its 
interest (held either directly or indirectly) in the voting rights of Siemens AG amounted in total to 6.12%, 
thereof 6.11% attached to shares (48,882,145 shares) and 0.01% through instruments. 
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Wilmington, USA, notified us on December 22, 2022, that on 
December 16, 2022, its interest (held either directly or indirectly) in the voting rights of Siemens AG 
amounted in total to 4.15%, thereof 0.28% attached to shares (2,377,304 shares) and 3.87% through 
instruments. 
The Werner Siemens-Stiftung, Zug, Switzerland, notified us on January 21, 2008, that its 
percentage of voting rights (held either directly or indirectly) in Siemens AG exceeded the threshold of 
3% of the voting rights in our Company on January 2, 2008, and amounted in total to 3.03% (27,739,285 
voting rights) as per this date.

--- Page 183 ---
182 
Historical Financial Information 
The audited Consolidated Financial Statements of Siemens Group as of and for the fiscal years 
ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 together with the respective independent auditor’s 
reports thereon are incorporated by reference into this Prospectus to the extent set out herein. 
Siemens AG Accounting Standards  
The Consolidated Financial Statements of Siemens AG as of and for the fiscal years ended 
September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 incorporated by reference have been prepared in 
accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”), as adopted by the European 
Union (“EU”) and the additional requirements of German commercial law pursuant to Section 315e(1) 
of the German Commercial Code (Handelsgesetzbuch). The Consolidated Financial Statements are 
also in accordance with IFRS as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”).  
Auditing of Historical Financial Information 
The Consolidated Financial Statements of Siemens Group as of and for the fiscal year ended 
September 30, 2024 
have 
been 
audited 
by 
PricewaterhouseCoopers 
GmbH 
Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft, Frankfurt am Main, office Munich, Bernhard-Wicki-Straße 8, 80636 
Munich, Germany and an unqualified independent auditor’s report has been issued thereon. 
The Consolidated Financial Statements of Siemens Group as of and for the fiscal year ended 
September 30, 2023 have been audited by EY GmbH & Co. KG Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft, 
Stuttgart, office Munich, Arnulfstraße 59, 80636 Munich, Germany and an unqualified independent 
auditor’s report has been issued thereon. 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings  
Siemens is involved in numerous legal disputes and proceedings in various jurisdictions 
(“Legal Proceedings”). These Legal Proceedings could result, in particular, in Siemens being subject 
to payment of damages and punitive damages, equitable remedies or sanctions, fines or disgorgement 
of profit. In individual cases this may also lead to formal or informal exclusion from tenders or the 
revocation or loss of business licenses or permits. In addition, further Legal Proceedings may be 
commenced or the scope of pending Legal Proceedings may be extended. Asserted claims are 
generally subject to interest rates.  
Some of these Legal Proceedings could result in adverse decisions for Siemens which may have 
material effects on its business activities as well as its financial position, results of operations and cash 
flows. 
Proceedings out of or in connection with alleged compliance violations 
In July 2008, Hellenic Telecommunications Organization S.A. (“OTE”) filed a lawsuit against 
Siemens AG with the district court of Munich, Germany, seeking to compel Siemens AG to disclose the 
outcome of its internal investigations with respect to OTE. OTE seeks to obtain information with respect 
to allegations of undue influence and/or acts of bribery in connection with contracts concluded between 
Siemens AG and OTE from calendar years 1992 to 2006. At the end of July 2010, OTE expanded its 
claim and requested payment of damages by Siemens AG of at least €57 million to OTE for alleged 
bribery payments to OTE employees. In October 2014, OTE increased its damage claim to the amount 
of at least €68 million. In August 2024, the district court of Munich rejected OTE’s claim in full. In 
September 2024, OTE appealed against the first-instance decision to the Munich Higher Regional Court. 
Siemens AG continues to defend itself against the claim. 
In May 2014, the Public Affairs Office (Ministério Público) São Paulo initiated a lawsuit against 
Siemens Ltda. as well as other companies and several individuals claiming, inter alia, damages in an 
amount of BRL2.5 billion (approximately €413 million as of September 2024) plus adjustments for 
inflation and related interest in relation to train refurbishment contracts entered into between 2008 and 
2011. In connection with the same contracts, the Companhia do Metropolitano de São Paulo 
(“Metro/SP”) initiated in January 2024 administrative proceedings against Siemens Energy do Brasil 
Ltda. (formerly Siemens Ltda.) and other companies. Metro/SP requests that Siemens Energy do Brasil

--- Page 184 ---
183 
Ltda. and the other companies be excluded from public tenders and contracts with public entities for a 
period of up to two years. In January 2015, the district court of São Paulo admitted a lawsuit of the State 
of São Paulo and two customers against Siemens Ltda., Siemens AG and other companies and 
individuals claiming damages in an unspecified amount. In March 2015, the district court of São Paulo 
admitted a lawsuit of the Public Affairs Office (Ministério Público) São Paulo against Siemens Ltda. and 
other companies claiming, inter alia, damages in an amount of BRL487 million (approximately €81 
million as of September 2024) plus adjustments for inflation and related interest in relation to train 
maintenance contracts entered into in 2000 and 2002. In September 2015, the district court of São Paulo 
admitted another lawsuit of the Public Affairs Office (Ministério Público) São Paulo against Siemens 
Ltda. and other companies claiming, inter alia, damages in an amount of BRL918 million (approximately 
€152 million as of September 2024) plus adjustments for inflation and related interest in relation to train 
maintenance contracts entered into in 2006 and 2007. Siemens is defending itself against these actions. 
It cannot be excluded that further significant damage claims will be brought by customers or the state 
against Siemens. 
In June 2015, Siemens Ltda. appealed to the Supreme Court against a decision of a previous court 
to suspend Siemens Ltda. from participating in public tenders and signing contracts with public 
administrations in Brazil for a five year term based on alleged irregularities in calendar years 1999 and 
2004 in public tenders with the Brazilian Postal authority. In June 2018, the court accepted Siemens’ 
appeal and declared the earlier instance decision as void. In June 2021, the court referred the case 
back to the court of first instance. In February 2018, the Public Affairs Office (Ministério Público) in 
Brasilia filed a lawsuit based on the same set of facts, mainly claiming the exclusion of Siemens Ltda. 
from public tenders for a ten year term. Siemens Ltda. is defending itself against the lawsuit. Siemens 
Ltda. is currently not excluded from participating in public tenders. 
Significant change in the Financial Position of the Siemens Group 
There has been no significant change in the financial position of the Siemens Group since 
September 30, 2024, the end of the last financial period for which audited consolidated financial 
information has been published. 
Additional Information  
Capital Stock  
The capital stock of Siemens AG as of the date of this Prospectus amounts to €2,400,000,000, 
divided into 800,000,000 registered shares of no par value with a fully paid up notional value of 
€3.00 per share. Each share represents one vote in the shareholders’ meeting. 
Objects and Purposes  
According to section 2 of our Articles of Association, the objects and purposes of our Company 
are: 
1. 
The object of the Company is to develop, manufacture, supply, operate, distribute and trade 
in products, systems, facilities and solutions and to render services, as well as research and 
development, in particular in the areas of industry, energy, healthcare and infrastructure, 
including its traditional fields of electrical engineering, electronics, precision mechanics and 
mechanical engineering, as well as adjacent fields of activity. The Company can operate in 
these and other areas in all information technology fields (including electronic data 
processing and transfer, software, platforms and self-learning systems) and render related 
services. Moreover, the Company can operate in the financial sector in particular through 
consolidated subsidiaries or associated companies (including banks and reinsurance 
companies) and participate directly or indirectly in enterprises and companies of any type, 
also to manage its own assets. Finally, the Company may engage in business of any kind 
and take any and all measures related to, or which seem to be directly or indirectly useful in 
promoting, the above activities.  
2. 
The Company may realize its object itself or through consolidated subsidiaries or associated 
companies (including joint ventures). It can confine itself to some of the activities specified in 
subsection 1. The Company can set up associated companies, acquire participating interests 
and change them structurally, bring them under uniform control or may limit itself to managing

--- Page 185 ---
184 
the participating interest, sell participating interests and also conclude enterprise and 
cooperation agreements of any kind. 
Recent Developments 
In May 2024, Siemens signed an agreement to sell Innomotics, a supplier of electric motor and large-
drive systems, to KPS Capital Partners, LP in cash. In October 2024, Siemens completed the sale of 
Innomotics for a preliminary consideration of €3.2 billion, resulting in a preliminary gain after taxes of 
€2.0 billion. 
In October 2024, Siemens signed an agreement to acquire Altair Engineering Inc. (“Altair”), U.S., a 
provider of computational science and artificial intelligence software. Altair shareholders will receive 
U.S. Dollar 113 per share, representing an enterprise value of approximately U.S. Dollar 10 billion. 
Closing of the transaction is subject to customary conditions and is expected within the second half of 
calendar year 2025. 
In October 2024, Siemens signed an agreement to dispose the airport logistics business for €0.3 billion 
(enterprise value). Closing is subject to regulatory approvals and expected in calendar year 2025.

--- Page 186 ---
185 
2. 
Description of Siemens Capital Company LLC 
Responsibility Statement  
The Responsibility Statement is set out on page 1 of this Prospectus.  
Statutory Auditors 
The auditors for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024 were PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, 
300 Madison Ave, New York, NY 10017, United States of America. 
The auditors for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022 were Ernst & Young LLP, 
One Manhattan West, New York, NY 10001, United States of America.  
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP and Ernst & Young LLP are members of the American Institute of 
Certified Public Accountants (“AICPA”), New York, United States of America.  
Selected Financial Information  
Statements of Comprehensive Income Data (IFRS) 
For the fiscal years ended 
September 30, 
2024(1)  
2023(1)  
(in millions of U.S. Dollar) 
Net interest income ............................................................................. 
121.9 
303.5 
Income before income taxes ............................................................... 
127.2 
242.7 
Net income .......................................................................................... 
95.1 
181.0 
Balance Sheets Data (IFRS) 
September 30, 
2024(1) 
2023(1) 
(in millions of U.S. Dollar) 
Total assets ........................................................................................  
16,066.2 
20,504.0 
Current assets ....................................................................................  
9,275.8 
10,419.7 
Non-current assets .............................................................................  
6,790.4 
10,084.3 
Member’s equity .................................................................................  
1,898.4 
1,803.5 
Total liabilities .....................................................................................  
14,167.8 
18,700.5 
Current liabilities .................................................................................  
11,436.3 
14,246.5 
Non-current liabilities ..........................................................................  
2,731.4 
4,453.9 
___________________________ 
(1) 
The selected financial data are derived from the audited Financial Statements of Siemens Capital Company LLC as of and 
for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, as presented in the Documents Incorporated by 
Reference. 
Risk Factors  
The operations of SCC involve certain risk factors typically associated with the business SCC 
engages in. A description of such risk factors is set out in “Part B: Risk Factors”.  
Information about SCC  
SCC acts under its legal and commercial name “Siemens Capital Company LLC”. 
The organizational registration number assigned by the Delaware Secretary of State to SCC 
is 3620 828.  
SCC was formed on January 31, 2003 and is a limited liability company incorporated and operating 
under the laws of the State of Delaware, United States of America, pursuant to the Delaware Limited 
Liability Company Act, Del. C Sections 18-101 (et seq.). It is also registered to do business as a foreign 
limited liability company in the state of New Jersey as of April 1, 2003. The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) 
of SCC is EOSCVWUER252U910GR08.

--- Page 187 ---
186 
The address of the registered office of SCC’s Agent is, “The Corporation Trust Company” (“CT”), 
1209 Orange Street, Corporation Trust Center, Wilmington, Delaware 19801, United States of America. 
The telephone number of CT’s registered office is +1 302 658 7581 or Toll Free: +1 800 677 3394.  
The address of SCC’s principal place of business is 200 Wood Avenue South, Suite 200, Iselin, 
New Jersey 08830, United States of America. The telephone number of SCC’s principal place of 
business 
is 
+1 800 
7436367. 
The 
website 
of 
SCC 
is 
https://new.siemens.com/us/en/company/about/businesses/siemens-capital-company.html. 
The information on this website does not form part of this Prospectus. 
Business Overview  
SCC operates within the Controlling and Finance Group of Siemens AG. SCC is also referred to 
as “Regional Finance Center” responsible for the Americas region. The primary purpose of SCC is to 
provide financing, in-house banking and payments, financial risk management, intercompany 
accounting as well as insurance and trade finance advisory services to Siemens AG’s North American 
affiliates. This includes providing insurance risk management as well as trade financial advisory services 
mainly for guarantee financial instruments to the affiliates within the region. Additionally, SCC provides 
services in investment management for the retirement plans of Siemens AG North American affiliates. 
Because of its aforementioned purpose, SCC does not have any markets in which it competes and, 
therefore, SCC cannot make a statement regarding its competitive position in any markets. 
SCC and its parent, Siemens Corporation, have entered into an agreement under which Siemens 
Corporation guarantees to SCC the payment of all amounts, including but not limited to principal and 
interest amounts, due under any intercompany loan provided to the Siemens U.S. affiliates (which 
comprises the majority of SCC’s assets) up to U.S. Dollar 20 billion which expired on September 30, 
2024. On October 1, 2024, the guarantee was updated to a maximum value of U.S. Dollar 15 billion 
through September 30, 2029. 
Siemens Aktiengesellschaft has given a guarantee dated December 9, 2024 for payment 
obligations of SCC under the Instruments. 
Organizational Structure  
SCC, a Delaware limited liability company is a wholly owned subsidiary of Siemens Corporation, 
a U.S. company that is indirectly wholly owned by Siemens AG.  
Trend Information 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of SCC since the date of its last 
published audited Financial Statements as of and for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024.  
There has been no significant change in the financial performance of SCC since 
September 30, 2024, the end of the last financial period for which financial information has been 
published.  
Management 
The management of SCC is formed by the officers appointed as such. As of the date of this 
Prospectus, the officers of SCC are:  
1. 
Nicola T. Bates, President and Chief Executive Officer 
2. 
Joseph R. Accardi, Senior Vice President and Controller 
3. 
Eileen Leahy, Senior Vice President 
4. 
Richard O’Connor, Senior Vice President 
5. 
Christian Zambrano Burgl, Senior Vice President 
6.  
Erich Samhaber, Senior Vice President

--- Page 188 ---
187 
7. 
Gaurav Mandrekar, Vice President 
8. 
Robert Mignella, Secretary; Chief Counsel Banking and Finance Americas for Siemens 
Corporation 
9. 
Salvatore Marcoccio III, Assistant Secretary; Counsel for Siemens Corporation 
10. Ryan Dunmire, Lead Counsel and Assistant Secretary; Senior Counsel for Siemens 
Corporation 
11. Lonnie Ellis, Assistant Secretary - Tax Purposes; Senior Vice President, Taxes and Customs 
of Siemens Corporation 
The business of SCC is managed under the direction of two members of its Board of Managers 
who as of the date of this Prospectus are: 
1. 
Dr. Peter Rathgeb, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer of Siemens Treasury GmbH and 
Group Treasurer of Siemens AG 
2. 
Ishita Aggarwal, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Siemens 
Corporation 
The business address of the Board of Managers and each officer of SCC is 200 Wood Avenue 
South, Suite 200, Iselin, New Jersey 08830, United States of America. 
The management of SCC reports to the management of Siemens Corporation, the parent company 
and sole member of SCC. Siemens Corporation is managed by a Board of Directors consisting of three 
directors. Neither SCC nor Siemens Corporation has “Supervisory Boards”. 
As of the date of this Prospectus, the above-mentioned officers and members of the Board of 
Managers of SCC have no potential conflicts of interest between any duties to SCC and their private 
interests or other duties.  
Major Shareholders  
SCC is a limited liability company, directly and wholly owned by Siemens Corporation.  
Financial Information concerning SCC’s Assets and Liabilities, Financial Position and Profits 
and Losses  
Historical Financial Information  
The audited Financial Statements of SCC as of and for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2024 
and September 30, 2023 and the audited Financial Statements of SCC as of and for the fiscal years 
ended September 30, 2023 and September 30, 2022 together with the reports of independent auditors 
thereon are incorporated by reference into this Prospectus to the extent set out herein. 
SCC Accounting Standards 
The Financial Statements of SCC as of and for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2024 and 
September 30, 2023 and the Financial Statements of SCC as of and for the fiscal years ended 
September 30, 2023 and September 30, 2022 have been prepared in accordance with International 
Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board 
(“IASB”). 
SCC applied all applicable IFRS standards and interpretations that were effective as of 
September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023.  
Auditing of Historical Financial Information 
The Financial Statements of SCC as of September 30, 2024 and for the year then ended, 
incorporated by reference in this Prospectus, have been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP,

--- Page 189 ---
188 
independent accountants as stated in their report of independent auditors incorporated by reference in 
this Prospectus. 
The Financial Statements of SCC as of and for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2023 and 
2022 have been audited by Ernst & Young LLP as stated in their report of independent auditors 
incorporated by reference in this Prospectus.  
Governmental, Legal and Arbitration Proceedings  
In the twelve months preceding the date of this Prospectus, there have been no governmental, 
legal or arbitration proceedings against SCC which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant 
effects on SCC’s financial position or profitability.  
Significant change in the Financial Position of SCC  
There has been no significant change in the financial position of SCC since September 30, 2024, 
the end of the last financial period for which audited financial information has been published.  
Additional Information  
Share Capital 
SCC has no shares issued and no authorized share capital.  
Objects and Purposes  
According to section “Third” of its Limited Liability Company Agreement, SCC’s purpose is to 
arrange financing for the Siemens companies in the U.S. and manage interest rate and foreign exchange 
risk for the group. Furthermore, SCC may engage in any lawful act or activity for which a corporation 
may be organized under the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act.

--- Page 190 ---
189 
3. 
Description of Siemens Financieringsmaatschappij N.V. 
Responsibility Statement  
The Responsibility Statement is set out on page 1 of this Prospectus.  
Statutory Auditors 
The financial statements of SFM as of and for the fiscal year ended 30 September 2024 have been 
audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers Accountants N.V., Thomas R. Malthusstraat 5, 1066 JR 
Amsterdam, The Netherlands. 
The auditors of SFM of the financial statements as of and for the fiscal year ended 
September 30, 2023 were Ernst & Young Accountants LLP, Boompjes 258, 3011 XZ Rotterdam, 
The Netherlands. Since June 29, 2024, the activities of Ernst & Young Accountants LLP have been 
transferred to EY Accountants B.V. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Accountants N.V. and EY Accountants B.V. are registered at the 
Dutch Authority for Financial Markets (“AFM”). The registered accountants of EY Accountants B.V. are 
members of and the auditor signing the auditor’s report on behalf of PricewaterhouseCoopers 
Accountants N.V. is a member of the Royal Netherlands Institute of Chartered Accountants (Koninklijke 
Nederlandse Beroepsorganisatie van Accountants – “NBA”), the professional body for accountants in 
the Netherlands. 
Selected Financial Data  
Statement of Comprehensive Income Data  
For the fiscal years ended 
September 30,  
2024(1)  
2023(1)  
(in millions of €) 
Net interest income (expenses) .......................................................... 
11.7 
10.4 
Fair value changes of financial instruments ........................................ 
(0.8) 
(0.7) 
Non-trading foreign exchange results ................................................. 
0.9 
2.8 
Net operating income (loss) ................................................................ 
11.8 
12.5 
Profit (loss) after tax ............................................................................ 
8.8 
8.9 
Statement of Financial Position Data 
September 30, 
2024(1) 
2023(1) 
(in millions of €) 
Total assets ......................................................................................... 
43,826.6 
43,386.8 
Total liabilities ...................................................................................... 
43,745.8 
43,305.9 
Total equity attributable to equity holders ........................................... 
80.8 
80.9 
___________________________ 
(1) 
The selected financial data as at and for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024 are derived from the audited Financial 
Statements of Siemens Financieringsmaatschappij N.V. as of and for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024 and the 
selected financial data as at and for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023 are derived from the audited Financial 
Statements of Siemens Financieringsmaatschappij N.V. as of and for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023, as 
presented in the Documents Incorporated by Reference. 
  
Risk Factors  
The operations of SFM involve certain risks typically associated with the business SFM engages 
in. A description of such risks is set out in “Part B: Risk Factors”.  
Information about SFM 
SFM was incorporated on September 14, 1977 and operates as a public company with limited 
liability (naamloze vennootschap) under the laws of The Netherlands. SFM acts under its legal and 
commercial name “Siemens Financieringsmaatschappij N.V.”.

--- Page 191 ---
190 
SFM’s registered office is at Prinses Beatrixlaan 800, 2595 BN The Hague, The Netherlands. 
Its telephone number is +31 70 333 2458. SFM is registered at the Commercial Register of The Hague 
Chambers of Commerce under 27092998. The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of SFM is 
TAFO772JB70PDRN5VS48. The website of SFM is www.siemens.com/SFM. The information on this 
website does not form part of this Prospectus. 
Business Overview  
SFM acts as a finance company that concentrates on financing activities for the Siemens Group 
and is therefore participating in financing and managing companies, enterprises and other business 
undertakings, withdrawing and lending money and, in general, conducting financial transactions, issuing 
securities and doing all such further acts as are incidental or may be conductive thereto in the broadest 
sense.  
Because of its aforementioned purpose SFM does not have any markets in which it competes and, 
therefore, SFM cannot make a statement regarding its competitive position in any markets.  
SFM is economically dependent on Siemens Aktiengesellschaft. Siemens Aktiengesellschaft acts 
as a guarantor for all Instruments issued by SFM. At least 95% of all liabilities of SFM resulting from 
repayable funds (opvorderbare gelden) is currently lent or invested within the Siemens Group.  
Organizational Structure  
SFM is a wholly owned subsidiary of Siemens Aktiengesellschaft and has no subsidiaries of its 
own.  
Trend Information  
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of SFM since the date of its last 
published audited Financial Statements as of and for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024. 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance of SFM since 
September 30, 2024, the end of the last financial period for which financial information has been 
published. 
Administration, Management, and Supervisory Bodies  
SFM is managed by a Management Board consisting of one or more members under the 
supervision of a Supervisory Board consisting of one or more members. Corporate bodies may be a 
member of the Management Board. The general meeting of shareholders appoints the members of the 
Management Board and the Supervisory Board and it fixes their number.  
As of the date of this Prospectus the members of the Management Board are:  
1. 
Gerard J.J. van der Lubbe, Chief Executive Officer, Managing Director of Siemens 
Finance B.V. 
2. 
Kirsty Elizabeth Mitchell, Chief Financial Officer, Managing Director of Siemens Finance B.V. 
As of the date of this Prospectus the members of the Supervisory Board are:  
1. 
Dr. Peter Rathgeb, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer of Siemens Treasury GmbH and 
Group Treasurer of Siemens AG  
2. 
Thilo Hahn, Chief Financial Officer of Siemens Treasury GmbH, member of the Supervisory 
Board of Siemens Finance B.V. 
The business address of each member of the Management Board and the Supervisory Board of 
SFM is Prinses Beatrixlaan 800, 2595 BN The Hague, The Netherlands.  
As of the date of this Prospectus the persons referred to above have no potential conflicts of 
interests between any duties to SFM and their private interests or other duties.

--- Page 192 ---
191 
  
Major Shareholders  
SFM is a wholly owned subsidiary of Siemens Aktiengesellschaft and, therefore, controlled by 
Siemens Aktiengesellschaft.  
Financial Information concerning SFM’s Assets and Liabilities, Financial Position and Profits 
and Losses  
Historical Financial Information  
The audited Financial Statements of SFM as of and for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2024 
and September 30, 2023 together with the respective independent auditor’s reports thereon are 
incorporated by reference into this Prospectus to the extent set out herein.  
SFM Accounting Standards  
The audited Financial Statements of SFM as of and for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2024 
and September 30, 2023 have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting 
Standards (“IFRS”) as adopted by the European Union (“EU”) and with Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch 
Civil Code.  
Auditing of Historical Financial Information  
The financial statements of SFM as of and for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024 have 
been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers Accountants N.V., Thomas R. Malthusstraat 5, 1066 JR 
Amsterdam, The Netherlands, and an unqualified independent auditor’s report has been issued thereon. 
The Financial Statements of SFM as of and for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023 have 
been audited by Ernst & Young Accountants LLP, Boompjes 258, 3011 XZ Rotterdam, The Netherlands 
and an unqualified independent auditor’s report has been issued thereon. 
Governmental, Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
In the twelve months preceding the date of this Prospectus, SFM has not been involved in any 
governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings, which are pending) 
which may have, or have in the recent past, significant effects on SFM’s financial position or profitability. 
Significant Change in the Financial Position of SFM 
There has been no significant change in the financial position of SFM since September 30, 2024, 
the end of the last financial period for which audited financial information has been published. 
Additional Information 
Share Capital 
The company’s authorized share capital as of the date of this Prospectus is divided in 50,000 
ordinary registered shares with a nominal value of €1,000 each, of which 10,256 shares have been 
issued and fully paid in and all shares are held (indirectly) by Siemens AG. Each of the shares represents 
one vote in the general meeting of shareholders. 
Objects and Purposes 
SFM acts as a finance company for corporate activities. SFM’s objectives, as contained in article 3 
of its Articles of Association, are participating in, financing and managing companies, enterprises and 
other business undertakings, withdrawing and lending money and, in general conducting financial 
transactions, issuing securities and doing all such further acts as are incidental or may be conductive 
thereto in the broadest sense.

--- Page 193 ---
192 
PART F: TAXATION 
THE TAX LEGISLATION OF THE MEMBER STATE OF PROSPECTIVE PURCHASERS OF 
INSTRUMENTS, THE ISSUER’S AND/OR THE GUARANTOR’S COUNTRIES OF INCORPORATION 
MAY HAVE AN IMPACT ON THE INCOME RECEIVED FROM THE INSTRUMENTS. PROSPECTIVE 
PURCHASERS OF INSTRUMENTS ARE ADVISED TO CONSULT THEIR OWN TAX ADVISORS AS 
TO THE TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE PURCHASE, OWNERSHIP AND DISPOSITION OF 
INSTRUMENTS INCLUDING THE EFFECT OF ANY STATE OR LOCAL TAXES, UNDER THE TAX 
LAWS APPLICABLE IN GERMANY, THE NETHERLANDS, THE GRAND DUCHY OF 
LUXEMBOURG, THE REPUBLIC OF AUSTRIA, THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA AND EACH 
COUNTRY OF WHICH THEY ARE RESIDENTS OR OTHERWISE SUBJECT TO TAXATION.

--- Page 194 ---
193 
PART G: DESCRIPTION OF THE TRUSTEE  
Luther Rechtsanwaltsgesellschaft mbH (“Luther”) comprises some 420 attorneys and tax advisors 
in its ten domestic and six international offices. The firm provides advice on all legal and tax aspects 
relevant for business. Among Luther’s clients figure large and medium-sized enterprises as well as 
public sector entities. The administrative headquarters are based in Cologne. The firm is registered with 
the Commercial Register of the Local Court in Cologne with the docket No HRB 39853. The registered 
capital amounts to €500,000.00.

--- Page 195 ---
194 
PART H: SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Instruments may be sold from time to time by the Issuers to any one or more of 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE, Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, BNP PARIBAS, BofA Securities Europe SA, 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG, Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft, Crédit Agricole Corporate and 
Investment Bank, Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE, 
HSBC Continental Europe, J.P. Morgan SE, Société Générale, UBS AG London Branch and 
UniCredit Bank GmbH (“Dealers”). Instruments may also be sold by the Issuers directly to institutions 
who are not Dealers. The arrangements under which Instruments may from time to time be agreed to 
be sold by the Issuers to, and purchased by, Dealers are set out in a dealership agreement dated 
December 9, 2024 (“Dealership Agreement”) and made between the Issuers, the Guarantor and the 
Dealers. Any such agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the form and terms and conditions of 
the relevant Instruments, the price at which such Instruments will be purchased by the Dealers and the 
commissions or other agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuers in respect of such 
purchase. The Dealership Agreement makes provision for the resignation or termination of appointment 
of existing Dealers and for the appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of 
the Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche of Instruments. 
General 
With the exception of the approval by the CSSF of this Prospectus as a prospectus issued in 
compliance with the Prospectus Regulation, no action has been or will be taken in any country or 
jurisdiction by any of the Issuers, the Guarantor or the Dealers that would permit a public offering of 
Instruments, or possession or distribution of any offering material in relation thereto, in any country or 
jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Each Dealer will comply with, and persons into 
whose hands this Prospectus or any Final Terms falls, are required by the Issuers and the Dealers to 
comply with, all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which they 
purchase, offer, sell or deliver Instruments or have in their possession or distribute such offering 
material, in all cases at their own expense.  
The Dealership Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions 
relating to any specific jurisdiction (set out below) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of 
change(s) or change(s) in official interpretation, after the date hereof, in applicable laws and regulations, 
no longer be applicable but without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in the paragraph 
headed “General” above.  
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuers and the 
Guarantor. Any such supplement or modification will be set out in the relevant Final Terms (in the case 
of a supplement or modification relevant only to a particular Tranche of Instruments) or (in any other 
case) in a supplement to this document.  
United States of America 
(a) 
With regard to each Tranche, each Dealer has severally acknowledged, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to acknowledge, that the Instruments, the 
SCC Guarantee and the SFM Guarantee have not been and will not be registered under the 
Securities Act and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account of 
U.S. persons except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act. Each Dealer has severally represented, warranted 
and undertaken that it has not offered or sold, and will not offer or sell, any Instrument, the SCC 
Guarantee and the SFM Guarantee constituting part of its allotment within the United States except 
in accordance with Rule 903 of Regulation S. Accordingly, each Dealer has further severally 
represented, warranted and undertaken, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent, warrant and undertake, that neither it, its affiliates nor any persons 
acting on its or their behalf have engaged or will engage in any directed selling efforts with respect 
to any Instrument, the SCC Guarantee and the SFM Guarantee and it and they have complied and 
will comply with the offering restrictions requirements of Regulation S. 
Instruments which are subject to U.S. tax law requirements may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its territories or to a United States person, except in transactions 
permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them 
by the United States Internal Revenue Code and regulations thereunder.

--- Page 196 ---
195 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of Instruments, 
the SCC Guarantee and the SFM Guarantee within the United States by a dealer (whether or not 
participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act.  
(b) 
Each Dealer has severally (i) represented, warranted and undertaken, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and undertake, that it has 
not offered, sold or delivered any Instruments, and will not offer, sell or deliver any Instruments, 
the SCC Guarantee and the SFM Guarantee, (x) as part of its distribution at any time or 
(y) otherwise until 40 days after the later of the commencement of the offering and closing date, 
except in accordance with Rule 903 of Regulation S; and accordingly, (ii) agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that, at or prior to confirmation 
of any sale of Instruments, it will have sent to each distributor, dealer or person receiving a selling 
concession, fee or other remuneration that purchases Instruments, the SCC Guarantee or the 
SFM Guarantee from it during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or notice to 
substantially the following effect:  
“The securities covered hereby have not been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, 
as amended (the “Securities Act”), and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, 
or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons by any person referred to in Rule 903(b)(2)(iii) of 
Regulation S under the Securities Act (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise 
until 40 days after the later of the commencement of the offering and the closing date, except in 
either case in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act. Terms used above have the 
meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act.” 
(c) 
With regard to each Tranche, each Dealer has severally represented, warranted and undertaken, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant 
and undertake, that it has not entered and will not enter into any contractual arrangement with 
respect to the distribution or delivery of Instruments, except with its affiliates or with the prior written 
consent of the Issuer.  
(d) 
Instruments issued by Siemens AG or Siemens Financieringsmaatschappij N.V. will be issued in 
accordance with the provisions of United States Treasury Regulations Section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) 
(the “D Rules”), or in accordance with the provisions of United States Treasury Regulations 
Section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the “C Rules”) (or, any successor rules in substantially the same form 
as the C Rules or D Rules, as applicable, for purposes of Section 4701 of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code), or held by Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main pursuant to the terms of 
a book-entry registration agreement, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. Instruments issued 
by Siemens Capital Company LLC will be held by Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main 
pursuant to the terms of a book-entry registration agreement. 
In addition, where the C Rules are specified in the Final Terms as being applicable to any Tranche 
of Instruments, such Instruments must be issued and delivered outside the United States and its 
territories in connection with their original issuance. Each Dealer has severally represented, 
warranted and undertaken, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent, warrant and undertake, that it, in connection with the original issuance of 
Instruments has not offered sold or delivered and will not offer, sell or deliver, directly or indirectly, 
Instruments within the United States or its territories in connection with their original issuance. 
Further, each Dealer has severally represented, warranted and undertaken, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and undertake, in 
connection with the original issuance of Instruments, that it has not communicated, and will not 
communicate, directly or indirectly, with a prospective purchaser if either such Dealer or such 
purchaser is within the United States or its territories and will not otherwise involve its U.S. office 
in the offer or sale of Instruments. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them 
by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code and regulations thereunder, including the C Rules.

--- Page 197 ---
196 
In addition, in respect of Instruments issued in accordance with the D Rules, each Dealer has 
severally represented, warranted and undertaken, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and undertake, that:  
(i) 
except to the extent permitted under the D Rules, (x) it has not offered or sold, and during 
the restricted period will not offer or sell, Instruments to a person who is within the United 
States or its territories or to a United States person, and (y) such Dealer has not delivered 
and will not deliver within the United States or its territories definitive Instruments that are 
sold during the restricted period;  
(ii) 
it has, and throughout the restricted period will have, in effect procedures reasonably 
designed to ensure that its employees or agents who are directly engaged in selling 
Instruments are aware that such Instruments may not be offered or sold during the restricted 
period to a person who is within the United States or its territories or to a United States 
person, except as permitted by the D Rules;  
(iii) 
if such Dealer is a United States person, it represents that it is acquiring the Instruments for 
purposes of resale, in connection with their original issuance and if such Dealer retains 
Instruments for its own account, it will only do so in accordance with requirements identical 
to those of U.S. Treasury Regulation Section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D)(6); and  
(iv) with respect to each affiliate that acquires from such Dealer Instruments for the purposes of 
offering or selling such Instruments during the restricted period, such Dealer either 
(x) repeats and confirms the representations and agreements contained in paragraphs (i), (ii) 
and (iii) above on such affiliate’s behalf or (y) agrees that it will obtain from such affiliate for 
the benefit of the purchaser of the Instruments and the Issuer the representations and 
agreements contained in paragraphs (i), (ii) and (iii) above. Terms used in this paragraph 
(d) have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code and regulations 
thereunder, including the D Rules. 
Japan 
The Instruments have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and 
Exchange Act of Japan (Act No 25 of 1948), as amended (the “FIEA”). Accordingly, each Dealer has 
severally represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly 
or indirectly, offer to sell any Instruments in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan 
(which term as used herein means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other 
entity organized under the laws of Japan) or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in 
Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident in Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the 
registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, FIEA and other relevant laws, regulations 
and guidelines of Japan.  
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Instruments specify the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors” as “Not applicable”, each Dealer has severally represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, 
sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Instruments 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms 
in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this provision the expression 
“retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(a) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of IDD, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of article 4(1) of MiFID II.

--- Page 198 ---
197 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Instruments specify the “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors” as “Not applicable”, each Dealer has severally represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, 
sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Instruments 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms 
in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK. For the purposes of this provision the expression “retail 
investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(a) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or 
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, 
as amended (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined 
in point (8) of article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA. 
Other Regulatory Restrictions  
Each Dealer has severally represented, warranted and agreed, that and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to 
be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning 
of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of the Instruments 
in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(b) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to the Instruments in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom.

--- Page 199 ---
198 
PART I: GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. 
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons involved in the Issue/Offer  
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may be customers of, borrowers from or creditors of the 
Issuers or the Guarantor or their affiliates. In addition, certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have 
engaged and may in the future engage, in lending, advisory, corporate finance services, investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuers or the 
Guarantor or their affiliates in the ordinary course of business and/or for companies involved directly or 
indirectly in the sector in which the Issuers or the Guarantor or their affiliates operate, and for which 
such Dealers have received or may receive customary fees, commissions, reimbursement of expenses 
and indemnification. Certain of the Dealers may also have positions, deals or make markets in the 
Instruments issued under the Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, including 
(but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuers or the Guarantor or their 
affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or 
other trading activities. They have received, or may in the future receive, customary fees and 
commissions for these transactions. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may 
make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related 
derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the 
accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or 
instruments of the Issuer or Issuer’s affiliates. The Dealers and/or their affiliates may receive allocations 
of the Instruments (subject to customary closing conditions), which could affect future trading of the 
Instruments. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer 
routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management 
policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into 
transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions 
in securities, including potentially the Instruments issued under the Programme. Any such short 
positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Instruments issued under the Programme. The 
Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express 
independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or 
recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
2. 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
Application has been made to list Instruments under the Programme on the official list of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to admit such Instruments to trading on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s Regulated Market (Bourse de Luxembourg). However, Instruments may 
be issued pursuant to the Programme, which will be listed and traded on another stock exchange or 
which will not be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or any other stock 
exchange.  
3. 
Authorization 
The establishment of the Programme was authorized by the competent representatives of 
Siemens Capital Corporation (the predecessor by merger to Siemens Capital Company LLC) on 
November 21, 1995. The incorporation of SFM as an Issuer under the Programme was authorized by a 
resolution of the Board of Directors of SFM on December 5, 1997. The initial increase of the programme 
amount from €5,000,000,000 to €10,000,000,000 was approved by the Managing and Supervisory 
Board of Siemens AG on November 28, 2008, by the Board of Managers of SCC on December 5, 2008 
and by the Board of Managing Directors of SFM on December 9, 2008. The subsequent increase of the 
programme amount from €10,000,000,000 to €15,000,000,000 was approved by the Managing and 
Supervisory Board of Siemens AG on April 28, 2009, by the Board of Managers of SCC on 
April 30, 2009 and by the Board of Managing Directors of SFM on May 4, 2009. The subsequent 
increase of the programme amount from €15,000,000,000 to €25,000,000,000 was approved by the 
Managing and Supervisory Board of Siemens AG on October 25, 2019 and November 6, 2019 
respectively, by the Board of Managers of SCC on November 21, 2019 and by the Management Board 
of SFM on December 2, 2019. The subsequent increase of the programme amount from 
€25,000,000,000 to €30,000,000,000 was approved by the Managing and Supervisory Board of 
Siemens AG on October 23, 2020 and November 11, 2020 respectively, by the Board of Managers of 
SCC on November 30, 2020 and by the Management Board of SFM on November 30, 2020. The 
subsequent increase of the programme amount from €30,000,000,000 to €35,000,000,000 was

--- Page 200 ---
199 
approved by the Managing and Supervisory Board of Siemens AG on November 9, 2023 and 
November 15, 2023 respectively, by the Board of Managers of SCC on November 1, 2023 and by the 
Management Board of SFM on November 22, 2023. 
4. 
Method to determine the yield  
The method to determine the yield is the ICMA method. The ICMA method determines the effective 
interest rate of the fixed rate Instruments taking into account accrued interest on a daily basis.  
5. 
Clearing Systems  
The Instruments may be cleared through Euroclear, CBF and/or CBL. The appropriate common 
code, the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN), German securities number (WKN) 
(if any), Classification of Financial Instrument Code (CFI) (if any) and Financial Instrument Short Name 
(FISN) (if any) in relation to the Instruments of each Tranche will be specified in the Final Terms relating 
thereto.  
6. 
Rating Agencies  
Moody’s and S&P are established in the European Union and are (pursuant to the list of registered 
and certified credit rating agencies published on the website of the European Securities and Markets 
Authority (www.esma.europa.eu)) registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended.  
7. 
Documents Available for Inspection 
Except as otherwise stated, for as long as the Programme remains in effect or any Instruments 
are outstanding, copies and, where appropriate, English translations of the following documents may, 
when published, be inspected during normal business hours at the specified office of the Paying Agent 
for the time being in Frankfurt am Main (please refer to “Part K: Names and Addresses”):  
(a) 
the constitutional documents of the Issuers and the Guarantor; 
(b) 
this Prospectus (including the Documents Incorporated by Reference) and, any supplements 
thereto, if any;  
(c) 
the Guarantees;  
(d) 
the Trust Agreements, only where the person wishing to inspect such document is a holder 
of Instruments or strongly and recognizably expresses a credible interest in investing in the 
Instruments;  
(e) 
the Final Terms in relation to each Tranche of Instruments if publicly offered or listed on a 
regulated market. 
Copies of the documents referred to in (a) above will also be available (i) for Siemens AG on its 
website 
(www.siemens.com), 
(ii) for 
Siemens 
Capital 
Company 
LLC 
on 
its 
website 
(https://new.siemens.com/us/en/company/about/businesses/siemens-capital-company.html), and for 
Siemens Financieringsmaatschappij N.V. on its website (www.siemens.com/SFM). 
Copies of the documents referred to in (b), (d) and (e) above will be provided free of charge upon 
written or oral request (in case of (d) only where the person requesting such document is a holder of 
Instruments or strongly and recognizably expresses a credible interest in investing in the Instruments) 
to be directed to the aforementioned Paying Agent.  
This Prospectus, any supplements thereto, the Documents Incorporated by Reference and the 
relevant Final Terms (in case of Instruments listed on the official list of and admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or publicly offered in the Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg) can also be inspected on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com/programme/Programme-Siemens/10491).

--- Page 201 ---
200 
PART J: DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents to the extent listed below (“Documents Incorporated by Reference”) 
are incorporated into this Prospectus by reference:  
(1) 
Siemens Group 
(a) 
Extracted from the “Siemens-Bericht für das Geschäftsjahr 2023” of the Siemens Group for 
the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023 (containing inter alia the audited Consolidated 
Financial Statements (Konzernabschluss) as of and for the fiscal year ended September 30, 
2023, prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted by the EU and the additional 
requirements of German commercial law pursuant to Section 315e(1) of the German 
Commercial Code (Handelsgesetzbuch) as well as with IFRS as issued by the IASB, and the 
respective 
Independent 
Auditor’s 
Report), 
which 
can 
be 
accessed 
under 
https://assets.new.siemens.com/siemens/assets/api/uuid:84f1be92-0cb8-41e0-8e1b-
2bfe9863edd0/Jahresfinanzbericht-GJ2023.pdf 
Siemens-Bericht für das 
Geschäftsjahr 2023 
— Bestätigungsvermerk des unabhängigen 
Abschlussprüfers (Siemens Konzern) 
p. 115 to 1211 
— Konzernabschluss 
  
— Konzern-Gewinn- und Verlustrechnung 
p. 511 
— Konzern-Gesamtergebnisrechnung 
p. 511 
— Konzernbilanz 
p. 521 
— Konzern-Kapitalflussrechnung 
p. 531 
— Konzern-Eigenkapitalveränderungsrechnung 
p. 541 
— Anhang zum Konzernabschluss 
p. 55 to 1111 
For the English translation of the German language version of the extracts incorporated by 
reference above, please refer to the Siemens Report for Fiscal 2023 of the Siemens Group 
for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023, which can be accessed under 
https://assets.new.siemens.com/siemens/assets/api/uuid:bb51b804-05aa-4590-84e3-
0cad12783255/Annual-Financial-Report-FY2023.pdf 
Siemens Report for Fiscal 2023 
— Independent Auditor’s Report (Siemens Group)2 
p. 106 to 1121 
— Consolidated Financial Statements3 
  
— Consolidated Statements of Income 
p. 471 
— Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive 
Income 
p. 471 
— Consolidated Statements of Financial Position 
p. 481 
— Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
p. 491 
— Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity 
p. 501 
— Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
p. 51 to 1021 
 
 
1 
Page references refer to the pagination of the PDF document. 
2  This is an English language translation of the German language „Bestätigungsvermerk des unabhängigen Abschlussprüfers“. 
Sole authoritative and universally valid version is the German language Independent Auditor’s Report. 
3  This document is an English language translation of the German language document. In case of discrepancies, the German language 
document is the sole authoritative and universally valid version.

--- Page 202 ---
201 
(b) 
Extracted from the “Siemens-Bericht für das Geschäftsjahr 2024” of the Siemens Group for 
the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024 (containing inter alia the audited Consolidated 
Financial Statements (Konzernabschluss) as of and for the fiscal year ended September 30, 
2024, prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted by the EU and the additional 
requirements of German commercial law pursuant to Section 315e(1) of the German 
Commercial Code (Handelsgesetzbuch) as well as with IFRS as issued by the IASB, and the 
respective 
Independent 
Auditor’s 
Report), 
which 
can 
be 
accessed 
under 
https://assets.new.siemens.com/siemens/assets/api/uuid:b0c27e7a-f0bf-48d6-bfa7-
721ba225122b/Siemens-Geschaftsbericht-2024.pdf 
Siemens-Bericht für das 
Geschäftsjahr 2024 
— Bestätigungsvermerk des unabhängigen 
Abschlussprüfers (Siemens Konzern) 
p. 157 to 1614 
— Konzernabschluss 
  
— Konzern-Gewinn- und Verlustrechnung 
p. 574 
— Konzern-Gesamtergebnisrechnung 
p. 574 
— Konzernbilanz 
p. 584 
— Konzern-Kapitalflussrechnung 
p. 594 
— Konzern-Eigenkapitalveränderungsrechnung 
p. 604 
— Anhang zum Konzernabschluss 
p. 61 to 1174 
For the English translation of the German language version of the extracts incorporated by 
reference above, please refer to the Siemens Report for Fiscal 2024 of the Siemens Group 
for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, which can be accessed under 
https://assets.new.siemens.com/siemens/assets/api/uuid:344347ec-a1bd-44cb-aaaa-
711d1b3ec1b8/Siemens-Annual-Report-2024.pdf 
Siemens Report for Fiscal 2024 
— Independent Auditor’s Report (Siemens Group)5 
p. 109 to 1144 
— Consolidated Financial Statements6 
  
— Consolidated Statements of Income 
p. 494 
— Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive 
Income 
p. 494 
— Consolidated Statements of Financial Position 
p. 504 
— Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
p. 514 
— Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity 
p. 524 
— Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
p. 53 to 1054 
 
(2) 
Siemens Capital Company LLC 
Extracted from the audited Financial Statements (Annual Report) of SCC as of and for the fiscal years 
ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 and from the audited Financial Statements 
(Annual Report) of SCC for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023 and September 30, 2022, 
prepared in accordance with IFRS as issued by the IASB, and the Reports of Independent Auditors, 
which 
can be accessed under 
https://assets.new.siemens.com/siemens/assets/api/uuid:93846b13-
c912-4e7f-bb7d-a537e0b7bb44/FY-2024-SCC-Audited-Financial-Statement-Final.pdf 
and 
https://assets.new.siemens.com/siemens/assets/api/uuid:b54f924c-aab9-4739-b604-
cda92bbad907/2023-scc-financial-statements.pdf, respectively: 
(a) Extracted from the audited Financial Statements (Annual Report) of SCC as of and for 
the fiscal years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
— Report of Independent Auditors 
p. 4 to 54 
— Financial Statements 
— Balance Sheets 
p. 64 
 
4 
Page references refer to the pagination of the PDF document. 
5  This is an English language translation of the German language „Bestätigungsvermerk des unabhängigen Abschlussprüfers“. 
Sole authoritative and universally valid version is the German language Independent Auditor’s Report. 
6  This document is an English language translation of the German language document. In case of discrepancies, the German language 
document is the sole authoritative and universally valid version.

--- Page 203 ---
202 
— Statements of Comprehensive Income 
p. 74 
— Statements of Cash Flows 
p. 84 
— Statements of Changes in Member’s Equity 
p. 94 
— Notes to Financial Statements 
p. 10 to 314 
(b) Extracted from the audited Financial Statements (Annual Report) of SCC as of and for 
the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023 and 2022 
— Report of Independent Auditors 
p. 1 to 2 
— Financial Statements 
— Balance Sheets 
p. 3 
— Statements of Comprehensive Income 
p. 4 
— Statements of Cash Flows 
p. 5 
— Statements of Changes in Member’s Equity 
p. 6 
— Notes to Financial Statements 
p. 7 to 46 
(3) 
Siemens Financieringsmaatschappij N.V.  
Extracted from the Annual Report 2023 of SFM as of and for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023 
and extracted from the Annual Report 2024 of SFM as of and for the fiscal year ended 
September 30, 2024 (containing inter alia the audited Financial Statements for the fiscal years ended 
September 30, 2023 and 2024, prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted by the EU and with Part 
9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code, and the respective Independent Auditor’s Reports), which can be 
accessed under https://assets.new.siemens.com/siemens/assets/api/uuid:abc9a1f0-3ce9-4d75-95b5-
022d5751992d/sfm-annual-report-2023.pdf 
and 
https://assets.new.siemens.com/siemens/assets/api/uuid:7f8b9797-5509-4df5-bd23-
c33bb3b8fbbb/sfm-annual-report-2024.pdf, respectively: 
(a) 
Extracted from the Annual Report 2023 of SFM as of and for the fiscal year ended 
September 30, 2023. 
 
Annual Report 2023 SFM 
— Independent Auditor’s Report 
p. 37 to 45 
— Financial Statements 
— Statement of Comprehensive Income 
p. 7 
— Statement of Financial Position 
p. 8 
— Statement of Cash Flows 
p. 9 
— Statement of Changes in Equity 
p. 10 
— Notes to the Financial Statements 
p. 11 to 35 
(b) 
Extracted from the Annual Report 2024 of SFM as of and for the fiscal year ended 
September 30, 2024. 
 
Annual Report 2024 SFM 
— Independent Auditor’s Report 
p. 39 to 47 
— Financial Statements 
— Statement of Comprehensive Income 
p. 8 
— Statement of Financial Position 
p. 9 
— Statement of Cash Flows 
p. 10 
— Statement of Changes in Equity 
p. 11 
— Notes to the Financial Statements 
p. 12 to 37 
 
The independent auditor’s report contained in the Annual Report 2024 of SFM incorporated by reference 
into this Prospectus is the original independent auditor’s report that was issued on December 3, 2024 
with respect to the Annual Report 2024 of SFM. The paragraph headed “European Single Electronic 
Format (ESEF)” on page 6 of the independent auditor’s report (PDF page 45 of the Annual Report 2024 
of SFM) relates to the official Annual Report 2024 of SFM (as prepared in XHTML format) in accordance 
with the applicable Regulatory Technical Standards (RTS) on ESEF, and is not applicable for the 
financial information and format as set out in this Prospectus.

--- Page 204 ---
203 
The information contained in the parts or on the pages of the documents specified in this Part J which 
are not listed in the tables above is either not relevant (within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation) 
for an investor or covered elsewhere in this Prospectus. Such information is not required by the relevant 
schedules of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, as amended, and is not included 
in this Prospectus.

--- Page 205 ---
204 
PART K: NAMES AND ADDRESSES  
Siemens Aktiengesellschaft  
CF F CAM – Capital Markets 
Werner-von-Siemens-Straße 1 
80333 Munich 
Germany 
Siemens Capital Company LLC 
Siemens Financieringsmaatschappij N.V. 
200 Wood Avenue South 
Prinses Beatrixlaan 800 
Suite 200 
2595 BN The Hague 
Iselin, NJ 08830 
The Netherlands 
U.S. 
  
ARRANGER 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
Grosse Gallusstrasse 18 
60312 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
DEALERS 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
BNP PARIBAS 
One Molesworth Street 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
Dublin 2 
75009 Paris 
D02RF29 
France 
Ireland 
 
 
 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
51 rue La Boétie 
Reuterweg 16 
75008 Paris 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
France 
Germany 
 
 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Crédit Agricole Corporate 
Kaiserstrasse 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
and Investment Bank 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
12, place des Etats-Unis, CS 70052 
Germany 
92547, Montrouge Cedex 
 
France 
 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
Taunusanlage 12 
Marienturm, Taunusanlage 9-10 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Germany 
 
 
HSBC Continental Europe 
J.P. Morgan SE 
38, avenue Kléber 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
75116 Paris 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
France 
Germany 
 
 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
Société Générale 
Grosse Gallusstrasse 18 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
60312 Frankfurt am Main 
75009 Paris 
Germany 
France 
 
 
UBS AG London Branch 
UniCredit Bank GmbH 
5 Broadgate 
Arabellastrasse 12 
London EC2M 2QS 
81925 Munich 
United Kingdom 
Germany

--- Page 206 ---
205 
AUDITORS 
Of Siemens Aktiengesellschaft 
(for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024) 
PricewaterhouseCoopers GmbH  
Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft  
Frankfurt am Main, office Munich 
Bernhard-Wicki-Straße 8 
80636 Munich  
Germany 
(for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023) 
EY GmbH & Co. KG 
Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft  
Stuttgart, office Munich  
Arnulfstraße 59  
80636 Munich  
Germany 
Of Siemens Capital Company LLC 
(for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024) 
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
300 Madison Ave 24th Floor 
New York, NY 10017 
U.S. 
(for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023) 
Ernst & Young LLP 
One Manhattan West 
New York, NY 10001 
U.S. 
Of Siemens Financieringsmaatschappij N.V. 
(for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024) 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Accountants N.V. 
Thomas R. Malthusstraat 5 
1066 JR Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
(for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023) 
EY Accountants B.V. 
Boompjes 258 
3011 XZ Rotterdam 
The Netherlands

--- Page 207 ---
206 
FISCAL AGENT 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12  
60325 Frankfurt am Main  
Germany 
PAYING AGENT 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12  
60325 Frankfurt am Main  
Germany 
LAWYERS 
To the Dealers 
As to US law 
As to German law 
As to Dutch law 
 
Linklaters LLP 
Linklaters LLP 
Linklaters LLP 
1290 Avenue of the Americas 
Taunusanlage 8 
WTC Amsterdam 
New York, New York 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Zuidplein 180 
10104 
Germany 
1077 XV Amsterdam 
U.S. 
 
 The Netherlands