--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus 
 
Single Platform Investment Repackaging Entity SA 
(a public limited liability company (société anonyme) incorporated under the laws of Luxembourg with registered office at 5, 
Heienhaff, L-1736 Senningerberg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, having a share capital of EUR 31,000, and duly registered with 
the Registre de Commerce et des Sociétés, Luxembourg with number B206430) (“SPIRE”) 
Secured Note Programme 
SPIRE is a special purpose vehicle incorporated as a public limited liability company (société anonyme) under the laws of 
Luxembourg and has the status of an unregulated securitisation undertaking (société de titrisation) within the meaning of the 
Luxembourg act dated 22 March 2004 relating to securitisation, as amended (the “Securitisation Act 2004”). 
This Base Prospectus gives information on SPIRE and on SPIRE’s programme (the “Programme”) for the issuance of secured 
notes (“Notes”). The liability of SPIRE under the Notes and the Programme is separate in respect of each Series. SPIRE has 
established its Programme by entering into a programme deed, as amended and restated from time to time (the “Programme 
Deed”). Under the Programme, SPIRE, subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may, from time to 
time, issue series (each, a “Series”) of Notes, in one or more tranches (each, a “Tranche”), on the terms set out in this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the final terms prepared in connection with such Tranche (the “Final Terms”) or as completed, 
amended, supplemented or varied by the pricing terms prepared in connection with such Tranche (the “Pricing Terms”, and with 
Final Terms and Pricing Terms both comprising “Accessory Conditions”). References to applicable Final Terms in this Base 
Prospectus include only final terms pursuant to Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”). Notes 
may also be issued under the Programme by way of a prospectus (a “Series Prospectus”) that includes the Pricing Terms for the 
Notes and incorporates by reference the whole or any part of this Base Prospectus, as necessary. 
Under Luxembourg law, SPIRE’s assets and liabilities can and, in respect of the Programme, will be divided into “Compartments” 
(as defined in the section of this Base Prospectus titled “Overview of the Programme”). SPIRE acting in respect of one of its 
Compartments (the “Issuer”) will purchase assets and/or enter into other contractual arrangements using the proceeds of issue of 
a Series, and those assets and the Issuer’s liabilities in respect of such Series will be allocated to the Compartment created for that 
Series and will be segregated from SPIRE’s other assets and liabilities and from the assets and liabilities allocated to all other 
Compartments. The assets in any Compartment will be available exclusively to meet the Issuer’s obligations in respect of the 
Series relating to that Compartment and may not be used by SPIRE to meet its obligations in respect of any other Series or any 
other obligations.  
In addition, each Series will be secured by a security interest created in favour of the Trustee over the assets allocated to a 
Compartment relating to such Series as described in “Master Conditions - Condition 5 (Security)”. 
If the proceeds of liquidation of any available collateral, or of enforcement of the security, are not sufficient to meet all of its 
obligations in respect of the Series, the Issuer’s obligations in respect of the Notes will be limited to those proceeds. Neither the 
assets of another Compartment nor any of SPIRE’s other assets will be available to meet any shortfall. 
This Base Prospectus constitutes a base prospectus as contemplated by the Prospectus Regulation. This Base Prospectus has 
been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the “Central Bank”), as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The 
Central Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency 
imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of either SPIRE or the quality 
of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus and investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of 
investing in the Notes. 
Application has been made to The Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”) for Notes issued 
under the Programme for the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List of 
Euronext Dublin (the “Official List”) and to trading on its regulated market (the “Regulated Market”). The Regulated Market is a 
regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on markets in financial 
instruments (as amended, “MiFID II”). Such approval relates only to the Notes which are to be admitted to trading on the 
Regulated Market or other regulated markets for the purposes of MiFID II. 
This Base Prospectus will be valid for admissions to trading on a regulated market by or with the consent of SPIRE for 12 months 
from its date. The obligation to supplement it in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will 
not apply after the date falling 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Application has also been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme for the period of 12 months from the 
date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on its Global Exchange Market (“GEM”). This 
document constitutes Base Listing Particulars for the purpose of such application and has been approved by Euronext Dublin. The 
GEM is not a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. Such approval relates only to the Notes which are to be admitted to

--- Page 2 ---
trading on the GEM. 
Notes may also be listed and admitted to trading on such other or further stock exchanges as may be agreed between SPIRE and 
the Dealer for the Series and as specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions. Unlisted Notes may also be issued pursuant to 
the Programme on the terms set out in this Base Prospectus as completed, amended, supplemented or varied by Pricing Terms. 
The applicable Accessory Conditions in respect of the Notes will specify whether or not such Notes will be listed on the Official List 
and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market or admitted to trading on GEM or any other stock exchange. This Base 
Prospectus has not been reviewed by the Central Bank in relation to any Pricing Terms. 
Notes to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the Regulated Market or any other regulated market for the purposes of 
MiFID II may only be issued (i) by way of Final Terms under this Base Prospectus or (ii) pursuant to a Series Prospectus. Notes 
may only be issued by way of Final Terms under this Base Prospectus where (a) a public offering of the Notes is not intended, (b) 
the minimum specified denomination is €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the issue date of the Notes), (c) the 
Swap Counterparty (if applicable) is an Approved Swap Counterparty, (d) the Repo Counterparty (if applicable) is an Approved 
Repo Counterparty, (e) the SL Counterparty (if applicable) is an Approved SL Counterparty and (f) the Original Collateral is 
Approved Original Collateral.  
Notes to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on GEM may be issued by way of a Pricing Supplement under these Base 
Listing Particulars. For this purpose, references in these Base Listing Particulars to “Base Prospectus”, “Pricing Terms” and 
“Supplemental Prospectus(es)” shall be deemed to be references to “Base Listing Particulars”, “Pricing Supplement” and “Listing 
Particulars Supplement(s)” respectively. Notes may also be issued under the Programme by way of a Series Listing Particulars 
that includes the Pricing Terms for the Notes and incorporates by reference the whole or any part of these Base Listing Particulars, 
as necessary. 
Notes to be issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. Notes may be rated by Fitch Ratings Limited (“Fitch”), Moody’s 
Investors Service Ltd (“Moody’s”), Rating and Investment Information, Inc. (“R&I”) and/or S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited 
(“S&P”). Where Notes are rated (i) the applicable rating(s) and (ii) whether or not such rating(s) will be treated as having been 
issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (the “CRA 
Regulation”) will be specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. Fitch, Moody’s 
and R&I are not established in the European Union and are not registered under the CRA Regulation. S&P is established in the 
European Union and registered under the CRA Regulation.  
Prospective investors should have regard to the risk factors described under the section of this Base Prospectus titled 
“Risk Factors” and, in particular, to the limited recourse nature of the Notes and the fact that the Issuer is a special 
purpose vehicle. This Base Prospectus does not describe all of the risks of an investment in the Notes. 
Unless otherwise defined elsewhere in this Base Prospectus, capitalised terms used in this Base Prospectus shall have 
the meaning given to them in “Master Conditions - Condition 1 (Definitions and Interpretation)”. For convenience, an 
index of defined terms used in this Base Prospectus is set out at pages 328 - 332 of this Base Prospectus. 
Primary Programme Dealers 
Barclays 
BNP Paribas 
Crédit Agricole CIB 
Citigroup 
Credit Suisse 
Deutsche Bank 
Goldman Sachs 
HSBC 
J.P. Morgan 
Merrill Lynch 
Morgan Stanley 
Natixis 
NatWest Markets 
 Nomura 
Société Générale 
 
UBS 
UniCredit 
 
Dated: 1 April 2022

--- Page 3 ---
3 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and for the 
purpose of giving necessary information with regard to SPIRE and the Notes which, according to the particular 
nature and circumstances of SPIRE and the type of Notes, is material to investors for making an informed 
assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profit and losses and prospects of SPIRE, the rights 
attaching to the Notes and the reasons for the issuance and its impact on SPIRE. 
SPIRE accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus. To the best of SPIRE’s 
knowledge, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not 
omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that any offer of Notes in any Member State of the 
European Economic Area (the “EEA”) (each, a “Relevant Member State”) will be made pursuant to an 
exemption under the Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of Notes 
and that any offer of Notes in the United Kingdom will be made pursuant to an exemption under Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of “retained EU law”, as defined in the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(“EUWA”) (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”) from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of 
Notes. Accordingly, any person making or intending to make an offer of Notes in that Relevant Member State 
or the United Kingdom which are the subject of an offering contemplated in this Base Prospectus as 
completed by Final Terms or as completed, amended, supplemented or varied by Pricing Terms in relation to 
the offer of those Notes may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for SPIRE or any 
Programme Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation or the UK Prospectus 
Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation or the UK Prospectus 
Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. Neither SPIRE nor any Programme Dealer have authorised, 
nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Notes in circumstances in which an obligation arises for 
SPIRE or any Programme Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
Solely for the purposes of each manufacturer’s product approval process where MiFID II and its related 
regulations apply, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the 
target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in MiFID II; 
and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. 
Solely for the purposes of each manufacturer’s product approval process where the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) apply, the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook 
(“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of “retained 
EU law”, as defined in the EUWA (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate.  
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the relevant manufacturer’s target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II 
or the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer’s target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to any retail investor (and, for the avoidance of doubt, this means any retail 
investor within or outside (i) the EEA or (ii) the United Kingdom (the “UK”)). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a “retail client” as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of 
MiFID II or a “retail client” as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
“retained EU law”, as defined in the EUWA; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as 
amended) or within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (“FSMA”)

--- Page 4 ---
4 
and any rules or regulations made under FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, in each case, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in, respectively, point (10) of Article 4(1) of 
MiFID II and point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of “retained EU law”, as 
defined in the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation or the UK 
Prospectus Regulation. 
No key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs 
Regulation”) or the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of “retained EU law”, as defined in the EUWA (the “UK 
PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the EEA or in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA or in the UK may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation or the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are incorporated herein by 
reference (see the section of this Base Prospectus titled “Documents Incorporated by Reference”). 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those 
contained in this Base Prospectus and the applicable Accessory Conditions in connection with the issue or 
sale of the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having 
been authorised by SPIRE or any of the Programme Dealers. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor 
any sale made in connection therewith shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that there has 
been no change in the affairs of SPIRE since the date of this Base Prospectus or the date upon which this 
Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that there has been no adverse 
change in the financial position of SPIRE since the date of this Base Prospectus or the date upon which this 
Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if 
different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have 
been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them 
under applicable law. 
The information on any websites referred to herein does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless that 
information is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be 
restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required by SPIRE and the 
Programme Dealers to inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction.  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
“Securities Act”) or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United 
States. The Notes may include notes in bearer form that are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Notes may 
not at any time be offered, sold or, in the case of Notes in bearer form, delivered within the United States or 
to, or for the account or benefit of, any person who is (a) a U.S. person (as defined in Regulation S under the 
Securities Act), (b) a U.S. person (as defined in the credit risk retention rules issued under Section 15G of the 
U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the “U.S. Credit Risk Retention Rules”)) or (c) not a Non-United 
States person (as defined in Rule 4.7 under the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act of 1936 (the “CEA”), but 
excluding for purposes of subsection (D) thereof, the exception to the extent that it would apply to persons 
who are not Non-United States persons (“Rule 4.7”)).  
Any investor in the Notes (including investors following the issue date of such Notes) shall be deemed to give 
the representations, agreements and acknowledgments specified in the Conditions of such Notes, including a 
representation that it is not, nor is it acting for the account or benefit of, a person who is (i) a U.S. person (as

--- Page 5 ---
5 
defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act), (ii) a U.S. person (as defined in the U.S. Credit Risk 
Retention Rules) or (iii) not a Non-United States person (as defined in Rule 4.7). 
If such an investor is purchasing the Notes on their issue date, such an investor may also be required to 
provide the relevant Programme Dealer with a letter containing a representation substantially in the same 
form as the deemed representation specified above. 
The Notes may not at any time be offered, sold or, in the case of Notes in bearer form, delivered within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986, as amended), and regulations thereunder. 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and on distribution of this Base 
Prospectus, see the section of this Base Prospectus titled “Subscription and Sale”. 
SPIRE has not been, and will not be, registered under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, as 
amended (the “Investment Company Act”). 
No person has registered, nor will register, as a Commodity Pool Operator of the Issuer under the CEA and 
the rules of the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the “CFTC”) thereunder.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
DISCLAIMERS 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of SPIRE or the 
Programme Dealers to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. 
None of the Programme Dealers, the Programme Swap Counterparties, the Programme Repo Counterparties 
or the Programme SL Counterparties have separately verified the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus. None of the Programme Dealers makes any representation, express or implied, or, to the fullest 
extent permitted by law, accepts any responsibility, with respect to (i) any Notes, (ii) any Transaction 
Documents (including the effectiveness thereof) or (iii) the accuracy or completeness of any of the information 
in this Base Prospectus or for any other statement made or purported to be made by a Programme Dealer or 
on its behalf in connection with SPIRE or the issue and offering of the Notes. Each Programme Dealer 
accordingly disclaims all and any liability whether arising in tort or contract or otherwise (save as referred to 
above) which it might otherwise have in respect of any Notes, any Transaction Documents or this Base 
Prospectus or any such statement. 
Prospective investors should have regard to the risk factors described in the section of this Base Prospectus 
titled “Risk Factors”. This Base Prospectus does not describe all of the risks of an investment in the Notes. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any financial statements are intended to provide the basis of any credit or 
other evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation by any of SPIRE or the Programme 
Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other financial statements should purchase the 
Notes. 
Prospective investors should conduct such independent investigation and analysis regarding SPIRE, the 
security arrangements and the Notes as they deem appropriate to evaluate the merits and risks of an 
investment in the Notes. Prospective investors should have sufficient knowledge and experience in financial 
and business matters, and access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical resources, to evaluate the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus and the applicable Accessory Conditions and the merits and 
risks of investing in the Notes in the context of their financial position and circumstances. None of the 
Programme Dealers undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of SPIRE during the life of the 
arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus or during the term of any Notes issued nor to advise any 
investor or potential investor in the Notes of any information coming to the attention of any of the Programme 
Dealers. The Programme Dealers disclaim any responsibility to advise investors of the risks and investment 
considerations associated therewith as they may exist at the date hereof or as they may from time to time 
alter. 
For the purposes of this Base Prospectus (except the sections of this Base Prospectus titled “Master 
Conditions” and “General Information”), (a) references to “Noteholders” should generally be read as including 
holders of Coupons and/or Receipts and holders of beneficial interests in such Notes, Coupons and/or 
Receipts, except where the context otherwise requires and (b) references to “Notes” should generally be read 
as including Coupons and/or Receipts, except where the context otherwise requires.  
The Notes are complex instruments that involve substantial risks and are suitable only for sophisticated 
investors that: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits 
and risks of investing in the Notes (including, without limitation, the tax, accounting, credit, legal, 
regulatory and financial implications for them of such an investment) and the information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
have considered the suitability of the Notes in light of their own circumstances and financial condition; 
(iii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of their 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on their 
overall investment portfolio;

--- Page 7 ---
7 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and are familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets;  
(v) 
understand that any Reference Rate associated or used in connection with the Notes (as relevant) may 
change, cease to be published or be in customary market usage, become unavailable, have its use 
restricted or become calculated by a different methodology, and that, as a result (a) such Reference 
Rate may cease to be appropriate during the lifetime of the Notes and (b) amendments may be 
required to the Notes to account for the change or cessation of such Reference Rate; and  
(vi) 
are able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect their investment and their ability to bear the 
applicable risks. 
Owing to the structured nature of the Notes, their price may be more volatile than that of non-structured 
securities. 
Investors: Each prospective investor in the Notes should have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to 
bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, including where principal and interest may reduce as a 
result of the occurrence of different events whether related to the creditworthiness of any entity or otherwise or 
changes in particular rates, prices, values or indices, or where the currency for principal or interest payments 
is different from the prospective investor’s currency. 
Investment activities of certain investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or 
regulation by certain authorities. Each prospective investor should therefore consult its professional advisers 
to determine whether and to what extent (i) the Notes are legal investments for it and/or (ii) other restrictions 
apply to its purchase of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their professional advisers or the 
appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital 
or similar rules. 
No fiduciary role: None of the Issuer, the Programme Dealers or (in respect of any Series) any of the other 
Transaction Parties or any of their respective affiliates is acting as an investment adviser or as an adviser in 
any other capacity, and none of them (other than the Trustee to the extent set out in the Trust Deed) assumes 
any fiduciary obligation to any investors or any other party, including the Issuer. 
None of the Issuer, the Programme Dealers or (in respect of any Series) any of the other Transaction Parties 
assumes any responsibility for (i) conducting or failing to conduct any investigation into the business, financial 
condition, prospects, creditworthiness, status and/or affairs of any issuer or obligor of any Collateral or the 
terms thereof or of any Swap Counterparty or Swap Guarantor or the terms of the relevant Swap Agreement, 
of any Repo Counterparty or the terms of the relevant Repo Agreement or of any SL Counterparty or the 
terms of the relevant SL Agreement or (ii) monitoring any such issuer or obligor of any Collateral, any Swap 
Counterparty, any Swap Guarantor, any Repo Counterparty or any SL Counterparty during the term of the 
Notes. 
Investors may not rely on the views of the Issuer, the Programme Dealers or (in respect of any Series) any of 
the other Transaction Parties for any information in relation to any person. 
No reliance: A prospective investor may not rely on the Issuer, the Programme Dealers or (in respect of any 
Series) any of the other Transaction Parties or any of their respective affiliates in connection with its 
determination as to the legality of its acquisition of the Notes or as to any of the other matters referred to 
above. 
No representations: None of the Issuer, the Programme Dealers or (in respect of any Series) any of the 
other Transaction Parties makes any representation or warranty, express or implied, in respect of any:

--- Page 8 ---
8 
(i) 
Collateral or in respect of any information contained in any documents prepared, provided or filed in 
respect of such Collateral with any exchange, governmental, supervisory or self-regulatory authority or 
any other person; 
(ii) 
issuer or obligor of the Collateral or in respect of any information contained in any documents prepared, 
provided or filed by or on behalf of such issuer or obligor with any exchange, governmental, supervisory 
or self-regulatory authority or any other person;  
(iii) 
Swap Counterparty, Swap Guarantor, Repo Counterparty or SL Counterparty or in respect of any 
information contained in any documents prepared, provided or filed by or on behalf of such party with 
any exchange, governmental, supervisory or self-regulatory authority or any other person; or 
(iv) 
Swap Agreement, Repo Agreement or SL Agreement or in respect of any information contained in any 
documents prepared, provided or filed in respect of such agreement with any exchange, governmental, 
supervisory or self-regulatory authority or any other person, 
save that this is not intended to limit the responsibility of the Issuer for the information in respect of any 
Programme Swap Counterparty, any Programme Repo Counterparty or any Programme SL Counterparty in 
the section of this Base Prospectus titled “Description of the Programme Swap Counterparties, the 
Programme Repo Counterparties and the Programme SL Counterparties”. 
None of the Programme Dealers or (in respect of any Series) any of the other Transaction Parties makes any 
representation or warranty, express or implied, in respect of the Issuer or in respect of any information 
contained in any documents prepared, provided or filed by or on behalf of the Issuer. 
THE NOTES HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR 
WITH ANY SECURITIES REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE 
UNITED STATES. THE NOTES MAY INCLUDE NOTES IN BEARER FORM THAT ARE SUBJECT TO U.S. 
TAX LAW REQUIREMENTS. NO PERSON HAS REGISTERED NOR WILL REGISTER AS A COMMODITY 
POOL OPERATOR OF THE ISSUER UNDER THE U.S. COMMODITY EXCHANGE ACT OF 1936 AS 
AMENDED AND THE RULES OF THE CFTC THEREUNDER. THE NOTES MAY NOT AT ANY TIME BE 
OFFERED, SOLD OR, IN THE CASE OF NOTES IN BEARER FORM, DELIVERED WITHIN THE UNITED 
STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN THE U.S. 
INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED, AND REGULATIONS THEREUNDER). 
CONSEQUENTLY, THE NOTES MAY NOT AT ANY TIME BE OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE 
TRANSFERRED EXCEPT (A) IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION (AS SUCH TERM IS DEFINED UNDER 
REGULATION S) AND (B) TO PERSONS THAT ARE (I) NOT U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN 
REGULATION S), (II) NOT U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN THE U.S. CREDIT RISK RETENTION RULES) 
AND (III) NON-UNITED STATES PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN RULE 4.7) (ANY PERSON SATISFYING 
EACH OF (I) TO (III) IMMEDIATELY ABOVE, A “PERMITTED PURCHASER”). IF A PERMITTED 
PURCHASER ACQUIRING NOTES IS DOING SO FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF ANOTHER 
PERSON, SUCH OTHER PERSON MUST ALSO BE A PERMITTED PURCHASER. 
THIS BASE PROSPECTUS HAS BEEN PREPARED BY THE ISSUER (A) FOR USE IN CONNECTION 
WITH THE OFFER AND SALE OF THE NOTES OUTSIDE OF THE UNITED STATES TO PERMITTED 
PURCHASERS IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION IN ACCORDANCE WITH RULE 903 OR 904 OF 
REGULATION S AND (B) FOR THE LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING OF THE NOTES ON THE 
REGULATED MARKET OF EURONEXT DUBLIN. 
IN MAKING AN INVESTMENT DECISION, INVESTORS MUST RELY ON THEIR OWN EXAMINATION OF 
THE ISSUER AND THE TERMS OF THE OFFERING, INCLUDING THE MERITS AND RISKS INVOLVED. 
THE NOTES HAVE NOT BEEN APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED BY THE U.S. SECURITIES AND 
EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR ANY STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION IN THE UNITED STATES OR

--- Page 9 ---
9 
ANY OTHER REGULATORY AUTHORITY IN THE UNITED STATES, NOR HAVE ANY OF THE 
FOREGOING AUTHORITIES PASSED UPON OR ENDORSED THE MERITS OF THE OFFERING OF ANY 
SECURITIES PURSUANT TO THIS PROGRAMME OR THE ACCURACY OR THE ADEQUACY OF THIS 
BASE PROSPECTUS OR ANY OTHER AUTHORISED OFFERING DOCUMENT. ANY REPRESENTATION 
TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENCE IN THE UNITED STATES.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ........................................................................................................ 11 
TRANSACTION STRUCTURE DIAGRAM ............................................................................................... 24 
RISK FACTORS ........................................................................................................................................ 25 
CONFLICTS OF INTEREST ..................................................................................................................... 62 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ................................................................................ 65 
SUPPLEMENTARY PROSPECTUS ......................................................................................................... 66 
COMMONLY ASKED QUESTIONS .......................................................................................................... 67 
MASTER CONDITIONS ............................................................................................................................ 80 
USE OF PROCEEDS .............................................................................................................................. 203 
DESCRIPTION OF SPIRE ...................................................................................................................... 204 
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME SWAP COUNTERPARTIES, THE PROGRAMME REPO 
COUNTERPARTIES AND THE PROGRAMME SL COUNTERPARTIES ...................................... 210 
DESCRIPTION OF THE CUSTODIAN ................................................................................................... 247 
DESCRIPTION OF THE TRUSTEE ........................................................................................................ 248 
THE SWAP AGREEMENT ...................................................................................................................... 249 
THE REPO AGREEMENT ...................................................................................................................... 257 
THE SL AGREEMENT ............................................................................................................................ 260 
SECONDARY MARKET, SWAP COUNTERPARTY REPLACEMENT AND SWAP CLOSE-OUT 
QUOTATIONS ................................................................................................................................ 263 
APPROVED SWAP COUNTERPARTIES, APPROVED REPO COUNTERPARTIES, APPROVED SL 
COUNTERPARTIES AND APPROVED ORIGINAL COLLATERAL ............................................... 266 
SECURITY ARRANGEMENTS ............................................................................................................... 267 
TAXATION .............................................................................................................................................. 268 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE .................................................................................................................. 273 
GENERAL INFORMATION ..................................................................................................................... 278 
APPENDIX 1 FORM OF FINAL TERMS ................................................................................................. 280 
APPENDIX 2 FORM OF PRICING TERMS ............................................................................................ 302 
GLOSSARY OF DEFINED TERMS ........................................................................................................ 328

--- Page 11 ---
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
11 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview is qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this Base Prospectus. 
SPIRE 
Single Platform Investment Repackaging Entity SA, a special 
purpose vehicle incorporated as a public limited liability company 
(société anonyme) incorporated under the laws of Luxembourg 
with registered office at 5, Heienhaff, L-1736 Senningerberg, 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, having a share capital of EUR 
31,000, and duly registered with the Registre de Commerce et des 
Sociétés, Luxembourg with number B206430, having the status of 
an unregulated securitisation undertaking (société de titrisation) 
within the meaning of the Securitisation Act 2004 and also known 
by its trading name “SPIRE SA”. Information relating to SPIRE is 
contained in the section of this Base Prospectus titled “Description 
of SPIRE”. 
SPIRE’s Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) 
635400AXHEAFQKFFNO47. 
Issuer 
SPIRE acting in respect of one of its Compartments. References 
in this Base Prospectus to “the Issuer” should be construed as 
references to the relevant Issuer. 
Compartments 
A separate compartment will be created by the board of directors 
of SPIRE (the “Board”) in respect of each Series (each, a 
“Compartment”). A Compartment is a separate part of SPIRE’s 
assets and liabilities. The assets allocated to a Compartment are 
in principle exclusively available to satisfy the rights of the holders 
of the relevant Series and the rights of the creditors whose claims 
have arisen as a result of the creation, the operation or the 
liquidation of the Compartment, as contemplated by article 23 
(Segregation of assets) of the Articles. 
Description of Programme 
Secured Note Programme pursuant to which SPIRE may issue 
Notes. 
Mortgaged Property 
The Notes of each Series will be secured in the manner set out in 
“Master Conditions - Condition 5 (Security)”, including (i) a charge 
over the Collateral and an assignment by way of security of the 
Issuer’s rights, title and/or interest relating to the Collateral, (ii) a 
charge over all sums held from time to time by the Disposal Agent, 
the Custodian and/or the Issuing and Paying Agent and (iii) an 
assignment by way of security of the Issuer’s rights, title and 
interest under the Agency Agreement, the Custody Agreement, 
the Swap Agreement, the Repo Agreement and the SL 
Agreement. Each Series may also be secured on such additional 
security as may be described in the applicable Accessory 
Conditions. References in this Base Prospectus to “Security” are 
to the security constituted by the Trust Deed for the relevant 
Series and/or constituted by any other security documents in 
respect of the relevant Series. 
Programme Dealers 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus: 
(i) 
Barclays Bank PLC; Barclays Bank Ireland PLC;

--- Page 12 ---
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
12 
(ii) 
BNP Paribas; BNP Paribas Arbitrage S.N.C.; 
(iii) Citigroup Global Markets Limited; Citigroup Global Markets 
Europe AG; 
(iv) Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank (including 
any of its branches); 
(v) Credit Suisse International; 
(vi) Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft; 
(vii) Goldman Sachs International (including any of its branches); 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE; 
(viii) HSBC Bank plc; 
(ix) J.P. Morgan SE; J.P. Morgan Securities plc;  
(x) Merrill Lynch International; BofA Securities Europe SA; 
(xi) Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc; Morgan Stanley 
Europe SE;  
(xii) Natixis S.A.; 
(xiii) NatWest Markets plc; NatWest Markets N.V.; 
(xiv) Nomura International plc; Nomura Financial Products Europe 
GmbH; Nomura Singapore Limited; 
(xv) Société Générale S.A. (including any of its branches); 
(xvi) UBS AG, London branch; and 
(xvii)  UniCredit Bank AG (including any of its branches), 
with the entity acting as dealer in respect of a Series being the 
“Dealer”. 
The names of each Programme Dealer on any given day will be 
specified at www.spiresa.com. 
Programme Trustee 
HSBC Corporate Trustee Company (UK) Limited and, when acting 
as trustee in respect of a Series, the “Trustee”. 
Programme Issuing and Paying 
Agent 
HSBC Bank plc and, when acting as issuing and paying agent in 
respect of a Series, the “Issuing and Paying Agent”. 
Programme Custodian 
HSBC Bank plc and, when acting as custodian in respect of a 
Series, the “Custodian”. 
Programme Registrar and 
Programme Transfer Agent 
HSBC Bank plc and, when acting as registrar and transfer agent 
in respect of a Series, the “Registrar” and the “Transfer Agent”. 
Swap Agreement, Programme Swap 
Counterparty and Swap Guarantor 
In respect of any Series, the Issuer may enter into a swap 
agreement on the terms described in the section of this Base 
Prospectus titled “The Swap Agreement” (a “Swap Agreement”). 
The Swap Agreement may, if so specified in the applicable 
Accessory Conditions, provide for collateralisation by way of a 
credit support annex by either or both of the Issuer and the Swap 
Counterparty of their respective obligations under the Swap 
Agreement. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Programme Swap 
Counterparties are:  
(i) 
Barclays Bank PLC; Barclays Bank Ireland PLC; 
(ii) 
BNP Paribas; BNP Paribas Arbitrage S.N.C.; 
(iii) Citibank Europe plc (including any of its branches); Citigroup

--- Page 13 ---
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
13 
Global Markets Europe AG; Citigroup Global Markets Japan 
Inc.; Citigroup Global Markets Limited; Citibank, N.A., 
London Branch; Citibank Korea Inc. 
(iv) Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank (including 
any of its branches); 
(v) Credit Suisse International; 
(vi) Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft; 
(vii) Goldman Sachs International (including any of its branches); 
Goldman Sachs International Bank; 
(viii) HSBC Bank plc; 
(ix) J.P. Morgan SE; J.P. Morgan Securities plc; J.P. Morgan 
Securities (Far East) Limited, Seoul Branch; 
(x) Merrill Lynch International; BofA Securities Europe SA; 
(xi) Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc; Morgan Stanley 
Capital Services LLC; Morgan Stanley Europe SE;  
(xii) Natixis S.A.; 
(xiii) NatWest Markets plc; NatWest Markets N.V.;  
(xiv) Nomura International plc; Nomura Financial Products Europe 
GmbH; Nomura Singapore Limited; Nomura Securities Co., 
Ltd; 
(xv) Société Générale S.A. (including any of its branches); 
(xvi) UBS AG, London branch; and  
(xvii)  UniCredit Bank AG (including any of its branches), 
with the entity acting as swap counterparty in respect of a Series 
being the “Swap Counterparty”. 
The obligations of the Swap Counterparty may be guaranteed by 
the Swap Guarantor. The Swap Guarantor in respect of the Swap 
Agreement in respect of a Series will be the entity specified as 
such in the applicable Accessory Conditions.  
Where no Swap Agreement is entered into in respect of a Series, 
references in this Base Prospectus to Swap Agreement, Swap 
Counterparty and Swap Guarantor shall not be applicable. 
Repo Agreement and Programme 
Repo Counterparty 
In respect of any Series, the Issuer may enter into a repurchase 
agreement on the terms described in the section of this Base 
Prospectus titled “The Repo Agreement” (a “Repo Agreement”).  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Programme Repo 
Counterparties are: 
(i) 
Barclays Bank PLC; Barclays Bank Ireland PLC; 
(ii) 
BNP Paribas; BNP Paribas Arbitrage S.N.C.; 
(iii) Citigroup Global Markets Inc.; Citigroup Global Markets 
Limited; Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG; 
(iv) Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank (including 
any of its branches); 
(v) Credit Suisse International; 
(vi) Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft; 
(vii) Goldman Sachs International (including any of its branches);

--- Page 14 ---
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
14 
Goldman Sachs International Bank; 
(viii) HSBC Bank plc; 
(ix) J.P. Morgan SE; J.P. Morgan Securities plc;  
(x) Merrill Lynch International; BofA Securities Europe SA; 
(xi) Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc; Morgan Stanley & 
Co. LLC; Morgan Stanley Europe SE;  
(xii) Natixis S.A.; 
(xiii) NatWest Markets plc; NatWest Markets N.V.;  
(xiv) Nomura International plc; Nomura Financial Products Europe 
GmbH; Nomura Singapore Limited; Nomura Securities Co., 
Ltd; 
(xv) Société Générale S.A. (including any of its branches);  
(xvi) UBS AG, London branch; and 
(xvii)  UniCredit Bank AG (including any of its branches), 
with the entity acting as repo counterparty in respect of a Series 
being the “Repo Counterparty”. 
Where no Repo Agreement is entered into in respect of a Series, 
references in this Base Prospectus to Repo Agreement and Repo 
Counterparty shall not be applicable. 
SL Agreement and Programme SL 
Counterparty 
In respect of any Series, the Issuer may enter into a securities 
lending agreement on the terms described in the section of this 
Base Prospectus titled “The SL Agreement” (a “SL Agreement”).  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Programme SL 
Counterparties are: 
(i) 
Barclays Bank PLC; Barclays Bank Ireland PLC; 
(ii) 
BNP Paribas; BNP Paribas Arbitrage S.N.C.; 
(iii) Citigroup Global Markets Inc.; Citigroup Global Markets 
Limited; Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG; 
(iv) Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank (including 
any of its branches); 
(v) Credit Suisse International; 
(vi) Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft; 
(vii) Goldman Sachs International (including any of its branches); 
Goldman Sachs International Bank; 
(viii) HSBC Bank plc; 
(ix) J.P. Morgan SE; J.P. Morgan Securities plc;  
(x) Merrill Lynch International; BofA Securities Europe SA; 
(xi) Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc; Morgan Stanley & 
Co. LLC; Morgan Stanley Europe SE; 
(xii) Natixis S.A.; 
(xiii) NatWest Markets plc; NatWest Markets N.V.;  
(xiv) Nomura International plc; Nomura Financial Products Europe 
GmbH; Nomura Singapore Limited; Nomura Securities Co., 
Ltd; 
(xv) Société Générale S.A. (including any of its branches);  
(xvi) UBS AG, London branch; and

--- Page 15 ---
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
15 
(xvii)  UniCredit Bank AG (including any of its branches),  
with the entity acting as securities lending counterparty in respect 
of a Series being the “SL Counterparty”. 
Where no SL Agreement is entered into in respect of a Series, 
references in this Base Prospectus to SL Agreement and SL 
Counterparty shall not be applicable. 
Programme Disposal Agent 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus: 
(i) 
Barclays Bank PLC; Barclays Bank Ireland PLC; 
(ii) 
BNP Paribas; BNP Paribas Arbitrage S.N.C.; 
(iii) Citigroup Global Markets Limited; Citigroup Global Markets 
Europe AG; 
(iv) Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank (including 
any of its branches); 
(v) Credit Suisse International; 
(vi) Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft; 
(vii) Goldman Sachs International (including any of its branches); 
(viii) HSBC Bank plc; 
(ix) J.P. Morgan SE; J.P. Morgan Securities plc; JPMorgan 
Chase Bank, N.A., Seoul Branch; J.P. Morgan Securities 
(Far East) Limited, Seoul Branch 
(x) Merrill Lynch International; BofA Securities Europe SA; 
(xi) Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc; Morgan Stanley 
Europe SE; 
(xii) Natixis S.A.; 
(xiii) NatWest Markets plc; NatWest Markets N.V.; 
(xiv) Nomura International plc; Nomura Financial Products Europe 
GmbH; 
Nomura 
Singapore 
Limited; 
Nomura 
Bank 
(Luxembourg) SA; 
(xv) Société Générale S.A. (including any of its branches);  
(xvi) UBS AG, London branch; and 
(xvii)  UniCredit Bank AG (including any of its branches), 
with the entity acting as disposal agent in respect of a Series 
being the “Disposal Agent”. 
Programme Calculation Agent 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus: 
(i) 
Barclays Bank PLC; Barclays Bank Ireland PLC; 
(ii) 
BNP Paribas; BNP Paribas Arbitrage S.N.C.; 
(iii) Citigroup Global Markets Limited; Citigroup Global Markets 
Europe AG; 
(iv) Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank (including 
any of its branches); 
(v) Credit Suisse International; 
(vi) Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft; 
(vii) Goldman Sachs International (including any of its branches); 
(viii) HSBC Bank plc; 
(ix) J.P. Morgan SE; J.P. Morgan Securities plc; J.P. Morgan

--- Page 16 ---
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
16 
Securities (Far East) Limited, Seoul Branch; 
(x) Merrill Lynch International; BofA Securities Europe SA; 
(xi) Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc; Morgan Stanley 
Europe SE; 
(xii) Natixis S.A.;  
(xiii) NatWest Markets plc; and NatWest Markets N.V.;  
(xiv) Nomura International plc; Nomura Financial Products Europe 
GmbH; 
Nomura 
Singapore 
Limited; 
Nomura 
Bank 
(Luxembourg) SA; 
(xv) Société Générale S.A. (including any of its branches);  
(xvi) UBS AG, London branch; and 
(xvii)  UniCredit Bank AG (including any of its branches),  
with the entity acting as calculation agent in respect of a Series 
being the “Calculation Agent”. 
Method of Issue 
The Notes will be issued in Series, with the Notes of a Series 
being ultimately interchangeable with all other Notes of that 
Series. Each Series may be issued in Tranches on the same or 
different issue date(s). The specific terms of each Tranche (which 
will be completed, where necessary, with supplemental terms and 
conditions and, save in respect of the issue date, issue price, first 
payment of interest and principal amount of the Tranche, will be 
identical to the terms of other Tranches of the same Series) will be 
completed in the applicable Final Terms or completed, amended, 
supplemented or varied in the applicable Pricing Terms. 
Issue Price of the Notes 
Notes may be issued at their principal amount or at a discount or 
premium to their principal amount. 
Form of Notes 
The Notes of a Series may be issued in bearer form (“Bearer 
Notes”) or in registered form (“Registered Notes”) but Notes of a 
Series may not comprise both Bearer Notes and Registered 
Notes.  
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes may be issued in definitive form 
(“Definitive Bearer Notes”) or if they are to be deposited on issue 
with a common depositary on behalf of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or such alternative clearing system as 
is approved by the Trustee, they will be represented on issue by 
either (i) a temporary global note (a “Temporary Global Note”) if 
(a) definitive Notes are to be made available to Noteholders 
following the expiry of 40 days after their issue date or (b) such 
Notes have an initial maturity of more than one year and are being 
issued in compliance with TEFRA D (as defined in “U.S. TEFRA 
Categorisation” below), or otherwise (ii) a permanent global note 
(a “Permanent Global Note”).  
Each Tranche of Registered Notes will be represented by 
certificates (each, a “Certificate”), one Certificate being issued in 
respect of each Noteholder’s entire holding of Registered Notes of 
one Series. Where issued individually to Noteholders and not in 
the name of a nominee for one or more clearing systems, such 
Certificates are referred to as “Definitive Registered Notes”.

--- Page 17 ---
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
17 
Certificates representing Registered Notes that are registered in 
the name of a nominee for one or more clearing systems are 
referred to as “Global Certificates”. 
Clearing Systems 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and Clearstream Banking 
S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”) and, in relation to any Series, 
such other clearing system approved by the Issuer, the Issuing 
and Paying Agent, the Trustee, the Dealer and (in the case of 
Registered Notes) the Registrar. 
Initial Delivery of Notes 
On or before the issue date for each Tranche, the Global Note 
representing Bearer Notes or the Global Certificate representing 
Registered Notes may be deposited with a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Global Notes or Global 
Certificates may also be deposited with any other clearing system 
or may be delivered outside any clearing system, provided that the 
method of such delivery has been agreed in advance by the 
Issuer, the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Trustee and the relevant 
Dealer. Registered Notes that are to be credited to one or more 
clearing systems on issue will be registered in the name of 
nominees or a common nominee for such clearing systems. 
Limited Recourse and Non-Petition 
The Notes comprise secured, limited recourse obligations of the 
Issuer. 
The obligations of the Issuer to pay any amounts due and payable 
in respect of a Series and to the other Transaction Parties at any 
time in respect of a Series shall be limited to the proceeds 
available out of the Mortgaged Property in respect of such Series 
at such time to make such payments in accordance with “Master 
Conditions - Condition 15 (Application of Available Proceeds)”. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, or in 
any Transaction Document, in respect of a Series, the Transaction 
Parties, the Noteholders and the Couponholders shall have 
recourse only to the Mortgaged Property in respect of the Series, 
subject always to the Security, and not to any other general assets 
of SPIRE or to any other assets of SPIRE acting in respect of 
other Compartments. 
 
If, after (i) the Mortgaged Property in respect of the Series is 
exhausted (whether following Liquidation or enforcement of the 
Security or otherwise) and (ii) application of the Available 
Proceeds as provided in “Master Conditions - Condition 15 
(Application of Available Proceeds)”, any outstanding claim, debt 
or liability against the Issuer in relation to the Notes of the Series 
or the Transaction Documents relating to the Series remains 
unpaid, then such outstanding claim, debt or liability, as the case 
may be, shall be extinguished and no debt shall be owed by the 
Issuer in respect thereof.  
Following extinguishment in accordance with “Master Conditions - 
Condition 17(a) (General Limited Recourse)”, none of the 
Transaction Parties, the Noteholders, the Couponholders or any 
other person acting on behalf of any of them shall be entitled to 
take any further steps against the Issuer or any of its officers,

--- Page 18 ---
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
18 
shareholders, 
members, 
incorporators, 
corporate 
service 
providers or directors to recover any further sum in respect of the 
extinguished claim, debt or liability and no debt shall be owed to 
any such persons by the Issuer or any of its officers, shareholders, 
members, incorporators, corporate service providers or directors 
in respect of such further sum in respect of the Series. 
None 
of 
the 
Transaction 
Parties, 
the 
Noteholders, 
the 
Couponholders or any other person acting on behalf of any of 
them may, at any time, institute, or join with any other person in 
bringing, 
instituting 
or 
joining, 
insolvency, 
administration, 
bankruptcy, winding-up or any other similar proceedings (whether 
court-based or otherwise) in relation to the Issuer, SPIRE or any 
of its officers, shareholders, members, incorporators, corporate 
service providers or directors or any of its assets, and none of 
them shall have any claim arising with respect to the assets and/or 
property attributable to any other Obligations issued or entered 
into by the Issuer or SPIRE (save for any further notes which form 
a single series with the Notes) or any other assets of the Issuer or 
SPIRE. 
Notwithstanding the provisions of the foregoing, the Trustee may 
lodge a claim in the liquidation of SPIRE which is initiated by 
another party or take proceedings to obtain a declaration or 
judgment as to the obligations of the Issuer. 
In addition, no Noteholders or Couponholders or any other person 
acting on behalf of them may start proceedings against the Issuer 
which are based on article 470-21 of the Luxembourg law of 10 
August 1915 relating to commercial companies, as amended (the 
“Companies Act 1915”). 
Such limited recourse and non-petition provisions shall survive 
notwithstanding any redemption of the Notes of any Series or the 
termination or expiration of any Transaction Document in respect 
of any Series. 
Currencies 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, Notes may be issued in any currency as agreed 
between the Issuer, the Issuing and Paying Agent and the Dealer. 
Maturities 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, Notes of any maturity may be issued under the 
Programme. 
Specified Denomination 
Definitive Notes will be in such denominations as may be specified 
in the applicable Accessory Conditions in accordance with all 
relevant laws, regulations and directives, provided that (i) the 
minimum specified denomination shall in each case be €100,000 
(or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of 
the Notes) and (ii) unless otherwise permitted by the then current 
laws and regulations, Notes (including Notes denominated in 
sterling) which have a maturity of less than one year and in 
respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the 
Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise constitutes 
a contravention of Section 19 of the Financial Services and

--- Page 19 ---
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
19 
Markets Act 2000 (“FSMA”) will have a minimum denomination of 
the greater of €100,000 and £100,000 (or their equivalent in other 
currencies). 
Fixed Rate Notes 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in 
each year specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions. 
Floating Rate Notes 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately for 
each Series and will be determined on the same basis as the 
floating rate under a notional interest rate swap transaction in the 
relevant 
Specified 
Currency 
governed 
by 
an 
agreement 
incorporating either the 2006 ISDA Definitions or 2021 ISDA 
Definitions, as applicable, each as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (unless the Notes are 
issued by way of Pricing Terms and such Pricing Terms specify 
otherwise).  
Variable-linked Interest Rate Notes 
Interest payable on Variable-linked Interest Rate Notes (which will 
only be applicable with respect to Notes issued by way of Pricing 
Terms) will be determined in the manner and by reference to the 
formula specified in the applicable Pricing Terms. 
Zero Coupon Notes 
Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at their principal amount or at 
a discount to it and will not bear interest unless payment under the 
Notes on the due date for redemption is improperly withheld or 
refused. 
Interest Periods and Rates of 
Interest 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable 
rate of interest or its method of calculation may differ from time to 
time or be constant for any Series. All such information will be set 
out in the applicable Accessory Conditions. 
Redemption 
The applicable Accessory Conditions will specify the basis for 
calculating the redemption amounts payable. Unless permitted by 
then current laws and regulations, Notes (including Notes 
denominated in sterling) which have a maturity of less than one 
year and in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be 
accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose issue 
otherwise constitutes a contravention of Section 19 of FSMA must 
have a minimum redemption amount of £100,000 (or its equivalent 
in other currencies) per Note. 
Redemption by Instalments 
Where a Series is redeemable in two or more instalments, the 
applicable Accessory Conditions will set out the dates on which, 
and the amounts in which, such Notes may be redeemed. 
Early Redemption for Events of 
Default, Tax or Other Reasons 
The Notes may be redeemed prior to or following the Maturity 
Date upon the occurrence of:  
(i) 
certain tax events with respect to the Notes, the Original 
Collateral;  
(ii) 
certain events with respect to the Original Collateral (which 
includes the Original Collateral being called for redemption or 
repayment prior to its scheduled maturity date (other than a 
scheduled amortisation of the Original Collateral) and certain 
default events relating to the Original Collateral – for further 
information see the section of this Base Prospectus titled

--- Page 20 ---
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
20 
“Risk Factors” and the risk factor “Risks relating to the Notes 
– Early redemption for Events of Default, tax or other 
reasons” therein); 
(iii) the termination of the Swap Agreement, the Repo Agreement 
or the SL Agreement;  
(iv) the bankruptcy of the Swap Counterparty, the Repo 
Counterparty or the SL Counterparty; 
(v) it becoming unlawful for the Issuer to perform its obligations 
in respect of the Notes; 
(vi) certain disruption events with respect to a relevant Original 
Collateral Reference Rate;  
(vii) certain disruption events with respect to a relevant Reference 
Rate;  
(viii) an Issuer Call Condition being satisfied;  
(ix) a Noteholder Early Redemption Option being exercised; or  
(x) an Event of Default with respect to the Notes. 
Any redemption following the Maturity Date would be as a result of 
a redemption being triggered prior to the Maturity Date but with 
the resultant liquidation or enforcement process not being 
completed until after the Maturity Date. 
 
If one of the above events occurs, the Disposal Agent may be 
required to liquidate the Collateral or the Trustee may enforce the 
Security following the occurrence of an Enforcement Event (as the 
case may be). The amount payable to Noteholders in such 
circumstances will be the Early Redemption Amount. 
 
The Early Redemption Amount will be an amount per Note equal 
to that Note’s pro rata share of: 
(a) the proceeds of liquidation or realisation of the Collateral 
available to the Issuer or the Trustee (as the case may be); 
plus 
(b) any termination payment payable to the Issuer by the Swap 
Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty and/or the SL 
Counterparty on the termination of the Swap Agreement, the 
Repo Agreement and/or the SL Agreement (if any); minus  
(c) any termination payment payable to the Swap Counterparty, 
the Repo Counterparty and/or the SL Counterparty by the 
Issuer on the termination of the Swap Agreement, the Repo 
Agreement and/or the SL Agreement (if any),  
(unless the Notes are issued by way of Pricing Terms and such 
Pricing Terms specify otherwise). 
 
The Early Redemption Amount of a Note may be less than the 
Specified Denomination of that Note and may be zero. 
 
If the Issuer fails to pay (I) any Early Redemption Amount that has 
become due and payable on the relevant Early Redemption Date, 
(II) any amount of interest or principal or any instalment amount 
on the Notes that has become due and payable on the Maturity 
Date by the Relevant Payment Date or (III) any amount due and

--- Page 21 ---
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
21 
payable to the Swap Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty or the 
SL Counterparty on the relevant due date for payment under the 
Swap Agreement, the Repo Agreement or the SL Agreement (as 
applicable) relating to that Series (but only if the Issuer has 
already paid in full any amount due and payable to the 
Noteholders and the Couponholders of that Series), the Trustee 
may (and if (A) requested in writing by holders of at least 20 per 
cent. of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes then 
outstanding, (B) directed by an Extraordinary Resolution or (C) 
directed in writing by the Swap Counterparty, the Repo 
Counterparty or the SL Counterparty (whichever shall be the first 
to so request or direct) shall), provided in each case that the 
Trustee shall have been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-
funded to its satisfaction and provided that the Trustee has given 
an Enforcement Notice to the Issuer, the Custodian, the Swap 
Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty, the SL Counterparty and 
any Disposal Agent appointed at that time, upon the occurrence of 
the related Enforcement Event, enforce the Security constituted by 
the Trust Deed and/or any Security Documents (if applicable), 
subject to the provisions of the Trust Deed. 
 
In addition, on a redemption of the Notes other than on the 
Maturity Date or on an Instalment Date at the Instalment Amount, 
the Issuer or (from the date on which any Enforcement Notice is 
given by the Trustee following the occurrence of an Enforcement 
Event) the Trustee (as the case may be) will apply available sums 
in accordance with the order of priority set out in “Master 
Conditions - Condition 15 (Application of Available Proceeds)”. 
Such sums may not be sufficient to meet the claims of the 
Secured Creditors against the Issuer in respect of the Series and, 
accordingly, following application in accordance with the order of 
priority, there may not be sufficient sums available to satisfy the 
Issuer’s obligation to pay the Early Redemption Amount in full or 
at all. See “Limited Recourse and Non-Petition” above. 
Status of Notes 
The Notes will be (i) secured, limited recourse obligations of the 
Issuer ranking pari passu without any preference among 
themselves, (ii) subject to the Securitisation Act 2004 and (iii) 
secured in the manner described in “Master Conditions - Condition 
5 (Security)”. Recourse in respect of any Series will be limited to 
the Mortgaged Property for that Series. Claims of Noteholders, the 
Trustee, the Swap Counterparty, the Swap Guarantor, the Repo 
Counterparty, the SL Counterparty, the Custodian, the Issuing and 
Paying Agent and any other Secured Creditor shall rank in 
accordance with the priorities specified in “Master Conditions - 
Condition 15 (Application of Available Proceeds)” as it may be 
amended by the applicable Accessory Conditions. 
Restrictions 
So long as any Note is outstanding, the Issuer shall not, without 
the prior written consent of the Trustee or the sanction of an 
Extraordinary Resolution, and except as provided for or 
contemplated in the Conditions or any Transaction Document and 
within the limits of the Securitisation Act 2004, engage in any

--- Page 22 ---
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
22 
business other than the issuance or entry into of Obligations, the 
entry into of related agreements and transactions, the acquisition 
and holding of related assets and the performing of acts incidental 
thereto or necessary in connection therewith, and provided that: 
(i) 
such Obligations are secured on assets of the Issuer other 
than any fees paid to the Issuer (for its own account) in 
connection with the Notes or other Obligations and any 
assets securing any other Obligations (other than Equivalent 
Obligations) of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
such Obligations and any related agreements contain limited 
recourse and non-petition provisions; 
(iii) the terms of such Obligations comply with all applicable laws; 
and 
(iv) the terms of such Obligations and any underlying assets 
relating to such Obligations comply with (a) paragraph 2 
(Additional Restrictions) of the Product Criteria and (b) the 
Collateral Criteria in each case in effect at the time such 
Obligations are entered into.  
In addition, the Issuer will be subject to certain other restrictions 
as specified in “Master Conditions - Condition 6 (Restrictions)”. 
Cross Default 
None. 
Rating 
It is anticipated that certain Series may be rated by Fitch, 
Moody’s, R&I and/or S&P. 
 
Where an issue of Notes is to be rated, such rating will be 
specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions. 
 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities 
and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any 
time by the assigning rating agency. 
Withholding Tax 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made subject to any 
withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or 
future taxes, duties or charges of whatsoever nature that the 
Issuer, the Trustee or any Agent is required by applicable law to 
make (and any withholding required by an Information Reporting 
Regime shall be deemed to be required by applicable law). In that 
event, the Issuer, the Trustee or such Agent shall make such 
payment after such withholding or deduction has been made and 
shall account to the relevant authorities for the amount(s) so 
required to be withheld or deducted. None of the Issuer, the 
Trustee or any Agent will be obliged to make any additional 
payments to Noteholders in respect of such withholding or 
deduction. 
U.S. Withholding Notes 
In order to mitigate the risk of U.S. withholding tax applying in 
respect of U.S. Withholding Notes, investors will be required to 
provide U.S. tax forms or other documentation that will allow 
withholding agents to make payments on the Notes without any 
deduction or withholding for or on account of any U.S. withholding 
tax.

--- Page 23 ---
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
23 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may, from time to time, issue further Notes of any 
Series on the same terms (except for the issue date, issue price, 
first payment of interest and principal amount) as existing Notes 
and such further Notes shall be consolidated and form a single 
Series with such existing Notes of the same Series, provided that, 
unless otherwise approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of 
Noteholders, the Issuer provides, in accordance with “Master 
Conditions - Condition 6 (Restrictions)”, additional assets as 
security for such further Notes. 
Governing Law 
The Notes are governed by English law. The provisions relating to 
meetings of noteholders contained in articles 470-1 to 470-19 of 
the Companies Act 1915 will not apply in respect of the Notes. 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
Application has been made to list Notes issued under the 
Programme on the Official List and to admit them to trading on the 
Regulated Market or as otherwise specified in the applicable 
Accessory Conditions. As specified in the applicable Accessory 
Conditions, a Series may be unlisted. 
Selling Restrictions 
Each of (i) the United States, (ii) the United Kingdom, (iii) 
Switzerland, (iv) Japan, (v) any other jurisdiction relevant to any 
Series and (vi) retail investors. See the section of this Base 
Prospectus titled “Subscription and Sale”. 
The offer, sale and delivery of any Notes is subject to certain other 
conditions, referred to as the “Product Criteria” and the “Collateral 
Criteria”. See the section of this Base Prospectus titled 
“Subscription and Sale”. 
U.S. TEFRA Categorisation 
Notes in bearer form will be issued:  
(i) 
in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or 
any successor rules in substantially the same form that are 
applicable for the purposes of section 4701 of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended) (“TEFRA C”); 
(ii) 
in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or 
any successor rules in substantially the same form that are 
applicable for the purposes of section 4701 of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended) (“TEFRA D”); 
or  
(iii) other than in compliance with TEFRA D or TEFRA C but in 
circumstances in which the Notes will not constitute 
“registration required obligations” under the United States 
Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982 (“TEFRA”), 
which circumstances will be referred to in the applicable 
Accessory Conditions as a transaction to which TEFRA is not 
applicable.

--- Page 24 ---
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
24 
TRANSACTION STRUCTURE DIAGRAM 
The diagram below is intended to provide an overview of the structure of a standard repackaging 
transaction. Prospective Noteholders should also review the detailed information set out elsewhere in this 
Base Prospectus and the specific Series Prospectus for a description of the transaction structure and 
relevant cashflows prior to making any investment decision. In the diagram below dotted lines represent 
contractual relationships and solid lines represent cashflows. 
 
 
Issuing and Paying Agent 
Disposal Agent 
Registrar/Transfer Agent 
Calculation Agent 
Trustee 
Custodian 
Noteholder 
Single Platform 
Investment 
Repackaging Entity 
SA, in respect of a 
Compartment  
(“Issuer”) 
Administrator 
Original 
Collateral 
Obligor 
Benefit of Issuer 
security 
Payments under 
the Notes 
Trust Deed 
Collateral 
payments  
(if any) 
Agency 
Agreement 
Corporate  
Services Agreement 
Swap Counterparty / 
Repo Counterparty / 
SL Counterparty 
Scheduled payments 
due on Collateral 
Scheduled interest amounts and Final 
Redemption Amount 
Custody 
Agreement

--- Page 25 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
25 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes 
issued under the Programme. 
Factors which the Issuer believes may be material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated 
with Notes issued under the Programme are also described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in Notes 
issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in 
connection with any Notes may occur for other reasons and the Issuer does not represent that the statements 
below regarding the risks of holding any Notes are exhaustive. Prospective investors should also read the 
detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus (including any documents incorporated by 
reference herein) and the applicable Accessory Conditions, and reach their own views prior to making any 
investment decision. 
1 
Risks relating to SPIRE and the Issuer 
(a) 
Securitisation Act 2004 and Compartments 
SPIRE is a special purpose vehicle incorporated as a public limited liability company (société 
anonyme) under the laws of Luxembourg and has the status of an unregulated securitisation 
undertaking (société de titrisation) within the meaning of the Securitisation Act 2004.  
For further information, see the section of this Base Prospectus titled “Description of SPIRE - 
Securitisation Act 2004 and Compartments”. 
The rights of Noteholders and other Secured Creditors against SPIRE in respect of a Series are 
limited to the assets in respect of the corresponding Compartment. However, Noteholders may be 
exposed to competing claims of other creditors of SPIRE if foreign courts or regulators which have 
jurisdiction over assets of SPIRE allocated to a Compartment do not recognise the segregation of 
assets and the compartmentalisation, as provided for in the Securitisation Act 2004. The claims of 
these other creditors may affect the scope of assets which are available for the claims of 
Noteholders and those of the other Secured Creditors. 
The assets of each Compartment may include the proceeds of the issue of the Notes of the 
relevant Series and the Collateral. The fees, costs and expenses in relation to the Notes of each 
Series are allocated to the Compartment relating to the relevant Series in accordance with the 
Conditions and the Articles. 
Noteholders of a Series will have recourse only to the Mortgaged Property relating to the relevant 
Series. 
(b) 
SPIRE is a special purpose vehicle 
SPIRE is a special purpose vehicle established for the purpose of issuing asset backed securities 
within the limits of the Securitisation Act 2004. The Issuer has covenanted (amongst other things) 
that, so long as any Note is outstanding, it will not, except as otherwise provided for or 
contemplated in the Conditions or any Transaction Document, engage in any business, subject 
always to the restrictions set out in the Trust Deed and the Conditions.  
For further information on the restrictions on the Issuer’s activities, see the section of this Base 
Prospectus entitled “Description of SPIRE – Special Purpose Vehicle”.

--- Page 26 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
26 
As such, the Issuer has, and will have, no assets other than such fees (as agreed) payable to it in 
connection with the issue of Notes or entry into other Obligations from time to time and any 
Mortgaged Property and any other assets on which Notes or other Obligations are secured.  
(c) 
Consequences of winding-up proceedings 
SPIRE is structured to be an insolvency-remote vehicle. 
SPIRE shall only contract with parties who agree not to make any application for the 
commencement of winding-up, or bankruptcy or similar proceedings against SPIRE. Legal 
proceedings initiated against SPIRE in breach of these provisions shall, in principle, be declared 
inadmissible by a Luxembourg court. 
However, if SPIRE fails for any reason to meet its obligations or liabilities, a creditor who has not 
(and cannot be deemed to have) accepted non-petition and limited recourse provisions in respect 
of SPIRE is entitled to make an application for the commencement of insolvency proceedings 
against SPIRE. 
Furthermore, the commencement of such proceedings may, in certain conditions, entitle creditors 
to terminate contracts with SPIRE and claim damages for any loss suffered as a result of such 
early termination. 
SPIRE is insolvency-remote, not insolvency-proof. 
(d) 
Evolution of international fiscal policy 
SPIRE may seek to rely on double taxation treaties concluded between Luxembourg and other 
states, particularly in respect of income and gains of the Issuer. Whilst each double taxation treaty 
needs to be considered individually taking into account fiscal practices primarily of the country 
from whom relief is sought, a number of requirements need to be met. These requirements may 
include ensuring that an entity is resident in Luxembourg, is subject to taxation on income and 
gains in Luxembourg and is also the beneficial owner of such income and gains. There can be no 
certainty that SPIRE will be able to rely on double tax treaties because fiscal practice in relation to 
the construction of double tax treaties and the operation of the administrative processes 
surrounding those treaties may be subject to change. For example, fiscal practice could evolve 
such that SPIRE could be regarded as not being the beneficial owner because the overriding 
commercial object of SPIRE is to allocate income and gains, less certain expenses and losses, for 
the benefit of Noteholders, and SPIRE is entitled to a tax deduction in respect of that allocation 
and, as such, SPIRE would not be able to rely on a double taxation treaty on its own behalf. Also, 
upon the entry into force of the Multilateral Convention to Implement Tax Treaty Related 
Measures to Prevent Base Erosion and Profit Shifting (“BEPS”) signed on 7 June 2017, 
participating jurisdictions may require the principal purpose test to be met in order to benefit from 
a double taxation treaty. Luxembourg has adopted the Multilateral Convention to Implement Tax 
Treaty Related Measures to prevent BEPS under the Law of 7 March 2019 and deposited its 
instrument of ratification with the OECD on 9 April 2019. If SPIRE is unable to rely on such double 
taxation treaties, this may result in the Notes being the subject of an early redemption and any tax 
payable by SPIRE in such circumstances could reduce the Early Redemption Amount payable to 
Noteholders. See the risk factor titled “Risks relating to the Notes – Early redemption for Events of 
Default, tax or other reasons” below. 
(e) 
Impact of anti-tax avoidance directive on Luxembourg securitisation companies 
The Council Directive (EU) 2016/1164 of 12 July 2016 laying down rules against tax avoidance 
practices that directly affect the functioning of the internal market dated 12 July 2016 was 
transposed into Luxembourg domestic law by the law of 21 December 2018 (“ATAD I”) and

--- Page 27 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
27 
entered into force on 1 January 2019. ATAD I has been amended by the Council Directive (EU) 
2017/952 of 29 May 2017, which was implemented into Luxembourg domestic law by the law of 
20 December 2019 (“ATAD II”, and together with ATAD I, “ATAD”) and entered into force on 1 
January 2020, except for the reverse hybrid mismatch rule, which entered into force on 1 January 
2022.  
ATAD may result in corporate income tax being effectively imposed and due on SPIRE to the 
extent that SPIRE derives income other than interest income or income equivalent to interest from 
its underlying assets and transactions or, as the case may be, if any of the anti-hybrid rules under 
ATAD apply, for instance, if the Notes issued by SPIRE qualify for tax purposes as hybrid financial 
instruments. Where ATAD results in denying the tax deductibility of a portion of the interest 
accrued on the Notes, this could lead to an early redemption of the Notes and any tax payable by 
the Issuer as a result of ATAD could reduce the Early Redemption Amount payable to 
Noteholders. 
(f) 
FATCA and the possibility of U.S. withholding tax on payments 
(i) 
Background 
Pursuant to certain provisions of U.S. law, commonly known as FATCA, a withholding tax is 
imposed on (i) certain U.S. source payments and (ii) beginning on the date that is two years 
after the date of publication in the U.S. Federal Register of final regulations defining the 
term “foreign passthru payment”, payments made by “foreign financial institutions” that are 
treated as foreign passthru payments. This withholding tax is imposed on such payments 
made to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. 
SPIRE is a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions 
(including Luxembourg) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, 
intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which 
modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Certain aspects of the 
application of FATCA to instruments or agreements such as the Collateral, the Swap 
Agreement, the Repo Agreement, the SL Agreement and the Notes, including whether 
withholding on foreign passthru payments would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an 
IGA with respect to payments on instruments or agreements such as the Collateral, the 
Swap Agreement, the Repo Agreement, the SL Agreement and/or the Notes, are uncertain 
and may be subject to change. 
(ii) 
Possible impact on payments on Original Collateral or under the Swap Agreement, 
the Repo Agreement or the SL Agreement (if any) 
If SPIRE or the Issuer, as appropriate, fails to comply with its obligations under FATCA 
(including the IGA entered into between Luxembourg and the United States to implement 
FATCA and any IGA legislation thereunder), it may be subject to FATCA Withholding on all, 
or a portion of, payments it receives with respect to the Original Collateral, the Swap 
Agreement, the Repo Agreement or the SL Agreement (in each case, if any). Any such 
withholding would, in turn, result in the Issuer having insufficient funds from which to make 
payments that would otherwise have become due in respect of the Notes, the Swap 
Agreement, the Repo Agreement or the SL Agreement with respect to a Series. No other 
funds will be available to the Issuer or any other Transaction Party to make up any such 
shortfall and, as a result, the Issuer may not have sufficient funds to satisfy its payment 
obligations to Noteholders. Additionally, if payments to the Issuer in respect of the Original 
Collateral are, will become or are deemed on any test date to be subject to FATCA 
Withholding, the Notes will be subject to early redemption (see the risk factor titled “Risks 
relating to the Notes – Early redemption for Events of Default, tax or other reasons” below).

--- Page 28 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
28 
No assurance can be given that SPIRE or the Issuer, as appropriate, can or will comply 
with its obligations under FATCA or that SPIRE or the Issuer, as appropriate, will not be 
subject to FATCA Withholding. 
(iii) 
Possible redemption of the Notes 
If the Issuer determines that any Noteholder, Couponholder or beneficial owner of Notes 
has failed to provide sufficient forms, documentation or other information in accordance 
with Conditions 12(b) (Provision of Information) or 12(c) (U.S. Withholding Notes) such that 
any payment received by the Issuer may be subject to a deduction or withholding or the 
Issuer may suffer a fine or penalty, in each case, pursuant to an Information Reporting 
Regime, the Notes shall redeem early at their Early Redemption Amount (as further 
described in the risk factor titled “Risks relating to the Notes – Early redemption for Events 
of Default, tax or other reasons” below).  
FATCA is particularly complex and its application to SPIRE or the Issuer (as appropriate), the 
Notes and the Noteholders is subject to change. 
(g) 
Information reporting obligations and FATCA Amendments 
Information relating to the Notes, their holders and beneficial owners may be required to be 
provided to tax authorities in certain circumstances pursuant to domestic or international reporting 
and transparency regimes (including, without limitation, in relation to FATCA). This may include 
(but is not limited to) information relating to the value of the Notes, amounts paid or credited with 
respect to the Notes, details of the holders or beneficial owners of the Notes and information and 
documents in connection with transactions relating to the Notes. In certain circumstances, the 
information obtained by a tax authority may be provided to tax authorities in other countries. Some 
jurisdictions operate a withholding system in place of, or in addition to, such provision of 
information requirements. Pursuant to the Conditions and subject to certain limitations, a holder or 
beneficial owner of Notes is required to provide information reasonably requested by the Issuer 
and/or any agent acting on behalf of the Issuer for purposes of the Issuer’s, SPIRE’s or such 
agent’s compliance with applicable information reporting regimes. If, for a Series, any Noteholder 
or beneficial owner fails to provide any information so requested by the Issuer, the Issuer may 
withhold amounts from Noteholders (including intermediaries through which such Notes are held) 
or such Series may be the subject of an early redemption. 
Additionally, the Issuer is permitted, subject to the fulfilment of certain requirements set out in 
Condition 12(d) (FATCA Amendments), to make any amendments (other than an amendment that 
would require a “special quorum resolution” as defined in the Trust Deed) to the terms of the 
Notes, the Swap Agreement, the Repo Agreement, the SL Agreement and any other Transaction 
Document (except for the Programme Deed) as may be necessary to enable the Issuer to comply 
with its obligations under FATCA (including the IGA entered into between Luxembourg and the 
United States to implement FATCA and any IGA legislation thereunder) or its obligations under 
any legislation or agreements relating to any applicable Information Reporting Regime and any 
such amendment will be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders. 
Neither a Noteholder nor a beneficial owner of Notes will be entitled to any additional amounts if 
FATCA Withholding or any other withholding or deduction or charge in connection with an 
Information Reporting Regime is imposed on any payments on or with respect to the Notes. As a 
result, Noteholders may receive less interest or principal, as applicable, than expected. 
Each Noteholder should consult its own tax adviser to obtain a more detailed explanation of 
FATCA and the other Information Reporting Regimes and to learn how FATCA and the other

--- Page 29 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
29 
Information Reporting Regimes might affect such Noteholder in light of its particular 
circumstances. 
(h) 
U.S. Withholding Notes 
For background on U.S. Withholding Notes, see the section of this Base Prospectus titled 
“Taxation – U.S. Withholding Notes”. 
If there is a deduction or withholding in respect of payments on the Notes for or on account of any 
U.S. withholding tax, Noteholders will not be entitled to either receive grossed-up amounts to 
compensate for such withholding tax or be reimbursed for the amount of any shortfall (as further 
described in the risk factor titled “Risks relating to the Notes – No gross-up” below). 
The Issuer also may be subject to U.S. withholding tax on all, or a portion of, payments it receives 
or is deemed to receive with respect to the Collateral, the Swap Agreement, the Repo Agreement 
or the SL Agreement (in each case, if any) if investors in U.S. Withholding Notes fail to provide 
U.S. tax forms and withholding is not applied on payments to such investors. Any such withholding 
would, in turn, result in the Issuer having insufficient funds from which to make payments that 
would otherwise have become due in respect of the Notes, the Swap Agreement, the Repo 
Agreement or the SL Agreement with respect to a Series. No other funds will be available to the 
Issuer or any other Transaction Party to make up any such shortfall and, as a result, the Issuer 
may not have sufficient funds to satisfy its payment obligations to Noteholders. It is possible that 
the U.S. Internal Revenue Service would seek to collect that tax from assets of other Series or 
payments made on Notes of other Series. Additionally, if payments to the Issuer in respect of the 
Original Collateral, the Swap Agreement, the Repo Agreement or the SL Agreement in respect of 
a U.S. Withholding Note are subject to U.S. withholding tax, the Notes will be subject to early 
redemption (see the risk factor titled “Risks relating to the Notes – Early redemption for Events of 
Default, tax or other reasons” below). 
(i) 
Regulation of the Issuer by any regulatory authority 
Save for registration with the Registre de Commerce et des Sociétés, Luxembourg, the Issuer is 
not required to be licensed, registered or authorised under any current securities, commodities, 
insurance or banking laws or regulations of its jurisdiction of incorporation. There is no assurance, 
however, that in the future such regulatory authorities would not take a contrary view regarding the 
applicability of any such laws or regulations to the Issuer. There is also no assurance that the 
regulatory authorities in other jurisdictions would not require the Issuer to be licensed or 
authorised under any securities, commodities, insurance or banking laws or regulations of those 
jurisdictions. Any requirement to be licensed or authorised could have an adverse effect on the 
Issuer and could give rise to circumstances that could result in the early redemption of the Notes, 
which may prove to be adverse to the holders of the Notes. 
(j) 
No registration as investment company 
SPIRE has not been registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. 
No opinion or no-action position has been requested of the U.S. Securities and Exchange 
Commission (the “SEC”) in respect of such non-registration. If the SEC or a court of competent 
jurisdiction were to find that SPIRE is required to register as an investment company but, in 
violation of the Investment Company Act, had failed to do so, possible consequences include, but 
are not limited to, the SEC applying to enjoin the violation, Noteholders suing SPIRE to recover 
any damages caused by the violation and any contract to which SPIRE is a party made in violation 
or whose performance involves a violation of the Investment Company Act being unenforceable 
unless enforcing such contract would produce a more equitable result. Should SPIRE be

--- Page 30 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
30 
subjected to any or all of the foregoing or to any other consequences, SPIRE would be materially 
and adversely affected. 
2 
Risks relating to the Notes 
(a) 
Amounts payable to Noteholders on early redemption 
The amount payable to a Noteholder on an early redemption will be an amount per Note equal to 
the Early Redemption Amount, being either: (i) with respect to Notes issued by way of Pricing 
Terms, the amount specified as such in the applicable Pricing Terms (or the amount determined in 
accordance with the formula or method for determining such amount specified therein) or (ii) if no 
such amount is specified in the applicable Pricing Terms, or with respect to Notes issued by way 
of Final Terms, such Note’s pro rata share of (A) the proceeds of liquidation or realisation of the 
Collateral and any other assets in respect of the relevant Series available to the Issuer plus (B) 
any early termination payment under the Swap Agreement payable by the Swap Counterparty to 
the Issuer and/or any early termination payment under the Repo Agreement payable by the Repo 
Counterparty to the Issuer and/or any early termination payment under the SL Agreement payable 
by the SL Counterparty to the Issuer minus (C) any early termination payment under the Swap 
Agreement payable by the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty and/or any early termination payment 
under the Repo Agreement payable by the Issuer to the Repo Counterparty and/or any early 
termination payment under the SL Agreement payable by the Issuer to the SL Counterparty.  
The Noteholders will be paid such amounts after payment of any priority claims in accordance with 
the Conditions. There is no assurance that in such circumstances the proceeds available following 
payment of any such priority claims will be sufficient to pay in full the amounts that holders of the 
relevant Notes would expect to receive if the Notes redeemed in accordance with their terms on 
their Maturity Date or that such holders will receive back the amount they originally invested. 
The Noteholders will be exposed to the market value of the Collateral, the Swap Agreement, the 
Repo Agreement and the SL Agreement (for a consideration of factors that may impact such 
values see the risk factor titled “Risks relating to the Notes – Market value of Notes” below).  
(b) 
Limited recourse obligations 
The Notes are direct, secured, limited recourse obligations of the Issuer payable solely out of the 
Mortgaged Property over which security is given by the Issuer in favour of the Trustee on behalf of 
the Noteholders and other Secured Creditors. Payments due in respect of the Notes will be made 
solely out of amounts received by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Mortgaged Property. 
The Issuer will have no other assets or sources of revenue available for payment of any of its 
obligations under the Notes. No assurance can be made that the proceeds available for and 
allocated to the repayment of the Notes at any particular time will be sufficient to cover all 
amounts that would otherwise be due and payable in respect of the Notes. If the proceeds of the 
Liquidation of the Collateral received by the Disposal Agent or the realisation of the Security 
received by the Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders prove insufficient to make payments on 
the Notes, no other assets will be available for payment of the shortfall, and, following distribution 
of the proceeds of such Liquidation or realisation, any outstanding claim, debt or liability against 
the Issuer in relation to the Notes remains unpaid, then such outstanding claim, debt or liability 
shall be extinguished and no debt shall be owed by the Issuer in respect thereof. 
Further, only the Trustee may pursue remedies against the Issuer for any breach by the Issuer of 
the terms of the Trust Deed, the Notes or the Coupons and no Noteholder or Couponholder shall 
be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer unless the Trustee, having become bound to 
proceed in accordance with the terms of the Trust Deed, fails to do so within a reasonable period 
and such failure is continuing. In addition, in respect of any failure by the Issuer to make payment

--- Page 31 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
31 
of the Final Redemption Amount and/or any interest or Instalment Amount that became due and 
payable on the Maturity Date, the Trustee may not pursue any remedies against the Issuer for any 
breach by the Issuer of the terms of the Trust Deed, the Notes or the Coupons until after the 
Relevant Payment Date, which is the 15th Reference Business Day after the Maturity Date, and 
the Trustee shall have no liability to any person for any loss which may arise from such delay. 
In addition, only the Trustee may enforce the Security over the Mortgaged Property in accordance 
with, and subject to, the terms of the Trust Deed. 
No person other than the Issuer will be obliged to make payments on the Notes. 
(c) 
Non-petition 
The Noteholders may not, at any time, institute, or join with any other person in bringing, instituting 
or joining, insolvency, administration, bankruptcy, winding-up or any other similar proceedings 
(whether court-based or otherwise) in relation to the Issuer, SPIRE or any of its officers, 
shareholders, members, incorporators, corporate service providers or directors or any of its 
assets. 
(d) 
If Notes are represented by a Global Note or a Global Certificate, investors will have to rely 
on the procedures of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for transfer, payment and 
communication with the Issuer 
Notes issued under the Programme may be (but, for the avoidance of doubt, are not required to 
be) represented by a Global Note or a Global Certificate. Such Global Notes or Global Certificates 
will be deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Except in the circumstances described in the relevant Global Note or Global Certificate, investors 
will not be entitled to receive definitive Notes or Certificates. Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and their respective direct and indirect participants will maintain records of the 
beneficial interests in the Global Notes or Global Certificates. While the Notes are represented by 
a Global Note or a Global Certificate, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests only 
through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and their respective participants. 
While the Notes are represented by a Global Note or a Global Certificate, the Issuer will discharge 
its payment obligations under the Notes by making payments to the common depositary for 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for distribution to their account holders. A holder of a 
beneficial interest in a Global Note or a Global Certificate must rely on the procedures of 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg to receive payments under the relevant Notes. The 
Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments made in respect of, 
beneficial interests in Global Notes or Global Certificates. 
Holders of beneficial interests in a Global Note or a Global Certificate will not have a direct right to 
vote in respect of the relevant Notes so represented. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act 
only to the extent that they are enabled by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and their 
respective participants to appoint appropriate proxies. Similarly, holders of beneficial interests in a 
Global Note or a Global Certificate will not have a direct right under such Global Note or Global 
Certificate to take enforcement action against the Issuer in the event of a default under the 
relevant Notes but will have to rely upon their rights under the Trust Deed. 
(e) 
Meetings of Noteholders, electronic consent and written resolutions  
The Trust Deed contains provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider any matter 
affecting their interests generally and to obtain written resolutions on matters relating to the Notes 
from Noteholders without calling a meeting. A written resolution signed by or on behalf of the 
holders of at least 75 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding

--- Page 32 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
32 
shall, for all purposes, be as valid and effective as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a 
meeting of Noteholders duly convened and held.  
In certain circumstances, where the Notes are held by or on behalf of a clearing system or 
clearing systems, the Issuer and the Trustee will be entitled to rely upon approval of a resolution 
proposed by the Issuer or the Trustee (as the case may be) given by way of electronic consents 
communicated through the electronic communication systems of the relevant clearing system(s) in 
accordance with their operating rules and procedures by or on behalf of the holders of at least 75 
per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding, and such electronic 
consents shall, for all purposes, be as valid and effective as an Extraordinary Resolution passed 
at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened and held.  
A written resolution or an electronic consent described above may be effected in connection with 
any matter affecting the interests of Noteholders, including modifying the maturity date of the 
Notes or any date for payment of interest thereof, reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or 
the rate of interest payable in respect of the Notes or directing the Trustee to accelerate the Notes 
following the occurrence of an Event of Default, that would otherwise be required to be passed at 
a meeting of Noteholders satisfying a special quorum in accordance with the provisions of the 
Trust Deed. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including 
Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting or in respect of the relevant 
resolution (or participate in the written resolution or electronic consent, as the case may be) and 
Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority (either in a meeting or by written 
resolution or electronic consent). Consequently, the rights of a holder of less than 25 per cent. of 
the aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding, or a Noteholder who does not 
attend and vote at a meeting or participate in respect of a resolution or consent irrespective of its 
holding, may be varied in a manner that is adverse to its wishes and/or interests. 
(f) 
Modification, waivers and substitution 
The Trustee may, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, (i) agree to any 
modification to the Conditions, the Trust Deed or any other Transaction Document that is, in the 
opinion of the Trustee, of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error, 
(ii) agree to any modification to (except as set out in the Trust Deed), and any waiver or 
authorisation of, any breach or proposed breach by the Issuer of the Conditions, the Trust Deed or 
any other Transaction Document that is, in each case, in the opinion of the Trustee, not materially 
prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders, (iii) determine that an Event of Default, Potential 
Event of Default or Enforcement Event shall not be treated as such, provided that, in the Trustee’s 
opinion, the interests of the Noteholders will not be materially prejudiced thereby or (iv) agree to 
the substitution of another entity as the principal debtor under any Notes in place of the Issuer. 
An Affected Programme Dealer or an Expelled Programme Dealer can request that the Issuer 
effect a substitution of itself in respect of a Series without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders. For the purposes of this paragraph, a Dealer shall be an “Affected Programme 
Dealer” if:  
(i) 
such Dealer or one of its Affiliates that acts on the Programme is reasonably likely to (a) 
suffer reputational damage through continued participation in the Programme or (b) bear 
additional costs or regulatory compliance burdens or breach any agreement or applicable 
law or regulation, in each case as a result of the actions taken by one or more of the other 
Programme Dealers, the Programme Calculation Agents, the Programme Disposal Agents, 
the Programme Repo Counterparties, the Programme SL Counterparties or the Programme 
Swap Counterparties (but in each case excluding actions of an entity that is an Affiliate of 
the affected Programme Dealer), SPIRE or an Issuer;

--- Page 33 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
33 
(ii) 
such Dealer determines it to be advisable or recommended, in order to avoid any negative 
consequences when one or more of the other Programme Dealers is expelled from the 
Programme and does not effect a substitution of the Issuer or novation of the Swap 
Agreement, the Repo Agreement or the SL Agreement in each case in respect of each 
Series for which such expelled Programme Dealer acts as the Dealer, to effect such a 
substitution or novation in respect of each Series for which it acts as the Dealer; or 
(iii) 
any change in applicable law or regulation would have, or be reasonably likely to have, a 
material adverse effect on the operation of the limited recourse and/or non-petition 
provisions applicable to any Series, 
and a Dealer will become an “Expelled Programme Dealer” if a notice, signed by certain non-
affiliated Programme Dealers has been given to SPIRE stating that such Programme Dealer is an 
Expelled Programme Dealer.  
Any such substitution must satisfy certain conditions, including without limitation that (i) the 
substituted company is a special purpose vehicle incorporated as a public limited liability company 
(société anonyme) under the laws of Luxembourg and has the status of an unregulated 
securitisation undertaking (société de titrisation) within the meaning of the Securitisation Act 2004, 
(ii) the Notes must continue to be admitted to trading, (iii) the identity of the Trustee remains the 
same, (iv) the identity of the Agents and the Custodian remain the same or certain other pre-
approved agents are appointed, (v) the terms of the Notes and the Transaction Documents must 
not be amended except to reflect the change in identity of the Issuer, (vi) the type and amount of 
the Original Collateral remains the same, (vii) Rating Agency Affirmation has been received at the 
time of the substitution from each Rating Agency (if any) then rating the outstanding Notes at the 
request of the Issuer and (viii) the applicable Transaction Parties’ “know your customer” 
requirements have been satisfied. Notwithstanding these conditions, Noteholders in respect of any 
Series where the Issuer is substituted may nevertheless suffer losses arising out of the 
substitution process and shall be exposed to the creditworthiness of the substituted company. As 
the substituted company will also be a special purpose vehicle under the Securitisation Act 2004, 
claims against that substituted company by the Secured Creditors (including the Noteholders) in 
respect of such Series will be limited to the net proceeds of the Mortgaged Property for that 
particular Series which has been included in the relevant compartment of that substituted 
company. 
(g) 
Trustee indemnity and remuneration 
In certain circumstances, the Noteholders may be dependent on the Trustee to take certain 
actions in respect of a Series, in particular if the Security in respect of such Series becomes 
enforceable under the Conditions. Prior to taking such action, the Trustee may require to be 
indemnified and/or secured and or pre-funded to its satisfaction. If the Trustee is not indemnified 
and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction it may decide not to take such action and such 
inaction will not constitute a breach by it of its obligations under the Trust Deed. Consequently, the 
Noteholders would have to either arrange for such indemnity and/or security and/or pre-funding or 
accept the consequences of such inaction by the Trustee. Noteholders should be prepared to bear 
the costs associated with any such indemnity and/or security and/or pre-funding and/or the 
consequences of any such inaction by the Trustee. Such inaction by the Trustee will not entitle 
Noteholders to take action directly against the Issuer or the Trustee to pursue remedies for any 
breach by the Issuer of the Trust Deed, the Notes or the Coupons (although the events giving rise 
to the need for the Trustee to take action might also permit the Noteholders to exercise certain 
rights directly under the Conditions).

--- Page 34 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
34 
So long as any Note is outstanding, the Issuer shall pay the Trustee remuneration for its services. 
Such remuneration may reduce the amount payable to Noteholders. 
(h) 
Noteholders required to take action in certain circumstances 
In certain circumstances the Noteholders may need to take collective action in order to exercise 
rights granted to them in the Conditions. In particular, for a Series: 
(i) 
in the case of an Event of Default in respect of the Notes, there will be no early redemption 
of the Notes unless the Trustee exercises its discretion to declare an early redemption or is 
directed to declare an early redemption by an Extraordinary Resolution of the holders of the 
Notes (provided, in each case, the Trustee is indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded 
to its satisfaction);  
(ii) 
in the case of a Swap Counterparty Bankruptcy Event, a Repo Counterparty Bankruptcy 
Event or an SL Counterparty Bankruptcy Event, there will be no early redemption of the 
Notes unless the Issuer is directed to declare an early redemption by an Extraordinary 
Resolution of the holders of the Notes; 
(iii) 
in the case of a Swap Agreement Event, a Repo Agreement Event or an SL Agreement 
Event, there will be no early redemption of the Notes unless the Trustee (and consequently 
the Issuer) is directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of the holders of the Notes to 
terminate the Swap Agreement, the Repo Agreement or the SL Agreement; 
(iv) 
in the case of an Enforcement Event, there will be no enforcement of the Security unless 
the Trustee exercises its discretion to enforce the Security or is (i) requested to enforce the 
Security in writing by holders of at least 20 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of 
the Notes then outstanding, (ii) directed to enforce the Security by an Extraordinary 
Resolution of the holders of the Notes or (iii) directed to enforce the Security in writing by 
the Swap Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty or the SL Counterparty (whichever shall be 
the first to so request or direct) (provided, in each case, the Trustee is indemnified and/or 
secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction); and 
(v) 
in the case of a Calculation Agent Bankruptcy Event or a Disposal Agent Bankruptcy Event, 
the Issuer may need to be directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of the holders of the 
Notes to appoint a substitute Calculation Agent (to enable certain calculations to be made 
in respect of the Notes) or Disposal Agent (to enable liquidation of the Collateral), as the 
case may be. 
(i) 
Priority of claims 
Following a Liquidation and on an enforcement of the Security, the rights of the Noteholders to be 
paid amounts due under the Notes will be subordinated to (i) amounts owing to the Swap 
Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty and the SL Counterparty representing the return of its 
excess collateral transferred under the Credit Support Annex, the Repo Agreement or the SL 
Agreement (as applicable) and/or manufactured distributions thereon, (ii) the Issuer’s share of the 
payment or satisfaction of all taxes owing by SPIRE, (iii) the fees, costs, charges, expenses and 
liabilities incurred by the Trustee (including costs incurred in the enforcement of the Security, any 
taxes to be paid and the Trustee’s remuneration), (iv) certain amounts owing to the Custodian, 
amounts owing to the Issuing and Paying Agent in respect of reimbursement for sums paid by 
them in advance of receipt by them of the funds to make such payment, and the fees, costs, 
charges, expenses and liabilities due and payable to the Agents and the Custodian, (v) the fees of 
the Disposal Agent, (vi) amounts owing to the Swap Counterparty under the Swap Agreement, 
amounts owing to the Repo Counterparty under the Repo Agreement and amounts owing to the 
SL Counterparty under the SL Agreement and (vii) any other claims as specified in the Conditions,

--- Page 35 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
35 
as may be amended by the Trust Deed relating to the relevant Series, that rank in priority to the 
Notes. 
(j) 
No gross-up 
If any withholding tax or deduction for tax is imposed on payments on or in respect of the Notes 
(as a result of any Information Reporting Regime or otherwise), the Noteholders will not be entitled 
to either receive grossed-up amounts to compensate for such withholding tax or be reimbursed for 
the amount of any shortfall. In certain circumstances, the imposition of such taxes or deductions 
for tax will result in the Notes being redeemed early at their Early Redemption Amount (as further 
described in the risk factor titled “Risks relating to the Notes – Early redemption for Events of 
Default, tax or other reasons” below). 
(k) 
Early redemption for Events of Default, tax or other reasons 
The Notes may be redeemed on a date other than on the Maturity Date pursuant to “Master 
Conditions - Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase)” upon the occurrence of: 
(i) 
the Original Collateral being called for redemption or repayment prior to its scheduled 
maturity date (other than a scheduled amortisation of the Original Collateral); 
(ii) 
certain other events with respect to the Original Collateral or any other obligation for the 
payment or repayment of borrowed money of the Original Collateral Obligor (which includes 
such obligation becoming payable prior to its scheduled maturity date, certain failures to 
make payments in respect of such obligation, a repudiation or moratorium in respect of 
such obligation, an amendment to the terms of such obligation either agreed between the 
Original Collateral Obligor or a Governmental Authority and a sufficient number of holders 
of such obligation to bind all holders of such obligation, an amendment to the terms of such 
obligation imposed by a Governmental Authority, the conversion of such obligation into 
another instrument and certain bankruptcy events in respect of the Original Collateral 
Obligor); 
(iii) 
certain tax events with respect to the Notes or the Original Collateral; 
(iv) 
the termination of the Swap Agreement, the Repo Agreement or the SL Agreement; 
(v) 
the bankruptcy of the Swap Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty or the SL Counterparty; 
(vi) 
a change in law following which it becomes unlawful for the Issuer to perform its 
obligations; 
(vii) 
certain disruption events with respect to a relevant Original Collateral Reference Rate; 
(viii) 
certain disruption events with respect to a relevant Reference Rate;  
(ix) 
an Issuer Call Condition being satisfied;  
(x) 
a Noteholder Early Redemption Option being exercised; or 
(xi) 
an Event of Default with respect to the Notes.  
The Issuer shall:  
(A) 
direct the redemption of the Notes with respect to paragraphs (i), (iii), (iv) and (vi) above;  
(B) 
direct the redemption of the Notes with respect to paragraphs (ii), (vii) and (viii) above 
following receipt of a notice from the Calculation Agent determining that an Original 
Collateral Default, an Original Collateral Disruption Event or a Reference Rate Default 
Event has occurred;

--- Page 36 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
36 
(C) 
direct the redemption of the Notes with respect to paragraph (v) above following a 
direction to do so from the Noteholders acting by Extraordinary Resolution;  
(D) 
direct the redemption of the Notes with respect to paragraph (ix) above following receipt 
of an Autocall Termination Notice or an Optional Termination Notice (each as defined in 
the Swap Agreement), as applicable, determining that an Issuer Call Condition has been 
satisfied; and 
(E) 
direct the redemption of the Notes with respect to paragraph (x) above following receipt of 
a valid Noteholder Early Redemption Option Exercise Notice from 100% Noteholders. 
The Trustee may, and shall, following a direction to do so from the Noteholders acting by 
Extraordinary Resolution, direct the redemption of the Notes with respect to paragraph (xi) above, 
subject in each case to the Trustee having been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to 
its satisfaction. 
The Noteholders may also, acting by Extraordinary Resolution and upon the occurrence of an 
event following which the Issuer is able to terminate the Swap Agreement, Repo Agreement or SL 
Agreement, direct the Trustee (who will give a corresponding direction to the Issuer) to so 
terminate the Swap Agreement, the Repo Agreement or the SL Agreement, which will result in the 
redemption of the Notes. 
Neither the Issuer nor any Transaction Party shall have any duty to monitor, enquire or satisfy 
itself as to whether any of the events specified in paragraphs (i) to (x) above has occurred.  
In such circumstances, the Disposal Agent may be required to liquidate the Collateral and/or the 
Trustee may enforce the Security following the occurrence of an Enforcement Event (as the case 
may be) and any Swap Agreement, Repo Agreement or SL Agreement may terminate in 
accordance with its terms (for the impact of an early redemption on the amounts payable to 
Noteholders, see the risk factor titled “Risks relating to the Notes – Amounts payable to 
Noteholders on early redemption” above). 
(l) 
Determinations of Swap Agreement Termination Payments 
Upon early termination of the Swap Agreement (if any), an early termination payment based on 
the losses or costs or, as the case may be, gains of the determining party in entering into a 
replacement transaction or its economic equivalent (or otherwise determined in accordance with 
the terms of such Swap Agreement) will be payable by the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty, or 
(as the case may be) by the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer under the Swap Agreement. Such 
payment will generally be determined by the Swap Counterparty save where it is in default. If the 
Swap Counterparty is in default, the Issuer will need to appoint a substitute calculation agent 
under the Swap Agreement for the purposes of making such determination on the Issuer’s behalf. 
The determination of any such losses or costs or, as the case may be, gains will be dependent on 
a number of factors, including, without limitation, (i) the creditworthiness and liquidity of the assets 
underlying the swap payments, (ii) market perception, interest rates, yields and foreign exchange 
rates, (iii) the time remaining to the scheduled termination date of the Swap Transactions under 
the Swap Agreement and (iv) where a Credit Support Annex has been entered into as part of the 
Swap Agreement, the value of any collateral received by the Issuer, or collateral posted by the 
Issuer, thereunder. The determination of a termination payment and the factors which are taken 
into account in making that determination, may significantly impact amounts payable to 
Noteholders. For the purposes of determining such a termination payment, the relevant party is 
required to act in good faith and to use commercially reasonable procedures to produce a 
commercially reasonable result.

--- Page 37 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
37 
If, for whatever reason, the Issuer or the Swap Counterparty disputes the determination of a 
termination payment, any payment of redemption proceeds to Noteholders will be delayed until 
such dispute is resolved. 
(m) 
Determinations of Repo Agreement Termination Payments and Deliveries 
Upon early termination of the Repo Agreement (if any), an early termination payment, based on 
the market value of the initial collateral sold under the Repo Agreement, the market value of any 
margin posted by the Issuer to the Repo Counterparty or vice versa under the Repo Agreement 
and the repurchase price payable for equivalent collateral, will be payable by the Issuer to the 
Repo Counterparty or (as the case may be) by the Repo Counterparty to the Issuer. Such 
payment will generally be determined by the Repo Counterparty save where it is in default. If the 
Repo Counterparty is in default, the Issuer will need to appoint a calculation agent for the 
purposes of making such determination on the Issuer’s behalf. The market value of the margin 
transferred under the Repo Agreement will be dependent on a number of factors including, without 
limitation, (i) the creditworthiness of the issuers and obligors of such margin, (ii) market 
perception, interest rates, yields and foreign exchange rates, (iii) the time remaining to the 
scheduled maturity of the margin and (iv) the liquidity of the margin. The determination of a 
termination payment and the factors which are taken into account in making that determination, 
may significantly impact amounts payable to Noteholders. For the purposes of determining such a 
termination payment, the relevant party is generally required to act in good faith. 
(n) 
Determinations of SL Agreement Termination Payments and Deliveries 
Upon early termination of the SL Agreement (if any), an early termination payment, based on the 
market value of the securities loaned under the SL Agreement and the market value of any margin 
posted by the Issuer to the SL Counterparty or vice versa under the SL Agreement, will be 
payable by the Issuer to the SL Counterparty or (as the case may be) by the SL Counterparty to 
the Issuer. Such payment will generally be determined by the SL Counterparty save where it is in 
default. If the SL Counterparty is in default, the Issuer will need to appoint a calculation agent for 
the purposes of making such determination on the Issuer’s behalf. The market value of the margin 
transferred under the SL Agreement will be dependent on a number of factors including, without 
limitation, (i) the creditworthiness of the issuers and obligors of such margin, (ii) market 
perception, interest rates, yields and foreign exchange rates, (iii) the time remaining to the 
scheduled maturity of the margin and (iv) the liquidity of the margin. The determination of a 
termination payment and the factors which are taken into account in making that determination, 
may significantly impact amounts payable to Noteholders. However, in determining a termination 
payment, the relevant party is generally required to act in good faith. 
(o) 
Market value of Notes 
The market value of the Notes will be affected by a number of factors, including, but not limited to 
(i) the value and volatility of the Original Collateral and the creditworthiness of the issuers and 
obligors of any Original Collateral, (ii) the value and volatility of any index, securities, commodities 
or other obligations to which payments on the Notes may be linked, directly or indirectly, and the 
creditworthiness of the issuers or obligors in respect of any securities or other obligations to which 
payments on the Notes may be linked, directly or indirectly, (iii) market perception, interest rates, 
yields and foreign exchange rates, (iv) the time remaining to the Maturity Date and (v) the nature 
and liquidity of the Swap Agreement, the Repo Agreement, the SL Agreement or any other 
derivative or repurchase transaction entered into by the Issuer or embedded in the Notes or the 
Original Collateral. Any price at which Notes may be sold prior to the Maturity Date may be at a 
discount, which could be substantial, to the value at which the Notes were acquired on the Issue 
Date.

--- Page 38 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
38 
Prospective investors should be aware that not all market participants would determine prices in 
respect of the Notes in the same manner, and the variation between such prices may be 
substantial. Accordingly, any prices provided by a Programme Dealer may not be representative 
of prices that may be provided by other market participants. For this reason, any price provided or 
quoted by a Programme Dealer should not be viewed or relied upon by prospective investors as 
establishing, or constituting advice by that Programme Dealer concerning, a mark-to-market value 
of the Notes. The price (if any) provided by a Programme Dealer is at the absolute discretion of 
that Programme Dealer and may be determined by reference to such factors as it sees fit. Any 
such price may take into account fees, commissions or arrangements entered into by that 
Programme Dealer with a third party in respect of the Notes and that Programme Dealer shall 
have no obligation to any Noteholder to disclose such arrangements. Any price given would be 
prepared as of a particular date and time and would not therefore reflect subsequent changes in 
market values or any other factors relevant to the determination of the price. 
(p) 
Valuations and calculations derived from models 
Valuations or calculations in respect of Notes and certain asset classes of instruments comprising 
the Collateral relating to Notes have typically been based on quoted market prices or market 
inputs. However, since 2007 actively traded markets for a number of such asset classes and 
obligors have either ceased to exist or have reduced significantly. The lack or limited availability of 
such market prices or inputs has significantly impaired the ability to make accurate valuations or 
calculations in respect of the Notes and such underlying instruments. No assurance can be given 
that similar impairment may not occur in the future. 
In a number of asset classes, a significant reliance has historically been placed on valuations 
derived from models that use inputs that are not observable in the markets and/or that are based 
on historical data and trends. Such models often rely on certain assumptions about the values or 
behaviour of such unobservable inputs or about the behaviour of the markets generally or 
interpolate future outcomes from historical data. In a number of cases, the extent of the market 
volatility and disruption has resulted in the assumptions being incorrect to a significant degree or 
in extreme departures from historical trends. Where reliance is placed on historical data, in certain 
instances such data may only be available for relatively short time periods (for example, data with 
respect to prices in relatively new markets) and such data may not be as statistically 
representative as data for longer periods. 
Prospective investors should be aware of the risks inherent in any valuation or calculation relating 
to the Notes (including any instrument comprising the Collateral relating to the Notes) that is 
determined by reference to a model and that certain assumptions will be made in operating the 
model which may prove to be incorrect and give rise to significantly different outcomes to those 
predicted by the model. 
(q) 
Credit ratings 
Notes may or may not be rated. The applicable Accessory Conditions for any Notes will specify if 
such rating is a condition to issue of such Notes. The rating(s) for a Series will be on the basis of 
the assessment of each relevant Rating Agency of the ratings of the Original Collateral and/or the 
Original Collateral Obligor, the rating of the Swap Counterparty and the Swap Guarantor, the 
rating of the Repo Counterparty, the rating of the SL Counterparty and the terms of the Notes. A 
security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold any Notes, inasmuch as such rating 
does not comment as to market price or suitability for a particular investor. There is no assurance 
that a rating will remain for any given period of time or that a rating will not be lowered or 
withdrawn entirely by a Rating Agency if, in its judgment, circumstances in the future so warrant. If 
a rating initially assigned to any Notes is subsequently lowered for any reason, no person or entity

--- Page 39 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
39 
is obliged to provide any additional support or credit enhancement with respect to such Notes or to 
make any change to the terms of the Notes or any Transaction Document and the market value of 
such Notes is likely to be adversely affected. 
Prospective investors should ensure they understand what any rating associated with the Notes 
(whether of the Notes themselves, of any Original Collateral Obligor (or any guarantor or credit 
support provider in respect thereof), of the Swap Counterparty and the Swap Guarantor, of the 
Repo Counterparty, of the SL Counterparty or of any other party or entity involved in or related to 
the Notes) means and what it addresses and what it does not address. 
The assignment of a rating to the Notes should not be treated by a prospective investor as 
meaning that such investor does not need to make its own investigations into, and determinations 
of, the risks and merits of an investment in the Notes. 
Prospective investors who place too much reliance on ratings, or who do not understand what the 
rating addresses, may make an investment which is of a different type to what was originally 
intended as a result. 
During its holding of a Note, a Noteholder should take such steps as it considers necessary to 
evaluate the ongoing risks and merits of a continued investment in such Note. Such steps should 
not rely solely on ratings. In particular, prospective investors should not rely solely on downgrades 
of ratings as indicators of deteriorating credit. Market indicators (such as rising credit default 
spreads and yield spreads with respect to the relevant entity) often indicate significant credit 
issues prior to any downgrade. During the global financial crisis, rating agencies were the subject 
of criticism from a number of global organisations because the rating agencies were not 
considered to have downgraded entities on a sufficiently timely basis. 
(r) 
Specified Denominations may involve Integral Multiples 
Notes may have Specified Denominations of a certain amount plus one or more integral multiples 
of a smaller amount (the “Integral Multiples”) in excess thereof, in which case (i) for so long as 
the relevant clearing systems so permit, the Notes will be tradable only in the minimum authorised 
denomination of the Specified Denomination and the Integral Multiples and (ii) it is possible that 
the Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of the Specified Denomination that are not integral 
multiples of the Specified Denomination. A Noteholder who, as a result of trading such amounts 
as contemplated in (ii) above, holds an amount which is less than the Specified Denomination in 
its account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may need to purchase a principal 
amount of Notes such that its holding amounts to at least the Specified Denomination in order to 
be able to (A) transfer its Notes (subject in all cases to the rules and procedures of the relevant 
clearing system) or (B) receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes 
be printed). 
(s) 
Application of negative interest rates 
Negative interest rates may apply from time to time in certain circumstances to any cash funds 
held by the Custodian on behalf of the Issuer which (i) have been transferred by the Swap 
Counterparty to the cash account in the name of the Issuer opened in London in the books of the 
Custodian for that Series in respect of the Credit Support Annex (the “CSA Cash Account”) to 
cover its credit risk in accordance with the Credit Support Annex, (ii) have been transferred by the 
Repo Counterparty to the cash account in the name of the Issuer opened in London in the books 
of the Custodian for that Series in respect of the Repo Agreement (the “Repo Cash Account”) to 
cover its credit risk in accordance with the Repo Agreement or (iii) have been transferred by the 
SL Counterparty to the cash account in the name of the Issuer opened in London in the books of

--- Page 40 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
40 
the Custodian for that Series in respect of the SL Agreement (the “SL Cash Account”) to cover its 
credit risk in accordance with the SL Agreement.  
In respect of (i), to the extent that such negative interest rates were to apply, the Swap 
Counterparty will pay an additional amount to the Issuer under the Credit Support Annex. The 
application of any negative interest rates will ultimately be borne by the Swap Counterparty unless 
the Swap Agreement is terminated as a result of an event of default thereunder by either the 
Issuer or the Swap Counterparty or as a result of a Swap Counterparty Bankruptcy Event, in 
which case the reduction in funds held by the Custodian could increase the amount to be claimed 
by the Issuer from (and therefore the credit risk to) the Swap Counterparty under the Swap 
Agreement. 
In respect of (ii), to the extent that such negative interest rates were to apply, the Repo 
Counterparty will pay an additional amount to the Issuer under the Repo Agreement. The 
application of any negative interest rates will ultimately be borne by the Repo Counterparty unless 
the Repo Agreement is terminated as a result of an event of default thereunder by either the 
Issuer or the Repo Counterparty or as a result of a Repo Counterparty Bankruptcy Event, in which 
case the reduction in funds held by the Custodian could increase the amount to be claimed by the 
Issuer from (and therefore the credit risk to) the Repo Counterparty under the Repo Agreement. 
In respect of (iii), to the extent that such negative interest rates were to apply, the SL Counterparty 
will pay an additional amount to the Issuer under the SL Agreement. The application of any 
negative interest rates will ultimately be borne by the SL Counterparty unless the SL Agreement is 
terminated as a result of an event of default thereunder by either the Issuer or the SL 
Counterparty or as a result of an SL Counterparty Bankruptcy Event, in which case the reduction 
in funds held by the Custodian could increase the amount to be claimed by the Issuer from (and 
therefore the credit risk to) the SL Counterparty under the SL Agreement. 
(t) 
Risks associated with Notes paying a fixed rate of interest 
In respect of any Notes for which the coupon is fixed (including Fixed Rate Notes), subsequent 
changes in market interest rates may adversely affect the value of the Notes. A decrease in 
market interest rates will have a positive impact on the value of the Notes, as the rate of interest 
payable on the Notes will remain unchanged. Conversely, an increase in market interest rates will 
have an adverse impact on the value of the Notes. 
(u) 
Risks associated with Notes paying a floating rate of interest 
In respect of any Notes (including Floating Rate Notes) for which the coupon payable by the 
Issuer is determined in part by reference to a designated interest rate, index, benchmark or other 
price source (each a “Reference Rate” for the purposes of such Notes): 
(i) 
the interest rate payable pursuant to the Notes will vary in accordance with the level of the 
Reference Rate; 
(ii) 
during the term of the Notes, the Reference Rate may be lower than it was as at the Issue 
Date; and 
(iii) 
the Reference Rate may be negative, which means that the interest rate payable may be 
less than the margin stated to be payable pursuant to the Notes and could be zero. 
Prospective investors should ensure that they fully understand how the interest rate applicable to 
any Series is determined and, where a Reference Rate is relevant, how such Reference Rate is 
established and administered. See the risk factor titled “Risks relating to the Notes – Benchmark 
reform and the risk of a Reference Rate Event” below for a description of the risks relating to the 
occurrence of a Reference Rate Event in respect of certain Reference Rates.

--- Page 41 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
41 
(v) 
Resolution of financial institutions 
(i) 
Potential impact on the Notes 
Following the global financial crisis, in 2011 the Financial Stability Board (the “FSB”) 
produced a document setting out key attributes of effective resolution regimes for financial 
institutions. Resolution is the process by which the authorities can intervene to manage the 
failure of a firm in an orderly fashion. The FSB’s proposals have been implemented in the 
laws of, among others, the European Union and the United States. 
The taking of any actions by the relevant resolution authorities under any regime may 
adversely affect the Noteholders. Whilst SPIRE itself is unlikely to be within scope of any 
implementing legislation, if the obligor in respect of any Collateral (including the Original 
Collateral Obligor), the Swap Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty or the SL Counterparty 
is within the scope of any implementing legislation: 
(i) 
any applicable bail-in power might be exercised in respect of the Collateral, the 
Swap Agreement, the Repo Agreement or the SL Agreement (as the case may be) 
to convert any claim of the Issuer as against such person; 
(ii) 
any applicable suspension power might prevent the Issuer from exercising any 
termination rights under the Swap Agreement, the Repo Agreement or the SL 
Agreement; or 
(iii) 
any applicable close out power might be exercised to enforce a termination of the 
Swap Agreement, the Repo Agreement or the SL Agreement and to value the 
transactions in respect of such agreements (which value may be different to the 
value that would have been determined by the Issuer, the Swap Counterparty, the 
Repo Counterparty or the SL Counterparty (as the case may be)).  
The operation of resolution regimes and their application to cross-border financial 
institutions is complex and the resolution of any Collateral Obligor, the Swap Counterparty, 
the Repo Counterparty or the SL Counterparty is likely to adversely affect the Notes in 
multiple and unpredictable ways. Following an exercise of any powers by a resolution 
authority, the Issuer may have insufficient assets or sums to meet its obligations under the 
Notes or any Transaction Document for that Series, the Notes may be the subject of an 
early redemption and any payment of redemption proceeds to Noteholders may be 
delayed. Each Noteholder should take such advice as it deems necessary to ensure that it 
understands the impact that a resolution regime may have on its investment in the Notes. 
(ii) 
Qualified financial contracts 
In September 2017, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the “Board of 
Governors”) adopted a final rule (the “Final Rule”) imposing restrictions on the ability of a 
party to call a default under, or to restrict transfers of, certain qualified financial contracts 
(“QFCs”) entered into by any top-tier bank holding company identified by the Board of 
Governors as a global systemically important banking organisation (each, a “GSIB”), the 
subsidiaries of any U.S. GSIB (with certain exceptions) or the U.S. operations of any 
foreign GSIB (with certain exceptions) (collectively, subject to certain exceptions, “Covered 
Entities”). The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation and the Office of the Comptroller of 
the Currency have adopted parallel rules which are substantively the same as the Final 
Rule. A QFC includes, among other things, over-the-counter derivatives, repurchase 
agreements, contracts for the purchase or sale of securities and any credit enhancement in 
respect of the foregoing contracts (including a guarantee as well as a charge, pledge, 
mortgage or other similar credit support arrangement). In respect of each Series, the Swap

--- Page 42 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
42 
Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty, the SL Counterparty, the Dealer and the Vendor may 
be Covered Entities to which the Final Rule applies and the Swap Agreement, the Repo 
Agreement, the SL Agreement, the Dealer Agreement, the Collateral Sale Agreement and 
the Trust Deed (as non-U.S. law governed contracts) are likely to constitute QFCs. 
While the relevant U.S. federal banking laws and regulations (the “U.S. Special Resolution 
Regimes”) provide for such restrictions on default rights and transfers, if the relevant 
contract is not governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States, a 
court outside the United States may decline to enforce such provisions even if a Covered 
Entity is in a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime. To address this, the 
Final Rule requires a Covered Entity to ensure that each QFC it enters into (a “Covered 
QFC”) includes provisions that (i) restrict default rights against such Covered Entity to the 
same extent as provided under the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes and (ii) restrict the 
exercise of any cross-default rights against such Covered Entity based on any affiliate’s 
entry into bankruptcy or similar proceedings. In respect of each Series, each Transaction 
Document which constitutes a Covered QFC will include provisions which reflect these 
requirements and, as a result, the Issuer may face a delay in being able to enforce its rights 
against such a Transaction Party or be restricted from terminating such a Transaction 
Document. 
(w) 
Limited liquidity of the Notes 
Although application may be made to admit the Notes to the Official List and admit them to trading 
on the Regulated Market, or for Notes to be listed and admitted to trading on other or further stock 
exchanges, there is currently no secondary market for the Notes. There can be no assurance that 
a secondary market for any of the Notes will develop, or, if a secondary market does develop, that 
it will provide the holders of the Notes with liquidity or that it will continue for the life of the Notes. 
Consequently, any investor in the Notes must be prepared to hold such Notes for an indefinite 
period of time or until redemption of the Notes or to sell the Notes at significant discounts to their 
fair market value or to the amount originally invested. If a Programme Dealer begins making a 
market for the Notes, it is under no obligation to continue to do so and may stop making such a 
market at any time. 
As disclosed in the section of this Base Prospectus titled “Secondary Market, Swap Counterparty 
Replacement and Swap Close-Out Quotations”, Noteholders may request one or more 
Programme Dealers (irrespective of whether such Programme Dealer acted as the Dealer for the 
relevant Tranche(s) of Notes) to provide a quotation for the cost of buying all or a part of such 
Noteholder’s holding of Notes of a Series. There is no guarantee that a secondary market 
quotation will be provided. Please see the section of this Base Prospectus titled “Secondary 
Market, Swap Counterparty Replacement and Swap Close-Out Quotations” for a summary of the 
conditions to any such quotation being provided; in particular, a Programme Dealer which has not 
acted as the Dealer for the relevant Tranche(s) of Notes will not be required to consider providing 
a quotation in respect of a Series unless, at the relevant time when such quotation is requested, 
“Standard Terms” is specified as “Applicable” in the applicable Accessory Conditions. 
(x) 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls may result in investors receiving less interest 
or principal than expected 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the currency specified in the applicable 
Accessory Conditions (the “Notes Currency”). This presents certain risks relating to currency 
conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or 
currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the Notes Currency. These include the risk 
that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Notes

--- Page 43 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
43 
Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction 
over the Investor’s Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the 
value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the Notes Currency would decrease (i) the Investor’s 
Currency equivalent yield on the Notes, (ii) the Investor’s Currency equivalent value of the 
principal payable on the Notes and (iii) the Investor’s Currency equivalent market value of the 
Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange 
controls that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may 
receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
(y) 
Purchases by Ineligible Investors 
An Ineligible Investor should be aware of the potential consequences of it purchasing Notes. The 
rights of the Issuer are specified in “Master Conditions – Condition 25(a) (Rights of the Issuer)” 
and include the right to compel a Noteholder that is an Ineligible Investor to transfer the relevant 
Notes to the Issuer. The price that will be paid by the Issuer in such a scenario may be less than 
par. In particular, if the specified denomination of the Collateral is such that it could not be 
delivered to the Noteholder in integral multiples, when selling such Collateral, the Issuer shall 
round down the Collateral to be sold, such that the Noteholder will receive less than it would have 
been entitled to on the maturity date of the relevant Notes. 
(z) 
Benchmark reform and the risk of a Reference Rate Event 
Reference Rates, including interest rate benchmarks such as the London Interbank Offered Rate 
(“LIBOR”), Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”) and other interbank offered rates (LIBOR 
and EURIBOR, together with such other rates, “IBORs”), which are and have been used to 
determine the amounts payable under financial instruments or the value of such financial 
instruments have, in recent years, been the subject of political and regulatory scrutiny and reform 
as to how they are created and operated.  
Pursuant to recommendations of the FSB, the FSB’s Official Sector Steering Group (“OSSG”) has 
been working with benchmark administrators to strengthen benchmarks for IBORs, and with 
financial institutions and other market participants to promote the development of alternative 
reference rates (“ARRs”) to be used as replacements to IBORs. ARRs are in response to 
concerns over the sustainability of IBORs and the need for alternative rate options following the 
suspension, discontinuance, non-representativeness or unavailability of one or more of the 
IBORs.  
Some of these reforms are already effective, while others are still to be implemented or 
formulated. The Programme contains fallback provisions relating to these reforms that may impact 
the terms and conditions of any Series of Notes, and/or lead to their early redemption, if certain 
events or circumstances have occurred, or subsequently occur, in connection with a relevant 
Reference Rate. 
(i) 
The cessation or non-representativeness of LIBOR 
In July 2017, the UK Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”) announced that the FCA would 
no longer use its influence or legal powers to persuade or compel contributing banks to 
make LIBOR submissions after the end of 2021. On 5 March 2021, the FCA announced the 
future cessation or loss of representativeness of all 35 LIBOR benchmark settings then 
being published by ICE Benchmark Administration Limited (“IBA”), the authorised and 
regulated administrator of LIBOR (the announcement being the “FCA Announcement”). 
The FCA Announcement followed a notification by IBA that it intended to cease providing

--- Page 44 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
44 
all LIBOR settings for all currencies, subject to any rights of the FCA to compel IBA to 
continue publication. In accordance with the FCA Announcement: 
(A) 
publication of all 7 euro LIBOR settings, all 7 Swiss franc LIBOR settings, the spot 
next, 1-week, 2-month and 12-month Japanese yen LIBOR settings, the overnight, 
1-week, 2-month and 12-month sterling LIBOR settings, and the 1-week and 2-
month USD LIBOR settings ceased immediately after 31 December 2021;  
(B) 
publication of the overnight and 12-month USD LIBOR settings will cease 
immediately after 30 June 2023;  
(C) 
immediately after 31 December 2021, the 1-month, 3-month and 6-month Japanese 
yen LIBOR and sterling LIBOR settings are no longer representative of the 
underlying market and economic reality that such setting is intended to measure and 
that representativeness will not be restored; and 
(D) 
immediately after 30 June 2023, the 1-month, 3-month and 6-month USD LIBOR 
settings will no longer be representative of the underlying market and economic 
reality that such setting is intended to measure and that representativeness will not 
be restored. 
The FCA has also exercised its powers under Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part 
of “retained EU law”, as defined in the EUWA (the “UK Benchmark Regulation”) to compel 
IBA to continue publication of the 1-month, 3-month and 6-month Japanese yen LIBOR and 
sterling LIBOR settings on a ‘synthetic’ basis, in each case for a limited period from 1 
January 2022 onwards. All three settings for synthetic JPY LIBOR will be published for 12 
months only, whilst continued publication of the three sterling LIBOR settings will be subject 
to further review by the FCA, with a view to potentially renewing the requirement for 
continued publication of some, or all, of those settings for a further 12 months before the 
end of 2022. With respect to 1-month, 3-month and 6-month US dollar LIBOR settings, the 
FCA will continue to consider the case for requiring IBA to continue their publication on a 
‘synthetic’ basis after the end of June 2023, taking into account views and evidence from 
the US authorities and other stakeholders.  
It should, however, be noted that the FCA has emphasised that it does not intend to use 
these powers for longer than necessary to ensure an orderly wind-down of LIBOR, as it 
does not view ‘synthetic’ publication as a permanent solution. The FCA has also indicated 
that publication of certain LIBOR settings on a ‘synthetic’ basis is intended to assist legacy 
contract holders only, and use of ‘synthetic’ LIBOR by UK regulated firms for the purposes 
of entering into new contracts is generally prohibited under the UK Benchmark Regulation. 
Consequently, it is not expected that any new issuances of Notes will reference LIBOR 
settings.  
(ii) 
ARRs 
Relevant authorities are strongly encouraging the transition away from IBORs and have 
identified ARRs to take the place of such IBORs as primary benchmarks. These ARRs 
include (i) for sterling LIBOR, a reformed Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”), (ii) 
for EONIA and EURIBOR, a new Euro Short-Term Rate (“€STR”) and (iii) for USD LIBOR, 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (“SOFR”).  
ARRs are “backward-looking” such that interest payments are calculated shortly before the 
relevant Interest Payment Date. Therefore, Noteholders will have significantly less notice of 
the amounts due to be paid for an Interest Period where the relevant interest rate is 
determined by reference to an ARR. Forward-looking ARRs are not generally available as

--- Page 45 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
45 
of the date of this Base Prospectus and there is no certainty that they will be available in 
respect of any currency or any particular product in the future. 
Whilst IBORs are forward-looking term rates that embed bank credit risk, ARRs are 
overnight rates and are intended to be nearly risk-free. However, ARRs are comparatively 
new and less historical data is available than for IBORs. As such, Noteholders should be 
aware that SONIA, SOFR and €STR may behave materially differently from the IBORs as 
interest reference rates and could provide a worse return over time than an IBOR. 
(iii) 
Triggers, fallbacks and amendment rights 
To the extent that any Notes, Swap Agreement, Repo Agreement or SL Agreement relating 
to the Notes of a Series reference a Reference Rate, prospective investors should 
understand (i) what fallbacks might apply in place of such Reference Rate (if any), (ii) when 
those fallbacks will be triggered and (iii) what amendment rights (if any) exist under the 
terms of such Notes, Swap Agreement, Repo Agreement or SL Agreement. Prospective 
investors should also be aware of the consequences of similar events occurring in respect 
of any Original Collateral. See the risk factor titled “Consequence of Original Collateral 
Disruption Event” below.  
(iv) 
Determining the occurrence of a Reference Rate Event 
If a Series references a Reference Rate, there is a risk that a Reference Rate Event might 
have already occurred at the time of issue of such Series or may occur in the future in 
respect of such Reference Rate. A Reference Rate Event is expected to occur if (A) the 
Reference Rate has ceased or will cease to be provided permanently or indefinitely, (B) the 
administrator of the Reference Rate ceases to have the necessary authorisations and as a 
result it is not permitted under applicable law for one or more persons to perform their 
obligations under the Notes and/or any hedge transactions entered into by the Swap 
Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty or the SL Counterparty, (C) the Reference Rate is, 
with respect to over-the-counter derivatives transactions which reference such Reference 
Rate, the subject of any market-wide development pursuant to which such Reference Rate 
is replaced with a risk-free rate (or near risk-free rate) on a specified date, (D) the 
regulatory supervisor of the administrator of the Reference Rate makes or publishes a 
public statement announcing that such Reference Rate is no longer, or as of a specified 
future date will no longer be, representative of the underlying market and economic reality 
that the Reference Rate is intended to measure and that its representativeness will not be 
restored, such statement being made in the awareness that it will engage certain 
contractual triggers for fallbacks activated by pre-cessation announcements by such 
supervisor or (E) if “Material Change Event” is specified to be applicable in the Accessory 
Conditions, the definition, methodology or formula for a Reference Rate, or other means of 
calculating the Reference Rate, has materially changed or as of a specified future date will 
materially change.  
It may be uncertain as to if or when a Reference Rate Event may occur in respect of a 
Reference Rate. Whether a Reference Rate Event has occurred will be determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
Investors should be aware that if “Material Change Event” is specified to be not applicable 
in the Accessory Conditions, a change (whether material or not) to the definition, 
methodology or formula for a Reference Rate, or other means of calculating such 
Reference Rate will not, in itself, constitute a Reference Rate Event unless, with respect to 
Notes issued by way of Pricing Terms only, otherwise specified in the applicable Pricing

--- Page 46 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
46 
Terms. Each Noteholder will bear the risks arising from any such change and will not be 
entitled to any form of compensation as a result of any such change. 
(v) 
Consequences of the occurrence of a Reference Rate Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Reference Rate Event has occurred in respect of 
a relevant Reference Rate, it will attempt to (A) identify an alternative Reference Rate, (B) 
calculate an adjustment spread that will be applied to the alternative Reference Rate (an 
“Adjustment Spread”) and (C) determine such other amendments which it considers are 
necessary or appropriate in order to account for the effect of the replacement of the 
Reference Rate with an alternative Reference Rate (as adjusted by the Adjustment Spread) 
and/or to preserve as closely as practicable the economic equivalence of the Notes before 
and after the replacement of the Reference Rate with an alternative Reference Rate (as 
adjusted by the Adjustment Spread).  
Investors should be aware that (I) the application of any alternative Reference Rate 
(notwithstanding the inclusion of any Adjustment Spread), together with any consequential 
amendments, could result in the relevant interest rate being determined on a different day 
than originally intended and/or a lower amount being payable to Noteholders than would 
otherwise have been the case, (II) any such Reference Rate (as adjusted by any 
Adjustment Spread) and any consequential amendments shall apply without requiring the 
consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders and (III) if no alternative Reference Rate 
can be identified or Adjustment Spread calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the Conditions, the Notes will be the subject of an early redemption. There is no 
guarantee that an alternative Reference Rate will be identified or that an Adjustment 
Spread will be calculated by the Calculation Agent.  
(vi) 
Determination of alternative Reference Rate and any Adjustment Spread 
When identifying alternative Reference Rates, the Calculation Agent may only have regard 
to (A) any alternative specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions or (B) Reference 
Rates that are recognised or acknowledged as being industry standard replacements for 
over-the-counter derivative transactions. If both an alternative Reference Rate is specified 
in the applicable Accessory Conditions and an industry standard replacement Reference 
Rate exists, the alternative Reference Rate specified in the applicable Accessory 
Conditions will take precedence. 
The Adjustment Spread shall (I) take account of any transfer of economic value that would 
otherwise arise as a result of replacing the relevant Reference Rate under the Conditions, 
including any transfer of economic value from the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty and/or 
the Repo Counterparty (or vice versa) as a result of any changes made to the Swap 
Agreement and the Repo Agreement as a consequence of such replacement and (II) reflect 
any losses, expenses and costs that have been or that will be incurred by the Swap 
Counterparty and/or the Repo Counterparty as a result of entering into, maintaining and/or 
unwinding any transactions to hedge the Swap Counterparty’s obligations under the Swap 
Transactions under the Swap Agreement and/or the Repo Counterparty’s obligations under 
the Repo Transactions under the Repo Agreement (as applicable), which actions arose 
from the replacement under the Notes of the Reference Rate with the Replacement 
Reference Rate. The spread may be positive, negative or zero or determined pursuant to a 
formula or methodology. 
Where the Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes is determined in accordance 
with Condition 7(b)(iii) or Condition 7(b)(iv), as applicable, by reference to an ISDA Rate, if 
the Reference Rate Event would constitute an index cessation event under the 2006 ISDA

--- Page 47 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
47 
Definitions (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the provisions of Supplement number 70 
to the 2006 ISDA Definitions) or the 2021 ISDA Definitions, as applicable, then the fallback 
provisions of the applicable ISDA Definitions (including the fallback spread adjustment 
published by Bloomberg) shall be taken into account by the Calculation Agent when 
determining any Replacement Reference Rate and Adjustment Spread. Given the different 
factors that will inform the Adjustment Spread, it may differ from the relevant fallback 
spread adjustment published by Bloomberg in respect of the relevant Reference Rate. 
(vii) 
Interim measures 
If, following a Reference Rate Event and provided that the Notes are not to be redeemed 
early as a result thereof, the relevant Reference Rate is required for any determination in 
respect of the Notes before the adjustments referred to above have occurred, then: 
(A) 
if the Reference Rate is still available and representative, and it is still permitted 
under applicable law or regulation for the Notes to reference the Reference Rate, the 
level of the Reference Rate shall be determined pursuant to the terms that would 
apply to the determination of the Reference Rate as if no Reference Rate Event had 
occurred; or 
(B) 
if the Reference Rate is no longer available, the Reference Rate is non-
representative or it is no longer permitted under applicable law or regulation for the 
Notes to reference the Reference Rate, the level of the Reference Rate shall be 
determined by reference to the level on the last day on which the rate was published, 
representative or could be used in accordance with applicable law or regulation, 
meaning that during this period determinations in respect of the Notes would be 
made by reference to a static rate that could depart significantly from prevailing 
market rates. 
To the extent that any Notes, Swap Agreement or Repo Agreement relating to the Notes of 
a Series reference a Reference Rate with respect to which a Reference Rate Event has 
occurred or is likely to occur during the term of such Notes, prospective investors should be 
aware of the potential consequences of such a Reference Rate Event described above. 
Prospective investors should also be aware of the consequences of similar events 
occurring in respect of any Original Collateral. See the risk factor titled “Consequence of 
Original Collateral Disruption Event” below. 
(aa) 
Impact of increased regulation 
The global financial crisis led to a materially increased involvement of governmental and 
regulatory authorities in the financial sector and in the operation of financial institutions. In 
particular, governmental and regulatory authorities in a number of jurisdictions (including the 
United States of America and the European Union) have imposed stricter laws and regulations 
around certain financial activities and/or have indicated that they intend to impose such controls in 
the future. Such regulatory changes and the method of their implementation may have a 
significant impact on the operation of the financial markets. It is uncertain how a changed 
regulatory environment will affect the Issuer, the treatment of instruments such as the Notes and, 
for any Series, the Swap Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty, the SL Counterparty and the other 
Transaction Parties. Consequences may include the occurrence of a Regulatory Requirement 
Event (as described in the risk factor titled “Risks relating to the Notes – Modifications following a 
Regulatory Requirement Event” below), or termination of the Swap Agreement, the Repo 
Agreement or the SL Agreement following the occurrence of certain regulatory events (as 
described in the sections of this Base Prospectus titled “The Swap Agreement – Termination

--- Page 48 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
48 
Events”, “The Repo Agreement – Events of Default” and “The SL Agreement – Events of 
Default”). 
(bb) 
Modifications following a Regulatory Requirement Event 
The Issuer shall amend the Conditions and the terms of any Transaction Document without the 
consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders if the Calculation Agent determines that such 
amendments are required in order to cause (i) the transactions contemplated by the Conditions 
and the Transaction Documents to be compliant with all Relevant Regulatory Laws, (ii) the Issuer 
and each Transaction Party to be compliant with all Relevant Regulatory Laws or (iii) the Issuer 
and each Transaction Party to be able to continue to transact future business (as issuer of Notes 
or as a transaction party to the Issuer pursuant to the Programme) in compliance with all Relevant 
Regulatory Laws. Such amendments may only be made without the consent of the Noteholders 
and the Couponholders if certain criteria set out in the Conditions are satisfied, including that such 
modifications will not (A) amend the dates of maturity or redemption of the Notes, any Instalment 
Date or any date for payment of interest or Interest Amounts on the Notes, (B) reduce or cancel 
the principal amount of, or any Instalment Amount of, or any premium payable on redemption of, 
the Notes, (C) reduce the rate or rates of interest in respect of the Notes or vary the method or 
basis of calculating the rate or rates or amount of interest or the basis for calculating any Interest 
Amount in respect of the Notes, (D) vary any method of, or basis for, calculating the Final 
Redemption Amount or the Early Redemption Amount, (E) exchange or substitute the Original 
Collateral or (F) have a material adverse effect on the validity, legality or enforceability of the 
Security or on the priority and ranking of the Security. 
Amendments made as a result of a Regulatory Requirement Event may not be beneficial to the 
Issuer or the Noteholders and could put the Issuer (and, indirectly, the Noteholders) in a position 
that is less advantageous than the position it had immediately prior to effecting such amendments. 
3 
Risks relating to the assets 
(a) 
Collateral 
The Collateral relating to any Notes will be subject to credit, liquidity and interest rate risks. In the 
event of an insolvency of an issuer or obligor in respect of any Collateral, various insolvency and 
related laws applicable to such issuer or obligor may (directly or indirectly) limit the amount the 
Issuer or the Trustee may recover in respect of such Collateral. The obligor of any Collateral may 
also be subject to a resolution regime (see the risk factor titled “Risks relating to the Notes – 
Resolution of financial institutions” above). 
Depending on the type of the Collateral, there might only be limited liquidity for such assets and 
generally, but especially in times of financial distress, the Collateral may either not be saleable at 
all or may only be saleable at significant discounts to its fair market value or to the amount 
originally invested. 
If the Issuer has entered into a Repo Agreement, an SL Agreement or a Credit Support Annex as 
part of its Swap Agreement, by virtue of the collateral requirements applicable to any such 
arrangements, the Collateral held by it from time to time may comprise assets other than, or in 
addition to, the Original Collateral, or may comprise less Collateral than the amount held by it on 
the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Series (as may be adjusted on each subsequent Issue 
Date), as assets will be required to be delivered by the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty, Repo 
Counterparty or SL Counterparty (as applicable) which have an aggregate value (after the 
application of any relevant haircut) at least equal to the exposure that the Swap Counterparty has 
to the Issuer under the Swap Agreement, the Repo Counterparty under the Repo Agreement or 
the SL Counterparty has under the SL Agreement (as applicable). If the Issuer holds other or

--- Page 49 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
49 
additional assets, the types of assets that may comprise Collateral may be diverse and may be 
less liquid and more volatile than the Original Collateral.  
If:  
(i) 
pursuant to the terms of the Credit Support Annex, cash is posted to the Issuer (which will 
be credited to the CSA Cash Account), interest (if any) will accrue in accordance with the 
Custodian’s deposit terms and conditions. Such interest rate may be positive (in which case 
interest will be credited to the CSA Cash Account) or negative (in which case the Swap 
Counterparty will pay an additional amount to the Issuer under the Credit Support Annex); 
(ii) 
pursuant to the terms of the Repo Agreement, cash is posted to the Issuer (which will be 
credited to the Repo Cash Account), interest (if any) will accrue in accordance with the 
Custodian’s deposit terms and conditions. Such interest rate may be positive (in which case 
interest will be credited to the Repo Cash Account) or negative (in which case the Repo 
Counterparty will pay an additional amount to the Issuer under the Repo Agreement); or 
(iii) 
pursuant to the terms of the SL Agreement, cash is posted to the Issuer (which will be 
credited to the SL Cash Account), interest (if any) will accrue in accordance with the 
Custodian’s deposit terms and conditions. Such interest rate may be positive (in which case 
interest will be credited to the SL Cash Account) or negative (in which case the SL 
Counterparty will pay an additional amount to the Issuer under the SL Agreement). 
See the risk factor titled “Risks relating to the Notes – Application of negative interest rates” 
above. 
If Notes redeem other than on the Maturity Date, the Collateral relating thereto will be Liquidated. 
No assurance can be given as to the amount of proceeds of any Liquidation of such Collateral at 
that time since the market value of such Collateral will be affected by a number of factors including 
but not limited to (i) the creditworthiness of the issuers and obligors of the Collateral, (ii) market 
perception, interest rates, yields and foreign exchange rates, (iii) the time remaining to the 
scheduled maturity of the Collateral and (iv) the liquidity of the Collateral. Accordingly, the price at 
which such Collateral is sold or liquidated may be at a discount, which could be substantial, to the 
market value of the Collateral on the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Series (or any 
subsequent Issue Date (as applicable)) and the proceeds of any such sale or liquidation when 
taken together with the proceeds of termination of any related Swap Agreement, Repo Agreement 
and SL Agreement (as applicable) and any other assets available to the Issuer that relate to the 
relevant Series may not be sufficient to repay the full amount of principal of and interest on the 
relevant Notes that the holders of such Notes would expect to receive if the Notes were redeemed 
in accordance with their terms on their Maturity Date. 
(b) 
Original Collateral subordination 
The Original Collateral relating to any Notes may (but is not required to) comprise direct, 
unconditional, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Original Collateral Obligor. In the 
event of any dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the Original Collateral Obligor, in bankruptcy 
or otherwise, the payment of principal and interest on any such subordinated Original Collateral 
will be subordinated to the prior payment in full of all the Original Collateral Obligor’s present and 
future unsubordinated creditors. As a result of the subordinated nature of such Original Collateral, 
the value attributed thereto by dealers in the market is likely to be substantially less than the value 
attributed to unsubordinated debt obligations of the Original Collateral Obligor. In particular, the 
value of such Original Collateral will be affected if the Original Collateral Obligor is or is likely to be 
dissolved, liquidated or wound up (which may occur in conjunction with an Original Collateral 
Default) and could be zero. The value of the Original Collateral is an integral component of the

--- Page 50 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
50 
Early Redemption Amount that will be payable on the Notes were they to be redeemed early and 
will directly impact the return of the Noteholders upon early redemption. 
(c) 
Suspension of payments under the Notes, the Swap Agreement, the Repo Agreement and 
the SL Agreement during the Original Collateral Default Suspension Period 
The payment obligations of the Issuer under the Notes will be suspended for up to 10 Reference 
Business Days pursuant to the provisions of “Master Conditions – Condition 8(r) (Suspension of 
Payments and Calculations)” if the Calculation Agent determines that facts exist which may 
amount to an Original Collateral Default following the expiration of any applicable grace period. 
During the Original Collateral Default Suspension Period (i) the Issuer shall make no payments on 
account of principal and/or interest under the Notes, (ii) neither the Issuer nor the Swap 
Counterparty shall make any payments or deliveries under the Swap Agreement, (iii) neither the 
Issuer nor the Repo Counterparty shall make any payments or deliveries under the Repo 
Agreement and (iv) neither the Issuer nor the SL Counterparty shall make any payments or 
deliveries under the SL Agreement.  
If an Original Collateral Default (i) occurs during the Original Collateral Default Suspension Period 
then no further payments will be made under the Notes in respect of principal and/or interest and 
the Notes will be redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount or (ii) has not occurred on the final 
Reference Business Day of the Original Collateral Default Suspension Period, any principal and/or 
interest amount which would otherwise have been payable will be payable on the second 
Reference Business Day following the earlier of (A) the final Reference Business Day of such 
Original Collateral Default Suspension Period or (B) the date on which the Calculation Agent 
determines that the events which may have resulted in the Original Collateral Default have been 
remedied or no longer exist. 
Noteholders will not be entitled to receive any further payments as a result of such suspension 
and the corresponding delay in payment of any principal and/or interest amount (including, without 
limitation, any default interest). 
(d) 
Likelihood of Original Collateral Default 
The likelihood of an Original Collateral Default occurring will generally fluctuate with, among other 
things, the financial condition and other characteristics of the Original Collateral Obligor, general 
economic conditions, the condition of certain financial markets, political events, developments or 
trends in any particular industry and changes in prevailing interest rates. Prospective investors 
should review the Original Collateral Obligor and conduct their own investigation and analysis with 
respect to the creditworthiness of the Original Collateral Obligor and the likelihood of the 
occurrence of an Original Collateral Default. 
(e) 
No claim against any Original Collateral Obligor 
The Notes will not represent a claim against the Original Collateral Obligor and, in the event of any 
loss, a Noteholder will not have recourse under the Notes to the Original Collateral Obligor. 
(f) 
Consequence of Original Collateral Disruption Event 
If an Original Collateral Disruption Event occurs (being, in summary, the adjustment or 
replacement of any interest rate, index, benchmark or price source by reference to which any 
amount payable under the Original Collateral is determined), the Calculation Agent may deliver a 
notice to the Issuer requiring it to (i) amend the terms of the Notes or (ii) redeem the Notes. 
The purpose of any such amendments (the “Original Collateral Disruption Event 
Amendments”) must be to account for any Original Collateral Disruption Event Losses/Gains 
incurred by the Swap Counterparty and/or the Repo Counterparty and/or the SL Counterparty,

--- Page 51 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
51 
which will typically be determined by reference to any difference between the cash flows under the 
Original Collateral and any transactions in place to hedge the Swap Counterparty’s obligations 
under the Swap Transactions under the Swap Agreement and/or the Repo Counterparty’s 
obligations under the Repo Transactions under the Repo Agreement and/or the SL Counterparty’s 
obligations under the SL Transactions under the SL Agreement (as applicable) which have 
resulted following the occurrence of an Original Collateral Disruption Event. If there are no such 
hedge transactions, the Original Collateral Disruption Event Losses/Gains will include any change 
to the amounts scheduled to be paid by the Original Collateral Obligor pursuant to the terms of the 
Original Collateral following the occurrence of an Original Collateral Disruption Event. 
The Original Collateral Disruption Event Amendments may result in any interest amount and/or 
principal amount payable pursuant to the Notes being increased or decreased. Consequently, 
amendments made as a result of an Original Collateral Disruption Event may not be beneficial to 
the Noteholders. 
4 
Risks relating to the Transaction Parties 
(a) 
Risks relating to the Swap Counterparty, the Swap Guarantor and the Swap Agreement 
and/or the Repo Counterparty and the Repo Agreement and/or the SL Counterparty and the 
SL Agreement 
(i) 
The Swap Counterparty, the Swap Guarantor, the Repo Counterparty and the SL 
Counterparty  
The ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Notes may depend on the receipt 
by it of payments under the Swap Agreement, the Repo Agreement and/or the SL 
Agreement. Consequently, the Issuer is exposed not only to the occurrence of an Original 
Collateral Default and the volatility in the market value of the Collateral, but also to the 
ability of the Swap Counterparty and/or the Swap Guarantor to perform their obligations 
under the Swap Agreement, the Repo Counterparty to perform its obligations under the 
Repo Agreement and/or the SL Counterparty to perform its obligations under the SL 
Agreement.  
Default by the Swap Counterparty, the Swap Guarantor, the Repo Counterparty and/or the 
SL Counterparty may result in the termination of the Swap Agreement, the Repo 
Agreement and/or the SL Agreement and, in such circumstance, any amount due to the 
Issuer upon such termination may not be paid in full. 
If on the termination of the Swap Agreement, the Repo Agreement or the SL Agreement an 
amount is payable by the Swap Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty or the SL 
Counterparty to the Issuer (for the avoidance of doubt, taking into account any collateral 
posted between the parties pursuant to the terms of any Credit Support Annex, the Repo 
Agreement or the SL Agreement), then the Issuer shall have an unsecured claim against 
the Swap Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty and/or the SL Counterparty for such 
amount. 
The receipt by the Issuer of payments and/or deliveries under the Swap Agreement and/or 
the Repo Agreement and/or the SL Agreement is also dependent on the timely payment 
and/or delivery by the Issuer of its obligations under the Swap Agreement and/or the Repo 
Agreement and/or the SL Agreement. Consequently, the ability of the Issuer to make timely 
payment and/or delivery of its obligations under the Swap Agreement and/or the Repo 
Agreement and/or the SL Agreement (and not simply the Notes) depends on receipt by it of 
the scheduled payments under and/or deliveries of the Original Collateral (in the case of the 
Swap Agreement, any collateral it has purchased under a Repo Transaction (in the case of

--- Page 52 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
52 
the Repo Agreement) and any collateral it has received under an SL Agreement (in the 
case of the SL Agreement). 
The Swap Counterparty and/or the Repo Counterparty and/or the SL Counterparty may 
also be subject to a resolution regime (see the risk factor titled “Risks relating to the Notes 
– Resolution of financial institutions” above). 
(ii) 
Termination of the Swap Agreement, the Repo Agreement or the SL Agreement 
In the circumstances specified in any Swap Agreement, the Repo Agreement and/or the SL 
Agreement entered into by the Issuer in connection with the Notes, the Issuer or the Swap 
Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty and/or the SL Counterparty may terminate all 
outstanding Swap Transactions under the Swap Agreement, the Repo Transactions under 
the Repo Agreement and/or the SL Transactions under the SL Agreement in full, as 
described in the sections of this Base Prospectus titled “The Swap Agreement”, “The Repo 
Agreement” and “The SL Agreement”. Any termination of the Swap Transactions under a 
Swap Agreement, Repo Transactions under a Repo Agreement or the SL Transactions 
under an SL Agreement will result in a redemption in full of the Notes of the relevant Series 
at their Early Redemption Amount. Upon any such redemption, the amount paid to 
Noteholders to redeem such Notes may be significantly less than the Noteholder’s original 
investment in such Notes and may be zero. 
(iii) 
Transfer by the Swap Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty or the SL Counterparty 
In respect of a Series, the Swap Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty and/or the SL 
Counterparty will require the prior written consent of the Issuer and the Trustee (and, if 
such Series is rated, the affirmation from each Rating Agency then rating the Notes of the 
Series) in order to transfer its interests and obligations in or under the Swap Agreement, 
the Repo Agreement or the SL Agreement (as applicable), except where: 
(A) 
such transfer is pursuant to a consolidation or amalgamation with, or merger with 
or into, or reorganisation, incorporation, reincorporation, reconstitution, or 
reformation into or transfer of all or substantially all its assets to, another entity; 
(B) 
such transfer is of all or any part of its interest in (i) in relation to a Swap 
Agreement, any Early Termination Amount payable to it by the Issuer as a 
defaulting party, (ii) in relation to a Repo Agreement, any sum payable to it by the 
Issuer following application of set-off in accordance with the provisions of 
paragraph 10 of the Repo Agreement or (iii) in relation to an SL Agreement, any 
sum payable to it by the Issuer following application of set-off in accordance with 
the provisions of paragraph 11 of the GMSLA Master Agreement; 
(C) 
it is an Affected Programme Dealer or an Expelled Programme Dealer or is an 
Affiliate of an Affected Programme Dealer or an Expelled Programme Dealer and 
is making such a transfer to any Programme Swap Counterparty, Programme 
Repo Counterparty or Programme SL Counterparty, provided that holders of 100 
per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes of the relevant Series then 
outstanding have provided their prior written consent; or 
(D) 
such transfer is to any Affiliate of the Swap Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty 
and/or the SL Counterparty (provided that, if such Series is rated, such transferee, 
or any credit support provider thereto, has a rating not less than that of (i) in 
relation to a Swap Agreement, the relevant transferring Swap Counterparty or (if 
higher) the rating of any credit support provider thereto, (ii) in relation to a Repo 
Agreement, the relevant transferring Repo Counterparty and (iii) in relation to an

--- Page 53 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
53 
SL Agreement, the relevant transferring SL Counterparty, in each case at the time 
of transfer).  
For the purposes of paragraph (iii) above, to determine whether the Swap Counterparty, the 
Repo Counterparty and/or the SL Counterparty is an “Affected Programme Dealer” or an 
“Expelled Programme Dealer”, the definitions of “Affected Programme Dealer” and 
“Expelled Programme Dealer”, respectively, in the risk factor titled “Risks relating to the 
Notes – Modification, waivers and substitution” above shall apply, save that references to 
“such Dealer” and “a Dealer” shall be construed as references to “such Swap Counterparty” 
and “a Swap Counterparty”, “such Repo Counterparty” and “a Repo Counterparty” or “such 
SL Counterparty” and “an SL Counterparty” (as applicable), respectively. 
Following any such transfer, the Noteholders will be exposed to the credit risk of the 
transferee Swap Counterparty, Repo Counterparty or SL Counterparty (as applicable). Prior 
to giving consent to a proposed transfer, the Noteholders should consider the risks outlined 
in the risk factor titled “Risks relating to the Transaction Parties – Risks relating to the Swap 
Counterparty, the Swap Guarantor and the Swap Agreement and/or the Repo Counterparty 
and the Repo Agreement and/or the SL Counterparty and the SL Agreement – The Swap 
Counterparty, the Swap Guarantor the Repo Counterparty and the SL Counterparty” above 
in relation to the proposed transferee.  
(iv) 
Swap Counterparty Replacement 
As disclosed in the section of this Base Prospectus titled “Secondary Market, Swap 
Counterparty Replacement and Swap Close-Out Quotations”, if the Swap Agreement in 
respect of a Series is terminated because an event of default has occurred with respect to 
the Swap Counterparty, a replacement swap agreement may be entered into as an 
alternative to the Notes being subject to an early redemption. Noteholders should be aware 
that this function is only applicable in respect of a Series if, at the relevant time when such 
quotation is requested, “Standard Terms” and “Replacement Swap Counterparty 
Mechanics” are specified as “Applicable” in the applicable Accessory Conditions. 
Furthermore, there is no guarantee that a replacement swap agreement will be entered 
into. Please see the section of this Base Prospectus titled “Secondary Market, Swap 
Counterparty Replacement and Swap Close-Out Quotations” for a summary of the 
conditions to any such agreement being entered into. Noteholders should also be aware 
that (i) the proposed replacement swap counterparty may be prohibited or restricted from 
doing so pursuant to bankruptcy, insolvency or liquidation laws and (ii) the terms of the 
replacement swap agreement, in particular the terms of any collateral arrangements 
relating to such swap agreement, may not be the same as those for the original Swap 
Agreement. 
(v) 
Credit Support Annex 
If specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions, the Issuer will also enter into a Credit 
Support Annex with the Swap Counterparty in respect of the Notes. Please see the section 
of this Base Prospectus titled “The Swap Agreement” for a summary of the provisions of the 
Credit Support Annex. 
Any collateral transferred from the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty under the Credit 
Support Annex (“Issuer CSA Posted Collateral”) will be delivered on a title transfer basis 
and will be taken from the Collateral, and will therefore reduce the overall pool of Collateral 
securing the Issuer’s obligations under the Notes. If “Delivery Cap” is specified as 
“Applicable” in the applicable Accessory Conditions, the Issuer’s obligation to transfer 
collateral will effectively be limited to the Collateral that the Issuer has in respect of the

--- Page 54 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
54 
Series. If “Delivery Cap” is specified as “Not Applicable” in the applicable Accessory 
Conditions, such limitation shall not apply and, accordingly, there is a possibility that the 
Collateral available to the Issuer for transfer might not be sufficient to enable the Issuer to 
satisfy its delivery obligations under the Credit Support Annex. This would be in a case 
where the exposure of the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer under the Swap Agreement 
exceeds the aggregate value (for purposes of the Credit Support Annex and taking into 
account any applicable haircuts) of the Collateral held by the Issuer and the Issuer CSA 
Posted Collateral at that time. Any failure of the Issuer to make deliveries required under 
the Credit Support Annex in full would comprise an event of default under the Swap 
Agreement if not remedied within the time period therein and would entitle the Swap 
Counterparty to terminate the Swap Agreement. Such termination would result in an early 
redemption of the relevant Series. 
Swap Counterparty CSA Posted Collateral may be subject to volatility in their prices and 
subject to credit and liquidity risks. No investigations, searches or other enquiries will be 
made by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Swap Counterparty CSA Posted 
Collateral and no representations or warranties, express or implied, are or will be given by 
the Issuer or any other person to Noteholders in relation to any Swap Counterparty CSA 
Posted Collateral. 
Due to fluctuations in the value of the Swap Agreement and of the value of any Swap 
Counterparty CSA Posted Collateral or Issuer CSA Posted Collateral and to the thresholds 
and minimum transfer amounts in the Credit Support Annex: 
(A) 
the value of the Swap Counterparty CSA Posted Collateral at any time may not be 
sufficient to cover the amount that would otherwise be payable by the Swap 
Counterparty on termination of the Swap Agreement; and 
(B) 
the value of the Issuer CSA Posted Collateral at any time could exceed the amount 
that the Issuer would otherwise owe to the Swap Counterparty on termination of 
the Swap Agreement.  
Following a termination of the Swap Agreement, in respect of both paragraphs (A) and (B) 
above, a net amount would be payable from the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer. If the 
Swap Counterparty were insolvent, such amount would rank as an unsecured claim against 
the Swap Counterparty and there may insufficient Collateral securing the Issuer’s 
obligations under the Notes. By way of example of paragraph (ii) above, if the termination 
amount under the Swap Agreement would be U.S.$10,000,000 payable by the Issuer to the 
Swap Counterparty, but the Issuer had transferred Issuer CSA Posted Collateral to the 
Swap Counterparty worth U.S.$12,000,000, then on a termination the Swap Counterparty 
would owe the net sum of U.S.$2,000,000 to the Issuer and the Issuer would be an 
unsecured creditor of the Swap Counterparty for that amount. 
If it is determined that the Swap Counterparty must transfer additional collateral to the 
Issuer, there may be a period prior to the transfer of such collateral in which the value of 
the Swap Counterparty CSA Posted Collateral transferred to the Issuer under the Credit 
Support Annex is less than the amount that would be payable by the Swap Counterparty to 
the Issuer if the Swap Agreement were to terminate. In such circumstances, which are 
similar to those specified in paragraph (i) above, there may be insufficient Collateral 
securing the Issuer’s obligations under the Notes. 
The Issuer is exposed to movements in the value of the Swap Agreement, the Issuer CSA 
Posted Collateral or the Swap Counterparty CSA Posted Collateral (as the case may be),

--- Page 55 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
55 
and to the creditworthiness of the Swap Counterparty and any obligor of Swap 
Counterparty CSA Posted Collateral. 
Investing in the Notes will not make an investor the owner of any cash or securities 
comprising the Swap Counterparty CSA Posted Collateral. Any amounts payable on the 
Notes will be made in cash and the holders of the Notes will have no right to receive 
delivery of any securities comprising the Swap Counterparty CSA Posted Collateral. 
Investors should also note that the Credit Support Annex contains provisions that enable a 
party to deliver a notice that items that then comprise eligible collateral under the Credit 
Support Annex will cease to be eligible. Such notice can be delivered if a party to the Credit 
Support Annex determines that the relevant items either have ceased to satisfy, or as of a 
specified date will cease to satisfy, collateral eligibility requirements under laws applicable 
to the recipient of such collateral requiring the collection of variation margin. Any non-
eligible credit support will be given a zero value. If the Swap Counterparty delivers such a 
notice to the Issuer, the Issuer is unlikely to have any other Collateral available to it to 
provide to the Swap Counterparty as eligible collateral under the Credit Support Annex and, 
as a result, such legal ineligibility would be likely to lead to an event of default under the 
Swap Agreement if not remedied within the time period therein and would entitle the Swap 
Counterparty to terminate the Swap Agreement. Such termination would result in an early 
redemption of the relevant Series. 
(vi) 
SFTR (Article 15) title transfer collateral arrangements risk disclosure 
In respect of each Series, the Issuer may enter into one or more “title transfer collateral 
arrangements” (as defined in Article 2(1) of Directive 2002/47/EC under EU SFTR (as 
defined below) and regulation 3 of the Financial Collateral Arrangements (No.2) 
Regulations 2003 under UK SFTR (as defined below) (each such arrangement, a “Title 
Transfer Arrangement”) with a counterparty (as the “Title Transfer Counterparty”), as 
specified in the Accessory Conditions in respect of the relevant Series. The Credit Support 
Annex, the Repo Agreement and the SL Agreement will each constitute Title Transfer 
Arrangements.  
Under (i) Article 15 of Regulation (EU) 2015/2365 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 25 November 2015 on transparency of securities financing transactions and of 
reuse and amending Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 (as amended from time to time) (“EU 
SFTR”) and (ii) Article 15 of EU SFTR as it forms part of “retained EU law,” as defined in 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK SFTR”, and together with EU SFTR, 
“SFTR”), the transferee of securities under any Title Transfer Arrangement is required to 
inform the transferor of such securities of the general risks and consequences that may be 
involved in entering into a Title Transfer Arrangement. Such risks are detailed below and 
are also relevant for Noteholders even though they will not be directly party to any Title 
Transfer Arrangement, particularly in circumstances where the Issuer is a transferor of 
securities under a Title Transfer Arrangement. 
In the section below, the person that transfers securities under a Title Transfer 
Arrangement is referred to as the “Transferor”, the person to whom such securities are 
transferred is referred to as the “Transferee” and the securities so transferred are referred 
to as the “Securities Collateral” 
(A) 
Loss of proprietary rights in Securities Collateral 
The rights, including any proprietary rights, that a Transferor has in Securities 
Collateral transferred to a Transferee will be replaced (subject to any security

--- Page 56 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
56 
granted by the Transferee) by an unsecured contractual claim for delivery of 
equivalent Securities Collateral, subject to the terms of the Title Transfer 
Arrangement. If the Transferee becomes insolvent or defaults under the Title 
Transfer Arrangement, the Transferor’s claim for delivery of equivalent Securities 
Collateral will not be secured and will be subject to the terms of the Title Transfer 
Arrangement and applicable law. Consequently, the Transferor may not receive such 
equivalent Securities Collateral (although the Transferor’s exposure may be reduced 
to the extent that its liabilities to the Transferee under such Title Transfer 
Arrangement can be netted or set-off against the obligation of the Transferee to 
deliver equivalent Securities Collateral to the Transferor). 
Where the Issuer is the Transferor, upon transfer of the Securities Collateral, such 
securities will cease to form part of the Mortgaged Property so Noteholders will no 
longer have the benefit of security over such securities. If the Title Transfer 
Counterparty (as Transferee) becomes insolvent or otherwise defaults, the 
Mortgaged Property will not include equivalent Securities Collateral which the Issuer 
might otherwise have been expecting to receive. In these circumstances, 
Noteholders should be aware that the net proceeds of realisation of the Mortgaged 
Property may be insufficient to cover amounts that would otherwise be due under the 
Notes and consequently the Noteholders are exposed to the credit risk of the Title 
Transfer Counterparty (as Transferee). 
The Title Transfer Counterparty will not have any proprietary rights in the Securities 
Collateral transferred to the Issuer. If the Issuer defaults under the Title Transfer 
Arrangement, the Title Transfer Counterparty’s claim for delivery of equivalent 
Securities Collateral will, as a result of the applicable payment waterfall, be 
subordinated to prior ranking claims of certain other Secured Creditors in respect of 
the Mortgaged Property. Consequently, the Transferor may not receive the 
equivalent Securities Collateral (although the Transferor’s exposure may be reduced 
to the extent that its liabilities to the Transferee under such Title Transfer 
Arrangement can be netted or set-off against an obligation on the Transferee to 
deliver equivalent Securities Collateral to the Transferor). 
(B) 
Stay of proceedings following resolution process 
See the risk factor titled “Risks relating to the Notes – Resolution of financial 
institutions” above for information on the consequences of a resolution process 
being instituted against the Title Transfer Counterparty. 
(C) 
Loss of voting rights in respect of Securities Collateral 
The Transferor in respect of any Securities Collateral will not be entitled to exercise, 
or direct the Transferee to exercise any voting, consent or similar rights attached to 
the Securities Collateral. 
Noteholders should be aware that where the Transferor is the Issuer, the 
Noteholders will not have any right under the Notes to direct the Issuer to exercise 
any voting, consent or similar rights attached to the Securities Collateral. 
(D) 
No information provided in respect of Securities Collateral 
The Transferee will have title to any Securities Collateral and may or may not 
continue to hold such Securities Collateral and as such it will have no obligation to 
inform the Transferor of any corporate events or actions in relation to any Securities 
Collateral.

--- Page 57 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
57 
Where the Issuer is the Transferor, this means that no assurance can be given to 
Noteholders that they will be informed of events affecting any Securities Collateral. 
(b) 
The Custodian  
(i) 
Custodian risk 
Collateral in the form of cash or securities will be held in an account of the Custodian in the 
name of the Issuer (provided that, in limited circumstances, the Custodian may register or 
record securities in a name other than the Issuer).  
The ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations with respect to the Notes will be dependent 
upon receipt by the Issuer of payments from the Custodian under the Custody Agreement 
for the Notes (if the Collateral is so held). Consequently, the Noteholders are relying not 
only on the creditworthiness of the Collateral, but also on the creditworthiness of the 
Custodian in respect of the performance of its obligations under the Custody Agreement for 
such Notes subject to any relevant provisions or arrangements intended to provide that 
Collateral in the form of securities is not beneficially owned by the Custodian and therefore 
would not be available to its creditors on any insolvency of the Custodian. 
Any cash deposited with the Custodian by the Issuer and any cash received by the 
Custodian for the account of the Issuer in relation to a Series will be held by the Custodian 
as banker and not as trustee. Accordingly, such cash will not be held as client money and 
will represent only an unsecured claim against the Custodian’s assets. 
(ii) 
Sub-custodians, depositaries and clearing systems 
(A) 
Credit risk 
Under the Custody Agreement, the Issuer authorises the Custodian to hold the 
Collateral in the Custodian’s account or accounts with any other sub-custodian, any 
securities depositary or at such other account keeper or clearing system as the 
Custodian deems to be appropriate for the type of instruments which comprise the 
Collateral. 
Where the Collateral is held with a sub-custodian, securities depositary or clearing 
system, the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations with respect to the Notes will 
be dependent upon receipt by the Issuer of payments from the Custodian under the 
Custody Agreement for the Notes (if the Collateral is so held) and, in turn, the 
Custodian will be dependent (in whole or in part) upon receipt of payments from 
such sub-custodian, securities depositary or clearing system. Consequently, the 
Noteholders are relying not only on the creditworthiness of the Collateral and the 
Custodian in respect of the performance of its obligations under the Custody 
Agreement for such Notes, but also on the creditworthiness of any duly appointed 
sub-custodian, securities depositary or clearing system holding the Collateral subject 
to any relevant provisions or arrangements intended to provide that custody assets 
held by sub-custodians would not be available to its creditors on any insolvency of 
the sub-custodian. 
In particular, the Custodian is authorised to hold Collateral in the form of securities 
with sub-custodians in omnibus accounts. Where securities are held in an omnibus 
account, this may result in such securities not being as well protected as if the 
securities were held in a segregated account. If there are insufficient securities to 
meet the claims of all persons holding securities in that account, the Issuer may not

--- Page 58 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
58 
recover some or all of its securities, which would adversely affect the ability of the 
Issuer to meet its obligations with respect to the Notes. 
(B) 
Lien/Right of set-off 
Pursuant to their terms of engagement, sub-custodians, security depositaries or 
clearing systems may have liens or rights of set-off with respect to the Collateral held 
with them in relation to any of their fees and/or expenses. If, for whatever reason, the 
Custodian fails to pay such fees and/or expenses, the relevant sub-custodian, 
security depositary or clearing system may exercise such lien or right of set-off, 
which may result in the Issuer failing to receive any payments due to it in respect of 
the Collateral, and thereby adversely affecting the ability of the Issuer to meet its 
obligations with respect to the Notes. 
Therefore, the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations with respect to the Notes 
will not only be dependent upon receipt by the Issuer of payments from the 
Custodian under the Custody Agreement for the Notes (if the Collateral is so held) 
but will also be dependent on any sub-custodian, security depositary or clearing 
system not exercising any lien or right of set-off in respect of any Collateral that it 
holds. Consequently, the Noteholders are relying not only on the creditworthiness of 
the Collateral, but also on the creditworthiness of the Custodian in paying when due 
any fees or expenses of such sub-custodian, security depositary or clearing system. 
(c) 
The Paying Agents 
Any payments made to Noteholders in accordance with the Conditions will be made by the Issuing 
and Paying Agent and/or the Paying Agents on behalf of the Issuer. Pursuant to the Agency 
Agreement, the Issuer is required to transfer to the Issuing and Paying Agent such amount as may 
be due under the Notes on or before each date on which such payment in respect of the Notes 
becomes due. 
If the Issuing and Paying Agent and/or the Paying Agents, while holding funds for payment to 
Noteholders in respect of the Notes, is declared insolvent, the Noteholders may not receive all (or 
any part) of any amounts due to them in respect of the Notes from the Issuing and Paying Agent 
and/or the Paying Agents. The Issuer will still be liable to Noteholders in respect of such unpaid 
amounts but the Issuer may have insufficient assets to make such payments (or any part thereof) 
and Noteholders may not receive all, or any part, of any amounts due to them. Consequently, the 
Noteholders are relying not only on the creditworthiness of the Collateral, but also on the 
creditworthiness of the Issuing and Paying Agent and the Paying Agents in respect of the 
performance of their obligations under the Agency Agreement to make or facilitate payments to 
Noteholders. 
(d) 
The Disposal Agent 
(i) 
Liquidation 
Where the Notes are to be redeemed as a result of a redemption being triggered prior to 
the Maturity Date or where the Issuer fails to pay any amount owing on the Maturity Date, 
the Disposal Agent is generally required to sell or otherwise liquidate the Collateral. The 
Disposal Agent is permitted to sell all or any part of the Collateral at any time or at different 
times during the relevant period or in stages in respect of smaller portions, and will not have 
any liability for doing so if a higher price could have been obtained had such sale taken 
place at a different time during such specified period and/or had or had not been effected in 
stages in respect of smaller portions.

--- Page 59 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
59 
Subject to the following paragraph, if the Collateral has not been Liquidated in full by the 
expiry of the Liquidation Period (as extended by any Disposal Agent Bankruptcy Event), the 
Disposal Agent shall sell the Collateral not then Liquidated, irrespective of the price 
obtainable and regardless of such price being close to or equal to zero. 
The Disposal Agent may elect not to liquidate the Collateral in certain circumstances 
including, without limitation, on the grounds of illegality. Provided that the Disposal Agent 
has used reasonable care in the performance of its duties, it shall not be liable for such an 
election. 
If SPIRE is subject to a SPIRE Bankruptcy Event, the Collateral shall be realised by the 
Trustee enforcing the Security and not by the Disposal Agent pursuant to a Liquidation. 
(ii) 
Replacement Disposal Agent 
Upon the occurrence of a Disposal Agent Bankruptcy Event, the Disposal Agent’s 
appointment will be automatically terminated and the Issuer will be required to appoint a 
replacement institution to take its place. Such replacement will be chosen either (i) by the 
Noteholders acting by Extraordinary Resolution, or (ii) by the Issuer with the consent of the 
Swap Counterparty (provided no Event of Default (as defined in the Swap Agreement for 
the Series) has occurred with respect to the Swap Counterparty in accordance with the 
terms of the Swap Agreement for the Series), the Repo Counterparty (provided no Event of 
Default (as defined in the Repo Agreement for the Series) has occurred with respect to the 
Repo Counterparty in accordance with the terms of the Repo Agreement for the Series), 
the SL Counterparty (provided no Event of Default (as defined in the SL Agreement for the 
Series) has occurred with respect to the SL Counterparty in accordance with the terms of 
the SL Agreement for the Series) and the Trustee. Arranging for, and appointing, any such 
replacement may delay any required liquidation of the Collateral and related payments on 
the Notes and there is no guarantee that a replacement will be found. Any delay or failure 
to appoint such a replacement may have adverse consequences for the Noteholders. 
(iii) 
Resignation following loss of licence 
If, for whatever reason, the Disposal Agent ceases to have any licence that it considers 
necessary to perform its role, it may resign its appointment at any time without giving any 
reason by giving the Issuer at least 60 days’ notice to that effect. The Issuer will be required 
to appoint a replacement institution to take its place. Arranging for, and appointing, any 
such replacement may delay any required liquidation of the Collateral and related 
payments on the Notes. 
(e) 
The Calculation Agent 
(i) 
Replacement Calculation Agent 
Upon the occurrence of a Calculation Agent Bankruptcy Event, the Calculation Agent’s 
appointment will be automatically terminated and the Issuer will be required to appoint a 
replacement institution to take its place. Such replacement will be chosen either (i) by the 
Noteholders acting by Extraordinary Resolution, or (ii) by the Issuer with the consent of the 
Swap Counterparty (provided no Event of Default (as defined in the Swap Agreement for 
the Series) has occurred with respect to the Swap Counterparty in accordance with the 
terms of the Swap Agreement for the Series), the Repo Counterparty (provided no Event of 
Default (as defined in the Repo Agreement for the Series) has occurred with respect to the 
Repo Counterparty in accordance with the terms of the Repo Agreement for the Series), 
the SL Counterparty (provided no Event of Default (as defined in the SL Agreement for the 
Series) has occurred with respect to the SL Counterparty in accordance with the terms of

--- Page 60 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
60 
the SL Agreement for the Series) and the Trustee. Arranging for, and appointing, any such 
replacement, may delay certain calculations and/or determinations and related payments 
on the Notes and there is no guarantee that any replacement will be found. Any delay or 
failure to appoint such a replacement may have adverse consequences for the 
Noteholders. 
(ii) 
Limited liability of Calculation Agent 
All calculations and determinations by the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of 
manifest error) be final, conclusive and binding upon all Noteholders, Couponholders, 
Transaction Parties and all other parties. 
In making any calculation or determination, giving any notice or exercising any discretion, in 
each case under the Conditions or any Transaction Document, the Calculation Agent does 
not assume any responsibility or liability to anyone other than the Issuer for whom it acts as 
agent. In particular, the Calculation Agent assumes no responsibility to Noteholders, 
Couponholders, the Trustee or any other persons in respect of its role as Calculation Agent 
and, without limitation, shall not be liable for any loss (whether a loss of profit, loss of 
opportunity or consequential loss), cost, expense or any other damage suffered by any 
such person. 
The Calculation Agent shall not be liable to the Issuer for any errors in calculations or 
determinations made by it in respect of the Notes, or any failure to make, or delay in 
making, any calculations or determinations (irrespective of whether such error, failure or 
delay affects any other calculations or determinations made in respect of the Notes) in the 
manner required of it by the Conditions save that the Calculation Agent shall be liable to the 
Issuer (but not to any other person or persons, including Noteholders, Couponholders and 
the Trustee) where such error, failure or delay arose out of its negligence, fraud or wilful 
default, as described in more detail in the Conditions.  
Where the Calculation Agent (acting in a commercially reasonable manner) determines 
that, as a result of market disruption, force majeure, systems failure or any other event of 
an analogous nature, it is unable to make a calculation or determination in the manner 
required by the Conditions or any Transaction Document, then the Calculation Agent shall 
not be liable for failure to make such calculation or determination in the required manner. 
Where the Calculation Agent (acting in a commercially reasonable manner) determines that 
(i) it has not received the necessary information from any person or other source that is 
expected to deliver or provide the same pursuant to the Conditions or any Transaction 
Document which means that it is unable to make a determination required of it in 
accordance with the Conditions or the provisions of a Transaction Document and/or (ii) one 
or more provisions (including any mathematical terms and formulae) contained in the 
Conditions or any Transaction Document appear to the Calculation Agent (taking into 
account the context of the transaction as a whole and its background understanding) to be 
erroneous on the basis that it is impossible to make such calculation or that such provisions 
produce a result that, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, is economically nonsensical, 
the Calculation Agent shall be permitted to make its determination on the basis of the 
provisions of the Conditions or such Transaction Document but may make such 
amendments thereto as, in its opinion, are necessary to cater for relevant circumstances 
falling under (i) and/or (ii) above, provided always that in so doing the Calculation Agent 
acts in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner.

--- Page 61 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
61 
(f) 
Impact of FATCA Withholding on the Trustee, each Agent and the Custodian 
The application of FATCA Withholding (as defined in “Master Conditions - Condition 1 (Definitions 
and Interpretation)”) to interest or other amounts payable under or in respect of the Notes is not 
clear (see the risk factor titled “Risks relating to SPIRE and the Issuer – FATCA and the possibility 
of U.S. withholding tax on payments” above). If FATCA Withholding was applied to interest or 
other payments payable under or in respect of the Notes, none of the Issuer, the Trustee, any 
Agent, the Custodian or any other person would, pursuant to the Conditions, be required to pay 
additional amounts as a result of such FATCA Withholding. In such circumstances, Noteholders 
might receive less than otherwise expected. 
(g) 
Conflicts of interest 
The Transaction Parties and their affiliates may act in a number of capacities in connection with 
the Notes and the Mortgaged Property in respect of a Series and need not take into account the 
specific interests of any individual Noteholder. Such a party may also enter into business dealings 
relating to the Notes or the Collateral or any asset to which the Notes or Collateral are exposed, 
including the acquisition of the Notes, from which such party may derive revenues and profits in 
addition to any fees stated in the various documents, without any duty to account therefor, or act 
in a way that is adverse to the interests of the Noteholders generally. 
In addition, where the Swap Counterparty, the Swap Guarantor, the Repo Counterparty or the SL 
Counterparty is entitled to exercise its discretion or to undertake a decision in such capacity under 
or in respect of the Swap Agreement, the Repo Agreement or the SL Agreement, the terms and 
conditions or otherwise in respect of the Notes then such party will be under no obligation or duty 
to the Noteholders or any other person and is likely to attempt to maximise the beneficial outcome 
for itself and will not be liable to account to the Noteholders or any other person for any profit or 
other benefit to them or any of their respective affiliates that may result directly or indirectly from 
any such action. 
For further information, see the section of this Base Prospectus titled “Conflicts of Interest”.  
(h) 
Systemic risk 
Financial institutions and other significant participants in the financial markets that deal with each 
other are interrelated as a result of trading, investment, clearing, counterparty and other 
relationships. This risk is sometimes referred to as “systemic risk”. Financial institutions such as 
the Programme Dealers, the Programme Trustee, the Programme Swap Counterparties, the 
Programme Repo Counterparties, the Programme SL Counterparties, the Programme Custodian, 
the Programme Calculation Agent, the Programme Disposal Agent, the Programme Issuing and 
Paying Agent, the Programme Paying Agent, the Programme Registrar and the Programme 
Transfer Agent (or any affiliate of any of them) and any obligors of the Collateral (or any guarantor 
or credit support provider in respect thereof) that are financial institutions or are significant 
participants in the financial markets are likely routinely to execute a high volume of transactions 
with various types of counterparties, including brokers and dealers, commercial banks, investment 
banks, insurers, mutual and hedge funds, and institutional clients. To the extent they do so, they 
are and will continue to be exposed to the risk of loss if counterparties fail or are otherwise unable 
to meet their obligations. In addition, a default by a financial institution or other significant 
participant in the financial markets, or concerns about the ability of a financial institution or other 
significant participant in the financial markets to meet its obligations, could lead to further 
significant systemic liquidity problems and other problems that could exacerbate the global 
financial crisis and, as such, have a material adverse impact on other entities.

--- Page 62 ---
CONFLICTS OF INTEREST 
 
62 
CONFLICTS OF INTEREST 
1 
General 
For the purposes of this section, references to “Collateral” shall also include Original Collateral to the 
extent that such Original Collateral has been transferred to the Swap Counterparty under the Swap 
Agreement by virtue of the Credit Support Annex thereto, to the Repo Counterparty under the Repo 
Agreement by virtue of the collateral provisions therein or to the SL Counterparty under SL Agreement by 
virtue of the collateral provisions therein. 
The Dealer and any of its affiliates (each, a “Relevant Party”) may act in a number of capacities in 
connection with the Notes. A Relevant Party shall have only the duties and responsibilities expressly 
agreed to by such entity in the relevant capacity and shall not, by virtue of its or any affiliate acting in any 
other capacity, be deemed to have other duties or responsibilities or be deemed to hold a standard of 
care other than as may be expressly provided with respect to the relevant capacity. A Relevant Party 
may enter into business dealings relating to the Notes or the Collateral or any asset to which the Notes 
or Collateral are exposed, including the acquisition of the Notes, from which such Relevant Party may 
derive revenues and profits in addition to any fees stated in the various documents, without any duty to 
account therefor. 
A Relevant Party may, from time to time, be in possession of certain information (confidential or 
otherwise) and/or opinions with regard to the issuer or obligor of any Collateral or another Relevant Party 
which information and/or opinions might, if known by a Noteholder, affect decisions made by it with 
respect to its investment in the Notes. Notwithstanding this, no Relevant Party shall have any duty or 
obligation to notify the Noteholders or the Issuer or any other Transaction Parties (including any 
directors, officers or employees thereof) of such information and/or opinions. 
A Relevant Party may deal in any obligation of the issuer or obligor of any Collateral and may accept 
deposits from, make loans or otherwise extend credit to, and generally engage in any kind of commercial 
or investment banking or other business transactions with, the issuer or obligor of any Collateral and may 
act with respect to such transactions in the same manner as if the Swap Agreement and the Notes did 
not exist and without regard to whether any such action might have an adverse effect on the issuer or 
obligor of any Collateral, the Issuer, the Swap Counterparty or the Noteholders. 
A Relevant Party may, at any time, be active and significant participants in or act as market maker in 
relation to a wide range of markets for currencies, instruments relating to currencies, securities and 
derivatives. Activities undertaken by a Relevant Party may be on such a scale as to affect, temporarily or 
on a long-term basis, the price of such currencies, instruments relating to currencies, securities and 
derivatives or securities and derivatives based on, or relating to the Notes or any Collateral. 
Notwithstanding this, no Relevant Party shall have any duty or obligation to take into account the 
interests of any party in relation to any Notes when effecting transactions in such markets. 
One or more Relevant Parties or any Transaction Party may: 
(i) 
have placed or underwritten, or acted as a financial arranger, structuring agent or adviser in 
connection with the original issuance of, or may act as a broker or dealer with respect to the 
Collateral; 
(ii) 
act as trustee, paying agent and in other capacities in connection with certain of the Collateral or 
other classes of securities issued by an issuer of, or obligor with respect to, the Collateral or an 
affiliate thereof;

--- Page 63 ---
CONFLICTS OF INTEREST 
 
63 
(iii) 
be a counterparty to issuers of, or obligors with respect to, certain of the Collateral under a swap 
or other derivative agreements or repurchase agreement; 
(iv) 
lend to certain of the issuers of, or obligors with respect to, the Collateral or their respective 
affiliates or receive guarantees from such issuers, obligors or their respective affiliates; 
(v) 
provide other investment banking, asset management, commercial banking, financing or financial 
advisory services to the issuers of, or obligors with respect to, the Collateral or their respective 
affiliates; or 
(vi) 
have an equity interest, which may be a substantial equity interest, in certain issuers of, or 
obligors with respect to, the Collateral or their respective affiliates. 
The Dealer may have acquired, or during the terms of the Notes may acquire, confidential information or 
enter into transactions with respect to any Collateral or an obligor of any such collateral and it shall not 
be under any duty to disclose such confidential information to any Noteholder, the Issuer, the Trustee or 
any of the other Transaction Parties. 
When acting as a trustee, paying agent or in other service capacities with respect to the Collateral, the 
Transaction Parties may be entitled to fees and expenses senior in priority to payments on such 
Collateral. When acting as a trustee for other classes of securities issued by the issuer of any Collateral 
or an affiliate thereof, a Transaction Party will owe fiduciary duties to the holders of such other classes of 
securities, which classes of securities may have differing interests from the holders of the class of 
securities of which the relevant Collateral is a part, and may take actions that are adverse to the holders 
(including, where applicable, the Issuer) of the class of securities of which the relevant Collateral is a 
part. As a counterparty under swaps and other derivative agreements or repurchase agreements, a 
Transaction Party may take actions adverse to the interests of the Issuer, including, but not limited to, 
demanding collateralisation of its exposure under such agreements (if provided for thereunder) or 
terminating such swaps or agreements in accordance with the terms thereof. In making and 
administering loans and other obligations, a Transaction Party may take actions including, but not limited 
to, restructuring a loan, foreclosing on or exercising other remedies with respect to a loan, requiring 
additional collateral or other credit enhancement, charging significant fees and interest, placing the 
issuers of, or obligors with respect to, any Collateral in bankruptcy or demanding payment on a loan 
guarantee or under other credit enhancement. The Issuer’s acquisition, holding and sale of the Collateral 
may enhance the profitability or value of investments made by a Transaction Party in the issuers thereof 
or obligors in respect thereof. As a result of all such transactions or arrangements between a Transaction 
Party and issuers of, and obligors with respect to, the Collateral or their respective affiliates, a 
Transaction Party may have interests that are contrary to the interests of the Issuer and the Noteholders. 
2 
The Trustee 
In connection with the exercise of its functions, the Trustee shall have regard to the interests of the 
Noteholders as a class and, in particular, but without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, shall not 
have regard to the consequences of such exercise for individual Noteholders and the Trustee shall not 
be entitled to require, nor shall any Noteholder be entitled to claim from the Issuer or the Trustee, any 
indemnification or payment in respect of any tax arising in consequence of any such exercise upon 
individual Noteholders. In acting as Trustee under the Trust Deed, the Trustee shall not, in respect of 
Notes of any Series, assume any duty or responsibility to any of the Swap Counterparty, the Swap 
Guarantor, the Repo Counterparty, the SL Counterparty, the Custodian, the Issuing and Paying Agent, 
any of the Paying Agents or any other Secured Creditor or any other Transaction Party (other than to pay 
any such party any moneys received and payable to it and to act in accordance with the Conditions and 
the Trust Deed and other than in respect of any obligations it may have to Secured Creditors in respect 
of any enforcement of the Security) and shall have regard solely to the interests of the Noteholders and

--- Page 64 ---
CONFLICTS OF INTEREST 
 
64 
(save where expressly provided otherwise in the Transaction Documents to which the Trustee is a party) 
shall not be obliged to act on any directions of any Secured Creditor or Transaction Party if this would, in 
the Trustee’s opinion, be contrary to the interests of the Noteholders.  
3 
The Swap Counterparty, the Swap Guarantor, the Repo Counterparty and the SL 
Counterparty 
Prospective investors should be aware that where the Swap Counterparty, the Swap Guarantor, the 
Repo Counterparty or the SL Counterparty is entitled to exercise its discretion or to undertake a decision 
in such capacity under or in respect of the Swap Agreement, Repo Agreement or SL Agreement 
(including any right to terminate the Swap Agreement, Repo Agreement or SL Agreement), in respect of 
the terms and conditions or otherwise in respect of the Notes then, unless specified to the contrary 
therein, the Swap Counterparty, the Swap Guarantor, the Repo Counterparty or the SL Counterparty will 
be under no obligation to, and will not assume any fiduciary duty or responsibility for, the Noteholders or 
any other person. In exercising their discretion or undertaking any decision, prospective investors should 
expect and understand that the Swap Counterparty, the Swap Guarantor, the Repo Counterparty and the 
SL Counterparty are likely to attempt to maximise the beneficial outcome for themselves (that is 
maximise any payments due to them and minimise any payments due from them) and will not be liable to 
account to the Noteholders or any other person for any profit or other benefit to them or any of their 
respective affiliates that may result directly or indirectly from any such selection.

--- Page 65 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
65 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with: 
1 
The up to date articles of association (statuts) of SPIRE dated 7 May 2021 (the “Articles”). A copy of the 
Articles can be found at www.spiresa.com/documents. 
2 
The audited financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 2019 (the “2019 
Accounts”). A copy of the 2019 Accounts can be found at https://www.spiresa.com/media/1034/spire-sa-
signed-2019-financial-statements.pdf. 
3 
The audited financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 (the “2020 
Accounts”). A copy of the 2020 Accounts can be found at https://www.spiresa.com/media/1041/spire-sa-
signed-2020-financial-statements.pdf. 
4 
The Product Criteria and the Collateral Criteria. A copy of the Product Criteria and the Collateral Criteria 
can be found at https://www.spiresa.com.  
Each document above shall be incorporated in, and form part of this Base Prospectus, save that any 
statement contained in a document which is incorporated by reference herein shall be modified or superseded 
for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein modifies or 
supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement so 
modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 66 ---
SUPPLEMENTARY PROSPECTUS 
 
66 
SUPPLEMENTARY PROSPECTUS 
If at any time SPIRE shall be required to prepare a supplementary prospectus pursuant to the Prospectus 
Regulation, SPIRE will prepare and make available an appropriate amendment or supplement to this Base 
Prospectus or a further prospectus which, in respect of any subsequent issue of Notes to be listed on the 
Official List and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market, shall constitute a supplementary prospectus as 
required by the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 67 ---
COMMONLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
 
67 
COMMONLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
This section is intended to answer some of the questions which investors may have when considering an 
investment in the Notes. However, any decision to invest in the Notes should only be made after careful 
consideration of all relevant sections of this Base Prospectus and the applicable Accessory Conditions. This 
section should be treated as an introduction to SPIRE and certain terms of the Notes that may be issued 
under the Programme. It is not intended to be a substitute for, nor a summary of, the Conditions. 
1. 
Who is SPIRE? 
SPIRE is Single Platform Investment Repackaging Entity SA, a special purpose vehicle incorporated as 
a public limited liability company (société anonyme) incorporated under the laws of Luxembourg. 
SPIRE’s only business is to enter into obligations for the payment or repayment of borrowed money, 
including issuing debt securities such as the Notes, and to enter into transactions within the limits of the 
Securitisation Act 2004. 
The directors of SPIRE may be employees of the administrator of SPIRE. SPIRE is not an affiliate or a 
subsidiary of any Programme Dealer and its obligations are not guaranteed by any party. 
2. 
Who is the Issuer? 
The Issuer is SPIRE acting in respect of one of its Compartments. 
3. 
What are the Notes? 
The Notes are debt securities issued by the Issuer which may be in bearer form or registered, as 
described in the applicable Accessory Conditions. 
The Notes are secured, limited recourse obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu without any 
preference among themselves. 
4. 
What documents do you need to read in respect of an issuance of Notes? 
There are several legal documents which you must read in respect of any Notes. These are (i) this 
Base Prospectus, (ii) the applicable Accessory Conditions and (iii) if produced, the Series Prospectus in 
respect of such Notes. 
What information is included in this Base Prospectus? 
This Base Prospectus contains: 
(i) 
information about SPIRE in the section of this Base Prospectus titled “Description of SPIRE”; 
(ii) 
general information about Notes that may be issued under the Programme, in particular, the 
master terms and conditions of the Notes in the section of this Base Prospectus titled “Master 
Conditions” (which for all Notes must be read together with the applicable Accessory 
Conditions); 
(iii) 
information about certain agents of SPIRE and certain counterparties with whom SPIRE will 
enter into contracts; 
(iv) 
restrictions about who can buy Notes; 
(v) 
risk factors relating to SPIRE and any Notes issued under the Programme; and 
(vi) 
certain tax information, although you should always seek specialist advice which has been 
tailored to your circumstances.

--- Page 68 ---
COMMONLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
 
68 
You should note that the section of this Base Prospectus titled “Overview of the Programme” and this 
section titled “Commonly Asked Questions” must be read only as an introduction to this Base 
Prospectus. Any decision to invest in the Notes should be based on a consideration of this Base 
Prospectus as a whole, together with the applicable Accessory Conditions and any Series Prospectus. 
What information is included in the Accessory Conditions? 
While this Base Prospectus includes general information about all Notes, the Accessory Conditions is 
the document that sets out the specific details of each particular issuance of Notes. The Accessory 
Conditions will complete (in the case of Final Terms) or complete, amend, supplement or vary (in the 
case of Pricing Terms) the Master Conditions and will contain, for example, the issue date, the maturity 
date and the methods used to calculate the redemption amount and any interest payments, if 
applicable, as well as any other terms applicable to those particular Notes.  
Therefore, the Accessory Conditions for such Notes must be read in conjunction with this Base 
Prospectus. 
What is the Series Prospectus and when will the Issuer prepare one?  
For some Notes, the Issuer may prepare a Series Prospectus. The Series Prospectus would include 
the Accessory Conditions for those Notes, incorporating by reference the whole or any part of this Base 
Prospectus, but would also contain additional information, such as additional risk factors. The Issuer 
will prepare a Series Prospectus where it needs to do so in order to comply with the Prospectus 
Regulation.  
5. 
How much of your investment is at risk? 
For some Notes, the amount payable on the maturity date may be less than your original investment 
and may even be zero. 
Investors should note that they will be exposed to the credit risk of (i) the Issuer, (ii) the obligor of the 
Original Collateral, (iii) the Custodian, (iv) the Paying Agents and (v) the Swap Counterparty, the Repo 
Counterparty and the SL Counterparty. If there is a default on the Original Collateral or by the 
Custodian, a Paying Agent, the Swap Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty or the SL Counterparty, 
investors are highly likely to lose some or all of their money. 
6. 
What does the Issuer do with the issue proceeds of the Notes?  
The Issuer will typically use the issue proceeds of the Notes to purchase the Original Collateral. The 
Original Collateral will usually constitute debt securities issued by a third-party issuer, but could take 
the form of other assets. The exact Original Collateral will be specified in the applicable Accessory 
Conditions. 
For each Series, the Issuer may enter into a Swap Agreement with a Swap Counterparty and/or a Repo 
Agreement with a Repo Counterparty and/or an SL Agreement with an SL Counterparty. Where this is 
the case, this will be specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions. The issue proceeds of the Notes 
may be used to fund any initial payment obligations under the Swap Agreement and/or the Repo 
Agreement and/or the SL Agreement. 
7. 
What is the Collateral? 
The Collateral, the Swap Agreement, the Repo Agreement and the SL Agreement will generally be the 
only assets available to the Issuer to fund its payment obligations under the Notes. The payments 
under such assets (both to and from the Issuer) will be designed to ensure that the Issuer has sufficient 
funds to meet its payment obligations under the Notes and to meet any related payment obligations.

--- Page 69 ---
COMMONLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
 
69 
“Collateral” consists of (i) the Original Collateral, (ii) any assets received from the Swap Counterparty 
which collateralises the Swap Counterparty’s obligations under the Swap Agreement, (iii) any assets 
received from the Repo Counterparty under the Repo Agreement and (iv) any assets received from the 
SL Counterparty under the SL Agreement, but excludes any assets which have been transferred by the 
Issuer to the Swap Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty or the SL Counterparty. 
The Original Collateral shall include any different collateral acquired by the Issuer by way of substitution 
or replacement of such Original Collateral originally held by it or as a result of its conversion or 
exchange. 
The applicable Accessory Conditions will specify whether collateralisation is required in respect of the 
Swap Agreement from the Swap Counterparty, the Issuer or both. Collateral will be transferred on a 
title transfer basis under a Credit Support Annex and will reflect movements in the market value of the 
Swap Agreement and of the collateral provided under such Credit Support Annex. If the Issuer is 
required to provide collateral under the Credit Support Annex, Original Collateral will be used to meet 
such obligation and the Original Collateral will be reduced accordingly. Upon posting to the Swap 
Counterparty as collateral, title to the relevant assets is transferred to the Swap Counterparty. 
Collateralisation will be required in respect of a Repo Agreement from both the Issuer and the Repo 
Counterparty. The collateral to be transferred will reflect movements in the market value of the 
securities purchased under the Repo Agreement and of the collateral provided under such Repo 
Agreement. If the Issuer is required to provide collateral under the Repo Agreement, Original Collateral 
will be used to meet such obligation and the Original Collateral will be reduced accordingly. Upon 
posting to the Repo Counterparty as collateral, title to the relevant assets is transferred to the Repo 
Counterparty. 
Collateralisation may be required in respect of an SL Agreement from both the Issuer and the SL 
Counterparty. The collateral to be transferred will reflect movements in the market value of the 
securities received under the SL Agreement and of the collateral borrowed by the SL Counterparty 
under such SL Agreement. If the Issuer is required to deliver collateral under the SL Agreement, 
Original Collateral will be used to meet such obligation and the Original Collateral will be reduced 
accordingly. Upon delivery to the SL Counterparty of such collateral, title to the relevant assets is 
transferred to the SL Counterparty. 
8. 
When might the Original Collateral change? 
If “Substitution of Original Collateral” is specified as “Applicable” in the applicable Accessory 
Conditions, Noteholders acting by an Extraordinary Resolution may request a substitution of the 
Original Collateral (in whole but not in part).  
If “Substitution Knockout” is specified as “Applicable” in the applicable Accessory Conditions and, at 
any prior time to the Issuer Call Settlement Date, the Original Collateral is substituted following such a 
request by Noteholders acting by an Extraordinary Resolution, the provisions relating to any Issuer Call 
Condition shall no longer apply. 
9. 
To which assets of SPIRE, if any, do Noteholders have recourse?  
The Noteholders and the other Transaction Parties will have recourse only to the Mortgaged Property 
in respect of a Series, subject always to the Security, and not to any other general assets of SPIRE or 
to any other assets of SPIRE acting in respect of other Compartments. The Mortgaged Property 
includes, primarily, the Collateral, the Issuer’s rights under the Swap Agreement, the Issuer’s rights 
under the Repo Agreement and the Issuer’s rights under the SL Agreement. Noteholders’ claims (and 
those of other Transaction Parties) will also be subject to the order of priority referred to below. If the 
Mortgaged Property is not sufficient to meet Noteholders’ claims and those of all the other relevant 
parties, the Mortgaged Property will be used to meet claims according to a specified order of priority.

--- Page 70 ---
COMMONLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
 
70 
Amounts owing to the Swap Counterparty under the Swap Agreement, the Repo Counterparty under 
the Repo Agreement, the SL Counterparty under the SL Agreement and certain other sums payable to 
certain Transaction Parties, will be paid before Noteholders. If there is no Mortgaged Property left after 
paying such persons, Noteholders will not be paid and will lose their investment. 
10. 
What happens if the Original Collateral defaults? 
See paragraph 13(i) (“Under what circumstances may the Notes be redeemed before their stated 
maturity? – Redemption of Original Collateral and default of Original Collateral”) below. 
11. 
Who will be the Swap Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty or the SL Counterparty?  
The Swap Counterparty to any Swap Agreement, the Repo Counterparty to any Repo Agreement and 
the SL Counterparty to any SL Agreement will be specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions and 
will be one of the Programme Swap Counterparties, Programme Repo Counterparties or Programme 
SL Counterparties. The obligations of a Swap Counterparty may be guaranteed. 
If the Swap Agreement in respect of a Series is terminated because an event of default has occurred 
with respect to the Swap Counterparty, a replacement swap agreement may be entered into as an 
alternative to the Notes being subject to an early redemption. Please see the section of this Base 
Prospectus titled “Secondary Market, Swap Counterparty Replacement and Swap Close-Out 
Quotations” for a summary of the conditions to any such agreement being entered into. 
12. 
What happens if the Swap Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty or the SL Counterparty 
defaults? 
See paragraph 13(iv) (“Under what circumstances may the Notes be redeemed before their stated 
maturity? – Swap Counterparty Bankruptcy Event, Repo Counterparty Bankruptcy Event and SL 
Counterparty Bankruptcy Event”) below. 
13. 
Under what circumstances may the Notes be redeemed before their stated maturity? 
The Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated maturity in any of the following circumstances: 
(i) 
Redemption of Original Collateral and default of Original Collateral 
If the Original Collateral is called for redemption or repayment (whether in whole or part) prior to its 
scheduled maturity date (other than a scheduled amortisation of the Original Collateral), the Issuer 
shall, upon becoming aware of such event, direct the redemption of the Notes. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that certain events have occurred with respect to the Original 
Collateral or any other obligation for the payment or repayment of borrowed money of the Original 
Collateral Obligor, the Issuer shall direct the redemption of the Notes. The relevant events include (a) 
such obligation becoming payable prior to its scheduled maturity date, (b) certain failures to make 
payments in respect of such obligation, (c) a repudiation or moratorium in respect of such obligation, (d) 
an amendment to the terms of such obligation either agreed between the Original Collateral Obligor or 
a Governmental Authority and a sufficient number of holders of such obligation to bind all holders of 
such obligation, (e) an amendment to the terms of such obligation imposed by a Governmental 
Authority, (f) the conversion of such obligation into another instrument and (g) certain bankruptcy 
events in respect of the Original Collateral Obligor. 
(ii) 
Certain tax events  
If the Issuer determines that (a) it will be required by any applicable law to withhold or deduct tax from 
any payment in respect of the Notes, (b) a Noteholder has failed to provide sufficient forms, 
documentation or other information such that any payment in respect of the Notes may be subject to 
withholding or deduction or the Issuer may suffer a fine or penalty, (c) it will be unable to receive any

--- Page 71 ---
COMMONLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
 
71 
payment in respect of the Original Collateral without any withholding or deduction for tax or (d) it is 
required to comply with any reporting requirement in respect of payments received on the Original 
Collateral (which would incur material expense for the Issuer or are unduly onerous for the Issuer to 
comply with), the Issuer shall direct the redemption of the Notes. 
(iii) 
Termination of Swap Agreement, Repo Agreement or SL Agreement 
If the Swap Agreement, the Repo Agreement or the SL Agreement is terminated early, the Issuer shall 
direct the redemption of the Notes.  
The sections of this Base Prospectus titled “The Swap Agreement”, “The Repo Agreement” and “The 
SL Agreement” describe the events that may lead to the termination of the Swap Agreement, the Repo 
Agreement and the SL Agreement respectively. These include certain payment defaults, breaches of 
agreement and insolvency as well as the occurrence of certain illegality, redenomination and force 
majeure events, certain tax-related events, certain regulatory events and certain amendments to the 
terms of the Notes and the Transaction Documents when made without the Swap Counterparty’s, the 
Repo Counterparty’s or the SL Counterparty’s (as applicable) consent. 
The Noteholders may also, upon the occurrence of an event following which the Issuer is able to 
terminate the Swap Agreement, Repo Agreement or SL Agreement, direct the Trustee (who will, 
subject to being indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction, give a corresponding 
direction to the Issuer) to so terminate the Swap Agreement, the Repo Agreement or the SL 
Agreement, which will result in the redemption of the Notes. 
(iv) 
Swap Counterparty Bankruptcy Event, Repo Counterparty Bankruptcy Event and SL 
Counterparty Bankruptcy Event 
If a Swap Counterparty Bankruptcy Event, a Repo Counterparty Bankruptcy Event or an SL 
Counterparty Bankruptcy Event occurs (broadly speaking, if the Swap Counterparty, Repo 
Counterparty or SL Counterparty becomes subject to an insolvency procedure), the Issuer may direct 
the redemption of the Notes following a direction to do so from the requisite number of Noteholders.  
(v) 
Illegality 
If, due to the adoption of or change in any applicable law after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
Series, it becomes unlawful for the Issuer to perform obligations in respect of the Notes, to hold any 
Collateral or receive payment in respect thereof or to comply with any other material provision of any 
agreement entered into in connection with the Notes, the Issuer shall, upon becoming aware of such 
event, direct the redemption of the Notes. 
(vi) 
Original Collateral Disruption Event 
Following the occurrence of an Original Collateral Disruption Event (being, in summary, the adjustment 
or replacement of any interest rate, index, benchmark or price source by reference to which any 
amount payable under the Original Collateral is determined), the Calculation Agent may deliver a notice 
to the Issuer requiring it to amend or redeem the Notes. If the Calculation Agent delivers a notice which 
requires a redemption of the Notes, the Issuer shall direct the redemption of the Notes. 
(vii) 
Reference Rate Default Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Reference Rate Default Event has occurred, the Issuer shall 
direct the redemption of the Notes. 
A Reference Rate Default Event will occur if (a) the Calculation Agent has determined that a Reference 
Rate Event has occurred and (b) either (I) an alternative benchmark and any Adjustment Spread, 
together with associated amendments, are not identified prior to the relevant deadline, (II) it is or would 
be unlawful or would contravene any applicable licensing requirements for the Calculation Agent to

--- Page 72 ---
COMMONLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
 
72 
perform the actions prescribed in the Conditions following the occurrence of a Reference Rate Event or 
(III) the calculation of an Adjustment Spread would impose material additional regulatory obligations on 
the Calculation Agent or the Swap Counterparty or the Repo Counterparty. 
A Reference Rate Event is expected to occur if (I) the relevant Reference Rate has ceased or will 
cease to be provided permanently or indefinitely, (II) the administrator of the Reference Rate ceases to 
have the necessary authorisations and as a result it is not permitted under applicable law for one or 
more persons to perform their obligations under the Notes and/or any hedge transactions entered into 
by the Swap Counterparty and the Repo Counterparty, (III) the Reference Rate is, with respect to over-
the-counter derivatives transactions which reference such Reference Rate, the subject of any market-
wide development pursuant to which such Reference Rate is replaced with a risk-free rate (or near risk-
free rate) on a specified date, (IV) the regulatory supervisor of the administrator of the Reference Rate 
makes or publishes a public statement announcing that such Reference Rate is no longer, or as of a 
specified future date will no longer be, representative for the underlying market and economic reality 
that the Reference Rate is intended to measure and that its representativeness will not be restored, 
such statement is being made in the awareness that it will engage certain contractual triggers for 
fallbacks activated by pre-cessation announcements by such supervisor or (V) if “Material Change 
Event” is specified to be applicable in the Accessory Conditions, the definition, methodology or formula 
for a Reference Rate, or other means of calculating the Reference Rate, has materially changed or as 
of a specified future date will materially change. 
(viii) 
Satisfaction of an Issuer Call Condition 
If “Issuer Call” is specified as applicable for a Series, the Issuer shall, upon being notified of satisfaction 
of an Issuer Call Condition, direct the redemption of the Notes. 
An Issuer Call Condition may be satisfied where (a) the Swap Counterparty elects an optional 
termination under the Swap Agreement, where Optional Termination Trigger is specified in the 
Accessory Conditions, (b) the calculation agent under the Swap Agreement determines that, where 
Autocall Termination Trigger is specified in the Accessory Conditions, the Autocall Termination Trigger 
(namely, that sum of (x) the value of the Original Collateral and (y) the anticipated termination value of 
the Swap Agreement, is equal to or greater than the aggregate principal amount of the Notes then 
outstanding) has been met on a particular date or (c) the Calculation Agent determines that any other 
event specified as an Issuer Call Condition in the Accessory Conditions in respect of the Notes has 
occurred. 
If “Substitution Knockout” is specified as “Applicable” in the applicable Accessory Conditions and, at 
any prior time to the Issuer Call Settlement Date, the Original Collateral is substituted (see ‘When might 
the Original Collateral change?’ above), the provisions relating to any Issuer Call Condition shall no 
longer apply. 
(ix) 
Exercise of Noteholder Early Redemption Option 
 If “Noteholder Early Redemption Option” is specified as applicable for a Series, the Issuer shall, upon 
receiving a valid Noteholder Early Redemption Option Exercise Notice from 100% Noteholders, direct 
the redemption of the Notes in full (and not in part). 
(x) 
Events of Default 
The Notes may be redeemed early upon the occurrence of certain defined Events of Default. These 
include (a) a default (for a period of more than 14 days) in the payment of any principal or interest due 
in respect of the Notes, (b) a failure by the Issuer to perform any of its other obligations in relation to the 
Notes if such failure is incapable of remedy or, if in the opinion of the Trustee the failure is capable of 
remedy, is not, in the opinion of the Trustee, remedied within 30 days after the Trustee gives notice to 
the Issuer of such default or (c) the insolvency of SPIRE. If an Event of Default occurs, the Trustee

--- Page 73 ---
COMMONLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
 
73 
may, and shall (provided it has been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction), 
following a direction to do so from the requisite number of Noteholders, direct the redemption of the 
Notes.  
14. 
At what amount do the Notes redeem? 
Each Note will redeem on the relevant Maturity Date at the Final Redemption Amount or, if the Note is 
an Instalment Note, the final Instalment Amount. The Final Redemption Amount will be a cash amount 
and will consist of the Specified Final Redemption Amount, as specified in the applicable Accessory 
Conditions. If no Specified Final Redemption Amount is specified in the applicable Accessory 
Conditions, the Final Redemption Amount shall be the outstanding principal amount of such Note. The 
final Instalment Amount will be a cash amount as specified in, or determined in accordance with, the 
applicable Accessory Conditions. 
If the Notes are redeemed prior to their stated maturity, they will redeem at their Early Redemption 
Amount, which will generally be an amount equal to their share of (i) the proceeds of the sale or 
redemption of the Collateral, plus (ii) any termination payment (if any) payable by the Swap 
Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty and the SL Counterparty to the Issuer pursuant to the Swap 
Agreement, Repo Agreement and SL Agreement respectively, minus (iii) any termination payment (if 
any) payable by the Issuer to Swap Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty and the SL Counterparty 
pursuant to the Swap Agreement, Repo Agreement and SL Agreement respectively. 
The amount payable to Noteholders in such circumstances will also be subject to payment of any 
amounts owed by the Issuer to any other Transaction Parties which rank in priority to payments due to 
the Noteholders. 
How is the Collateral sold? 
The Disposal Agent will liquidate (sell or otherwise turn into cash) the Collateral on behalf of the Issuer 
during the Liquidation Period (which will typically be a 10 Reference Business Day period (where 
“Liquidation Period Cut-off” is specified as 10 Reference Business Days in the applicable Accessory 
Conditions) or a 30 Reference Business Day period (where “Liquidation Period Cut-off” is specified as 
30 Reference Business Days in the applicable Accessory Conditions)), except for any Collateral that is 
due to redeem in full during that period. However, no such sale will be made if the Disposal Agent is 
not permitted to effect such liquidation under applicable laws or it is otherwise not possible or 
practicable for it to do so or if the Disposal Agent is no longer employed to perform that role (see ‘Who 
is the Disposal Agent?’ below).  
The Disposal Agent may sell to itself or to any affiliate of itself, the Swap Counterparty (if different), the 
Repo Counterparty (if different) or the SL Counterparty (if different), provided that such sale is at a price 
which it believes to be a fair market price. Furthermore, the Disposal Agent may liquidate the Collateral 
by way of one or multiple transactions on a single or multiple day(s). 
Who is the Disposal Agent? 
The Disposal Agent is the entity specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions and will typically be 
the Swap Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty, the SL Counterparty or an affiliate of the Swap 
Counterparty, Repo Counterparty or SL Counterparty. 
If a Disposal Agent Bankruptcy Event occurs (broadly speaking, if the Disposal Agent is subject to an 
insolvency proceeding or, if the Disposal Agent is an affiliate of the Swap Counterparty, the Repo 
Counterparty or the SL Counterparty, if the Swap Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty or the SL 
Counterparty is subject to an insolvency proceeding), then such entity will cease to be the Disposal 
Agent and a replacement Disposal Agent may be appointed by the Issuer and shall be appointed if the 
Issuer is directed by the requisite number of Noteholders.

--- Page 74 ---
COMMONLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
 
74 
What happens if the Collateral is not sold by the expiry of the Liquidation Period? 
If any Collateral has not been sold by the expiry of the Liquidation Period, the Disposal Agent shall, 
subject to the following sentence, sell the Collateral not then sold, irrespective of the price obtainable 
and regardless of such price being close to or equal to zero. The Disposal Agent may elect not to 
liquidate the Collateral in certain circumstances including, without limitation, on the grounds of illegality. 
If any of the Collateral has still not been sold by the Early Valuation Date, the Early Redemption 
Amount will be determined based on the fair market value (as determined by the Calculation Agent) of 
the relevant assets instead of sale proceeds. However, when those assets have finally been realised 
(for example by a replacement Disposal Agent or by or on behalf of the Trustee), if the Early 
Redemption Amount that would have been calculated using such actual proceeds is greater than the 
Early Redemption Amount that was calculated using such fair market value, the Issuer shall owe the 
difference to the Noteholders. If the actual realisation proceeds are less than the fair market value used 
to determine the Early Redemption Amount, Noteholders will receive less than the Early Redemption 
Amount. 
When is the Early Valuation Date and when is the Early Redemption Date? 
The Early Valuation Date is the date as of which the Calculation Agent will determine the Early 
Redemption Amount in respect of the Notes. The Early Redemption Date is the date on which the Early 
Redemption Amount will become due and payable. The Early Valuation Date is the day falling three 
Reference Business Days before the Early Redemption Date. 
The Early Redemption Date will depend on the timing of the liquidation of the Collateral. It will generally 
be (i) the 15th Reference Business Day (where “Liquidation Period Cut-off” is specified as 10 
Reference Business Days in the applicable Accessory Conditions) or (ii) the 35th Reference Business 
Day (where “Liquidation Period Cut-off” is specified as 30 Reference Business Days in the applicable 
Accessory Conditions) following the date on which the Issuer gives notice of the early redemption of the 
Notes or, if earlier, the fifth Reference Business Day following the date on which the Collateral has 
been liquidated in full. If the early redemption is caused by an early redemption of the Original 
Collateral, the Early Redemption Date will depend on the redemption date of the Original Collateral. 
How will the termination payment under the Swap Agreement be calculated? 
The termination payment under the Swap Agreement will be based on the value, to the determining 
party, of the Swap Agreement as at the Early Termination Date (determined on the Early Valuation 
Date or as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter), taking into account all of the amounts that would 
have been payable by each party if the swap had not terminated. This amount could be negative (in 
which case the termination payment would be made by the determining party) or positive (in which 
case the termination payment would be made by the other party). The termination payment will usually 
be calculated by the Swap Counterparty, unless the Swap Counterparty’s default triggered the 
termination of the Swap Agreement. If the Swap Counterparty is in default, the Issuer will need to 
appoint a substitute calculation agent under the Swap Agreement for the purposes of determining the 
termination payment on the Issuer’s behalf. 
How will the termination payment under the Repo Agreement be calculated? 
Upon early termination of the Repo Agreement, an early termination payment, based on the market 
value of the initial collateral sold under the Repo Agreement, the market value of any collateral posted 
by the Issuer to the Repo Counterparty or vice versa under the Repo Agreement and the repurchase 
price payable for equivalent collateral, will be payable by the Issuer to the Repo Counterparty or (as the 
case may be) by the Repo Counterparty to the Issuer. The termination payment will usually be 
calculated by the Repo Counterparty, unless the Repo Counterparty’s default triggered the termination

--- Page 75 ---
COMMONLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
 
75 
of the Repo Agreement. If the Repo Counterparty is in default, the Issuer will need to appoint a 
calculation agent for the purposes of determining the termination payment on the Issuer’s behalf. 
How will the termination payment under the SL Agreement be calculated? 
Upon early termination of the SL Agreement (which may occur as a result of a default by the SL 
Counterparty or the insolvency of the Issuer), an early termination payment, based on the market value 
of the securities loaned under the SL Agreement and the market value of any margin posted by the 
Issuer to the SL Counterparty or vice versa under the SL Agreement, will be payable by the Issuer to 
the SL Counterparty or (as the case may be) by the SL Counterparty to the Issuer. The termination 
payment will usually be calculated by the SL Counterparty, unless the SL Counterparty’s default 
triggered the termination of the SL Agreement. If the SL Counterparty is in default, the Issuer will need 
to appoint a calculation agent for the purposes of determining the termination payment on the Issuer’s 
behalf. 
15. 
What is the order of priority?  
If the Notes redeem early, or if there is a default at maturity (whether in respect of the Original 
Collateral, by the Issuer or by the Swap Counterparty, Repo Counterparty or SL Counterparty, or 
otherwise), or if there is an enforcement of security then the proceeds of the Mortgaged Property will be 
applied in accordance with a specified order of priorities. In such order of priorities, the claims of other 
creditors of the Issuer in respect of the Notes will be met before the claims of the Noteholders. Amounts 
paid in priority to the Noteholders include, among other things, (i) payments due to the Trustee, (ii) 
payments due to the Swap Counterparty under the Swap Agreement, to the Repo Counterparty under 
the Repo Agreement and to the SL Counterparty under the SL Agreement, (iii) any fees of the Disposal 
Agent and (iv) any payments due to the Custodian and/or the other Agents. The Mortgaged Property is 
the only property the Issuer has from which to meet the claims in respect of the Notes. As a result of 
other claims having priority to those of the Noteholders, this means there may not be enough cash for 
the Issuer to meet its obligations to Noteholders (whether in full or at all). 
16. 
Who is the “Noteholder”? 
If the Notes are held through a clearing system (which will usually be the case if so specified in the 
applicable Accessory Conditions), the legal “Noteholder” will be the entity nominated by the clearing 
system as the nominee or depositary for the Notes (known as the common depositary). Such entity will 
hold the Notes for the benefit of the clearing systems and it shall be the only person entitled to receive 
payments in respect of such Notes and the Issuer shall be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, 
such entity in respect of each amount so paid. As an investor, your rights in relation to the Notes will be 
governed by the contract you have with your broker, custodian or other entity through which you hold 
your interest in the Notes and the contracts they have with the clearing system and any intermediaries 
in between. Accordingly, where this Base Prospectus describes a right as being owed to, or exercisable 
by, a Noteholder then your ability to benefit from or exercise such right will be dependent on the terms 
of the contracts in such chain. 
If the Notes are held outside the clearing systems, the Noteholder will be the person who holds the 
definitive Bearer Note (in the case of Bearer Notes in definitive form) or the person in whose name a 
Registered Note is registered (in the case of Registered Notes). 
17. 
What rights do Noteholders have against the Issuer? 
Noteholders’ rights include the right to any payments payable to Noteholders in accordance with the 
Master Conditions and the applicable Accessory Conditions. Noteholders may also have the right to 
make certain determinations or decisions (which may sometimes be required to be by a resolution of 
Noteholders) and the Issuer may only take certain actions with respect to the Notes if approved by 
Noteholders. Noteholders should note that, notwithstanding they may be owed payments under the

--- Page 76 ---
COMMONLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
 
76 
Notes, their rights of direct action against the Issuer are limited as the right to take such action is 
generally instead vested in the Trustee (see paragraph 20 (“Who can enforce your rights against the 
Issuer if the Issuer has failed to make a payment on the Notes?”) below). 
18. 
What are the requirements for exercising Noteholders’ rights in respect of the Notes?  
The Conditions specify the requirements for exercising each right in respect of the Notes, including the 
person (if any) that is entitled to enforce such right on behalf of the Noteholders and the required 
percentage of Noteholders (if any) that may direct such person to enforce such right. For example, the 
Conditions specify that only the Trustee may exercise the right to enforce the Security on behalf of 
Noteholders if a default in payment by the Issuer has occurred. The Noteholders may direct the Trustee 
to exercise such rights by way of an Extraordinary Resolution. An “Extraordinary Resolution” means a 
resolution passed at a duly convened meeting by a majority consisting of not less than 75 per cent. of 
the votes cast at such meeting. 
In certain circumstances, where the Notes are held on behalf of a clearing system, the Issuer and the 
Trustee will be entitled to rely upon approval of a resolution proposed by the Issuer or the Trustee (as 
the case may be) given by way of electronic consents communicated through the electronic 
communication systems of the relevant clearing system(s) in accordance with their operating rules and 
procedures by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. of the aggregate principal 
amount of the Notes of the relevant Series then outstanding, and neither the Issuer nor the Trustee will 
be liable or responsible to anyone for such reliance.  
In other circumstances where electronic consent is not being sought, Noteholders may also pass 
written resolutions on matters relating to the Notes without calling a meeting. A written resolution must 
be signed by or on behalf of the holders of at least 75 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of the 
Notes of the relevant Series then outstanding. For the purpose of determining whether a written 
resolution has been validly passed, the Issuer and the Trustee shall be entitled to rely on consent or 
instructions given in writing directly to the Issuer and/or the Trustee, as the case may be, by 
accountholders in the clearing system with entitlements to the Notes and/or, where the accountholders 
hold any such entitlement on behalf of another person, on written consent from or written instruction by 
the person for whom such entitlement is ultimately beneficially held. 
Such a written resolution or an electronic consent described in the previous paragraphs may be 
effected in connection with any matter affecting the interests of Noteholders that would otherwise be 
required to be passed at a meeting of Noteholders and shall take effect as an Extraordinary Resolution. 
These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not 
attend and vote at the relevant meeting or in respect of the relevant resolution (or participate in the 
written resolution or electronic consent, as the case may be) and Noteholders who voted in a manner 
contrary to the majority (either in a meeting or by written resolution). 
Noteholders should be aware that, even if they have directed the Trustee to act in accordance with the 
Conditions, the Trustee may request that it is indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded before it so 
acts. 
19. 
How do you exercise a right to vote or enforce your rights in respect of the Notes? 
If the Notes are held through a clearing system then, as rights under the Notes can only be exercised 
by the legal Noteholders (see paragraph 16 (“Who is the “Noteholder”?”) above), you must contact the 
custodian, broker or other entity through which you hold your interest in the Notes if you wish for any 
vote to be cast or direction to be given on your behalf. 
In respect of Notes held outside the clearing system, you may exercise your rights to vote or give 
directions directly in accordance with the Conditions.

--- Page 77 ---
COMMONLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
 
77 
20. 
Who can enforce your rights against the Issuer if the Issuer has failed to make a payment on the 
Notes? 
The Issuer will execute a Trust Deed in respect of each Series, under which it will covenant to the 
Trustee that it will make the relevant payments and deliveries due on the Notes. The Trustee will hold 
the benefit of this covenant for Noteholders. If the Issuer fails to make a payment or delivery when due, 
only the Trustee may pursue the remedies available under the Trust Deed to enforce the rights of the 
Noteholders, unless the Trustee fails to do so within a reasonable period after having become bound to 
do so and such failure is continuing. 
21. 
When will the Security be enforced? 
The Security may be enforced by the Trustee following the occurrence of an Enforcement Event. 
An Enforcement Event includes, amongst other events, the failure by the Issuer to pay (i) the Early 
Redemption Amount in respect of the Notes on the Early Redemption Date or (ii) any principal or 
interest in respect of the Notes on the Maturity Date and such failure is continuing on the Relevant 
Payment Date.  
The Trustee shall enforce the Security following the occurrence of an Enforcement Event if it is (i) 
requested in writing by holders of at least 20 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes 
then outstanding, (ii) directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders or (iii) directed in 
writing by the Swap Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty or the SL Counterparty (whichever shall be 
the first to so request or direct, as the case may be) (provided in each case that the Trustee shall have 
been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction and provided that the Trustee has 
given an Enforcement Notice to the Issuer, the Custodian, the Swap Counterparty, the Repo 
Counterparty, the SL Counterparty and any Disposal Agent appointed at that time). 
22. 
How are payments made to you? 
If the Notes are held through a clearing system, payments will be made in accordance with the contract 
you have with your broker, custodian or other entity through which you hold your interest in the Notes. 
For Notes not held through a clearing system, the “Noteholder” will be the investor who physically holds 
the Note (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the investor shown on the register (in the case of Registered 
Notes). To receive payment of principal, interest or other amounts, you will need to contact a paying 
agent (for Bearer Notes) or the registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) and present evidence of your 
holding of the relevant Note. The Issuer will not make payments to you directly but will do so through 
the relevant agents. 
23. 
When are payments made to investors? 
Payments of principal and, if applicable, interest or other amounts are made on the dates specified in 
the applicable Accessory Conditions. 
24. 
Who calculates the amounts payable? 
Determinations will be made by the Calculation Agent. The Calculation Agent will be the entity specified 
in the applicable Accessory Conditions.  
The Calculation Agent is an agent of the Issuer and not of the Noteholders. You should also be aware 
that the Calculation Agent is likely to be an affiliate of the Dealer, the Swap Counterparty, the Repo 
Counterparty and the SL Counterparty. See the section of this Base Prospectus titled “Risk Factors” 
and the risk factors titled “Conflicts of interest” therein. 
If the Calculation Agent is insolvent or if the Calculation Agent is an affiliate of the Swap Counterparty, 
the Repo Counterparty or the SL Counterparty and the Swap Counterparty, Repo Counterparty or SL

--- Page 78 ---
COMMONLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
 
78 
Counterparty is in default or insolvent, a replacement Calculation Agent may be appointed in 
accordance with the Conditions to make any necessary calculations.  
The calculation agent under the Swap Agreement is responsible for performing the calculations and 
determinations required under the Swap Agreement in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner. The calculation agent will be the Swap Counterparty. If the Swap Counterparty is insolvent, 
the replacement calculation agent shall be the replacement calculation agent appointed in respect of 
the related Notes.  
25. 
Are the Calculation Agent’s determinations binding on you? 
All calculations and determinations made by the Calculation Agent in relation to the Notes will be final 
and binding (except in the case of manifest error).  
26. 
Will you be able to sell your Notes? If so, what will be the price of the Notes? 
A market may not develop for the Notes. While one or more of the Programme Dealers may make a 
market in the Notes upon their issuance, they are under no obligation to do so and may cease to do so 
at any time. Even if a Programme Dealer does make a market in the Notes, there is no guarantee that 
a secondary market will develop or, to the extent that a secondary market does exist, that such market 
will provide the holders of any such Notes with liquidity or will continue for the life of the Notes. You 
should therefore be prepared to hold your Notes until their maturity date. 
The Notes may be subject to certain transfer restrictions and, in such case, will only be capable of 
being transferred to certain transferees under certain circumstances. Such restrictions on the transfer 
of Notes may further limit their liquidity. 
Please see the section of this Base Prospectus titled “Secondary Market, Swap Counterparty 
Replacement and Swap Close-Out Quotations” for a summary of the conditions to any quotation being 
provided by a Programme Dealer. 
Please see the section of this Base Prospectus titled “Risk Factors - Risks relating to the Notes – 
Market value of Notes” for a description of factors that may be relevant for determining the price of the 
Notes at any given time. Please note that any price at which Notes may be sold prior to the maturity 
date may be at a discount, which could be substantial, to the value at which the Notes were acquired 
on the issue date. 
27. 
Are there any fees, expenses or taxes to pay when purchasing, holding or selling Notes? What 
other taxes might affect the Notes? 
You may incur fees and expenses in relation to the purchase, holding, transfer and sale of Notes. You 
should also be aware that stamp duties or taxes may have to be paid in accordance with the laws and 
practices of the country where the Notes are transferred.  
You should note that, if the Issuer, the Trustee, any Agent or the Custodian is required by applicable 
law to apply any withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties or 
charges of whatsoever nature, it will account to the relevant authorities for the amount so required to be 
withheld or deducted and only pay the net amount after application of such withholding or deduction. 
None of the Issuer, the Trustee, any Agent or the Custodian will be obliged to make any additional 
payments to you in respect of such withholding or deduction. 
If a tax is imposed on payments to the Issuer in respect of the Original Collateral, the Swap Agreement, 
the Repo Agreement or the SL Agreement, or on payments from the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty 
under the Swap Agreement, to the Repo Counterparty under the Repo Agreement or to the SL 
Counterparty under the SL Agreement, the Notes will generally be redeemed at their Early Redemption 
Amount.

--- Page 79 ---
COMMONLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
 
79 
General information relating to certain aspects of Luxembourg taxation is set out under the section of 
this Base Prospectus titled “Taxation”. You should consult your selling agent for details of fees, 
expenses, commissions or other costs and your own tax advisers in order to understand fully the tax 
implications specific to investment in any Notes.  
28. 
Can the Issuer amend the Conditions of Notes without your consent? 
The Issuer may amend the Conditions without the consent of the Noteholders if:  
(i) 
the Trustee determines that the relevant amendment is of a formal, minor or technical nature or 
is made to correct a manifest error or is not materially prejudicial to the interests of the 
Noteholders in accordance with the terms of the Trust Deed; 
(ii) 
the Issuer determines that the relevant amendments are necessary to reflect the appointment or 
replacement of any Agent or the Custodian; 
(iii) 
such amendments are necessary to avoid the imposition of withholding on payments made to 
the Issuer, or fines or penalties that would be suffered by the Issuer, under an applicable 
Information Reporting Regime; 
(iv) 
such amendments constitute the replacement of a Reference Rate with a Replacement 
Reference Rate or are necessary or appropriate in order to account for the effect of the 
replacement of a Reference Rate with a Replacement Reference Rate (as adjusted by the 
Adjustment Spread) and/or to preserve as closely as practicable the economic equivalence of 
the Notes before and after the replacement of a Reference Rate with a Replacement Reference 
Rate (as adjusted by the Adjustment Spread);  
(v) 
the purpose of such amendments is to account for any Original Collateral Disruption Event 
Losses/Gains incurred by the Swap Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty and/or the SL 
Counterparty; or 
(vi) 
such amendments are required in order to cause (a) the transactions contemplated by the 
Conditions and the Transaction Documents to be compliant with all Relevant Regulatory Laws, 
(b) the Issuer and each Transaction Party to be compliant with all Relevant Regulatory Laws or 
(c) the Issuer and each Transaction Party to be able to continue to transact future business (as 
issuer of Notes or as a transaction party to the Issuer pursuant to the Programme) in compliance 
with all Relevant Regulatory Laws, 
and, in the case of paragraphs (iii) to (vi) above, subject to the satisfaction of additional requirements 
set out in the Conditions.  
Any amendment pursuant to paragraphs (i) or (ii) above shall only be notified to the Noteholders if 
required by the Trustee.  
29. 
Will the Programme be rated? 
The Programme is not rated. However, Notes may be rated by Fitch, Moody’s, R&I, and/or S&P.

--- Page 80 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
80 
MASTER CONDITIONS 
The following is the text of the Master Conditions applicable to the Notes issued under the Programme. Such 
Master Conditions, subject to completion in accordance with the provisions of Part A of the applicable Final 
Terms or completion and amendment and as supplemented and/or varied in accordance with the provisions of 
Part A of the applicable Pricing Terms, shall be applicable to the Notes. Either (i) the full text of these Master 
Conditions together with the relevant provisions of Part A of the applicable Accessory Conditions or (ii) these 
Master Conditions as so completed (in the case of Final Terms) or as so completed, amended, supplemented 
or varied (in the case of Pricing Terms) (and in each case subject to simplification by the deletion of non-
applicable provisions) shall be endorsed on any Bearer Note or on any Certificate relating to a Registered 
Note. In respect of the Notes, Accessory Conditions means the Accessory Conditions completed by the Issuer 
which specifies the issue details of the Notes. References in the Conditions to Notes are to the Notes of one 
Series only, not to all Notes that may be issued under the Programme. 
The Notes are constituted and secured by the Trust Deed entered into between, among others, the Issuer and 
the Trustee for such Series. These Master Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed 
provisions of the Trust Deed. 
An Agency Agreement will be entered into in relation to each Series between, among others, the Issuer, the 
Trustee, HSBC Bank plc as issuing and paying agent and one of the Programme Disposal Agents as disposal 
agent. A Custody Agreement will be entered into in relation to each Series between the Issuer, the Trustee 
and HSBC Bank plc as custodian. 
The Noteholders, the Couponholders and the holders of Receipts are entitled to the benefit of, are bound by, 
and are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of the Trust Deed and are deemed to have notice of 
those provisions applicable to them of the Programme Deed and the Agency Agreement. 
1 
Definitions and Interpretation 
Capitalised terms used but not defined in the Conditions shall have the meanings given to them in the 
Master Definitions referred to in the Issue Deed for the Notes. The Conditions shall be construed and 
interpreted in accordance with the principles of construction and interpretation set out in the Master 
Definitions.  
For convenience in reading this Base Prospectus, set out below are extracts from the Master Definitions 
of defined terms used in the Conditions.  
“100% Noteholders” means any holder or group of holders that together beneficially hold 100 per cent. 
of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding. 
“2006 ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by ISDA, as amended and updated 
from time to time. 
“2021 ISDA Definitions” means the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions published by ISDA 
(including any matrices, such as the Floating Rate Matrix, referred to therein), as amended and updated 
from time to time. 
“2021 ISDA Definitions Publication Version” means, in respect of each Series, the latest available 
version of the 2021 ISDA Definitions as at the Initial Reference Date of the first Tranche of such Series, 
as specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions. 
“Accessory Conditions” means either the Final Terms or the Pricing Terms for the relevant Notes, as 
applicable.

--- Page 81 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
81 
“Adjustment Spread” means the adjustment, if any, to a Replacement Reference Rate that the 
Calculation Agent determines is required in order to:  
(i) 
reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable, any transfer of economic value from (a) 
the Issuer to the Noteholders and the Couponholders or (b) the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders to the Issuer, in each case that would otherwise arise as a result of the 
replacement of the Reference Rate with the Replacement Reference Rate;  
(ii) 
reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable, any transfer of economic value from (a) 
the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty and/or the Repo Counterparty or (b) the Swap Counterparty 
and/or the Repo Counterparty to the Issuer, in each case that would otherwise arise as a result of 
any changes made to the Swap Agreement and the Repo Agreement as a consequence of the 
replacement under the Notes of the Reference Rate with the Replacement Reference Rate; and 
(iii) 
reflect any losses, expenses and costs that have been or that will be incurred by the Swap 
Counterparty and/or the Repo Counterparty as a result of entering into, maintaining and/or 
unwinding any transactions to hedge the Swap Counterparty’s obligations under the Swap 
Transactions under the Swap Agreement and/or the Repo Counterparty’s obligations under the 
Repo Transactions under the Repo Agreement (as applicable), in each case to remove any 
difference between the cash flows under the Notes and any transactions in place to hedge the 
Swap Counterparty’s obligations under the Swap Transactions under the Swap Agreement and/or 
the Repo Counterparty’s obligations under the Repo Transactions under the Repo Agreement (as 
applicable) which have resulted following the occurrence of a Reference Rate Event.  
Any such adjustment may take account of, without limitation, any anticipated transfer of economic value 
as a result of any difference in the term structure or tenor of the Replacement Reference Rate by 
comparison to the Reference Rate. The Adjustment Spread may be positive, negative or zero or 
determined pursuant to a formula or methodology. 
“Administrator/Benchmark Event” means, for a Series and a Reference Rate, any authorisation, 
registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, approval or inclusion in any official register 
in respect of the Reference Rate or the administrator or sponsor of the Reference Rate has not been, or 
will not be, obtained or has been, or will be, rejected, refused, suspended or withdrawn by the relevant 
competent authority or other relevant official body, in each case with the effect that either (i) the Issuer, 
the Calculation Agent or any other entity is not, or will not be, permitted under any applicable law or 
regulation to use the Reference Rate to perform its or their respective obligations under the Notes or (ii) 
the Swap Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty, the SL Counterparty or any other entity is not, or will not 
be, permitted under any applicable law or regulation to use the Reference Rate to perform its or their 
respective obligations under any transactions in place to hedge the Swap Counterparty’s obligations 
under the Swap Transactions under the Swap Agreement, the Repo Counterparty’s obligations under the 
Repo Transactions under the Repo Agreement and/or the SL Counterparty’s obligations under the SL 
Transactions under the SL Agreement (as applicable). 
If, for a Series and a Reference Rate, (i) an event or circumstance which would otherwise constitute or 
give rise to an Administrator/Benchmark Event also constitutes a Reference Rate Cessation or (ii) a 
Reference Rate Cessation and an Administrator/Benchmark Event would otherwise be continuing at the 
same time, it will in either case constitute a Reference Rate Cessation and will not constitute or give rise 
to an Administrator/Benchmark Event provided that, if the date that would otherwise have been the 
Administrator/Benchmark Event Date would have occurred before the Reference Rate is no longer 
available or becomes non-representative, Condition 9(e) (Interim Measures) shall apply as if an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event had occurred.

--- Page 82 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
82 
“Administrator/Benchmark Event Date” means, for a Series and an Administrator/Benchmark Event, 
the date on which the authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, 
approval or inclusion in any official register is: 
(i) 
required under any applicable law or regulation; or 
(ii) 
rejected, refused, suspended or withdrawn, if the applicable law or regulation provides that the 
Reference Rate is not permitted to be used under the Notes following rejection, refusal, 
suspension or withdrawal, 
or, in each case, if such date occurs before the Reference Rate Trade Date, the Reference Rate Trade 
Date. 
“Affected Instructing Noteholder” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(c)(iv). 
“Affiliate” means, in relation to any person, any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, by that person, any 
entity that controls, directly or indirectly, that person or any entity, directly or indirectly, under common 
control with that person. For this purpose, “control” means ownership of a majority of the voting power of 
the entity or person. 
“Agency Agreement” means, for a Series, the agency agreement for that Series created by entry into of 
the Issue Deed for the first Tranche of that Series, on the terms of the Master Agency Terms as 
amended by such Issue Deed.  
“Agents” means:  
(i) 
for Bearer Notes, the Calculation Agent, the Disposal Agent, the Issuing and Paying Agent and 
the other Paying Agents; and 
(ii) 
for Registered Notes, the Calculation Agent, the Disposal Agent, the Issuing and Paying Agent, 
the Registrar and the other Transfer Agents,  
for that Series, together with, in each case, such other agent(s) as may be appointed by the Issuer for 
that Series and any Successor thereto, and references to “Agent” means any of them. 
“Aggregate Undeliverable Original Collateral Amount” has the meaning given to it in Condition 
5(c)(v). 
“ATAD” means the Council Directive (EU) 2016/1164 of 12 July 2016 laying down rules against tax 
avoidance practices that directly affect the functioning of the internal market dated 12 July 2016 (which 
was transposed into Luxembourg domestic law by the law of 21 December 2018 and entered into force 
on 1 January 2019), as amended by the Council Directive (EU) 2017/952 of 29 May 2017 (which was 
implemented into Luxembourg domestic law by the law of 20 December 2019) and entered into force on 
1 January 2020, except for the reverse hybrid mismatch rule, which entered into force on 1 January 
2022. 
“Authority” means any competent regulatory, prosecuting, tax or governmental authority in any 
jurisdiction. 
“Available Proceeds” means, with respect to a Liquidation Event or Enforcement Event relating to a 
Series and as of a particular day: 
(i) 
all cash sums derived from any Liquidation of the Collateral for that Series, any amount paid by 
the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer as a result of the termination of all outstanding Swap 
Transactions under the Swap Agreement relating to that Series, any amount paid by the Repo 
Counterparty to the Issuer as a result of the termination of all outstanding Repo Transactions 
under the Repo Agreement relating to that Series, any amount paid by the SL Counterparty to the 
Issuer as a result of the termination of all outstanding SL Transactions under the SL Agreement

--- Page 83 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
83 
relating to that Series, any amounts realised by the Trustee on enforcement of the Security and all 
other cash sums available to the Issuer or the Trustee, as the case may be, derived from the 
Mortgaged Property for such Series (after deduction of, or provision for, any Negative Interest); 
less 
(ii) 
any cash sums which have already been applied by the Issuer pursuant to Condition 15(a) 
(Application of Available Proceeds of Liquidation) of such Series on any Issuer Application Date or 
by the Trustee pursuant to Condition 15(b) (Application of Available Proceeds of Enforcement of 
Security) of such Series on any Trustee Application Date, as the case may be. 
“Bankruptcy Credit Event” means the occurrence of a Credit Event as a result of Bankruptcy, and with 
each of “Credit Event” and “Bankruptcy” having the meaning given to them in the ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions. 
“Bankruptcy Event” has the meaning given to the term “Bankruptcy” in Section 4.2 of the ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions, provided that the words “means the Reference Entity” in the first line thereof shall 
be replaced with the words “means, with respect to any person, such person”. 
“Bearer Note” means a Note that is in bearer form, and includes any replacement Bearer Note issued 
pursuant to the Conditions and any Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global Note. 
“Board” means the board of directors of SPIRE. 
“Business Day” means: 
(i) 
in respect of any Definitive Bearer Note, Receipt or Coupon, a day on which commercial banks 
and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including 
dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the relevant place of presentation; 
(ii) 
in respect of any other place, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
settle payments and are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in such place; or 
(iii) 
where “TARGET” is specified in the context of a Business Day, a day which is a TARGET 
Business Day. 
“Business Day Convention” means each of (i) the Following Business Day Convention, (ii) the Modified 
Following Business Day Convention and (iii) the Preceding Business Day Convention. 
“Calculation Agent” means, for a Series, the person specified as such in the applicable Accessory 
Conditions or any Successor thereto, in each case at its Specified Office. 
“Calculation Agent Bankruptcy Event” means, for a Series, (i) a Bankruptcy Event occurs with respect 
to the Calculation Agent for that Series, (ii) a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved 
that a Bankruptcy Credit Event has occurred in respect of the Calculation Agent, or any analogous 
determination has been made by a committee or person under any definitions that replace the ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions as the market standard terms for credit derivatives or under any 
amendment of or supplement to the ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions, (iii) the Calculation Agent for 
that Series is an Affiliate of the Swap Counterparty and a Swap Counterparty Bankruptcy Event has 
occurred, (iv) the Calculation Agent for that Series is an Affiliate of the Repo Counterparty and a Repo 
Counterparty Bankruptcy Event has occurred and/or (v) the Calculation Agent for that Series is an 
Affiliate of the SL Counterparty and an SL Counterparty Bankruptcy Event has occurred. 
“Calculation Amount” means, in respect of a Note and an Interest Period, the amount specified in the 
applicable Accessory Conditions.

--- Page 84 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
84 
“Calculation Amount Factor” means, in respect of a Note, the number equal to the outstanding 
principal amount of such Note divided by the Calculation Amount. 
“Certificate” means a registered certificate substantially in the form (save in the case of a Global 
Certificate) set out as a “Certificate” in the Master Forms of Notes, and representing one or more 
Registered Notes of the same Series and, save as provided in the Conditions for that Series, comprising 
the entire holding by a Noteholder of his Registered Notes of that Series. 
“Certification” means the presentation to the Issuing and Paying Agent of a certificate or certificates with 
respect to one or more interests in a Temporary Global Note, signed by Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (substantially to the effect of Schedule 3 (Clearing System Certificate of Non-U.S. 
Citizenship and Residency) to the Agency Agreement), to the effect that such clearance system has 
received a certificate or certificates substantially to the effect of Schedule 2 (Accountholder Certificate of 
Non-U.S. Citizenship and Residency) to the Agency Agreement and that no contrary advice as to the 
contents thereof has been received by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
“Clearstream, Luxembourg” means Clearstream Banking S.A. 
“Code” means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986. 
“Collateral” means, for a Series, the Issuer’s rights, title and/or interests in and to any of the following: 
(i) 
the Original Collateral (other than any Original Collateral that the Issuer may have sold, posted or 
otherwise disposed of under the terms of the Credit Support Annex, the Repo Agreement or the 
SL Agreement); 
(ii) 
from time to time, any Swap Counterparty CSA Posted Collateral, Repo Posted Collateral and SL 
Posted Collateral; 
(iii) 
any other securities, cash or other assets or property transferred or delivered to the Issuer 
pursuant to the Credit Support Annex, the Repo Agreement or the SL Agreement; and 
(iv) 
any cash transferred to any cash account in the name of SPIRE opened in London in the books of 
the Custodian and which is used solely for the purpose of holding amounts that are to be used in 
paying any costs of the Issuer which relate to such Series and which would not have arisen but for 
the issuance of such Series, including any litigation relating to such Series. 
Collateral for a Series shall include the rights, title and/or interests in and to (A) any further Collateral 
acquired by the Issuer in connection with any further issue of notes that are to be consolidated and form 
a single series with the Notes of that Series, (B) any Collateral acquired by the Issuer by way of 
substitution or replacement of any Collateral previously held by it for that Series and (C) any asset or 
property (which may, for the avoidance of doubt, include the benefit of contractual rights) into which any 
of the Collateral for that Series is converted or exchanged or that is issued to the Issuer (or any relevant 
person holding such Collateral for or on behalf of the Issuer) by virtue of its holding thereof. 
“Collateral Criteria”, for a Series, has the meaning given to it in Part B of Schedule 2 (Note Criteria) to 
the Dealer Agreement. 
“Collateral Obligor” means, for a Series, any person that has an obligation or duty to the Issuer (or any 
relevant person holding the Collateral for such Series for or on behalf of the Issuer) in respect of the 
Collateral for that Series pursuant to the terms of such Collateral. 
“Collateral Proceeds” means, for a Series, the Specified Currency Equivalent of all cash sums derived 
from any Liquidation of the Collateral for that Series as of the Early Valuation Date for that Series, 
provided that if any Collateral of that Series has not been Liquidated by such Early Valuation Date, then 
the Collateral Proceeds in respect of such Collateral not then Liquidated shall be deemed to be the fair

--- Page 85 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
85 
bid-side market value of such Collateral as of the Early Valuation Date (as determined by the Calculation 
Agent) net of any taxes, costs or charges that would be incurred on the sale of such Collateral. 
“Collateral Sale Agreement” means, in respect of a Tranche, the collateral sale agreement for that 
Tranche created by entry into of the Issue Deed for that Tranche, on the terms of the Master Collateral 
Sale Terms as amended by such Issue Deed. 
“Common Depositary” means, in relation to a Series, a depositary common to Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
“Companies Act 1915” means the law of 10 August 1915 relating to commercial companies. 
“Compartment” means the compartment established by the Board in relation to a Series, where 
compartment has the meaning given to it in articles 62 et seq of the Securitisation Act 2004. 
“Conditions” means, for a Series, the Master Conditions, (i) as completed, amended, supplemented 
and/or varied by the provisions of Part A of the applicable Accessory Conditions (provided that where 
Notes of a Series are issued by way of Final Terms pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation, the 
Conditions may not be amended, supplemented or varied by the Final Terms) and (ii) to the extent that 
the Notes are represented by a Global Note or Global Certificate, as the case may be, as further 
completed, amended, supplemented and/or varied by the terms of the Global Note or Global Certificate, 
as the case may be. Reference to a particularly numbered Condition shall be construed as a reference to 
the Condition so numbered in the Master Conditions. 
“Couponholder” means a holders of a Coupon and, where applicable in the case of such Notes, a Talon 
for one or more further Coupons. 
“Coupons” means the bearer coupons relating to interest-bearing Bearer Notes or, as the context may 
require, a specific number of them and includes any replacement Coupons issued pursuant to the 
Conditions. 
“Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee” has the meaning given to it in the ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions. 
“Credit Support Annex” has the meaning given to it in the definition of “ISDA Master Agreement”. 
“Credit Support Balance (VM)” has the meaning given to it in the applicable Credit Support Annex. 
“CSB Return Amount” has the meaning given to it in Conditions 15(a)(i)(A) or 15(b)(i)(A), as applicable. 
“Custodian” means, for a Series, the person specified as such in the applicable Accessory Conditions or 
any Successor thereto, in each case at its Specified Office. 
“Custodian Bankruptcy Event” means, for a Series, (i) a Bankruptcy Event occurs with respect to the 
Custodian for that Series or (ii) a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that a 
Bankruptcy Credit Event has occurred in respect of the Custodian, or any analogous determination has 
been made by a committee or person under any definitions that replace the ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions as the market standard terms for credit derivatives or under any amendment of or supplement 
to the ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions. 
“Custody Account” means, for a Series, the custody account in the name of the Issuer opened in 
London in the books of the Custodian for that Series. 
“Custody Agreement” means, for a Series, the custody agreement for that Series created by entry into 
of the Issue Deed for that Series, on the terms of the Master Custody Terms as amended by such Issue 
Deed.

--- Page 86 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
86 
“Cut-off Date” means, for a Series and a Reference Rate:  
(i) 
in respect of a Reference Rate Cessation, the later of: 
(A) 
15 London Business Days following the day on which the public statement is made or the 
information is published (in each case, as referred to in the definition of “Reference Rate 
Cessation”); and 
(B) 
the first day on which the Reference Rate is no longer available or becomes non-
representative; 
(ii) 
in respect of an Administrator/Benchmark Event, the later of:  
(A) 
15 London Business Days following the day on which the Calculation Agent determines 
that an Administrator/Benchmark Event has occurred; and  
(B) 
the Administrator/Benchmark Event Date; 
(iii) 
in respect of a Risk-Free Rate Event, the later of: 
(A) 
15 London Business Days following the day on which the Calculation Agent determines 
that a Risk-Free Rate Event has occurred; and 
(B) 
the Risk-Free Rate Event Date;  
(iv) 
in respect of a Representative Statement Event, the later of: 
(A) 
15 London Business Days following the day on which the Calculation Agent determines 
that a Representative Statement Event has occurred; and 
(B) 
the Representative Statement Event Date; and  
(v) 
in respect of a Material Change Event, the later of: 
(A) 
15 London Business Days following the day on which the Calculation Agent determines 
that a Material Change Event has occurred; and 
(B) 
the Material Change Event Date, 
provided that, in each case, if more than one Relevant Nominating Body formally designates, nominates 
or recommends an interest rate, index, benchmark or other price source and one or more of those 
Relevant Nominating Bodies does so on or after the day that is three London Business Days before the 
date determined pursuant to paragraphs (i) to (iv) above (as applicable), then the Cut-off Date will 
instead be the second London Business Day following the date that, but for this proviso, would have 
been the Cut-off Date. 
“D Rules Note” means a Temporary Global Note in respect of which “TEFRA D” or “TEFRA Not 
Applicable” is specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for any 
Interest Period: 
(i) 
if “1/1” is specified, 1; 
(ii) 
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual-ISDA” is specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions, 
the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest 
Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365);

--- Page 87 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
87 
(iii) 
if “Actual/Actual-ICMA” is specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions, a fraction equal to 
“number of days accrued/number of days in year”, as such terms are used in Rule 251 of the 
statutes, by-laws, rules and recommendations of the International Capital Market Association (the 
“ICMA Rule Book”), calculated in accordance with Rule 251 of the ICMA Rule Book as applied to 
non U.S. dollar denominated straight and convertible bonds issued after 31 December 1998, as 
though the interest on a bond were being calculated for a coupon period corresponding to the 
Interest Period; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(v) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 360; 
(vi) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
(
)


(
)

(
)
360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−

+
−

 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case 
D2 will be 30; 
(vii) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions, the number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
(
)


(
)

(
)
360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−

+
−

 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Interest Period falls;

--- Page 88 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
88 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(viii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
(
)


(
)

(
)
360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−

+
−

 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that day 
is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) 
such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(ix) 
if “Act/365L” is specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if the Interest Period End Date falling at the end of the Interest 
Period falls in a leap year, divided by 366); 
(x) 
if “Calculation/252” is specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions, the actual number of 
Reference Business Days falling in the Interest Period following application of the relevant 
Business Day Convention to the applicable Interest Period End Dates, divided by 252; and 
(xi) 
if “RBA Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions:  
(A) 
where Interest Periods are three months in length (excluding any shorter or longer first and 
last Interest Periods), 0.25; 
(B) 
where Interest Periods are six months in length (excluding any shorter or longer first and 
last Interest Periods), 0.5; and 
(C) 
where Interest Periods are twelve months in length (excluding any shorter or longer first 
and last Interest Periods), 1, 
provided that, in each case, if the first and/or last Interest Periods are shorter than the other 
Interest Periods, “Actual/Actual-ISDA” shall apply in respect of such Interest Period(s) instead. 
“Dealer” means, in respect of a Tranche, the entity specified as such in the applicable Accessory 
Conditions. 
“Dealer Agreement” means, in respect of a Tranche, the dealer agreement for that Tranche created by 
entry into of the Issue Deed for that Tranche, on the terms of the Master Dealer Terms as amended by 
such Issue Deed.

--- Page 89 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
89 
“Deed of Substitution” means a deed substantially in the form of Schedule 8 (Form of Deed of 
Substitution) to the Programme Deed. 
“Default Interest” has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(e) (Accrual of Interest). 
“Definitive Bearer Note” means a Bearer Note in definitive form having, where appropriate, Coupons, 
Receipt(s) and/or a Talon attached on issue and includes any replacement Note issued pursuant to the 
Conditions. 
“Definitive Registered Note” means a Certificate (other than a Global Certificate) and includes any 
replacement Certificate issued pursuant to the Conditions. 
“Delayed Interest Payment Days” means, for a Series, the number of Reference Business Days 
specified as such in the applicable Accessory Conditions for the purposes of “Delayed Payment”. 
“Deliverable Cash Amount” means, in respect of an Instructing Noteholder, the product of (i) the 
Instructing Noteholder Undeliverable Percentage in respect of that Instructing Noteholder and (ii) the net 
proceeds realised from the Liquidation of the Aggregate Undeliverable Original Collateral Amount, in 
each case after deduction of the following: (i) any taxes required to be paid by virtue of such Liquidation 
and (ii) any costs, charges, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Issuer or the Disposal Agent by virtue 
of such Liquidation. 
“Deliverable Original Collateral Amount” means the principal amount of Original Collateral to be 
delivered to an Instructing Noteholder (by reference to the Instructing Noteholder Proportion in respect of 
that Instructing Noteholder) rounded down to the nearest amount that is capable of being delivered, 
assigned or transferred. 
“Director” means a director of SPIRE. 
“Disposal Agent” means, for a Series, the person specified as such in the applicable Accessory 
Conditions or any Successor thereto, in each case at its Specified Office. 
“Disposal Agent Bankruptcy Event” means, for a Series, (i) a Bankruptcy Event occurs with respect to 
the Disposal Agent for that Series, (ii) a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that 
a Bankruptcy Credit Event has occurred in respect of the Disposal Agent, or any analogous 
determination has been made by a committee or person under any definitions that replace the ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions as the market standard terms for credit derivatives or under any 
amendment of or supplement to the ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions, (iii) the Disposal Agent for that 
Series is an Affiliate of the Swap Counterparty and a Swap Counterparty Bankruptcy Event has occurred, 
(iv) the Disposal Agent for that Series is an Affiliate of the Repo Counterparty and a Repo Counterparty 
Bankruptcy Event has occurred and/or (v) the Disposal Agent for that Series is an Affiliate of the SL 
Counterparty and an SL Counterparty Bankruptcy Event has occurred. 
“Disposal Agent Fees” has the meaning given to it in the definition of “Liquidation Expenses”. 
“Dodd-Frank Act” means the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010. 
“Early Redemption Amount” means, for a Series, an amount per Note outstanding on the relevant Early 
Redemption Date equal to: 
(i) 
with respect to Notes issued by way of Pricing Terms, the amount specified as such in the 
applicable Pricing Terms (or the amount determined in accordance with the formula or method for 
determining such amount specified therein);  
(ii) 
where the Notes are redeemed pursuant to Condition 8(o) (Redemption Following Satisfaction of 
an Issuer Call Condition), an amount determined by the Calculation Agent to be an amount equal 
to the Issuer Call Redemption Amount; or

--- Page 90 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
90 
(iii) 
if no such amount is specified in the applicable Pricing Terms, or with respect to Notes issued by 
way of Final Terms, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent to be an amount equal to that 
Note’s pro rata share of: 
(A) 
the Collateral Proceeds; plus 
(B) 
the sum of (I) any Termination Payment in respect of the Swap Agreement that is payable 
to the Issuer (together, if applicable, with any interest payable thereon and any other 
amounts payable by the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer under the Swap Agreement), (II) 
any Termination Payment in respect of the Repo Agreement that is payable to the Issuer 
(together, if applicable, with any interest payable thereon and any other amounts payable 
by the Repo Counterparty to the Issuer under the Repo Agreement) and (III) any 
Termination Payment in respect of the SL Agreement that is payable to the Issuer 
(together, if applicable, with any interest payable thereon and any other amounts payable 
by the SL Counterparty to the Issuer under the SL Agreement); minus 
(C) 
the sum of (I) any Termination Payment in respect of the Swap Agreement that is payable 
by the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty (together, if applicable, with any interest payable 
thereon and any other amounts payable by the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty under the 
Swap Agreement), (II) any Termination Payment in respect of the Repo Agreement that is 
payable by the Issuer to the Repo Counterparty (together, if applicable, with any interest 
payable thereon and any other amounts payable by the Issuer to the Repo Counterparty 
under the Repo Agreement) and (III) any Termination Payment in respect of the SL 
Agreement that is payable by the Issuer to the SL Counterparty (together, if applicable, with 
any interest payable thereon and any other amounts payable by the Issuer to the SL 
Counterparty under the SL Agreement).  
“Early Redemption Date” means, for a Series: 
(i) 
for all purposes other than where an Early Redemption Trigger Date occurs as a result of (A) an 
Original Collateral Call pursuant to Condition 8(e) (Redemption for Original Collateral Call), (B) the 
satisfaction of an Issuer Call Condition pursuant to Condition 8(o) (Redemption Following 
Satisfaction of an Issuer Call Condition), (C) the exercise of a Noteholder Early Redemption 
Option pursuant to Condition 8(p) (Redemption Following Exercise of Noteholder Early 
Redemption Option) or (D) the occurrence of a SPIRE Bankruptcy Event pursuant to Condition 
8(q) (Redemption Following the Occurrence of an Event of Default), the earlier of (I) (a) the 15th 
Reference Business Day (where “Liquidation Period Cut-off” is specified as 10 Reference 
Business Days in the applicable Accessory Conditions) or (b) the 35th Reference Business Day 
(where “Liquidation Period Cut-off” is specified as 30 Reference Business Days in the applicable 
Accessory Conditions) following the relevant Early Redemption Trigger Date for that Series and 
(II) the fifth Reference Business Day following the date on which the Collateral of that Series has 
been Liquidated in full; 
(ii) 
for the purposes of Condition 8(e) (Redemption for Original Collateral Call), (A) the 15th 
Reference Business Day (where “Liquidation Period Cut-off” is specified as 10 Reference 
Business Days in the applicable Accessory Conditions) or (B) the 35th Reference Business Day 
(where “Liquidation Period Cut-off” is specified as 30 Reference Business Days in the applicable 
Accessory Conditions) following the later of the Original Collateral Call Early Payment Date for 
that Series and the Early Redemption Trigger Date for that Series (provided that, if all the 
Collateral of that Series has been redeemed and/or Liquidated on or before the third Reference 
Business Day prior to such date, the Early Redemption Date for that Series shall be the third 
Reference Business Day after the later of (I) the Early Redemption Trigger Date for that Series

--- Page 91 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
91 
and (II) the date on which all proceeds of such redemption and/or Liquidation of Collateral of that 
Series have been received by or on behalf of the Issuer);  
(iii) 
for the purposes of Condition 8(o) (Redemption Following Satisfaction of an Issuer Call Condition), 
the Issuer Call Redemption Date;  
(iv) 
for the purposes of Condition 8(p) (Redemption Following Exercise of Noteholder Early 
Redemption Option), the date designated as such in the relevant Noteholder Early Redemption 
Option Exercise Notice; and 
(v) 
for the purposes of a SPIRE Bankruptcy Event and Condition 8(q) (Redemption Following the 
Occurrence of an Event of Default), the fifth Reference Business Day following the Early 
Redemption Trigger Date for that Series. 
“Early Redemption Notice” means, for a Series, an irrevocable notice from the Issuer to Noteholders of 
that Series in accordance with Condition 23 (Notices) (or, in the case of Condition 8(q) (Redemption 
Following the Occurrence of an Event of Default), from the Trustee to the Issuer) and that specifies that 
the Notes of that Series are to be redeemed pursuant to Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase). An 
Early Redemption Notice given pursuant to Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase) must contain a 
description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the determination that the Notes of the relevant 
Series are to be redeemed and (i) in the case of an Early Redemption Notice given by the Issuer, must 
specify which of Conditions 8(c) (Redemption upon Original Collateral Default) to 8(o) (Redemption 
Following Satisfaction of an Issuer Call Condition) are applicable and (ii) in the case of an Early 
Redemption Notice given by the Trustee, must specify which of Conditions 8(q)(i) to (iii) are applicable. A 
copy of any Early Redemption Notice shall also be sent by the Issuer (when sent pursuant to Conditions 
8(c) (Redemption upon Original Collateral Default) to 8(p) (Redemption Following Exercise of Noteholder 
Early Redemption Option)) or the Trustee (when sent pursuant to Condition 8(q) (Redemption Following 
the Occurrence of an Event of Default)) to all Transaction Parties relating to that Series, save that any 
failure to give a copy shall not invalidate the relevant Early Redemption Notice. 
“Early Redemption Trigger Date” means, for a Series, the date determined as such pursuant to 
Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase). 
“Early Termination Date” means, for a Series: 
(i) 
for the purposes of the Swap Agreement, the date determined as such pursuant to the Swap 
Agreement for that Series; 
(ii) 
for the purposes of the Repo Agreement, the Repurchase Date that is deemed to occur pursuant 
to the occurrence of an Event of Default (as each such term is defined in the Repo Agreement) in 
accordance with the provisions of paragraph 10(c) of the GMRA Master Agreement; and 
(iii) 
for the purposes of the SL Agreement, the Termination Date that is designated or deemed to be 
designated pursuant to the occurrence of an Event of Default (as each such term is defined in the 
SL Agreement) in accordance with the provisions of paragraph 11.2 of the SL Agreement for that 
Series. 
“Early Valuation Date” means, for a Series, the third Reference Business Day prior to the Early 
Redemption Date of that Series. 
“Enforcement Event” means, for a Series, the occurrence of one or more of the following events: 
(i) 
following the occurrence of an Early Redemption Trigger Date in respect of that Series, the Issuer 
fails to pay the Early Redemption Amount in respect of the Notes of that Series on the Early 
Redemption Date of that Series;

--- Page 92 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
92 
(ii) 
the Issuer fails to pay (A) the Final Redemption Amount in respect of Notes of that Series and/or 
(B) any interest or Instalment Amount that has become due and payable on the Notes of that 
Series on their Maturity Date, and, in each case, has not paid any such amount (together with any 
Default Interest accrued thereon) on or by the Relevant Payment Date; 
(iii) 
following payment in full by the Issuer of any amount that has become due and payable to the 
Noteholders and the Couponholders of that Series (whether before or after the Maturity Date of 
that Series), the Issuer fails to pay any amount due and payable to the Swap Counterparty on the 
relevant due date for payment under the Swap Agreement relating to that Series; 
(iv) 
following payment in full by the Issuer of any amount that has become due and payable to the 
Noteholders and the Couponholders of that Series (whether before or after the Maturity Date of 
that Series), the Issuer fails to pay any amount due and payable to the Repo Counterparty on the 
relevant due date for payment under the Repo Agreement relating to that Series; or 
(v) 
following payment in full by the Issuer of any amount that has become due and payable to the 
Noteholders and the Couponholders of that Series (whether before or after the Maturity Date of 
that Series), the Issuer fails to pay any amount due and payable to the SL Counterparty on the 
relevant due date for payment under the SL Agreement relating to that Series. 
“Enforcement Notice”, for a Series, has the meaning given to it in Condition 14(b) (Enforcement Notice). 
“Equivalent Obligations” means any Obligations that are issued in fungible form and that share 
common terms and conditions. 
“euro” means the lawful currency of those Member States of the European Union that have adopted the 
single currency of the European Union. 
“Euroclear” means Euroclear Bank SA/NV. 
“EUWA” means the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018. 
“Event of Default” has, for a Series, the meaning given to it in Condition 8(q) (Redemption Following the 
Occurrence of an Event of Default). 
“Extraordinary Resolution” has the meaning given to it in Schedule 1 (Provisions for Meetings of 
Noteholders) to the Trust Deed. 
“FATCA” means (i) sections 1471 to 1474 of the Code, (ii) any similar or successor legislation to sections 
1471 to 1474 of the Code, (iii) any regulations or guidance pursuant to any of the foregoing, (iv) any 
official interpretations of any of the foregoing, (v) any intergovernmental agreement to facilitate the 
implementation of any of the foregoing (an “IGA”), (vi) any law implementing an IGA or (vii) any 
agreement with the United States or any other jurisdiction or authority pursuant to the foregoing. 
“FATCA Amendments”, for a Series, has the meaning given to it in Condition 12(d) (FATCA 
Amendments). 
“FATCA Amendments Certificate”, for a Series, has the meaning given to it in Condition 12(d) (FATCA 
Amendments). 
“FATCA Withholding” means any withholding or deduction imposed pursuant to FATCA. 
“Final Redemption Amount” means, for a Series, an amount per Note of that Series determined by the 
Calculation Agent for that Series equal to the “Specified Final Redemption Amount” specified in the 
applicable Accessory Conditions (or the amount determined in accordance with the formula or method 
for determining such amount specified therein) or, if no “Specified Final Redemption Amount” is 
specified, the principal amount of such Note.

--- Page 93 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
93 
“Final Terms” means, in relation to any Tranche, any final terms for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation that are issued by the Issuer and which specify the relevant issue details of such Tranche, as 
may be amended and/or supplemented from time to time in accordance with the Conditions and the 
Trust Deed. Where more than one Tranche has been issued in respect of a Series, references to the 
Final Terms of Notes of that Series shall be construed to mean the Final Terms for each Tranche 
collectively, save for where the context specifically requires a reference to Final Terms to be those for a 
particular Tranche only. Where the first Tranche of a Series is issued pursuant to Final Terms, any future 
Tranches shall also be issued using Final Terms. 
“Fitch” means Fitch Ratings Limited. 
“Fixed Rate Note” means each Note the Interest Basis of which is specified in the applicable Accessory 
Conditions to be “Fixed Rate”. 
“Floating Rate Matrix” means the “2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions Floating Rate Matrix” 
published by ISDA, as amended and updated from time to time. 
“Floating Rate Matrix Publication Version” means, in respect of each Series, the latest available 
version of the Floating Rate Matrix as at the Initial Reference Date of the first Tranche of such Series, as 
specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions. 
“Floating Rate Note” means each Note the Interest Basis of which is specified in the applicable 
Accessory Conditions to be “Floating Rate”. 
“Following Business Day Convention” means, if any date which is specified to be subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Following Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day that 
is not a Business Day or a Reference Business Day for the relevant purpose, then such date shall be 
postponed to the next day that is such a Business Day or Reference Business Day. 
“Global Certificate” means a Certificate substantially in the form set out as a “Global Certificate” in the 
Master Forms of Notes, and representing Registered Notes of one or more Tranches of the same Series. 
“Global Note” means a Temporary Global Note and/or, as the context may require, a Permanent Global 
Note. 
“GMRA Master Agreement” means, for a Series, the agreement entered into between the Issuer and 
the Repo Counterparty for such Series by execution of the Issue Deed and which is in the form of a 
Global Master Repurchase Agreement 2011 version together with an annex thereto, on the terms of the 
Master Repo Terms as amended by such Issue Deed. 
“GMSLA Master Agreement” means, for a Series, the agreement entered into between the Issuer and 
the SL Counterparty for such Series by execution of the Issue Deed and which is in the form of a Global 
Master Securities Lending Agreement (January 2010 Version) together with a schedule thereto, on the 
terms of the Master Securities Lending Terms as amended by such Issue Deed. 
“Governmental Authority” means:  
(i) 
any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, instrumentality, ministry or department 
thereof); 
(ii) 
any court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental, inter-governmental or supranational 
body;  
(iii) 
any authority or any other entity (private or public) either designated as a resolution authority or 
charged with the regulation or supervision of the financial markets (including a central bank) of an 
Original Collateral Obligor or some or of all of its obligations; or

--- Page 94 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
94 
(iv) 
any other authority which is analogous to any of the entities specified in paragraphs (i) to (iii) 
above. 
“holder” means, in relation to a Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon of a Series, means the bearer of any 
such Bearer Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon or the person in whose name a Registered Note of that 
Series is registered (as the case may be). 
“Identical Collateral” means, for a Series and Original Collateral of that Series that is in the form of 
securities, shares or any other assets which can be issued in fungible form, any such securities, shares 
or other assets that, immediately prior to the event in question, were part of the same issuance or series 
of fungible issuances of securities, shares or assets, shared common terms and conditions and ranked 
pari passu with such securities, shares or assets. 
An “Illegality Event” shall occur in respect of a Series if, due to the adoption of, or any change in, any 
applicable law after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of such Series, or due to the promulgation of, or 
any change in, the formal or informal interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with 
competent jurisdiction of any applicable law after such date, it becomes unlawful for the Issuer to (i) 
perform any absolute or contingent obligation to make a payment or delivery in respect of the Notes or 
any agreement entered into in connection with the Notes, (ii) hold any Collateral or to receive a payment 
or delivery in respect of any Collateral or (iii) comply with any other material provision of any agreement 
entered into in connection with the Notes. 
“Industry Standard Replacement Reference Rate”, for a Series and a Reference Rate, has the 
meaning given to it in the definition of “Replacement Reference Rate”. 
“Ineligible Investor” means a person who is (i) a U.S. person (as defined in Regulation S under the 
Securities Act), (ii) a U.S. person (as defined in the credit risk retention rules issued under Section 15G 
of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934) or (iii) not a Non-United States person (as defined in Rule 
4.7 under the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act of 1936, but excluding for purposes of subsection (D) 
thereof, the exception to the extent that it would apply to persons who are not Non-United States 
persons). 
“Information Reporting Regime” means (i) the common standard on reporting and due diligence for 
financial account information developed by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and 
Development, bilateral and multilateral competent authority and intergovernmental agreements, and 
treaties facilitating the implementation thereof, and any law implementing any such common standard, 
competent authority agreement, intergovernmental agreement, or treaty (including, to the extent it 
implements or is aligned with such common standard, Council Directive 2011/16/EU on administrative 
cooperation in the field of taxation and any law implementing those aspects of such Council Directive) 
and (ii) FATCA. 
“Initial Issuer Application Date” has the meaning given to it in the definition of “Issuer Application 
Date”. 
“Initial Reference Date” means, for a Series, the date specified as such in the applicable Accessory 
Conditions. 
“Instalment Amount” means, for a Series and an Instalment Date of that Series, an amount per Note 
determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the amount specified as such in the applicable Accessory 
Conditions or the amount determined in accordance with the formula or method for determining such 
amount specified therein. 
“Instalment Date” means, for a Series, each date specified as such in the applicable Accessory 
Conditions.

--- Page 95 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
95 
“Instalment Note” means each Note that provides in the applicable Accessory Conditions for Instalment 
Dates and Instalment Amounts. 
“Instructing Noteholder Proportion” means such proportion of the Original Collateral (the principal 
amount of which shall be rounded down to the nearest whole unit (e.g. one euro or one pound sterling) of 
the currency in which the Original Collateral is denominated) as equals the proportion which such 
Instructing Noteholder’s holding of Notes bears to the total principal amount outstanding of the Notes of 
all Instructing Noteholders as calculated by the Calculation Agent as at the date of the Original Collateral 
Substitution Notice. 
“Instructing Noteholders” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(c)(i). 
“Instructing Noteholder Undeliverable Percentage” means, in respect of an Instructing Noteholder, 
the Undeliverable Original Collateral Amount in respect of that Instructing Noteholder divided by the 
Aggregate Undeliverable Original Collateral Amount. 
“interest”, in the context of amounts payable in respect of the Notes of a Series, shall be deemed to 
include all Interest Amounts and all other amounts payable pursuant to Condition 7 (Interest). 
“Interest Amount” means, for a Series: 
(i) 
in respect of an Interest Period of that Series, the amount of interest payable per Calculation 
Amount for that Interest Period; and 
(ii) 
in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount for that 
period. 
“Interest Basis”, for a Series, is as specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions. 
“Interest Commencement Date” means, for a Series, the Issue Date of the first Tranche of such Series 
or such other date as may be specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions. 
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Period for a Series, 
the date specified as such in the applicable Accessory Conditions or, if none is so specified, (i) the first 
day of such Interest Period if the Specified Currency is sterling, (ii) the day falling two London Business 
Days for the Specified Currency prior to the first day of such Interest Period if the Specified Currency is 
neither sterling nor euro or (iii) the day falling two TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of such 
Interest Period if the Specified Currency is euro, in each case subject to any applicable adjustment 
provisions provided for within the Conditions. 
“Interest Payment Date” means, for a Series, each date specified as an Interest Payment Date in the 
applicable Accessory Conditions, except that:  
(i) 
each Interest Payment Date shall be subject to adjustment in accordance with the Following 
Business Day Convention unless another Business Day Convention is specified to be applicable 
to Interest Payment Dates for that Series; and 
(ii) 
in respect of each Interest Payment Date falling at the end of an Interest Period, if “ISDA Rate: 
2006 ISDA Definitions” or “ISDA Rate: 2021 ISDA Definitions” is specified as the “Manner in which 
the Rate(s) of Interest is/are determined” and “Delayed Payment” is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Accessory Conditions, such Interest Payment Date shall be delayed to the date that is 
the number of Delayed Interest Payment Days falling after such Interest Payment Date, provided 
that the Interest Payment Date with respect to the final Interest Period will be no later than the 
Maturity Date or such other date for redemption of the relevant Notes. 
“Interest Period” means, in respect of a Series, the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date of that Series and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period End Date of

--- Page 96 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
96 
that Series and each successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Period End Date and 
ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period End Date of that Series. 
“Interest Period End Date” means, for a Series:  
(i) 
each date specified as an Interest Payment Date in the applicable Accessory Conditions (ignoring 
for this purpose any adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention) unless otherwise 
specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions, except that each Interest Period End Date shall 
be subject to adjustment in accordance with the Modified Following Business Day Convention 
unless (A) another Business Day Convention is specified to be applicable to Interest Period End 
Dates for that Series, in which case an adjustment will be made in accordance with that specified 
Business Day Convention or (B) “No Adjustment” is specified in connection with Interest Period 
End Dates for that Series, in which case no adjustment will be made, notwithstanding that the 
Interest Period End Date occurs on a day that is not a relevant Business Day for such purpose; 
and 
(ii) 
where “Issuer Call” is specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions and the relevant Issuer Call 
Condition has been satisfied, the Issuer Call Period End Date shall be the final Interest Period End 
Date. 
“ISDA” means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
“ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions” means the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions, as 
published by ISDA. 
“ISDA Definitions” means:  
(i) 
if “ISDA Rate: 2006 ISDA Definitions” is specified as the “Manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest 
is/are determined”, the 2006 ISDA Definitions; or 
(ii) 
if “ISDA Rate: 2021 ISDA Definitions” is specified as the “Manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest 
is/are determined”, the 2021 ISDA Definitions Publication Version of the 2021 ISDA Definitions 
(and for which purpose the relevant Floating Rate Matrix shall be the Floating Rate Matrix 
Publication Version),  
and, in respect of each Series, as amended and/or supplemented up to and including the Initial 
Reference Date of the first Tranche of such Series, unless the Notes are issued by way of Pricing Terms 
specifying otherwise, in which case as otherwise specified in the applicable Pricing Terms.  
“ISDA Master Agreement” means, for a Series, the agreement entered into between the Issuer and the 
Swap Counterparty for such Series by execution of the Issue Deed and which is in the form of an ISDA 
2002 Master Agreement together with a schedule thereto and which, if so specified in the applicable 
Accessory Conditions, shall include a credit support annex to the ISDA Schedule in the form of the ISDA 
2016 Credit Support Annex for Variation Margin (VM) (Bilateral Form - Transfer) (ISDA Agreements 
Subject to English Law) Copyright © 2016 by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
(the “Credit Support Annex”), in each case on the terms of the Master Swap Terms as amended by 
such Issue Deed. 
“ISDA Rate” has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(b)(iii) or Condition 7(b)(iv), as applicable. 
“Issue Date” means, in relation to each Tranche, the date on which the Notes of that Tranche have been 
issued or, if not yet issued, the date agreed for their issue between the Issuer and the Dealer for such 
Tranche. 
“Issue Deed” means, in respect of a Tranche, the issue deed entered into by the Issuer and the 
Transaction Parties in respect of that Tranche. Where more than one Tranche has been issued in 
respect of a Series, references to the Issue Deed of that Series shall be construed to mean the Issue

--- Page 97 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
97 
Deed for each Tranche collectively, save for where the context specifically requires a reference to the 
Issue Deed to be that for a particular Tranche only. 
“Issuer” means, for a Series, SPIRE acting in respect of the Compartment relating to such Series. 
“Issuer Application Date” means, for a Series, each of: 
(i) 
the Early Redemption Date or (if the Liquidation Event was a Maturity Date Liquidation Event) the 
Relevant Payment Date, as applicable, of that Series or, if (x) the Collateral of that Series has not 
been Liquidated in full, (y) an Early Termination Date has not been designated, deemed to be 
designated or occurred in respect of the Swap Agreement, the Repo Agreement and/or the SL 
Agreement (z) the Termination Payment has not been determined in respect of the Swap 
Agreement, the Repo Agreement and/or the SL Agreement, in each case by such date, the later 
of: 
(A) 
the date falling three Reference Business Days after all the Collateral of that Series has 
been Liquidated in full and the cash proceeds have been received by or on behalf of the 
Issuer; and 
(B) 
the third Reference Business Day after the earliest date on which (I) an Early Termination 
Date has been designated, deemed to be designated or occurred in respect of the Swap 
Agreement relating to such Series and the Termination Payment has been determined in 
respect of such Swap Agreement, (II) an Early Termination Date has been designated, 
deemed to be designated or occurred in respect of the Repo Agreement relating to such 
Series and the Termination Payment has been determined in respect of such Repo 
Agreement and (III) an Early Termination Date has been designated, deemed to be 
designated or occurred in respect of the SL Agreement relating to such Series and the 
Termination Payment has been determined in respect of such SL Agreement, 
(such date, the “Initial Issuer Application Date”); and 
(ii) 
in respect of each sum received by the Issuer from the Mortgaged Property of that Series that has 
not already been applied on the Initial Issuer Application Date of that Series, the date falling three 
Reference Business Days following receipt by the Issuer of such sum. 
“Issuer Call Condition” means, in accordance with the terms of the Swap Agreement for a Series where 
“Issuer Call” is specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions, the occurrence of one of the following:  
(i) 
an Autocall Termination Trigger (as defined in the Swap Agreement); 
(ii) 
an Optional Termination Trigger (as defined in the Swap Agreement); or 
(iii) 
any other event specified as such in the applicable Accessory Conditions. 
“Issuer Call Period End Date” means, for a Series, the date specified as such in the applicable 
Accessory Conditions. 
“Issuer Call Redemption Amount” means, for a Series, the amount specified as such in the applicable 
Accessory Conditions. 
“Issuer Call Redemption Date” means, for a Series, the date specified as such in the applicable 
Accessory Conditions. 
“Issuer Call Settlement Date” means, for a Series, the date specified as such in the applicable 
Accessory Conditions. 
“Issuing and Paying Agent” means, for a Series, the person specified as such in the applicable 
Accessory Conditions or any Successor thereto, in each case at its Specified Office.

--- Page 98 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
98 
“Issuing and Paying Agent Bankruptcy Event” means, for a Series (i) a Bankruptcy Event occurs with 
respect to the Issuing and Paying Agent for that Series or (ii) a Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has Resolved that a Bankruptcy Credit Event has occurred in respect of the Issuing and 
Paying Agent, or any analogous determination has been made by a committee or person under any 
definitions that replace the ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions as the market standard terms for credit 
derivatives or under any amendment of or supplement to the ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions. 
“Japanese Pledge Agreement” means, for a Series, the Japanese pledge agreement for that Series 
created either (i) as a standalone agreement or (ii) by entry into of the Issue Deed for the first Tranche of 
that Series, on the terms of the Master Japanese Pledge Terms as amended by such Issue Deed. 
“Korean Pledge Agreement” means, for a Series, the Korean pledge agreement for that Series created 
either (i) as a standalone agreement or (ii) by entry into of the Issue Deed for the first Tranche of that 
Series, on the terms of the Master Korean Pledge Terms as amended by such Issue Deed. 
“Liquidation” means, in respect of any Collateral of a Series, the realisation of such Collateral for cash 
proceeds whether by way of sale, early redemption, early repayment or agreed termination or by such 
other means as the Disposal Agent for that Series determines appropriate or with respect to Notes 
issued by way of Pricing Terms, in any other manner specified in the applicable Pricing Terms and 
“Liquidate”, “Liquidated” and “Liquidating” shall be construed accordingly (and, for the avoidance of 
doubt, references to “cash proceeds” for such purpose shall include any cash already available to the 
Issuer for such Series whether derived from the Collateral or otherwise). 
“Liquidation Commencement Notice” means, for a Series, a notice from the Issuer or the Trustee (as 
the case may be) in writing of the occurrence of a Liquidation Event. Any Early Redemption Notice given 
or copied to each of the Transaction Parties for that Series by the Issuer or the Trustee for that Series, as 
the case be, shall constitute a Liquidation Commencement Notice (other than, for the avoidance of 
doubt, an Early Redemption Notice given in respect of the occurrence of a SPIRE Bankruptcy Event). 
“Liquidation Event” means, for a Series: 
(i) 
the occurrence of an Early Redemption Trigger Date in respect of that Series (other than in 
respect of the occurrence of a SPIRE Bankruptcy Event or the satisfaction of an Issuer Call 
Condition where “Issuer Call Settlement – Delivery to Swap Counterparty” is specified in the 
applicable Accessory Conditions); or 
(ii) 
the Issuer fails to pay (A) the Final Redemption Amount in respect of the Notes of that Series 
and/or (B) any interest or Instalment Amount that has become due and payable on the Notes of 
that Series on their Maturity Date (a “Maturity Date Liquidation Event”). 
“Liquidation Expenses” means (i) any taxes and (ii) any reasonable transaction fees or commissions 
applicable to such Liquidation, including any brokerage or exchange commissions, provided that such 
transaction fees or commissions are limited to and no higher than those that would necessarily and 
routinely be charged by the third party market participant to whom such fees or commissions are payable 
for a sale transaction of that type to third parties on an arm’s length basis. Save for such reasonable 
transaction fees or commissions, Liquidation Expenses shall not include any fee charged by, or any other 
amounts owed to, the Disposal Agent for the performance of its duties specified in, or incidental to, the 
Conditions (the “Disposal Agent Fees”). Such Disposal Agent Fees shall be paid to the Disposal Agent 
in accordance with Condition 15 (Application of Available Proceeds). 
“Liquidation Period” means, for a Series, the period from (and including) the Early Redemption Trigger 
Date or the Maturity Date (as applicable) to (and including) the 10th Reference Business Day (where 
“Liquidation Period Cut-off” is specified as 10 Reference Business Days in the applicable Accessory 
Conditions) or 30th Reference Business Day (where “Liquidation Period Cut-off” is specified as 30 
Reference Business Days in the applicable Accessory Conditions) following the Early Redemption

--- Page 99 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
99 
Trigger Date or Maturity Date (as applicable), provided that if such Early Redemption Trigger Date has 
occurred as a result of (A) the satisfaction of an Issuer Call Condition, the Liquidation Period shall not 
extend beyond the Issuer Call Settlement Date or (B) the delivery of a valid Noteholder Early 
Redemption Option Exercise Notice, the Liquidation Period shall be the period from and (including) the 
Early Redemption Trigger Date to (and including) the day falling three Reference Business Days prior to 
the designated Early Redemption Date. 
“Luxembourg” means the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. 
“Master Agency Terms” means the Master Agency Terms identified as a Master Terms Document in 
the Programme Deed as may be amended, in respect of a particular Series, by the Issue Deed for the 
first Tranche of such Series. 
“Master Collateral Sale Terms” means the Master Collateral Sale Terms identified as a Master Terms 
Document in the Programme Deed as may be amended, in respect of a particular Tranche of a Series, 
by the Issue Deed for such Tranche of such Series. 
“Master Conditions” means the Master Conditions identified as a Master Terms Document in the 
Programme Deed as may be amended, in respect of a particular Series, by the Issue Deed for the first 
Tranche of such Series. 
“Master Custody Terms” means the Master Custody Terms identified as a Master Terms Document in 
the Programme Deed as may be amended, in respect of a particular Series, by the Issue Deed for the 
first Tranche of such Series. 
“Master Dealer Terms” means the Master Dealer Terms identified as a Master Terms Document in the 
Programme Deed as may be amended, in respect of a particular Tranche of a Series, by the Issue Deed 
for such Tranche of such Series. 
“Master Definitions” means the Master Definitions identified as a Master Terms Document in the 
Programme Deed as may be amended, in respect of a particular Series, by the Issue Deed for the first 
Tranche of such Series. 
“Master Forms of Notes” means the Master Forms of Notes identified as a Master Terms Document in 
the Programme Deed as may be amended, in respect of a particular Series, by the Issue Deed for the 
first Tranche of such Series. 
“Master Japanese Pledge Terms” means the Master Japanese Pledge Terms identified as a Master 
Terms Document in the Programme Deed as may be amended, in respect of a particular Series, by the 
Issue Deed for the first Tranche of such Series. 
“Master Korean Pledge Terms” means the Master Korean Pledge Terms identified as a Master Terms 
Document in the Programme Deed as may be amended, in respect of a particular Series, by the Issue 
Deed for the first Tranche of such Series.  
“Master Repo Terms” means the Master Repo Terms identified as a Master Terms Document in the 
Programme Deed as may be amended, in respect of a particular Series, by the Issue Deed for the first 
Tranche of such Series. 
“Master Securities Lending Terms” means the Master Securities Lending Terms identified as a Master 
Terms Document in the Programme Deed as may be amended, in respect of a particular Series, by the 
Issue Deed for the first Tranche of such Series. 
“Master Swap Terms” means the Master Swap Terms identified as a Master Terms Document in the 
Programme Deed as may be amended, in respect of a particular Series, by the Issue Deed for the first 
Tranche of such Series.

--- Page 100 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
100 
“Master Terms Documents” means the Master Agency Terms, Master Collateral Sale Terms, Master 
Conditions, Master Custody Terms, Master Dealer Terms, Master Definitions, Master Forms of Notes, 
Master Japanese Pledge Terms, Master Korean Pledge Terms, Master Repo Terms, Master Swap 
Terms, Master Securities Lending Terms and Master Trust Terms specified in the Programme Deed or, 
in respect of a particular Series, such amended or additional documents as may be specified as Master 
Terms Documents in the Issue Deed for the first Tranche of such Series. 
“Master Trust Terms” means the Master Trust Terms identified as a Master Terms Document in the 
Programme Deed as may be amended, in respect of a particular Series, by the Issue Deed for the first 
Tranche of such Series. 
“Material Change Event”, for a Series and a Reference Rate, has the meaning given to it in the 
definition of “Reference Rate Event”. 
If, for a Series and a Reference Rate, (i) an event or circumstance which would otherwise constitute or 
give rise to a Material Change Event also constitutes a Reference Rate Cessation or (ii) a Reference 
Rate Cessation and a Material Change Event would otherwise be continuing at the same time, it will in 
either case constitute a Reference Rate Cessation and will not constitute or give rise to a Material 
Change Event provided that, if the date that would otherwise have been the Material Change Event Date 
would have occurred before the Reference Rate is no longer available or becomes non-representative, 
Condition 9(e) (Interim Measures) shall apply as if a Material Change Event had occurred. 
“Material Change Event Date”, for a Series and a Reference Rate, has the meaning given to it in the 
definition of “Reference Rate Event”. 
“Maturity Cut-off Date” means, for a Series, the date determined as provided in Condition 15(f) (Swap 
Counterparty, Repo Counterparty or SL Counterparty Failure to Pay after Maturity). 
“Maturity Date” means, for a Series, the date specified as such in the applicable Accessory Conditions, 
except that the Maturity Date shall be subject to adjustment in accordance with the Following Business 
Day Convention unless another Business Day Convention is specified to be applicable to the Maturity 
Date. 
“Maturity Date Liquidation Event” has the meaning given to it in paragraph (ii) of the definition of 
“Liquidation Event”. 
“Modified Following Business Day Convention” means, if any date which is specified to be subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Modified Following Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on 
a day that is not a Business Day or a Reference Business Day for the relevant purpose, then such date 
shall be postponed to the next day that is such a Business Day or Reference Business Day unless it 
would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding such Business Day or Reference Business Day. 
“Moody’s” means Moody’s Investors Service Ltd. 
“Mortgaged Property” means, for a Series: 
(i) 
the Collateral of that Series and all property, assets and sums derived therefrom; 
(ii) 
all cash (if any) held by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of that Series; 
(iii) 
the rights and interest of the Issuer in and under the Swap Agreement relating to such Series and 
the rights, title and interest of the Issuer in all property, assets and sums derived from such Swap 
Agreement;

--- Page 101 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
101 
(iv) 
the rights and interest of the Issuer in and under the Repo Agreement relating to such Series and 
the rights, title and interest of the Issuer in all property, assets and sums derived from such Repo 
Agreement; 
(v) 
the rights and interest of the Issuer in and under the SL Agreement relating to such Series and the 
rights, title and interest of the Issuer in all property, assets and sums derived from such SL 
Agreement; 
(vi) 
the rights and interest of the Issuer in and under the Agency Agreement relating to such Series, 
any other agreement entered into between the Issuer and the Disposal Agent in relation to such 
Series and the Custody Agreement relating to such Series and the rights, title and interest of the 
Issuer in all property, assets and sums derived from such agreements; and 
(vii) 
the rights, title and interest of the Issuer in any other assets, property, income, rights and/or 
agreements of the Issuer from time to time charged or assigned or otherwise made subject to the 
security created in relation to that Series by the Issuer in favour of the Trustee for that Series 
pursuant to the Security Documents, as the case may be, 
in each case, securing the Secured Payment Obligations and includes, where the context permits, any 
part of that Mortgaged Property. 
“Negative Interest” means, if an interest rate is a negative value, the debiting of funds from an account 
as a result of the application of such negative interest rate. 
“Net Margin Return Amount” has the meaning given to it in Conditions 15(a)(i)(B) (Application of 
Available Proceeds of Liquidation) or (b)(i)(B) (Application of Available Proceeds of Enforcement of 
Security), as applicable. 
“New Original Collateral” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(c)(i) (Substitution of Original 
Collateral). 
“Note Tax Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(d)(i) (Redemption for Taxation Reasons). 
“Noteholder” means, for a Series, the bearer of any Bearer Note relating to Notes of that Series and the 
Receipts relating to it or the person in whose name a Registered Note of that Series is registered (as the 
case may be). 
“Noteholder Early Redemption Option Exercise Notice” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(p) 
(Redemption Following Exercise of Noteholder Early Redemption Option). 
“Noteholder Early Redemption Option Period” means, for a Series, the period specified as such in the 
applicable Accessory Conditions, provided that if the period specified ends later than the 25th Reference 
Business Day prior to the Maturity Date, the end of the Noteholder Early Redemption Option Period shall 
be deemed to be the 25th Reference Business Day prior to the Maturity Date.  
“Notes” means secured notes issued by the Issuer under the Programme, constituted by a Trust Deed 
for such secured notes and for the time being outstanding, or, as the context may require, a specific 
number, Series or Tranche of them.  
“Obligation” means any obligation of the Issuer for the payment or repayment of borrowed money, which 
shall include, without limitation, any Note and any other obligation that is in the form of, or represented 
by, a bond, note, certificate, warrant or other debt security and any obligation that is documented by a 
term loan agreement, revolving loan agreement or other similar credit agreement (to the extent allowed 
under the Securitisation Act 2004).

--- Page 102 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
102 
“Original Collateral” means, for a Series, the Issuer’s rights, title and/or interests in and to any of the 
following: 
(i) 
if “Applicable – Reverse Repo” is specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions, there shall be 
no Original Collateral; or 
(ii) 
in all other cases, assets or property specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions as forming 
part of the Original Collateral for that Series and representing obligations of one or more persons. 
For the avoidance of doubt: 
(A) 
Original Collateral for a Series shall include the rights, title and/or interests in and to:  
(I) 
in respect of securities, all principal, interest and other payments and distributions of cash 
or other property due in respect of such securities; 
(II) 
any further Original Collateral acquired by the Issuer in connection with any further issue of 
notes that are to be consolidated and form a single series with the Notes of that Series; 
(III) 
any Original Collateral acquired by the Issuer by way of substitution or replacement of any 
Original Collateral previously held by it for that Series; and 
(IV) 
any asset or property (which may, for the avoidance of doubt, include the benefit of 
contractual rights) into which any of the Original Collateral for that Series is converted or 
exchanged or that is issued to the Issuer (or any relevant person holding such Original 
Collateral for or on behalf of the Issuer) by virtue of its holding thereof;  
(B) 
Original Collateral for a Series shall not include any Swap Counterparty CSA Posted Collateral or 
any other securities, cash or other assets or property transferred or delivered to the Issuer 
pursuant to the Credit Support Annex;  
(C) 
Original Collateral for a Series shall not include any Repo Posted Collateral or any other 
securities, cash or other assets or property transferred or delivered to the Issuer pursuant to the 
Repo Agreement;  
(D) 
Original Collateral for a Series shall not include any SL Posted Collateral or any other securities, 
cash or other assets or property transferred or delivered to the Issuer pursuant to the SL 
Agreement; and  
(E) 
Original Collateral for a Series shall include any Original Collateral that the Issuer may have sold, 
posted or otherwise disposed of under the terms of the Credit Support Annex, the Repo 
Agreement and/or the SL Agreement. To the extent that equivalent collateral has subsequently 
been transferred or delivered by the Swap Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty or the SL 
Counterparty to the Issuer pursuant to the Credit Support Annex, the Repo Agreement and/or the 
SL Agreement, the Original Collateral for a Series shall include such equivalent collateral and 
shall not include the Original Collateral originally transferred. 
“Original Collateral Call” means, for a Series, that notice is given that any of the Original Collateral of 
such Series is called for redemption or repayment (whether in whole or in part) prior to its scheduled 
maturity date, other than a notice in respect of any scheduled amortisation of the Original Collateral. 
“Original Collateral Call Early Payment Date” means, following the occurrence of an Original Collateral 
Call relating to the Original Collateral of a Series, the day on which the Original Collateral that is the 
subject of that Original Collateral Call is scheduled to redeem or repay early (and if any securities, loans, 
deposits, shares, partnership interests, units in unit trusts or any other assets forming part of the Original 
Collateral are scheduled to redeem or repay early on two or more days, the Original Collateral Call Early 
Payment Date shall be the last of such days to occur in time).

--- Page 103 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
103 
“Original Collateral Default” means, for a Series, any of the following events: 
(i) 
in respect of the Original Collateral for such Series or one or more Original Collateral Obligor 
Obligations of any Original Collateral Obligor for such Series: 
(A) 
an Original Collateral Obligor Failure to Pay; 
(B) 
an Original Collateral Obligor Default; 
(C) 
an Original Collateral Obligor Repudiation/Moratorium; 
(D) 
an Original Collateral Obligor Restructuring; 
(E) 
an Original Collateral Obligor Governmental Intervention; and 
(F) 
an Original Collateral Obligor Conversion; and 
(ii) 
in respect of any Original Collateral Obligor for that Series, an Original Collateral Obligor 
Bankruptcy. 
An Original Collateral Default will occur whether or not the event giving rise to the Original Collateral 
Default arises directly or indirectly from, or is subject to a defence based upon (a) any lack or alleged 
lack of authority or capacity of the Original Collateral Obligor to enter into any Original Collateral Obligor 
Obligation or, as applicable, an Underlying Obligor to enter into any Underlying Obligation, (b) any actual 
or alleged unenforceability, illegality, impossibility or invalidity with respect to any Original Collateral 
Obligor Obligation or, as applicable, any Underlying Obligation, however described, (c) any applicable 
law, order, regulation, decree or notice, however described, or the promulgation of, or any change in, the 
interpretation by any court, tribunal, regulatory authority or similar administrative or judicial body with 
competent or apparent jurisdiction of any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice, however 
described, or (d) the imposition of, or any change in, any exchange controls, capital restrictions or any 
other similar restrictions imposed by any monetary or other authority, however described. 
“Original Collateral Default Suspension Period” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(r) 
(Suspension of Payments and Calculations). 
“Original Collateral Disruption Event” means, for a Series, any Original Collateral Reference Rate is 
adjusted or replaced following the occurrence of an event in respect of such Original Collateral 
Reference Rate, whether in accordance with the terms of the Original Collateral or otherwise, the 
definition or description of which event either: 
(i) 
includes a reference to concepts defined or otherwise described as an “index cessation event”, an 
“administrator/benchmark event” or a “representative statement event” (in each case regardless of 
the contents of that definition or description); or 
(ii) 
is analogous or substantially similar to the definitions of “Reference Rate Cessation”, 
“Administrator/Benchmark Event”, “Risk-Free Rate Event”, “Representative Statement Event” 
and/or “Material Change Event”. 
“Original Collateral Disruption Event Amendment Notice”, for a Series, has the meaning given to it in 
Condition 9(i)(i)(B). 
“Original Collateral Disruption Event Amendments”, for a Series, has the meaning given to it in 
Condition 9(i)(i)(B). 
“Original Collateral Disruption Event Amendments Certificate”, for a Series, has the meaning given 
to it in Condition 9(i)(ii)(C).

--- Page 104 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
104 
“Original Collateral Disruption Event Losses/Gains” means an amount, determined by the Calculation 
Agent, equal to (without duplication): 
(i) 
an amount equal to: 
(A) 
the amounts scheduled to be paid by the Original Collateral Obligor pursuant to the terms 
of the Original Collateral following the occurrence of an Original Collateral Disruption Event 
and the application of any relevant fallbacks; minus 
(B) 
the amounts scheduled to be paid by the Original Collateral Obligor pursuant to the terms 
of the Original Collateral on the Original Collateral Obligor Reference Date; minus 
(ii) 
an amount equal to: 
(A) 
the amounts scheduled to be paid by the Swap Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty 
and/or the SL Counterparty pursuant to the terms of any transactions in place to hedge the 
Swap Counterparty’s obligations under the Swap Transactions under the Swap Agreement 
and/or the Repo Counterparty’s obligations under the Repo Transactions under the Repo 
Agreement and/or the SL Counterparty’s obligations under the SL Transactions under the 
SL Agreement (as applicable) following the occurrence of an Original Collateral Disruption 
Event and the application of any relevant fallbacks; minus 
(B) 
the amounts scheduled to be paid by the Swap Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty 
and/or the SL Counterparty pursuant to the terms of such hedge transactions on the date 
immediately preceding the date on which the Original Collateral Disruption Event occurred; 
minus 
(iii) 
any losses, expenses and costs that have been or that will be incurred by the Swap Counterparty, 
the Repo Counterparty and/or the SL Counterparty as a result of entering into, maintaining and/or 
unwinding any transactions to hedge the Swap Counterparty’s obligations under the Swap 
Transactions under the Swap Agreement and/or the Repo Counterparty’s obligations under the 
Repo Transactions under the Repo Agreement and/or the SL Counterparty’s obligations under the 
SL Transactions under the SL Agreement (as applicable), in each case to remove any difference 
between the cash flows under the Original Collateral and such hedge transactions which have 
resulted following the occurrence of an Original Collateral Disruption Event. 
“Original Collateral Disruption Event No Action Notice”, for a Series, has the meaning given to it in 
Condition 9(i)(i)(A). 
“Original Collateral Disruption Event Redemption Notice”, for a Series, has the meaning given to it in 
Condition 9(i)(i)(C). 
“Original Collateral Obligor” means, for a Series, any person that has an obligation or duty to the Issuer 
(or any relevant person holding the Original Collateral for such Series for or on behalf of the Issuer) in 
respect of the Original Collateral for that Series pursuant to the terms of such Original Collateral. 
“Original Collateral Obligor Bankruptcy” means, for a Series, (i) a Bankruptcy Event occurs with 
respect to an Original Collateral Obligor or (ii) a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has 
Resolved that a Bankruptcy Credit Event has occurred in respect of an Original Collateral Obligor, or any 
analogous determination has been made by a committee or person under any definitions that replace the 
ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions as the market standard terms for credit derivatives or under any 
amendment of or supplement to the ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions. 
“Original Collateral Obligor Conversion” means, for a Series: 
(i) 
the conversion of the Original Collateral for that Series into any other financial instrument upon the 
exercise by the Original Collateral Obligor for that Series of any option or other right to convert

--- Page 105 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
105 
such Original Collateral in accordance with the terms of such Original Collateral in effect as of the 
Original Collateral Obligor Reference Date; or 
(ii) 
the conversion of one or more Original Collateral Obligor Obligations of an Original Collateral 
Obligor for that Series in an aggregate amount of not less than the Original Collateral Obligor 
Default Requirement into any other financial instrument upon the exercise by the Original 
Collateral Obligor for that Series of any option or other right to convert such Original Collateral 
Obligor Obligations in accordance with the terms of such Original Collateral Obligor Obligation in 
effect as of the time of such conversion. 
“Original Collateral Obligor Default” means, for a Series: 
(i) 
any of the Original Collateral for that Series has become capable of being declared due and 
payable before it or they would otherwise have been due and payable as a result of, or on the 
basis of, the occurrence of a default, event of default or other similar condition or event (however 
described), other than a failure to make any required payment, in respect of the relevant Original 
Collateral Obligor under the Original Collateral for that Series; or 
(ii) 
one or more Original Collateral Obligor Obligations of an Original Collateral Obligor for that Series 
in an aggregate amount of not less than the Original Collateral Obligor Default Requirement has 
become due and payable before it or they would otherwise have been due and payable as a result 
of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a default, event of default or other similar condition or 
event (however described), other than a failure to make any required payment, in respect of the 
relevant Original Collateral Obligor under one or more Original Collateral Obligor Obligations. 
“Original Collateral Obligor Default Requirement” means, for a Series, U.S.$10,000,000 or its 
equivalent in the currency or currencies in which the relevant Original Collateral Obligor Obligations are 
denominated as of the occurrence of the relevant Original Collateral Default. 
“Original Collateral Obligor Failure to Pay” means, for a Series: 
(i) 
in respect of any Original Collateral for that Series, the failure by the relevant Original Collateral 
Obligor to make, when and where due, any payments under such Original Collateral in 
accordance with the terms of such Original Collateral in effect as of the Original Collateral Obligor 
Reference Date, but disregarding any terms allowing for non-payment, deferral or adjustments to 
any scheduled payments and any notice or grace period in respect thereof (and, for the avoidance 
of doubt, a payment made in accordance with the application of any fallback following the 
occurrence of a disruption event in respect of an interest rate, index, benchmark or price source 
shall not constitute such a failure); or 
(ii) 
in respect of one or more Original Collateral Obligor Obligations of any Original Collateral Obligor 
for that Series, after the expiration of any applicable Original Collateral Obligor Grace Period (after 
the satisfaction of any conditions precedent to the commencement of such Original Collateral 
Obligor Grace Period), the failure by the relevant Original Collateral Obligor to make, when and 
where due, any payments in an aggregate amount of not less than the Original Collateral Obligor 
Payment Requirement under such Original Collateral Obligor Obligations in accordance with the 
terms of such Original Collateral Obligor Obligations in effect as of the time of such failure. 
“Original Collateral Obligor Governmental Intervention” means, for a Series: 
(i) 
in respect of the Original Collateral, any one or more of the following events occurs as a result of 
action taken or an announcement made by a Governmental Authority pursuant to, or by means of, 
a restructuring and resolution law or regulation (or any other similar law or regulation), in each 
case, applicable to the Original Collateral Obligor for that Series in a form which is binding,

--- Page 106 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
106 
irrespective of whether such event is expressly provided for under the terms of such Original 
Collateral: 
(A) 
any event which would affect creditors’ rights so as to cause: 
(I) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled 
interest accruals (including by way of redenomination); 
(II) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption (including 
by way of redenomination); 
(III) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (x) the payment or 
accrual of interest, or (y) the payment of principal or premium; or 
(III) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of such Original Collateral, causing the 
subordination of such Original Collateral to any Original Collateral Obligor Obligation; 
(B) 
an expropriation, transfer or other event which mandatorily changes the beneficial holder of 
such Original Collateral; 
(C) 
a mandatory cancellation, conversion or exchange; or 
(D) 
any event which has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in paragraphs (A) to 
(C) of this paragraph (i); or 
(ii) 
in respect of one or more Original Collateral Obligor Obligations of any Original Collateral Obligor 
for that Series in an aggregate amount of not less than the Original Collateral Obligor Default 
Requirement, any one or more of the following events occurs as a result of action taken or an 
announcement made by a Governmental Authority pursuant to, or by means of, a restructuring 
and resolution law or regulation (or any other similar law or regulation), in each case, applicable to 
the Original Collateral Obligor for that Series in a form which is binding, irrespective of whether 
such event is expressly provided for under the terms of such Original Collateral Obligor 
Obligations: 
(A) 
any event which would affect creditors’ rights so as to cause: 
(I) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled 
interest accruals (including by way of redenomination); 
(II) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption (including 
by way of redenomination); 
(III) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (x) the payment or 
accrual of interest, or (y) the payment of principal or premium; or 
(IV) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of such Original Collateral Obligor 
Obligations, causing the subordination of such Original Collateral Obligor Obligations 
to the Original Collateral or any other Original Collateral Obligor Obligation; 
(B) 
an expropriation, transfer or other event which mandatorily changes the beneficial holder of 
such Original Collateral Obligor Obligation; 
(C) 
a mandatory cancellation, conversion or exchange; or 
(D) 
any event which has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in paragraphs (A) to 
(C) of this paragraph (ii).

--- Page 107 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
107 
For the purposes of paragraphs (i) and (ii) above, the term Original Collateral Obligor Obligation shall be 
deemed to include Underlying Obligations for which the Original Collateral Obligor is acting as provider of 
an Original Collateral Obligor Guarantee. 
“Original Collateral Obligor Grace Period” means, for a Series, in respect of any Original Collateral 
Obligor Obligation of any Original Collateral Obligor for that Series, the greater of (i) the applicable grace 
period with respect to payments under and in accordance with the terms of such Original Collateral 
Obligor Obligation in effect as of the date as of which such Original Collateral Obligor Obligation is issued 
or incurred and (ii) three Original Collateral Obligor Grace Period Business Days. 
“Original Collateral Obligor Grace Period Business Day” means a day on which commercial banks 
and foreign exchange markets are generally open to settle payments in the place or places and on the 
days specified for that purpose under the relevant Original Collateral Obligor Obligation or, if a place or 
places are not so specified, (i) if the currency or currencies in which the relevant Original Collateral 
Obligor Obligation is denominated is the euro, a TARGET Business Day, or (ii) otherwise, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are generally open to settle payments in the principal 
financial city in the jurisdiction of the currency or currencies in which the relevant Original Collateral 
Obligor Obligation is denominated. 
“Original Collateral Obligor Guarantee” means a guarantee evidenced by a written instrument (which 
may include a statute or regulation), pursuant to which the Original Collateral Obligor irrevocably agrees, 
undertakes, or is otherwise obliged to pay all amounts of principal and interest due under an Underlying 
Obligation for which the Underlying Obligor is the obligor, by guarantee of payment and not by guarantee 
of collection (or, in either case, any legal arrangement which is equivalent thereto in form under the 
relevant governing law). 
“Original Collateral Obligor Obligation” means, in respect of an Original Collateral Obligor, any 
Identical Collateral or any other obligation of such Original Collateral Obligor, either directly or as 
provider of an Original Collateral Obligor Guarantee, (excluding an obligation under a revolving credit 
arrangement for which there are no outstanding, unpaid drawings in respect of principal) for the payment 
or repayment of borrowed money (which term shall include, without limitation, deposits and 
reimbursement obligations arising from drawings pursuant to letters of credit). 
“Original Collateral Obligor Payment Requirement” means, for a Series, U.S.$1,000,000 or its 
equivalent in the currency or currencies in which the relevant Original Collateral Obligor Obligations are 
denominated as of the occurrence of the relevant Original Collateral Default. 
“Original Collateral Obligor Reference Date” means, for a Series, the date specified as such in the 
applicable Accessory Conditions. 
“Original Collateral Obligor Repudiation/Moratorium” means, for a Series: 
(i) 
the Original Collateral Obligor or a Governmental Authority: 
(A) 
disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates or rejects, in whole or in part, or challenges the validity of, 
the Original Collateral for that Series; or 
(B) 
declares or imposes a moratorium, standstill, roll-over or deferral, whether de facto or de 
jure, with respect to the Original Collateral for that Series; or 
(ii) 
the Original Collateral Obligor or a Governmental Authority: 
(A) 
disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates or rejects, in whole or in part, or challenges the validity of, 
one or more Original Collateral Obligor Obligations of an Original Collateral Obligor for that 
Series in an aggregate amount of not less than the Original Collateral Obligor Default 
Requirement; or

--- Page 108 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
108 
(B) 
declares or imposes a moratorium, standstill, roll-over or deferral, whether de facto or de 
jure, with respect to one or more Original Collateral Obligor Obligations of an Original 
Collateral Obligor for that Series in an aggregate amount of not less than the Original 
Collateral Obligor Default Requirement. 
“Original Collateral Obligor Restructuring” means, for a Series:  
(i) 
any one or more of the following events occurs with respect to the Original Collateral in a form that 
(x) binds all holders of such Original Collateral, (y) is agreed between the Original Collateral 
Obligor or a Governmental Authority and a sufficient number of holders of such Original Collateral 
to bind all holders of the Original Collateral or (z) is announced (or otherwise decreed) by an 
Original Collateral Obligor or a Governmental Authority in a form that binds all holders of such 
Original Collateral (including, in each case, in respect of Original Collateral in the form of, or 
represented by, a bond, note (other than notes delivered pursuant to term loan agreements, 
revolving loan agreements or other similar credit agreements), certificated debt security or other 
debt security, by way of an exchange), and such event is not expressly provided for under the 
terms of such Original Collateral in effect as of the Original Collateral Obligor Reference Date: 
(A) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled interest 
accruals (including by way of redenomination); 
(B) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption (including by way 
of redenomination); 
(C) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either: 
(I) 
the payment or accrual of interest; or 
(II) 
the payment of principal or premium; 
(D) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of such Original Collateral, causing the 
subordination of such Original Collateral to any Original Collateral Obligor Obligation; or 
(E) 
any change in the currency of any payment of interest, principal or premium; or 
(ii) 
any one or more of the following events occurs with respect to one or more Original Collateral 
Obligor Obligations of an Original Collateral Obligor for that Series and in relation to an aggregate 
amount of not less than the Original Collateral Obligor Default Requirement, in a form that (x) 
binds all holders of such Original Collateral Obligor Obligations, (y) is agreed between the Original 
Collateral Obligor or a Governmental Authority and a sufficient number of holders of such Original 
Collateral Obligor Obligations to bind all holders of the Original Collateral Obligor Obligations or 
(z) is announced (or otherwise decreed) by an Original Collateral Obligor or a Governmental 
Authority in a form that binds all holders of such Original Collateral Obligor Obligations (including, 
in each case, in respect of Original Collateral in the form of, or represented by, a bond, note (other 
than notes delivered pursuant to term loan agreements, revolving loan agreements or other similar 
credit agreements), certificated debt security or other debt security, by way of an exchange), and 
such event is not expressly provided for under the terms of such Original Collateral Obligor 
Obligations in effect as of the Original Collateral Obligor Reference Date: 
(A) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled interest 
accruals (including by way of redenomination); 
(B) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption (including by way 
of redenomination);

--- Page 109 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
109 
(C) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either: 
(I) 
the payment or accrual of interest; or 
(II) 
the payment of principal or premium; 
(D) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of such Original Collateral Obligor 
Obligations, causing the subordination of such Original Collateral Obligor Obligations to the 
Original Collateral or any other Original Collateral Obligor Obligation; or 
(E) 
any change in the currency of any payment of interest, principal or premium. 
Notwithstanding paragraphs (i) and (ii) above, none of the following shall constitute an Original Collateral 
Obligor Restructuring: 
(I) 
the payment in euros of interest, principal or premium in relation to the Original Collateral or an 
Original Collateral Obligor Obligation denominated in a currency of a Member State of the 
European Union that adopts or has adopted the single currency in accordance with the Treaty 
establishing the European Community, as amended by the Treaty on European Union; 
(II) 
the redenomination from euros into another currency, if (X) the redenomination occurs as a result 
of action taken by a Governmental Authority of a Member State of the European Union which is of 
general application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority and (Y) a freely available 
market rate of conversion between euros and such other currency existed at the time of such 
redenomination and there is no reduction in the rate or amount of interest, principal or premium 
payable, as determined by reference to such freely available market rate of conversion; 
(III) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in paragraphs 
(A) to (E) above (with respect to both paragraphs (i) and (ii) above) due to an administrative 
adjustment, accounting adjustment or tax adjustment or other technical adjustment occurring in 
the ordinary course of business; and 
(IV) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in paragraphs 
(A) to (E) above (with respect to both paragraphs (i) and (ii) above) in circumstances where such 
event does not directly or indirectly result from a deterioration in the creditworthiness or financial 
condition of the Original Collateral Obligor, provided that in respect of paragraph (E) (with respect 
to both paragraphs (i) and (ii) above) only, no such deterioration in the creditworthiness or 
financial condition of the Original Collateral Obligor is required where the redenomination is from 
euros into another currency and occurs as a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority of 
a Member State of the European Union which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such 
Governmental Authority. 
For the purposes of this definition, the term Original Collateral Obligor Obligation shall be deemed to 
include Underlying Obligations for which the Original Collateral Obligor is acting as provider of an 
Original Collateral Obligor Guarantee. In the case of an Original Collateral Obligor Guarantee and an 
Underlying Obligation, references to the Original Collateral Obligor in paragraphs (i) and (ii) above shall 
be deemed to refer to the Underlying Obligor and the reference to the Original Collateral Obligor in 
paragraph (IV) above shall continue to refer to the Original Collateral Obligor.  
If an exchange has occurred, the determination as to whether one of the events described under 
paragraphs (A) to (E) above (with respect to both paragraphs (i) and (ii) above) has occurred will be 
based on a comparison of the terms of the Original Collateral or Original Collateral Obligor Obligation (as 
applicable) immediately prior to such exchange and the terms of the resulting obligations immediately 
following such exchange.

--- Page 110 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
110 
“Original Collateral Reference Rate” means, for a Series, any interest rate, index, benchmark or price 
source by reference to which any amount payable under the Original Collateral is determined. 
“Original Collateral Substitution Criteria” means, for a Series: 
(i) 
the New Original Collateral being denominated in the same currency as the Original Collateral; 
(ii) 
the New Original Collateral having a rating from one or more rating agencies, at least equal to the 
then current rating(s) (if any) given by any such rating agency to the Original Collateral (and, in the 
case of Notes rated by Fitch, such rating must be by Fitch); 
(iii) 
either (A) the Swap Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty and the SL Counterparty having each 
certified to the Issuer that it will not suffer a cost or loss or a reduction in the mark-to-market value 
of the Swap Agreement, the Repo Agreement or the SL Agreement (as applicable) as a result of 
such substitution or (B) arrangements having been made which are reasonably satisfactory to the 
Swap Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty and the SL Counterparty to compensate it for any cost 
or loss or reduction in mark-to-market value of the Swap Agreement, the Repo Agreement or the 
SL Agreement (as applicable) which it certifies to the Issuer that it will incur in connection with 
such substitution (and, in determining any such cost or loss or reduction in mark-to-market value 
of the Swap Agreement, the Repo Agreement or the SL Agreement, the Swap Counterparty, the 
Repo Counterparty and the SL Counterparty (as the case may be) will act in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner); 
(iv) 
the New Original Collateral meeting the Swap Counterparty’s, the Repo Counterparty’s and the SL 
Counterparty’s general credit and trading policies as of the relevant time; 
(v) 
no event having occurred with respect to the New Original Collateral which could lead to any 
redemption in whole or in part of the Notes; 
(vi) 
the New Original Collateral having a scheduled maturity date falling on or about but no later than 
the Maturity Date; 
(vii) 
the New Original Collateral having an outstanding principal amount equal to the outstanding 
principal amount of the Original Collateral; 
(viii) 
if the Issuer is a “nonparticipating foreign financial institution” (as such term is used under section 
1471 of the Code or in any regulations or guidance thereunder), the New Original Collateral being 
assets payments on which would not be subject to FATCA Withholding if paid before the maturity 
of the Notes (in the determination of the Swap Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty and the SL 
Counterparty); and 
(ix) 
the New Original Collateral satisfying the Collateral Criteria. 
“Original Collateral Substitution Notice” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(c)(i) (Substitution of 
Original Collateral). 
“Original Collateral Tax Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(d)(i) (Redemption for 
Taxation Reasons). 
“outstanding” means, in relation to a Series, all the Notes of that Series issued except: 
(i) 
those that have been redeemed in accordance with the Conditions; 
(ii) 
those in respect of which the date for redemption has occurred and the redemption moneys 
(including all interest accrued on such Notes to the date for such redemption and any interest 
payable after such date) have been duly paid to the Trustee or to the Issuing and Paying Agent for 
such Series as provided in the Trust Deed for that Series and remain available for payment

--- Page 111 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
111 
against presentation and surrender of Notes, Certificates, Receipts and/or Coupons, as the case 
may be; 
(iii) 
those that have become void or in respect of which claims have become prescribed; 
(iv) 
those that have been purchased and cancelled as provided in the Conditions; 
(v) 
those mutilated or defaced Bearer Notes that have been surrendered in exchange for replacement 
Bearer Notes; 
(vi) 
(for the purpose only of determining how many Notes are outstanding and without prejudice to 
their status for any other purpose) those Bearer Notes alleged to have been lost, stolen or 
destroyed and in respect of which replacement Notes have been issued; and  
(vii) 
any Temporary Global Note to the extent that it shall have been exchanged for a Permanent 
Global Note and any Global Note to the extent that it shall have been exchanged for one or more 
Definitive Bearer Notes, in either case pursuant to its provisions, 
provided that for the purposes of: 
(A) 
ascertaining the right to attend and vote at any meeting of the Noteholders; 
(B) 
the determination of how many Notes are outstanding for the purposes of Conditions 5 (Security), 
8 (Redemption and Purchase), 11 (Agents), 14 (Enforcement of Security), 15 (Application of 
Available Proceeds) and 19 (Meetings of Noteholders, Modification, Waiver and Substitution), 
Schedule 1 (Provisions for Meetings of Noteholders) to the Trust Deed and the definition of 
“Successor”; and 
(C) 
the exercise of any discretion, power or authority that the Trustee is required, expressly or 
impliedly, to exercise in or by reference to the interests of the Noteholders,  
those Notes that are beneficially held by or on behalf of the Issuer and not cancelled shall (unless no 
longer so held) be deemed not to be outstanding.  
“Paying Agent(s)” means, for a Series, the Issuing and Paying Agent and the persons entering into the 
Agency Agreement for that Series as Paying Agent or, in each case, any Successor thereto, in each 
case at their respective Specified Offices. 
“Payment Currency” has the meaning given to it in Condition 15(e) (Foreign Exchange Conversion). 
“Permanent Global Note” means a Global Note representing Bearer Notes of one or more Tranches of 
the same Series, either on issue or upon exchange of a Temporary Global Note, or part of it, and which 
shall be substantially in the form set out in the Master Forms of Notes specified by the Programme Deed. 
“PGN Exchange Date” means a day (i) falling not less than 60 days after that on which the notice 
requiring exchange is given and (ii) on which banks are open for business in the city in which the 
Specified Office of the Issuing and Paying Agent is located. 
“Potential Event of Default”: 
(i) 
as used in the Swap Agreement for a Series, has the meaning given to it in Section 14 
(Definitions) of the ISDA Master Agreement; and 
(ii) 
in all other circumstances for a Series, means an event or circumstance that could, with the giving 
of notice, lapse of time and/or issue of a certificate and/or fulfilment of any other requirement, 
become an Event of Default in respect of such Series. 
“Preceding Business Day Convention” means, if any date which is specified to be subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Preceding Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day

--- Page 112 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
112 
that is not a Business Day or a Reference Business Day for the relevant purpose, then such date shall 
be brought forward to the immediately preceding such Business Day or Reference Business Day. 
“Pre-nominated Replacement Reference Rate” means, for a Series and a Reference Rate, the first of 
the interest rates, indices, benchmarks or other price sources specified as a “Pre-nominated 
Replacement Reference Rate” in the applicable Accessory Conditions that is not subject to a Reference 
Rate Event. 
“Pricing Terms” means, in relation to any Tranche for which there are no Final Terms, the terms issued 
by the Issuer and which specify the relevant issue details of such Tranche, as may be amended and/or 
supplemented from time to time in accordance with the conditions and the Trust Deed, Where more than 
one Tranche has been issued in respect of a Series, references to the Pricing Terms of that Series shall 
be construed to mean the Pricing Terms for each Tranche collectively, save for where the context 
specifically requires a reference to Pricing Terms to be for a particular Tranche only. Where the first 
Tranche of a Series is issued pursuant to Pricing Terms, any future Tranches shall also be issued using 
Pricing Terms. 
“principal” shall, in respect of any Series, be deemed to include any premium payable in respect of the 
Notes of that Series, all Instalment Amounts of that Series, the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes of 
that Series, any Early Redemption Amount of the Notes of that Series and all other amounts in the nature 
of principal payable in respect of that Series pursuant to Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase). 
“Priority Fallback” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(d) (Specific Provisions for Certain 
Reference Rates). 
“Product Criteria”, for a Series, has the meaning given to it in Part A of Schedule 2 (Note Criteria) to the 
Dealer Agreement. 
“Programme” means SPIRE’s Secured Note Programme. 
“Programme Calculation Agent” means each person appointed as a calculation agent under the 
Programme pursuant to Clause 2 (Appointment) of the Programme Deed. 
“Programme Custodian” means each person appointed as a custodian under the Programme pursuant 
to Clause 2 (Appointment) of the Programme Deed. 
“Programme Dealer” means each person appointed as a dealer under the Programme pursuant to 
Clause 2 (Appointment) of the Programme Deed. 
“Programme Deed” means the amended and restated programme deed entered into by SPIRE and the 
other parties on 1 April 2022 in respect of the Programme. In respect of any Tranche of Notes, 
references to the Programme Deed or to Master Terms Documents identified in the Programme Deed 
shall be to the Programme Deed or to the Master Terms Documents identified in the Programme Deed 
as of the date of the Issue Deed of the first Tranche of Notes of that Series (save for where explicitly 
provided otherwise in an Issue Deed). 
“Programme Disposal Agent” means each person appointed as a disposal agent under the Programme 
pursuant to Clause 2 (Appointment) of the Programme Deed. 
“Programme Issuing and Paying Agent” means each person appointed as an issuing and paying 
agent under the Programme pursuant to Clause 2 (Appointment) of the Programme Deed. 
“Programme Paying Agent” means each person appointed as a paying agent under the Programme 
pursuant to Clause 2 (Appointment) of the Programme Deed. 
“Programme Registrar” means each person appointed as a registrar under the Programme pursuant to 
Clause 2 (Appointment) of the Programme Deed.

--- Page 113 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
113 
“Programme Repo Counterparty” means each person appointed as a repo counterparty under the 
Programme pursuant to Clause 2 (Appointment) of the Programme Deed. 
“Programme SL Counterparty” means each person appointed as a securities lending counterparty 
under the Programme pursuant to Clause 2 (Appointment) of the Programme Deed. 
“Programme Swap Counterparty” means each person appointed as a swap counterparty under the 
Programme pursuant to Clause 2 (Appointment) of the Programme Deed. 
“Programme Transfer Agent” means each person appointed as a transfer agent under the Programme 
pursuant to Clause 2 (Appointment) of the Programme Deed. 
“Programme Trustee” means each person appointed as a trustee under the Programme pursuant to 
Clause 2 (Appointment) of the Programme Deed. 
“Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council. 
“Published Average Rate” means: 
(i) 
if the 2006 ISDA Definitions apply, any of the following Floating Rate Options: USD-SOFR 
Average 30D, USD-SOFR Average 90D, USD-SOFR Average 180D, EUR-EuroSTR Average 1W, 
EUR-EuroSTR Average 1M, EUR-EuroSTR Average 3M, EUR-EuroSTR Average 6M, EUR-
EuroSTR Average 12M, JPY-TONA Average 30D, JPY-TONA Average 90D or JPY-TONA 
Average 180D; or 
(ii) 
if the 2021 ISDA Definitions apply, a Floating Rate Option (as defined in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions) for which “Style: Published Average Rate” is specified in the Floating Rate Matrix 
Publication Version of the Floating Rate Matrix. 
“R&I” means Rating and Investment Information, Inc. 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of a Note and that is 
either specified in, or calculated in accordance with the provisions of, the applicable Accessory 
Conditions. 
“Rated Entity” has the meaning given to it in Condition 11(d) (Replacement of Custodian and/or Issuing 
and Paying Agent upon Failure to Satisfy Required Ratings). 
“Rating Agency” means, for a Series, each rating agency that rates the Notes of that Series at the 
request of the Issuer and that has not withdrawn or discontinued its rating. Each initial Rating Agency (if 
any) shall be specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions for Notes of that Series. 
“Rating Agency Affirmation” means, with respect to any action (if any) relating to Notes of a Series that 
is specified to be subject to Rating Agency Affirmation in the Conditions or any Transaction Document for 
such Notes, receipt by the Issuer and the Trustee of written confirmation from each relevant Rating 
Agency (if any) that the then current rating of such Notes will not be adversely affected or withdrawn as a 
result of such action being undertaken, provided that it is the then current policy of such Rating Agency 
to either affirm or disaffirm the relevant type of action prior to such action being taken. For the avoidance 
of doubt, if it is not the then current policy of such Rating Agency to either affirm or disaffirm the relevant 
type of action prior to such action being taken (as determined by the Rating Agency and notified to the 
Issuer, who shall forward such notice to the Trustee or, if the Rating Agency does not provide a notice, 
the Issuer shall forward such other evidence as is reasonably satisfactory to the Trustee), no Rating 
Agency Affirmation from such Rating Agency shall be required with respect to any such action that is 
specified to be subject to Rating Agency Affirmation in the Conditions or any Transaction Document.

--- Page 114 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
114 
“Receipts” means the receipts for the payment of instalments of principal in respect of Bearer Notes of 
which the principal is repayable in instalments or, as the context may require, a specific number of them, 
and includes any replacement Receipts issued pursuant to the Conditions. 
“Record Date” has the meaning given to it in Condition 10(c) (Registered Notes). 
“Redemption/Payment Basis”, for a Series, is as specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions. 
“Reference Business Day” means a day:  
(i) 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in each of 
the places specified for that purpose in the applicable Accessory Conditions under “Reference 
Business Day”; and  
(ii) 
if “TARGET” or “TARGET Business Day” is specified under “Reference Business Day” in the 
applicable Accessory Conditions, which is a TARGET Business Day. 
“Reference Rate” means, for a Series, any interest rate, index, benchmark or price source by reference 
to which any amount payable under the Notes of that Series is determined. To the extent that any 
interest rate, index, benchmark or price source referred to in a Replacement Reference Rate applies in 
respect of a Series, it shall be a “Reference Rate” for that Series from the day on which it first applies. 
“Reference Rate Cessation” means, for a Series and a Reference Rate, the occurrence of one or more 
of the following events: 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the 
Reference Rate announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide the Reference Rate 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the Reference Rate; 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator 
of the Reference Rate, the central bank for the currency of the Reference Rate, an insolvency 
official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Reference Rate, a resolution authority with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the Reference Rate or a court or an entity with similar 
insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for the Reference Rate, which states that 
the administrator of the Reference Rate has ceased or will cease to provide the Reference Rate 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the Reference Rate; or 
(iii) 
any event which otherwise constitutes an “index cessation event” (regardless of how it is actually 
defined or described in the definition of the Reference Rate) in relation to which a Priority Fallback 
is specified.  
“Reference Rate Default Event”, for a Series, has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(n)(iii) 
(Redemption Following Reference Rate Event). 
“Reference Rate Event” means, for a Series, that one or more of the following has occurred (including 
where any such event or circumstance has occurred prior to the Issue Date): 
(i) 
a Reference Rate Cessation;  
(ii) 
an Administrator/Benchmark Event; 
(iii) 
a Reference Rate is, with respect to over-the-counter derivatives transactions which reference 
such Reference Rate, the subject of any market-wide development (which may be in the form of a 
protocol by ISDA) pursuant to which such Reference Rate is, on a specified date (the “Risk-Free 
Rate Event Date”), replaced with a risk-free rate (or near risk-free rate) established in order to

--- Page 115 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
115 
comply with the recommendations in the Financial Stability Board’s paper titled “Reforming Major 
Interest Rate Benchmarks” dated 22 July 2014 (a “Risk-Free Rate Event”); or 
(iv) 
in respect of a Reference Rate, a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of such Reference Rate announcing that (a) the regulatory 
supervisor has determined that such Reference Rate is no longer, or as of a specified future date 
will no longer be, representative of the underlying market and economic reality that such 
Reference Rate is intended to measure and that representativeness will not be restored and (b) it 
is being made in the awareness that the statement or publication will engage certain contractual 
triggers for fallbacks activated by pre-cessation announcements by such supervisor (howsoever 
described) in contracts (a “Representative Statement Event” and the date on which the 
Reference Rate is non-representative being the “Representative Statement Event Date”); or  
(v) 
if “Material Change Event” is specified to be applicable in the Accessory Conditions, the definition, 
methodology or formula for a Reference Rate, or other means of calculating the Reference Rate, 
has materially changed or as of a specified future date will materially change (a “Material Change 
Event” and the date on which the material change is effective being the “Material Change Event 
Date”). 
“Reference Rate Event Notice”, for a Series, has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(c)(i).  
“Reference Rate Trade Date” means, for a Series, the date specified as such in the applicable 
Accessory Conditions. 
“Register” means, for a Series, the register maintained by the Registrar for that Series. 
“Registered Note” means a Note in registered form. 
“Registrar” means, for a Series, the person specified as such in the applicable Accessory Conditions or 
any Successor thereto, in each case at its Specified Office. 
“Regulatory Requirement Amendments”, for a Series, has the meaning given to it in Condition 22(c) 
(Regulatory Requirement Amendments). 
“Regulatory Requirement Amendments Certificate”, for a Series, has the meaning given to it in 
Condition 22(c) (Regulatory Requirement Amendments). 
“Regulatory Requirement Event” means, for a Series, that, as a result of a Relevant Regulatory Law: 
(i) 
any of the transactions contemplated by the Conditions and the Transaction Documents are not, 
or will cease to be, compliant with one or more Relevant Regulatory Laws; 
(ii) 
the Issuer and/or any Transaction Party is not, or will cease to be, compliant with one or more 
Relevant Regulatory Laws; or 
(iii) 
the Issuer and/or any Transaction Party is not, or will cease to be, able to continue to transact 
future business (as issuer of Notes or as a transaction party to the Issuer pursuant to the 
Programme) in compliance with all Relevant Regulatory Laws. 
“Relevant Accountholder” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(c) (Substitution of Original 
Collateral). 
“Relevant Date” means, in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon of a Series, the date on which 
payment in respect of it first becomes due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly withheld 
or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or (if earlier) the date 
seven days after that on which notice is duly given to the Noteholders of Notes of that Series that, upon 
further presentation of the Note (or relevant Certificate), Receipt or Coupon being made in accordance

--- Page 116 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
116 
with the Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact made upon such 
presentation. 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a Reference Rate:  
(i) 
the central bank for the currency in which the Reference Rate is denominated or any central bank 
or other supervisor which is responsible for supervising either the Reference Rate or the 
administrator of the Reference Rate; or  
(ii) 
any working group or committee officially endorsed or convened by (A) the central bank for the 
currency in which the Reference Rate is denominated, (B) any central bank or other supervisor 
which is responsible for supervising either the Reference Rate or the administrator of the 
Reference Rate, (C) a group of those central banks or other supervisors or (D) the Financial 
Stability Board or any part thereof.  
“Relevant Payment Date” means, for a Series, the day which falls 15 Reference Business Days after 
the Maturity Date of that Series. 
“Relevant Regulatory Law” means, for a Series:  
(i) 
the Dodd-Frank Act, the U.S. Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 and the U.S. Federal Reserve 
Act of 1913 (or similar legislation in other jurisdictions) and the implementation or adoption of, or 
any change in, any law, regulation or rule related thereto and any formal or informal technical 
guidelines and regulatory technical standards, further regulations, official guidance or official rules 
or procedures with respect thereto;  
(ii) 
Regulation 648/2012 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 4 July 2012 on OTC 
Derivatives, central counterparties and trade repositories and the implementation or adoption of, 
or any change in, any law, regulation or rule related thereto and any formal or informal technical 
guidelines and regulatory technical standards, further regulations, official guidance or official rules 
or procedures with respect thereto; 
(iii) 
Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets 
in financial instruments and amending Directive 2002/92/EC and Directive 2011/61/EU (recast) 
and the implementation or adoption of, or any change in, any law, regulation or rule related thereto 
and any formal or informal technical guidelines and regulatory technical standards, further 
regulations, official guidance or official rules or procedures with respect thereto; 
(iv) 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on 
markets in financial instruments and amending Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 and the 
implementation or adoption of, or any change in, any law, regulation or rule related thereto and 
any formal or informal technical guidelines and regulatory technical standards, further regulations, 
official guidance or official rules or procedures with respect thereto; 
(v) 
Directive 2011/61/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2011 on 
Alternative Investment Fund Managers and the implementation or adoption of, or any change in, 
any law, regulation or rule related thereto and any formal or informal technical guidelines and 
regulatory technical standards, further regulations, official guidance or official rules or procedures 
with respect thereto; 
(vi) 
the implementation or adoption of, or any change in, any applicable law, regulation, rule, 
guideline, standard or guidance after the Relevant Regulatory Law Reference Date, and with 
applicable law, regulation, rule, guideline, standard or guidance for this purpose meaning any 
similar, related or analogous law, regulation, rule, guideline, standard or guidance to those in 
paragraphs (i) to (v) above or any law or regulation that imposes a financial transaction tax or 
other similar tax;

--- Page 117 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
117 
(vii) 
any arrangements or understandings that any Transaction Party or any of its Affiliates may have 
made or entered into with any regulatory agency with respect to its or any of their legal entity 
structure or location with regard to (A) any of paragraphs (i) to (vi) above or (B) the United 
Kingdom’s departure from the EU; or 
(viii) 
any change in any of the laws, regulations, rules, guidelines, standards or guidance referred to in 
paragraphs (i) to (vi) above as a result of the promulgation of, or any change in, the interpretation 
by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction after the Relevant 
Regulatory Law Reference Date or as a result of the public or private statement or action by, or 
response of, any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction or any official or 
representative of any such court, tribunal or regulatory authority acting in an official capacity with 
respect thereto, 
where, paragraphs (ii) to (v) above shall in each case also include any similar concept under comparable 
legislation in the United Kingdom, including as they form part of “retained EU law”, as defined in the 
EUWA. 
“Relevant Regulatory Law Reference Date” means, for a Series, the date specified as such in the 
applicable Accessory Conditions. 
“Remaining Repo Counterparty Claim Amount” has the meaning given to it in Conditions 15(a)(i)(B) 
(Application of Available Proceeds of Liquidation) or 15(b)(i)(B) (Application of Available Proceeds of 
Enforcement of Security), as applicable. 
“Remaining SL Counterparty Claim Amount” has the meaning given to it in Conditions 15(a)(i)(C) 
(Application of Available Proceeds of Liquidation) or 15(b)(i)(C) (Application of Available Proceeds of 
Enforcement of Security), as applicable. 
“Remaining Swap Counterparty Claim Amount” has the meaning given to it in Conditions 15(a)(i)(A) 
(Application of Available Proceeds of Liquidation) or 15(b)(i)(A) (Application of Available Proceeds of 
Enforcement of Security), as applicable. 
“Replacement Reference Rate” means, in respect of a Reference Rate, an interest rate, index, 
benchmark or other price source that the Calculation Agent determines to be a commercially reasonable 
alternative for such Reference Rate, provided that the Replacement Reference Rate must be: 
(i) 
a Pre-nominated Replacement Reference Rate; or 
(ii) 
if there is no Pre-nominated Replacement Reference Rate, an interest rate, index, benchmark or 
other price source (which may be formally designated, nominated or recommended by (A) any 
Relevant Nominating Body or (B) the administrator or sponsor of the Reference Rate (provided 
that such interest rate, index, benchmark or other price source is substantially the same as the 
Reference Rate) to replace the Reference Rate) which is recognised or acknowledged as being 
the industry standard replacement for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference 
such Reference Rate (which recognition or acknowledgment may be in the form of a press 
release, a member announcement, member advice, letter, protocol, publication of standard terms 
or otherwise by ISDA) (an “Industry Standard Replacement Reference Rate”). 
If the Replacement Reference Rate is an Industry Standard Replacement Reference Rate, the 
Calculation Agent shall specify a date on which the interest rate, index, benchmark or other price source 
was recognised or acknowledged as being the relevant industry standard replacement (which may be 
before such interest rate, index, benchmark or other price source commences). 
“Replacement Reference Rate Amendments”, for a Series, has the meaning given to it in Condition 
9(c)(ii) (Occurrence of a Reference Rate Event).

--- Page 118 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
118 
“Replacement Reference Rate Amendments Certificate”, for a Series, has the meaning given to it in 
Condition 9(c)(iii)(B) (Occurrence of a Reference Rate Event). 
“Replacement Reference Rate Ancillary Amendments”, for a Series, has the meaning given to it in 
Condition 9(c)(ii)(C) (Occurrence of a Reference Rate Event). 
“Replacement Reference Rate Notice”, for a Series, has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(c)(iii)(A) 
(Occurrence of a Reference Rate Event). 
“Repo Agreement” means, for a Series, an agreement comprising the GMRA Master Agreement with 
respect to the Repo Counterparty for that Series together with all Repo Transactions entered into 
between the Issuer and that Repo Counterparty in respect of that Series. 
“Repo Agreement Event” means, in accordance with the terms of the Repo Agreement for a Series, that 
an Event of Default (as defined in the Repo Agreement) has occurred with respect to the Repo 
Counterparty. 
“Repo Counterparty” means, for a Series, the person specified as such in the applicable Accessory 
Conditions. 
“Repo Counterparty Bankruptcy Event” means, for a Series (i) a Bankruptcy Event occurs with respect 
to the Repo Counterparty for that Series, (ii) a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has 
Resolved that a Bankruptcy Credit Event has occurred in respect of the Repo Counterparty, or any 
analogous determination has been made by a committee or person under any definitions that replace the 
ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions as the market standard terms for credit derivatives or under any 
amendment of or supplement to the ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions, (iii) the Repo Counterparty for 
that Series is an Affiliate of the Swap Counterparty and a Swap Counterparty Bankruptcy Event has 
occurred or (iv) the Repo Counterparty for that Series is an Affiliate of the SL Counterparty and an SL 
Counterparty Bankruptcy Event has occurred. 
“Repo Posted Collateral” means, for a Series, any securities, cash or other assets or property 
transferred by the Repo Counterparty to the Issuer pursuant to the Repo Agreement that are Purchased 
Securities, Margin Securities or Cash Margin (as such terms are defined in the Repo Agreement). 
“Repo Termination Event” means, for a Series, that an Early Termination Date in respect of all 
outstanding Repo Transactions relating to such Series has been designated or deemed to have been 
designated by the Issuer or the Repo Counterparty for that Series, as applicable, under the Repo 
Agreement for that Series, for any reason other than as a result of the occurrence of an Early 
Redemption Trigger Date in respect of that Series pursuant to Conditions 8(c) (Redemption upon 
Original Collateral Default), 8(d) (Redemption for Taxation Reasons), 8(e) (Redemption for Original 
Collateral Call), 8(f) (Redemption for Termination of Swap Agreement), 8(g) (Redemption for Swap 
Counterparty Bankruptcy Event), 8(i) (Redemption for Repo Counterparty Bankruptcy Event), 8(j) 
(Redemption for Termination of SL Agreement), 8(k) (Redemption for SL Counterparty Bankruptcy 
Event), 8(l) (Redemption Following an Illegality Event), 8(m) (Redemption Following Original Collateral 
Disruption Event), 8(n) (Redemption Following Reference Rate Event), 8(o) (Redemption Following 
Satisfaction of an Issuer Call Condition), 8(p) (Redemption Following Exercise of Noteholder Early 
Redemption Option) or 8(q) (Redemption Following the Occurrence of an Event of Default). 
“Repo Transaction” means, for a Series, a repurchase transaction entered into between the Issuer and 
the Repo Counterparty pursuant to the GMRA Master Agreement in relation to that Series. 
“Representative Statement Event”, for a Series and a Reference Rate, has the meaning given to it in 
the definition of “Reference Rate Event”. 
If, for a Series and a Reference Rate, (i) an event or circumstance which would otherwise constitute or 
give rise to a Representative Statement Event also constitutes a Reference Rate Cessation or (ii) a

--- Page 119 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
119 
Reference Rate Cessation and a Representative Statement Event would otherwise be continuing at the 
same time, it will in either case constitute a Reference Rate Cessation and will not constitute or give rise 
to a Representative Statement Event provided that, if the date that would otherwise have been the 
Representative Statement Event Date would have occurred before the Reference Rate is no longer 
available or becomes non-representative, Condition 9(e) (Interim Measures) shall apply as if a 
Representative Statement Event had occurred. 
“Representative Statement Event Date”, for a Series and a Reference Rate, has the meaning given to 
it in the definition of “Reference Rate Event”. 
“Required Ratings” means a short-term issuer credit rating of A-1+ or A-1 by S&P and a short-term 
issuer credit rating of P-1 by Moody’s. 
“Residual Amount” means, for a Series and with respect to an application of Available Proceeds in 
connection with a Liquidation Event or an Enforcement Event of a Series, as applicable, all remaining 
proceeds (if any) after the application of the Available Proceeds to satisfy the payments set out in 
Conditions 15(a)(i) to 15(a)(vii) (Application of Available Proceeds of Liquidation) or 15(b)(i) to 15(b)(vii) 
(Application of Available Proceeds of Enforcement of Security), as applicable. 
“Resolved” has the meaning given to it in the ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions. 
“Risk-Free Rate Event”, for a Series and a Reference Rate, has the meaning given to it in the definition 
of “Reference Rate Event”. 
If, for a Series and a Reference Rate, (i) an event or circumstance which would otherwise constitute or 
give rise to a Risk-Free Rate Event also constitutes a Reference Rate Cessation or (ii) a Reference Rate 
Cessation and a Risk-Free Rate Event would otherwise be continuing at the same time, it will in either 
case constitute a Reference Rate Cessation and will not constitute or give rise to a Risk-Free Rate Event 
provided that, if the date that would otherwise have been the Risk-Free Rate Event Date would have 
occurred before the Reference Rate is no longer available or becomes non-representative, Condition 
9(e) (Interim Measures) shall apply as if a Risk-Free Rate Event had occurred. 
“Risk-Free Rate Event Date”, for a Series and a Reference Rate, has the meaning given to it in the 
definition of “Reference Rate Event”. 
“S&P” means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited. 
“Secured Creditor” means, for a Series, each person that is entitled to the benefit of Secured Payment 
Obligations of that Series. 
“Secured Payment Obligations” means, for a Series, the payment obligations of the Issuer under the 
Trust Deed, the Swap Agreement, the Repo Agreement, the SL Agreement and each Note, Coupon, 
Receipt and Talon for that Series, together with any obligation of the Issuer to make payment to the 
Disposal Agent, any other Agent or the Custodian pursuant to Conditions 15(a) (Application of Available 
Proceeds of Liquidation) or 15(b) (Application of Available Proceeds of Enforcement of Security), as the 
case may be, in each case as such payment obligation may be amended, varied, supplemented, 
modified, suspended, replaced, assigned or novated from time to time. 
“Securities Act” means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933. 
“Securitisation Act 2004” means the Luxembourg act dated 22 March 2004 relating to securitisation, as 
amended. 
“Security” for a Series means the security constituted by the Trust Deed and any other Security 
Documents (as the case may be) of that Series.

--- Page 120 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
120 
“Security Document” means, for a Series, (i) the Trust Deed and (ii) any Japanese Pledge Agreement, 
Korean Pledge Agreement or other additional security document in respect of the Notes of that Series 
which creates or purports to create security in favour of the Trustee for the benefit of itself and the other 
Secured Creditors of that Series. 
“Series” means a series of Notes comprising one or more Tranches, whether or not issued on the same 
date, which (except in respect of the first payment of interest and their issue price) have identical terms 
on issue and are expressed to have the same series number. 
“SL Agreement” means, for a Series, an agreement comprising the GMSLA Master Agreement with 
respect to the SL Counterparty for that Series together with all SL Transactions entered into between the 
Issuer and that SL Counterparty in respect of that Series. 
“SL Agreement Event” means, in accordance with the terms of the SL Agreement for a Series, that an 
Event of Default (as defined in the SL Agreement) has occurred with respect to the SL Counterparty or 
the Issuer is entitled to deliver a notice pursuant to paragraph 9 of the GMSLA Master Agreement. 
“SL Counterparty” means, for a Series, the person specified as such in the applicable Accessory 
Conditions. 
“SL Counterparty Bankruptcy Event” means, for a Series (i) a Bankruptcy Event occurs with respect to 
the SL Counterparty for that Series, (ii) a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved 
that a Bankruptcy Credit Event has occurred in respect of the SL Counterparty, or any analogous 
determination has been made by a committee or person under any definitions that replace the ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions as the market standard terms for credit derivatives or under any 
amendment of or supplement to the ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions, (iii) the SL Counterparty for that 
Series is an Affiliate of the Swap Counterparty and a Swap Counterparty Bankruptcy Event has occurred 
or (iv) the SL Counterparty for that Series is an Affiliate of the Repo Counterparty and a Repo 
Counterparty Bankruptcy Event has occurred. 
“SL Net Margin” has the meaning given to it in Conditions 15(a)(i)(C) (Application of Available Proceeds 
of Liquidation) or (b)(i)(C) (Application of Available Proceeds of Enforcement of Security), as applicable. 
“SL Net Margin Return Amount” has the meaning given to it in Conditions 15(a)(i)(C) (Application of 
Available Proceeds of Liquidation) or (b)(i)(C) (Application of Available Proceeds of Enforcement of 
Security), as applicable. 
“SL Posted Collateral” means, for a Series, any securities, cash or other assets or property transferred 
by the SL Counterparty to the Issuer pursuant to the SL Agreement. 
“SL Termination Event” means, for a Series, that either: 
(i) 
an Early Termination Date in respect of all outstanding SL Transactions relating to such Series 
has been designated or deemed to have been designated by the Issuer or the SL Counterparty for 
that Series, as applicable, under the SL Agreement for that Series, for any reason other than as a 
result of the occurrence of an Early Redemption Trigger Date in respect of that Series pursuant to 
Conditions 8(c) (Redemption upon Original Collateral Default), 8(d) (Redemption for Taxation 
Reasons), 8(e) (Redemption for Original Collateral Call), 8(f) (Redemption for Termination of 
Swap Agreement), 8(g) (Redemption for Swap Counterparty Bankruptcy Event), 8(h) (Redemption 
for Termination of Repo Agreement), 8(i) (Redemption for Repo Counterparty Bankruptcy Event), 
8(k) (Redemption for SL Counterparty Bankruptcy Event), 8(l) (Redemption Following an Illegality 
Event), 8(m) (Redemption Following Original Collateral Disruption Event), 8(n) (Redemption 
Following Reference Rate Event), 8(o) (Redemption Following Satisfaction of an Issuer Call 
Condition), 8(p) (Redemption Following Exercise of Noteholder Early Redemption Option) or 8(q) 
(Redemption Following the Occurrence of an Event of Default); or

--- Page 121 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
121 
(ii) 
each SL Transaction relating to such Series has been terminated pursuant to paragraph 9 of the 
GMSLA Master Agreement. 
“SL Transaction” means, for a Series, a securities lending transaction entered into between the Issuer 
and the SL Counterparty pursuant to the GMSLA Master Agreement in relation to that Series. 
“special quorum resolution” has the meaning given to it in paragraph 2 (Powers of Meetings) of 
Schedule 1 (Provisions for Meetings of Noteholders) to the Trust Deed. 
“Specified Currency” means, for a Series, the currency specified as such in the applicable Accessory 
Conditions or, if none is specified, the currency in which the Notes are denominated. 
“Specified Currency Equivalent” means, with respect to an amount on the Early Valuation Date, in the 
case of an amount denominated in the Specified Currency, such Specified Currency amount and, in the 
case of an amount denominated in a currency other than the Specified Currency (the “Other Currency”), 
the amount of Specified Currency required to purchase such amount of the Other Currency at a rate 
determined by the Disposal Agent for the Series to be representative of the spot foreign exchange rates 
prevailing for sale of the Other Currency and purchase of the Specified Currency. 
“Specified Denomination” means, in respect of a Note, the amount specified in the applicable 
Accessory Conditions. 
“Specified Office” means, in relation to an Agent or the Custodian, the office identified with its name in 
the applicable Accessory Conditions. 
“SPIRE” means Single Platform Investment Repackaging Entity SA. 
“SPIRE Bankruptcy Event” means, for a Series, SPIRE:  
(i) 
is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger on terms previously 
approved in writing by the Trustee or by an Extraordinary Resolution); 
(ii) 
save to the extent contemplated in the Trust Deed for that Series, makes a general assignment, 
arrangement, scheme or composition with or for the benefit of the Noteholders, or such a general 
assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition becomes effective; 
(iii) 
institutes or has instituted against it, by a regulator, supervisor or any similar official with 
insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it, a proceeding seeking a judgment of 
insolvency or bankruptcy or any other similar relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or 
other law affecting creditors’ rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation 
(including, without limitation, any bankruptcy (faillite), insolvency, voluntary, forced or judicial 
liquidation (liquidation volontaire ou judiciaire ou forcée), composition with creditors (concordat 
préventif de la faillite), reprieve from payment (sursis de paiement), controlled management 
(gestion contrôlée), general settlement with creditors or reorganisation proceedings or similar 
proceedings affecting the rights of creditors generally) by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar 
official; 
(iv) 
has instituted against it, by a person or entity not described in paragraph (iii) above, a proceeding 
seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other similar relief under any bankruptcy or 
insolvency law or other law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up 
or liquidation (including, without limitation, any bankruptcy (faillite), insolvency, voluntary, forced or 
judicial liquidation (liquidation volontaire ou judiciaire ou forcée), composition with creditors 
(concordat préventif de la faillite), reprieve from payment (sursis de paiement), controlled 
management (gestion contrôlée), general settlement with creditors or reorganisation proceedings 
or similar proceedings affecting the rights of creditors generally), and such proceeding or petition 
(A) results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the

--- Page 122 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
122 
making of an order for its winding-up or liquidation, or (B) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or 
restrained in each case within 30 days of the institution or presentation thereof; 
(v) 
has a resolution passed for its winding-up or liquidation (other than pursuant to a consolidation, 
amalgamation or merger on terms previously approved in writing by the Trustee or by an 
Extraordinary Resolution); 
(vi) 
seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, 
conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official (including, without limitation, any 
receiver (curateur), liquidator (liquidateur), auditor (commissaire), verifier (expert-vérificateur), juge 
délégué or juge commissaire), provisional administrator (administration provisoire) or any 
application made or petition lodged or documents filed with the court or administrator in relation to 
the Issuer or SPIRE (as appropriate)) for it or for any assets on which the liabilities of the Issuer 
under the relevant Notes are secured pursuant to the Trust Deed for that Series; 
(vii) 
other than the Trustee for that Series (except in circumstances where the Trustee is enforcing the 
Security pursuant to the Trust Deed) or the Custodian for that Series, has a secured party take 
possession of any assets on which the liabilities of the Issuer under the relevant Notes are 
secured pursuant to the Trust Deed for that Series or has a distress, execution, attachment, 
sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against any assets on which 
the liabilities of the Issuer under the relevant Notes are secured pursuant to the Trust Deed for 
that Series and such secured party maintains possession, or any such process is not dismissed, 
discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case within 30 days thereafter; or  
(viii) 
causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any 
jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in paragraphs (i) to (vii) above. 
For the avoidance of doubt, references in paragraph (vi) above to (A) a “trustee” shall not include the 
Trustee carrying out its day-to-day duties in respect of the relevant Notes, (but shall, however, include 
circumstances where the Trustee is enforcing the Security pursuant to the Trust Deed in respect thereof) 
or (B) a “custodian” shall not include the Custodian carrying out its day-to-day duties in respect of the 
relevant Notes.  
“Standard Linear Interpolation” means the straight-line interpolation by reference to two rates based on 
the relevant ISDA Rate, one of which will be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of 
time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the affected Interest Period and the 
other of which will be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are 
available next longer than the length of such Interest Period. For the purposes of this definition, 
“Designated Maturity” has the meaning given to it in the applicable ISDA Definitions. 
“Substitution” has the meaning given to it in Condition 19(c) (Substitution).  
“Substitution Certificate” has the meaning given to it in Condition 19(c) (Substitution). 
“Successor” means, for a Series and in relation to an Agent or the Custodian for such Series, such other 
or further person as may, from time to time, be appointed by the Issuer as such Agent or Custodian with 
the written approval of the Trustee of such Series (except that, subject to Conditions 11(b)(ii)(B) 
(Calculation Agent Appointment, Termination and Replacement) and 11(c)(ii)(B) (Disposal Agent 
Appointment, Termination and Replacement), the written approval of the Trustee shall not apply to the 
Disposal Agent and/or the Calculation Agent where the Noteholders, acting by Extraordinary Resolution, 
give instruction to the Issuer to appoint a replacement Disposal Agent and/or Calculation Agent in 
accordance with Condition 11 (Agents)) and notice of whose appointment is given to Noteholders of that 
Series pursuant to Clause 7.1.16 (Change in Agents or Custodian) of the Trust Deed.

--- Page 123 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
123 
“Swap/Repo/Securities Lending Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 22(b) 
(Swap/Repo/Securities Lending Amendments). 
“Swap/Repo/Securities Lending Amendments Certificate” has the meaning given to it in Condition 
22(b) (Swap/Repo/Securities Lending Amendments). 
“Swap Agreement” means, for a Series, an agreement comprising the ISDA Master Agreement with 
respect to the Swap Counterparty for that Series together with all Swap Transactions entered into 
between the Issuer and that Swap Counterparty in respect of that Series. 
“Swap Agreement Event” means, in accordance with the terms of the Swap Agreement for a Series, 
that an Event of Default (as defined in the Swap Agreement) has occurred with respect to the Swap 
Counterparty or a Termination Event (as defined in the Swap Agreement) has occurred where the Issuer 
has the right to designate an Early Termination Date in respect of all outstanding Swap Transactions 
under that Swap Agreement. 
“Swap Counterparty” means, for a Series, the person specified as such in the applicable Accessory 
Conditions. 
“Swap Counterparty Bankruptcy Event” means, for a Series (i) a Bankruptcy Event occurs with 
respect to the Swap Counterparty for that Series, (ii) a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has 
Resolved that a Bankruptcy Credit Event has occurred in respect of the Swap Counterparty, or any 
analogous determination has been made by a committee or person under any definitions that replace the 
ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions as the market standard terms for credit derivatives or under any 
amendment of or supplement to the ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions, (iii) the Swap Counterparty for 
that Series is an Affiliate of the Repo Counterparty and a Repo Counterparty Bankruptcy Event has 
occurred or (iv) the Swap Counterparty for that Series is an Affiliate of the SL Counterparty and an SL 
Counterparty Bankruptcy Event has occurred. 
“Swap Counterparty CSA Posted Collateral” means, for a Series, any securities, cash or other assets 
or property transferred by the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer pursuant to the Credit Support Annex that 
are Eligible Credit Support (VM) comprising the Credit Support Balance (VM) of the Swap Counterparty 
(as such terms are defined in the Swap Agreement). 
“Swap Guarantor” means the person specified as such in the applicable Accessory Conditions. 
“Swap Termination Event” means, for a Series, that an Early Termination Date in respect of all 
outstanding Swap Transactions relating to such Series has been designated or deemed to have been 
designated by the Issuer or the Swap Counterparty for that Series, as applicable, under the Swap 
Agreement for that Series for any reason other than as a result of the occurrence of an Early Redemption 
Trigger Date in respect of that Series pursuant to Conditions 8(c) (Redemption upon Original Collateral 
Default), 8(d) (Redemption for Taxation Reasons), 8(e) (Redemption for Original Collateral Call), 8(g) 
(Redemption for Swap Counterparty Bankruptcy Event), 8(h) (Redemption for Termination of Repo 
Agreement), 8(i) (Redemption for Repo Counterparty Bankruptcy Event), 8(j) (Redemption for 
Termination of SL Agreement), 8(k) (Redemption for SL Counterparty Bankruptcy Event), 8(l) 
(Redemption Following an Illegality Event), 8(m) (Redemption Following Original Collateral Disruption 
Event), 8(n) (Redemption Following Reference Rate Event), 8(o) (Redemption Following Satisfaction of 
an Issuer Call Condition), 8(p) (Redemption Following Exercise of Noteholder Early Redemption Option) 
or 8(q) (Redemption Following the Occurrence of an Event of Default). 
“Swap Transaction” means, for a Series, a derivative transaction entered into between the Issuer and 
the Swap Counterparty pursuant to the ISDA Master Agreement in relation to that Series. 
“Talon” means a talon for one or more further Coupons and includes any replacement Talon issued 
pursuant to the Conditions.

--- Page 124 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
124 
“TARGET Business Day” means a day on which the TARGET System is open. 
“TARGET System” means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer (TARGET2) system or any successor thereto. 
“Temporary Global Note” means a Global Note representing Bearer Notes of one or more Tranches of 
the same Series on issue and which shall be substantially in the form set out in the Master Forms of 
Notes. 
“Termination Payment” means, for a Series: 
(i) 
in respect of the Swap Agreement for that Series, any Early Termination Amount (as defined in 
the Swap Agreement) due under such Swap Agreement; 
(ii) 
in respect of the Repo Agreement for that Series, the balance determined pursuant to paragraph 
10(d) thereof; and 
(iii) 
in respect of the SL Agreement for that Series, the balance determined pursuant to paragraph 
11.2 thereof. 
“TGN Exchange Date” means the first day following the expiry of 40 days after the Issue Date. 
“Tranche” means, in relation to a Series, those Notes of that Series that are issued on the same date at 
the same issue price and in respect of which the first payment of interest is identical. 
“Transaction Document” means, for a Series, each of the Security Document(s), the Agency 
Agreement, the Collateral Sale Agreement, the Custody Agreement, the Dealer Agreement, the Repo 
Agreement, the SL Agreement and the Swap Agreement for that Series, as applicable, together with the 
Issue Deed for each Tranche of that Series, the Programme Deed and any other agreement specified as 
such in the applicable Accessory Conditions. 
“Transaction Party” means, for a Series, each party to a Transaction Document of that Series other 
than the Issuer and any other person specified as a Transaction Party in the applicable Accessory 
Conditions. 
“Transfer Agent(s)” means, for a Series, the Registrar and the persons entering into the Agency 
Agreement for that Series as Transfer Agent or, in each case, any Successor thereto, in each case at 
their respective Specified Offices. 
“Transferee” has the meaning given to it in the applicable Credit Support Annex. 
“Transferor” has the meaning given to it in the applicable Credit Support Annex. 
“Trust Deed” means, for a Series, the trust deed for that Series created by entry into of the Issue Deed 
for the first Tranche of that Series, on the terms of the Master Trust Terms as amended by such Issue 
Deed. 
“Trustee” means, for a Series, the person specified as such in the applicable Accessory Conditions or 
any replacement Trustee appointed by the Issuer for such Series. 
“Trustee Application Date” means, for a Series, each date on which the Trustee for that Series 
determines to apply the Available Proceeds of such Series in accordance with the provisions of the 
Conditions and the Trust Deed of such Series. 
“UK Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of “retained EU law”, 
as defined in the EUWA. 
“Undeliverable Original Collateral Amount” means, in respect of an Instructing Noteholder, (i) the 
Instructing Noteholder Proportion in respect of that Instructing Noteholder multiplied by the total principal

--- Page 125 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
125 
amount of the Original Collateral as at the date of the Original Collateral Substitution Notice minus (ii) the 
principal amount of the Deliverable Original Collateral Amount in respect of that Instructing Noteholder. 
“Underlying Obligation” means, with respect to a guarantee, the obligation which is the subject of the 
guarantee. 
“Underlying Obligor” means with respect to an Underlying Obligation, the issuer in the case of a bond, 
the borrower in the case of a loan, or the principal obligor in the case of any other Underlying Obligation. 
“Unscheduled Holiday” means, in respect of any day, that such day is not a Reference Business Day 
and the market was not aware of such fact by means of a public announcement until after 09:00 a.m. in 
the relevant financial centre for the purpose of such Reference Business Day, on the day that is two 
Reference Business Days (not including days that would have been Reference Business Days but for 
that announcement) prior to that day. 
“U.S.” and “United States” means the United States of America. 
“U.S. Person” means a “United States person” within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code, 
including a U.S. citizen or resident, a corporation or partnership organised in or under the laws of the 
United States, and certain estates and trusts. 
“U.S. Withholding Notes” means, for a Series, any Note of such Series if in respect of such Series: 
(i) 
the Notes are secured by Original Collateral that is a debt instrument issued by a U.S. Person or 
that otherwise pays or is deemed to pay amounts treated as U.S. source income for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes;  
(ii) 
the Notes are secured by Collateral (other than the Original Collateral) that is a debt instrument 
issued by a U.S. Person or that otherwise pays or is deemed to pay amounts treated as U.S. 
source income for U.S. federal income tax purposes; 
(iii) 
the Swap Counterparty is a U.S. Person; 
(iv) 
the Repo Counterparty is a U.S. Person; or 
(v) 
the SL Counterparty is a U.S. Person. 
U.S. Withholding Notes may be issued solely as Registered Notes. 
“Variable-linked Interest Rate Note” means each Note issued by way of Pricing Terms the Interest 
Basis of which is specified in the applicable Pricing Terms to be “Variable-linked Interest Rate Note”. 
“Vendor” means, for a Series, the person specified as such in the applicable Accessory Conditions. 
“Zero Coupon Note” means each Note the Interest Basis of which is specified in the applicable 
Accessory Conditions to be “Zero Coupon”. 
2 
Form, Specified Denomination and Title 
(a) 
Form 
The Notes are issued in bearer form or in registered form, in each case, in the Specified 
Denomination(s) specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions. 
Definitive Bearer Notes are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons (and, where 
appropriate, a Talon) attached, save in the case of Zero Coupon Notes in definitive bearer form, in 
which case references to interest (other than in relation to Default Interest), Coupons and Talons 
in the Conditions are not applicable. Instalment Notes in definitive bearer form are issued with one 
or more Receipts attached.

--- Page 126 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
126 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes not in definitive form will be initially issued in the form of a 
Temporary Global Note or, if so specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions, a Permanent 
Global Note. 
Registered Notes are represented by registered certificates and each Certificate shall represent 
the entire holding of Registered Notes by the same holder. 
In respect of each Tranche of Notes in global form, the relevant Global Note or Global Certificate 
will be delivered on or prior to the Issue Date to a Common Depositary. 
Upon the initial deposit of a Global Note with a Common Depositary or registration of Registered 
Notes in the name of any nominee for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and delivery of the 
relevant Global Certificate to the Common Depositary, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg will 
credit each subscriber with a principal amount of Notes equal to the principal amount thereof for 
which it has subscribed and paid. 
Notes that are initially deposited with a Common Depositary may also be credited to the accounts 
of subscribers with (if indicated in the applicable Accessory Conditions) other clearing systems 
through direct or indirect accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg held by such 
other clearing systems. Conversely, Notes that are initially deposited with (if indicated in the 
applicable Accessory Conditions) any other clearing system may similarly be credited to the 
accounts of subscribers with Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or other clearing systems. 
(b) 
Title 
Title to Definitive Bearer Notes and Receipts, Coupons and Talons thereto and Global Notes shall 
pass by delivery.  
Title to Registered Notes shall pass by registration in the Register that the Issuer shall procure will 
be kept by the Registrar in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement.  
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder of any 
Definitive Bearer Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon and the registered holder of any Registered 
Note shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or 
not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or an interest in it, any writing on 
it (or on the Certificate representing it) or its theft or loss (or that of the related Certificate), and no 
person shall be liable for so treating the holder.  
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder 
of a Note represented by a Global Note or Global Certificate must look solely to Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (as the case may be) for his share of each payment made by the Issuer 
to the bearer of such Global Note or the holder of the underlying Registered Notes, as the case 
may be, and in relation to all other rights arising under the Global Notes or Global Certificates, 
subject to and in accordance with the respective rules and procedures of Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (as the case may be). Such persons shall have no claim directly 
against the Issuer in respect of payments due on the Notes for so long as the Notes are 
represented by such Global Note or Global Certificate, and such obligations of the Issuer will be 
discharged by payment to the bearer of such Global Note or the holder of the underlying 
Registered Notes, as the case may be, in respect of each amount so paid.  
(c) 
Denomination 
All Registered Notes of a Series shall have the same Specified Denomination. For such purpose, 
if the applicable Accessory Conditions specify that the Specified Denomination of a Note 
comprises a minimum Specified Denomination and integral multiples of the Calculation Amount in 
excess thereof then, in the context of Registered Notes only, the Specified Denomination for such

--- Page 127 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
127 
Registered Notes shall be deemed to be the Calculation Amount and the minimum Specified 
Denomination shall represent the minimum aggregate holding required of a Noteholder. Transfers 
that would result in the transferee or transferor holding less than such minimum aggregate holding 
shall not be permitted. 
(d) 
Interest Basis and Redemption/Payment Basis 
The Notes are Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes, Variable-linked Interest Rate Notes, Zero 
Coupon Notes or Instalment Notes, a combination of any of the foregoing or any other kind of 
Note, depending upon the Interest Basis and Redemption/Payment Basis specified in the 
applicable Accessory Conditions. 
3 
Exchanges of Notes and Transfers of Notes 
(a) 
Prohibited Exchanges of Notes 
Registered Notes are not exchangeable for Bearer Notes. Bearer Notes of one Specified 
Denomination may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes of another Specified Denomination. Bearer 
Notes may not be exchanged for Registered Notes. 
(b) 
Exchange of Temporary Global Note for Permanent Global Note or Definitive Bearer Notes 
On or after the TGN Exchange Date, a Temporary Global Note may be exchanged (free of charge 
to the holder) in whole or (in the case of a D Rules Note only) from time to time in part by its 
presentation and, on exchange in full, surrender to or to the order of the Issuing and Paying Agent 
for (i) interests in a Permanent Global Note or (ii) if so specified in the applicable Accessory 
Conditions, for Definitive Bearer Notes, in each case in an aggregate principal amount equal to 
the aggregate principal amount of such Temporary Global Note, provided that, in the case of any 
D Rules Note (or any part thereof) submitted for exchange for a Permanent Global Note or 
Definitive Bearer Notes, there shall have been Certification with respect to such principal amount 
submitted for such exchange dated no earlier than the TGN Exchange Date. 
On any exchange of a part of a Temporary Global Note for an equivalent interest in a Permanent 
Global Note or for Definitive Bearer Notes, as the case may be, the portion of the principal amount 
of such Temporary Global Note so exchanged shall be endorsed by or on behalf of the Issuing 
and Paying Agent in the first schedule thereto, whereupon the principal amount thereof shall be 
reduced for all purposes by the amount so exchanged and endorsed. 
(c) 
Exchange of Permanent Global Note for Definitive Bearer Notes 
If a Permanent Global Note is held on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg and any 
such clearing system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by 
reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or announces an intention permanently to cease 
business or does in fact do so, on or after the PGN Exchange Date, such Permanent Global Note 
may be exchanged (free of charge to the holder) in whole but not in part for Definitive Bearer 
Notes in an aggregate principal amount equal to the aggregate principal amount of the Permanent 
Global Note submitted for exchange. Any such exchange may be effected by the holder of the 
Permanent Global Note presenting and surrendering such Permanent Global Note to or to the 
order of the Issuing and Paying Agent. 
(d) 
Definitive Bearer Notes 
The Definitive Bearer Notes for which a Temporary Global Note or a Permanent Global Note may 
be exchanged shall: 
(i) 
be duly executed and authenticated;

--- Page 128 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
128 
(ii) 
have attached to them all Coupons (and, where appropriate, Talons) in respect of interest 
and all Receipts in respect of Instalment Amounts, in each case that have not already been 
paid on such Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global Note, as the case may be; 
(iii) 
be security printed; and 
(iv) 
be substantially in the form set out in the Master Forms of Notes as completed by the 
applicable Final Terms or as completed, amended, supplemented or varied by the 
applicable Pricing Terms. 
If a Global Note is exchanged for Definitive Bearer Notes, such Definitive Bearer Notes shall be 
issued in Specified Denomination(s) only. A Noteholder who holds a principal amount of less than 
the minimum Specified Denomination will not receive a Definitive Bearer Note in respect of such 
holding and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that it holds an amount 
equal to one or more Specified Denominations. 
(e) 
Transfers of Global Notes 
Beneficial interests in Notes represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance 
with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the 
case may be. 
(f) 
Transfers of Registered Notes 
One or more Definitive Registered Notes may be transferred upon the surrender (at the Specified 
Office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent) of the Certificate representing such Definitive 
Registered Notes to be transferred, together with the form of transfer endorsed on such Certificate 
(or another form of transfer substantially in the same form and containing the same 
representations and certifications (if any), unless otherwise agreed by the Issuer) duly completed 
and executed, and any such other evidence as the Registrar or Transfer Agent may reasonably 
require.  
In the case of a transfer of part only of a holding of Definitive Registered Notes represented by 
one Certificate, a new Certificate shall be issued to the transferee in respect of the part transferred 
and a further new Certificate in respect of the balance of the holding not transferred shall be 
issued to the transferor.  
All transfers of Registered Notes and entries on the Register will be subject to and effected in 
accordance with the detailed regulations concerning transfers of Registered Notes scheduled to 
the Agency Agreement. The regulations may be changed by the Issuer, with the prior written 
approval of the Registrar and the Trustee. A copy of the current regulations will be made available 
by the Registrar to any Noteholder upon request. 
Beneficial interests in Notes represented by a Global Certificate will be transferable only in 
accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Transfers of part only of the holding of Notes represented by a Global Certificate may only be 
made: 
(i) 
if the Notes represented by such Global Certificate are held on behalf of Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and any such clearing system is closed for business for a 
continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or 
announces an intention permanently to cease business or does in fact do so; or 
(ii) 
with the consent of the Issuer,

--- Page 129 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
129 
provided that, in the case of the first transfer of part of a holding pursuant to paragraph (i) above, 
the holder of the Notes represented by such Global Certificate has given the Registrar at least 30 
days’ notice at its Specified Office of such holder’s intention to effect such transfer. Where the 
holding of Notes represented by the Global Certificate is only transferable in its entirety, the 
Certificate issued to the transferee upon transfer of such holding shall be a Global Certificate. 
Where transfers are permitted in part, Certificates issued to transferees shall not be Global 
Certificates unless the transferee so requests and certifies to the Registrar that it is, or is acting as 
a nominee for, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
(g) 
Delivery of New Certificates 
Each new Certificate to be issued pursuant to Condition 3(f) (Transfers of Registered Notes) shall 
be available for delivery within three business days of the surrender of the relevant Certificate 
together with the relevant form of transfer and relevant evidence required by the Registrar or 
Transfer Agent. Delivery of the new Certificate(s) shall be made at the Specified Office of the 
Transfer Agent or of the Registrar (as the case may be) to whom delivery or surrender of such 
form of transfer or Certificate shall have been made or, at the option of the holder making such 
delivery or surrender as aforesaid and as specified in the relevant form of transfer or otherwise in 
writing, be mailed by uninsured post at the risk of the holder entitled to the new Certificate to such 
address as may be so specified, unless such holder requests otherwise and pays in advance to 
the relevant Transfer Agent or the Registrar the costs of such other method of delivery and/or 
such insurance as it may specify. In this Condition 3(g), “business day” means a day, other than 
a Saturday or Sunday, on which banks are open for business in the place of the Specified Office 
of the relevant Transfer Agent or the Registrar (as the case may be). 
(h) 
Transfers Free of Charge 
Transfers of Registered Notes pursuant to Condition 3(f) (Transfers of Registered Notes) and 
delivery of Certificates pursuant to Condition 3(g) (Delivery of New Certificates) shall be effected 
without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Registrar or the Transfer Agents, but upon 
payment of any tax or other governmental charges that may be imposed in relation to it (or the 
giving of such indemnity as the Registrar or the relevant Transfer Agent may require). 
(i) 
Closed Periods 
No Noteholder may require the transfer of a Registered Note to be registered: (i) during the period 
of 15 days ending on the Maturity Date, or the due date for payment of any Instalment Amount, in 
respect of that Note, (ii) after the occurrence of any Early Redemption Trigger Date and/or any 
Liquidation Event in relation to such Note or (iii) during the period of seven days ending on (and 
including) any Record Date. 
4 
Constitution, Status, Collateral and Non-applicability 
(a) 
Constitution and Status of Notes 
The Notes are constituted and secured by the Trust Deed. The Notes are secured, limited 
recourse obligations of the Issuer, at all times ranking pari passu and without any preference 
among themselves, which are subject to the provisions of the Securitisation Act 2004 and secured 
in the manner described in Condition 5 (Security) and recourse in respect of which is limited in the 
manner described in Conditions 14 (Enforcement of Security), 15 (Application of Available 
Proceeds) and 17(a) (General Limited Recourse).

--- Page 130 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
130 
(b) 
Collateral 
In connection with the issue of the Notes, the Issuer may acquire rights, title and/or interests in 
and to the Collateral. The Original Collateral shall be as specified in the applicable Accessory 
Conditions. In addition or in the alternative to its acquisition of rights, title and/or interests in and to 
the Original Collateral, the Issuer may enter into a Swap Agreement, guaranteed, if applicable, by 
the Swap Guarantor, a Repo Agreement and/or an SL Agreement, in each case with respect to 
the Notes as specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions. 
(c) 
Non-applicability 
Where no reference is made in the applicable Accessory Conditions to any Original Collateral, 
references in the Conditions to any Original Collateral, to any Secured Payment Obligation 
relating to such Original Collateral and to any related Original Collateral Obligor or Secured 
Creditor relating to such Collateral, as the case may be, shall not be applicable. Where no 
reference is made in the applicable Accessory Conditions to any Swap Agreement, Swap 
Counterparty, Swap Guarantor, Repo Agreement, Repo Counterparty, SL Agreement and/or SL 
Counterparty, references in the Conditions thereto shall not be applicable. Where no reference is 
made in the Accessory Conditions to any Rating Agency rating the Notes at the request of the 
Issuer, references in the Conditions to any Rating Agency or Rating Agency Affirmation shall not 
be applicable. 
(d) 
Rating Agency Affirmation 
The Trustee shall be entitled to assume, without further investigation or enquiry, for the purpose of 
exercising or performing any right, power, trust, authority, duty or discretion under or in relation to 
the Trust Deed or any other Transaction Document (including, without limitation, any consent, 
approval, modification, waiver, authorisation or determination), that such exercise will not be 
materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders, if it receives a Rating Agency Affirmation 
in respect thereof or each Rating Agency then rating the outstanding Notes at the request of the 
Issuer has publicly announced that the then current rating by it of the outstanding Notes (if any) 
would not be adversely affected or withdrawn in connection therewith. For such purpose, the 
public announcement by the relevant Rating Agency need not refer to the Notes specifically but 
may instead refer generally to securities possessing certain characteristics. 
5 
Security 
(a) 
Security 
Unless otherwise specified in the Issue Deed, pursuant to the Trust Deed, the Secured Payment 
Obligations are secured in favour of the Trustee for the benefit of itself and the other Secured 
Creditors by: 
(i) 
a first fixed charge over the Collateral and all property, assets and sums derived therefrom; 
(ii) 
an assignment by way of security of all the rights, title and interest of the Issuer attaching or 
relating to the Collateral and all property, sums and assets derived therefrom, including, 
without limitation, any right to delivery thereof or to an equivalent number or principal value 
thereof which arises in connection with any such assets being held in a clearing system or 
through a financial intermediary; 
(iii) 
an assignment by way of security of the rights and interest of the Issuer in and under the 
Swap Agreement and any related guarantee provided by a Swap Guarantor and of the 
rights, title and interest of the Issuer in all property, assets and sums derived from the Swap

--- Page 131 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
131 
Agreement and any such guarantee, without prejudice to, and after giving effect to, any 
contractual netting provision contained in the Swap Agreement; 
(iv) 
an assignment by way of security of the rights and interest of the Issuer in and under the 
Repo Agreement and of the rights, title and interest of the Issuer in all property, assets and 
sums derived from the Repo Agreement, without prejudice to, and after giving effect to, any 
set off provision contained in the Repo Agreement; 
(v) 
an assignment by way of security of the rights and interest of the Issuer in and under the SL 
Agreement and of the rights, title and interest of the Issuer in all property, assets and sums 
derived from the SL Agreement, without prejudice to, and after giving effect to, any set off 
provision contained in the SL Agreement; 
(vi) 
an assignment by way of security of the rights and interest of the Issuer in and under the 
Agency Agreement, any other agreement entered into between the Issuer and the Disposal 
Agent and the Custody Agreement and of the rights, title and interest of the Issuer in all 
property, assets and sums derived from such agreements; 
(vii) 
a first fixed charge over (A) all sums held by the Issuing and Paying Agent and the 
Custodian to meet payments due in respect of any Secured Payment Obligation, and (B) 
any sums received by the Custodian under the Swap Agreement, the Repo Agreement and 
the SL Agreement; and 
(viii) 
a first fixed charge over all property, sums and assets held or received by the Disposal 
Agent relating to the Transaction Documents and the Collateral, 
subject, in each case, to any Japanese Pledge Agreement or Korean Pledge Agreement that may 
be applicable to a Series. 
Certain of the assets being the subject of the Security created pursuant to the Trust Deed shall be 
released automatically, without the need for any notice or other formalities (A) to the extent 
required for the Issuer to be able to duly make any payment or delivery in respect of the Notes of 
a Series and/or under the Swap Agreement in respect of that Series and/or under the Repo 
Agreement in respect of that Series and/or under the SL Agreement in respect of that Series 
and/or the other Transaction Documents which is due and payable or deliverable, (B) in 
connection with the purchase of Notes or (C) as otherwise provided for under the Conditions or 
the relevant Transaction Documents in respect of a Series. 
Additionally, the Secured Payment Obligations of the Issuer may be secured pursuant to a 
Security Document other than the Trust Deed as specified in the Issue Deed. 
(b) 
Issuer’s Rights as Beneficial Owner of Collateral 
Prior to the Trustee giving an Enforcement Notice to the Issuer, the Custodian, the Swap 
Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty, the SL Counterparty and any Disposal Agent appointed at 
that time, the Issuer may, subject to obtaining the sanction of an Extraordinary Resolution or the 
prior written consent of the Trustee: 
(i) 
take such action in relation to the Collateral as it may think expedient; and 
(ii) 
exercise any rights incidental to the ownership of the Collateral and, in particular (but 
without limitation and without responsibility for their exercise), any voting rights in respect of 
such property and all rights to enforce any ownership interests in respect of such property. 
The Issuer will not exercise any rights with respect to any Collateral unless it has obtained the 
sanction of an Extraordinary Resolution or the consent of the Trustee referred to above and, if 
such sanction or consent is given, the Issuer will act only in accordance with such sanction or

--- Page 132 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
132 
consent. For the avoidance of doubt (A) nothing in this Condition 5(b) shall operate to release the 
Security over the Mortgaged Property and (B) no such sanction or consent is required in 
connection with any assets which are released from the Security automatically. 
(c) 
Substitution of Original Collateral 
(i) 
If, for a Series, “Substitution of Original Collateral” is specified as “Applicable” in the 
applicable Accessory Conditions, Noteholders acting by an Extraordinary Resolution (the 
Noteholders who voted in favour of the Extraordinary Resolution, the “Instructing 
Noteholders”) may deliver a notice in writing (an “Original Collateral Substitution 
Notice”) requesting that the Original Collateral be substituted (in whole but not in part) with 
other assets specified in the Original Collateral Substitution Notice (such other assets, the 
“New Original Collateral”), which assets shall be delivered to the Custodian on behalf of 
the Issuer as specified in the Original Collateral Substitution Notice, provided that: 
(A) 
only one such request may be made for that Series; 
(B) 
the Original Collateral Substitution Notice must be delivered to the Issuer, the Swap 
Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty, the SL Counterparty, the Trustee and the 
Custodian at least 15 Reference Business Days prior to the proposed date for 
substitution; 
(C) 
the Custodian must be able to hold the New Original Collateral in the Custody 
Account in accordance with the terms of the Custody Agreement; 
(D) 
all of the Original Collateral Substitution Criteria must be satisfied; 
(E) 
all conditions relating to substitution of Original Collateral specified in the applicable 
Accessory Conditions must be satisfied; 
(F) 
Rating Agency Affirmation has been received from each Rating Agency (if any) then 
rating the outstanding Notes at the request of the Issuer;  
(G) 
no Early Redemption Trigger Date has occurred; and 
(H) 
the Issuer has delivered to the Swap Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty, the SL 
Counterparty, the Trustee and the Custodian a certificate signed by a Director to the 
effect that the conditions in paragraphs (A) to (G) are satisfied. 
For the avoidance of doubt, such replacement right applies only in respect of the Original 
Collateral for a Series and shall not apply in respect of any New Original Collateral 
replacing the Original Collateral. 
(ii) 
With effect from the date of the delivery of the New Original Collateral in accordance with 
the Original Collateral Substitution Notice from (or procured by) the Instructing Noteholders 
to the Custodian on behalf of the Issuer (unless the Notes are issued by way of Pricing 
Terms and such Pricing Terms specify otherwise), the payment obligations of the parties 
under the Swap Agreement, the Repo Agreement and the SL Agreement will be adjusted 
(subject to and in accordance with Condition 22(b) (Swap/Repo/Securities Lending 
Amendments)) so that the payment obligations of the Issuer reflect the substitution of the 
Original Collateral with the New Original Collateral and any Credit Support Annex shall be 
adjusted (subject to and in accordance with Condition 22(b) (Swap/Repo/Securities 
Lending Amendments)) such that references to the assets constituting the Original 
Collateral shall be replaced by reference to the assets constituting the New Original 
Collateral. In addition:

--- Page 133 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
133 
(A) 
on the date of delivery of the New Original Collateral where a Credit Support Annex 
is applicable to the Notes, an aggregate amount of the New Original Collateral 
having a Value (as defined in the Credit Support Annex) as close as practicable to 
the prevailing Value (as defined in the Credit Support Annex) of the Original 
Collateral forming part of the Issuer’s Credit Support Balance (VM) (and, in any 
event at least such Value of the Original Collateral) shall be transferred to the Swap 
Counterparty as Eligible Credit Support (VM) (as defined in such Credit Support 
Annex) and, upon such delivery, the Swap Counterparty shall transfer to or to the 
order of the Issuer an amount of the Original Collateral equal to that comprised in the 
Issuer’s Credit Support Balance (VM); 
(B) 
on the date of delivery of the New Original Collateral where a Repo Agreement is 
applicable to the Notes, the Issuer and the Repo Counterparty shall make such 
payments and deliveries as are necessary to enable the Issuer to hold the Original 
Collateral; and 
(C) 
on the date of delivery of the New Original Collateral where an SL Agreement is 
applicable to the Notes, the Issuer and the SL Counterparty shall make such 
payments and deliveries as are necessary to enable the Issuer to hold the Original 
Collateral. 
(iii) 
Subject to the conditions specified in paragraph (i) above having been satisfied and subject 
to the Custodian having confirmed to the Issuer that it has received (A) the New Original 
Collateral from (or procured by) the Instructing Noteholders and (B) the Original Collateral 
previously comprised in the Issuer’s Credit Support Balance (VM) pursuant to the Credit 
Support Annex, in each case on behalf of the Issuer, the Issuer shall deliver, assign or 
otherwise transfer the Original Collateral (or cause the same to be delivered, assigned or 
otherwise transferred) to or to the order of the Instructing Noteholders. The Security created 
over the Original Collateral as described in Condition 5(a) (Security) will automatically be 
released with effect from the date of delivery of the New Original Collateral without further 
action on the part of the Trustee. 
(iv) 
Where the Original Collateral is to be delivered, assigned or otherwise transferred to the 
Instructing Noteholders, each Instructing Noteholder shall be entitled to receive an 
Instructing Noteholder Proportion. If the principal amount (after rounding) of Original 
Collateral to be delivered to an Instructing Noteholder is not by the terms of the Original 
Collateral capable of being delivered, assigned or otherwise transferred, the principal 
amount of Original Collateral to be delivered to such Instructing Noteholder (an “Affected 
Instructing Noteholder”) shall be the Deliverable Original Collateral Amount. In such 
circumstances, the resultant shortfall below the amount that would have been delivered, 
assigned or transferred had it not been for such rounding shall be satisfied by the payment 
of a Deliverable Cash Amount in accordance with paragraph (v) below. 
(v) 
If the sum of the Deliverable Original Collateral Amounts relating to all Instructing 
Noteholders is less than the total principal amount of the Original Collateral as at the date 
of the Original Collateral Substitution Notice, a principal amount of the Original Collateral 
equal to such aggregate shortfall (the “Aggregate Undeliverable Original Collateral 
Amount”) shall be Liquidated in accordance with Condition 13 (Liquidation), provided that 
for such purpose the Liquidation Period shall be the period from and including the day on 
which the Disposal Agent is notified that the Issuer has received the Original Collateral 
Substitution Notice to and including the proposed date of substitution. The Issuer shall 
promptly notify the Disposal Agent that such Liquidation is required upon becoming aware 
that there is an Aggregate Undeliverable Original Collateral Amount. Notwithstanding

--- Page 134 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
134 
Condition 15 (Application of Available Proceeds), the proceeds of such Liquidation shall be 
applied towards payment to each Affected Instructing Noteholder of its Deliverable Cash 
Amount. 
(vi) 
In order to receive delivery of the relevant Deliverable Original Collateral Amount and 
payment of the relevant Deliverable Cash Amount, each Instructing Noteholder must 
deposit the relevant Note or the Certificate (if any) relating to such Note with any Paying 
Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar or any Transfer Agent (in the case of 
Registered Notes) at its Specified Office and must supply to the Issuer and the Custodian 
such evidence of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes held by such Instructing 
Noteholder as the Issuer may require. The following shall, without limitation, constitute 
evidence satisfactory to the Issuer: 
(A) 
if the Notes are Definitive Bearer Notes, confirmation that all unmatured Coupons 
and/or Receipts (if any) appertaining to such Note(s) have been deposited with the 
relevant Paying Agent (or an indemnity from each Instructing Noteholder in respect 
of any unmatured Coupons and/or Receipts (if any) not so surrendered as the Issuer 
may require); or 
(B) 
if the Notes are in global form held in a clearing system, a certificate or other 
document issued by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the principal 
amount of the Notes standing to the credit of the account of the person entitled to a 
portion thereof (a “Relevant Accountholder”) confirming that such Relevant 
Accountholder has undertaken to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg expressly 
for the benefit of the Issuer that it will not sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of its 
Notes (or any of them) or any interest therein at any time on or prior to the date of 
delivery of the Original Collateral, 
together with, in either case, confirmation from the Paying Agent, Registrar or Transfer 
Agent (as relevant) that the relevant Instructing Noteholder has deposited the relevant 
Notes (or in respect of Registered Notes, the Certificate(s) relating thereto) with it. 
A holder of Notes in definitive form, at the same time as depositing such Notes (or in 
respect of Registered Notes, the Certificate(s) relating thereto) together with all unmatured 
Coupons and/or Receipts (if any) appertaining thereto, with the Paying Agent, Registrar or 
Transfer Agent (as relevant), shall specify to the Paying Agent, Registrar or Transfer Agent 
(as relevant) its instructions concerning the delivery, assignment or other form of transfer to 
it, or any nominee for it, of the relevant Deliverable Original Collateral Amount and the 
payment of the Deliverable Cash Amount (if any) to which it is entitled and the Paying 
Agent, Registrar or Transfer Agent (as relevant) shall forthwith notify the Issuer, the 
Custodian, the Swap Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty and the SL Counterparty of 
such instructions. 
If the Notes are in global form and held in a clearing system, each Relevant Accountholder 
shall notify the Issuer, the Custodian, the Swap Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty and 
the SL Counterparty of its instructions concerning the delivery, assignment or other form of 
transfer to it, or any nominee for it, of the relevant Deliverable Original Collateral Amount 
and the payment of the Deliverable Cash Amount (if any) to which it is entitled, which 
instructions must be submitted to the Issuer, the Custodian, the Swap Counterparty, the 
Repo Counterparty and the SL Counterparty together with the certificate or other document 
to be provided by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in 
accordance with the preceding paragraphs of this paragraph (vi).

--- Page 135 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
135 
(vii) 
On receipt of such evidence by the Issuer and the Custodian and subject to each of the 
foregoing, the terms and conditions of the Original Collateral and to all applicable laws, 
regulations and directives, the Deliverable Original Collateral Amount shall be delivered, 
assigned or transferred to an account with Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, in 
accordance with the instructions given by the Instructing Noteholders. Any stamp duty or 
other tax payable in respect of the transfer of such Original Collateral shall be the 
responsibility of, and payable by, the relevant transferee. If an Aggregate Undeliverable 
Original Collateral Amount exists, the relevant Deliverable Cash Amount(s) shall be paid on 
the date falling two Reference Business Days after receipt of the aggregate proceeds of 
such Liquidation by the Disposal Agent to an account with Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as may be specified by the Instructing Noteholders. 
(viii) 
With respect to a Series for which a substitution has been effected in accordance with this 
Condition 5(c), with effect from the relevant substitution date, (A) references to “Original 
Collateral” shall be read and construed as including the “New Original Collateral” and (B) 
the New Original Collateral will be subject to the Security created pursuant to the Trust 
Deed in favour of the Trustee for the benefit of all Noteholders (including Instructing 
Noteholders and non-Instructing Noteholders) in respect of such Series. 
(d) 
Disposal Agent’s Right Following Liquidation Event 
Notwithstanding Conditions 5(a) (Security) and 5(b) (Issuer’s Rights as Beneficial Owner of 
Collateral), following a Liquidation Commencement Notice having been given to the Disposal 
Agent (copied to each of the other Transaction Parties), the Disposal Agent on behalf of the Issuer 
(or on a principal-to-principal basis with the Issuer, as contemplated in Condition 13(b) 
(Liquidation Process)) shall undertake any action as contemplated by the Conditions and the 
Agency Agreement as it considers appropriate, and any actions in furtherance thereof or ancillary 
thereto as they relate to the relevant Mortgaged Property, without requiring any sanction referred 
to therein. Pursuant to the terms of the Trust Deed, upon a Liquidation Commencement Notice 
having been given to the Disposal Agent (copied to each of the other Transaction Parties), the 
Security described in Condition 5(a) (Security) will automatically be released without further action 
on the part of the Trustee to the extent necessary to effect the Liquidation of the Collateral, 
provided that nothing in this Condition 5(d) will operate to release the charges and other security 
interests over the proceeds of the Liquidation of the Collateral or over any Mortgaged Property not 
subject to such Liquidation. 
(e) 
Credit Support Annex 
If, in respect of a Series, “Credit Support Annex” is specified as “Applicable” in the applicable 
Accessory Conditions then the Issuer will enter into a Credit Support Annex under the Swap 
Agreement relating to such Series.  
Pursuant to the Credit Support Annex: 
(i) 
if “Applicable - Payable by Issuer” is specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions, the 
Issuer shall, if required in accordance with the terms of the Credit Support Annex, transfer 
from time to time some or all of the Collateral to the Swap Counterparty; 
(ii) 
if “Applicable - Payable by Swap Counterparty” is specified in the applicable Accessory 
Conditions, the Swap Counterparty shall, if required in accordance with the terms of the 
Credit Support Annex, transfer from time to time collateral (which satisfies the eligibility 
requirements in the Credit Support Annex) to the Issuer; and 
(iii) 
if “Applicable - Payable by Issuer and Swap Counterparty” is specified in the applicable 
Accessory Conditions, the Issuer shall, if required in accordance with the terms of the

--- Page 136 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
136 
Credit Support Annex, transfer from time to time some or all of the Collateral to the Swap 
Counterparty and the Swap Counterparty shall also, if required in accordance with the 
terms of the Credit Support Annex, transfer from time to time collateral (which satisfies the 
eligibility requirements in the Credit Support Annex) to the Issuer.  
Collateral transferred by the Issuer pursuant to the Credit Support Annex will be deemed to be 
released by the Trustee from the Security described in Condition 5(a) (Security) immediately prior 
to the delivery or transfer of such Collateral by or on behalf of the Issuer to the Swap 
Counterparty. 
(f) 
Repo Agreement 
If, in respect of a Series, “Repo” is specified as “Applicable” in the applicable Accessory 
Conditions then the Issuer will enter into a Repo Transaction under the GMRA Master Agreement 
relating to such Series.  
Pursuant to the Repo Agreement: 
(i) 
if “Applicable – Reverse Repo” is specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions, the 
Issuer shall purchase securities (for the purpose of this Condition 5(f)(i), the “Repo 
Purchased Securities”) from the Repo Counterparty (which shall constitute Repo Posted 
Collateral) on or around the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Series and agrees to sell 
securities equivalent to the Repo Purchased Securities to the Repo Counterparty on or 
around the Maturity Date; or  
(ii) 
if “Applicable – Repo and Reverse Repo” is specified in the applicable Accessory 
Conditions, (A) the Issuer shall sell the Original Collateral to the Repo Counterparty on or 
around the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Series and agrees to purchase securities 
equivalent to the Original Collateral from the Repo Counterparty on or prior to the Maturity 
Date, (B) the Issuer shall purchase securities (for the purpose of this Condition 5(f)(ii), the 
“Repo Purchased Securities”) from the Repo Counterparty (which shall constitute Repo 
Posted Collateral) on or around the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Series and agrees 
to sell securities equivalent to the Repo Purchased Securities to the Repo Counterparty on 
or prior to the Maturity Date and (C) the Repo Counterparty’s obligation to pay the purchase 
price for the Original Collateral and the Issuer’s obligation to pay the purchase price for the 
Repo Purchased Securities on or around the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Series 
shall be netted against each other and the obligations to pay the purchase price for each 
set of equivalent securities on or prior to the Maturity Date shall be netted against each 
other. 
Collateral transferred by the Issuer pursuant to the Repo Agreement will be deemed to be 
released by the Trustee from the Security described in Condition 5(a) (Security) immediately prior 
to the delivery or transfer of such Collateral by or on behalf of the Issuer to the Repo 
Counterparty. 
(g) 
SL Agreement 
If, in respect of a Series, “SL Agreement” is specified as “Applicable” in the applicable Accessory 
Conditions then the Issuer will enter into an SL Transaction under the GMSLA Master Agreement 
relating to such Series. 
Collateral transferred by the Issuer pursuant to the SL Agreement will be deemed to be released 
by the Trustee from the Security described in Condition 5(a) (Security) immediately prior to the 
delivery or transfer of such Collateral by or on behalf of the Issuer to the SL Counterparty.

--- Page 137 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
137 
6 
Restrictions 
So long as any Note is outstanding, the Issuer shall not, without the prior consent in writing of the 
Trustee or the sanction of an Extraordinary Resolution and (in either case with respect to paragraph (o)) 
a Rating Agency Affirmation from each Rating Agency then rating the outstanding Notes at the request of 
the Issuer, but subject to the provisions of Condition 13 (Liquidation) and except as provided for or 
contemplated in the Conditions, the Trust Deed, any other Security Document or any other Transaction 
Document and within the limits of the Securitisation Act 2004: 
(a) 
engage in any business other than the issuance or entry into of Obligations, the entry into of 
related agreements and transactions, the acquisition and holding of related assets and the 
performing of acts incidental thereto or necessary in connection therewith, and provided that: 
(i) 
such Obligations are secured on assets of the Issuer other than any fees paid to the Issuer 
(for its own account) in connection with the Notes or other Obligations and any assets 
securing any other Obligations (other than Equivalent Obligations); 
(ii) 
such Obligations and any related agreements (A) contain provisions that limit the recourse 
of any holder of, or counterparty to, such Obligations and of any party to any related 
agreement to assets other than those to which any other Obligations (other than Equivalent 
Obligations) have recourse and (B) contain provisions preventing any persons from 
instituting any form of insolvency or similar proceedings with respect to the Issuer or any of 
its directors; 
(iii) 
the terms of such Obligations comply with all applicable laws; and 
(iv) 
the terms of such Obligations and any underlying assets relating to such Obligations 
comply with (A) paragraph 2 (Additional Restrictions) of the Product Criteria and (y) the 
Collateral Criteria in each case in effect at the time such Obligations are entered into, for 
this purpose assuming that references in the Product Criteria and Collateral Criteria to: 
(A) 
“Custodian” were references to the custodian appointed in respect of the 
Obligations; 
(B) 
“Dealer” were references to the arranger of the Obligations; 
(C) 
“Dealer/Investor Trade Date” were references to the date on which the arranger of 
the Obligations agrees with a potential investor that, subject to obtaining the consent 
of SPIRE, such investor will purchase the relevant tranche of the Obligations from 
the arranger; 
(D) 
“Issue Date” were references to the issue date of the Obligations; 
(E) 
“Noteholders” were references to holders of the Obligations; 
(F) 
“Notes” were references to the Obligations; 
(G) 
“Series” were references to the relevant series of Obligations; and 
(H) 
“Tranche” were references to the relevant tranche of the series of Obligations; 
(b) 
sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of any of the Mortgaged Property or any right or interest therein 
or create any mortgage, charge or other security or right of recourse in respect thereof; 
(c) 
cause or permit the priority of the Security created by the Trust Deed or any other Security 
Document to be amended, terminated or discharged; 
(d) 
have any subsidiaries;

--- Page 138 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
138 
(e) 
(i) consent to, cause or permit any amendment or termination of (for the avoidance of doubt, 
subject to Conditions 9(c) (Occurrence of a Reference Rate Event), 9(i) (Occurrence of an Original 
Collateral Disruption Event), 12(d) (FATCA Amendments), 22(b) (Swap/Repo/Securities Lending 
Amendments) and 22(c) (Regulatory Requirement Amendments) and clauses 4.5 (FATCA 
Amendments), 7.1.31 (Termination of the Swap Agreement), 7.1.32 (Termination of the Repo 
Agreement), 7.1.33 (Termination of the SL Agreement), 13.2 (Appointment or Replacement 
Amendments), 13.3 (Swap/Repo/Securities Lending Amendments), 13.4 (Regulatory Requirement 
Amendments), 13.7 (Amendments following occurrence of a Reference Rate Event) and 13.8 
(Amendments following occurrence of an Original Collateral Disruption Event) of the Trust Deed) 
the Trust Deed, the Swap Agreement, the Repo Agreement, the SL Agreement, the Conditions, 
any other Security Document or any other Transaction Document, provided that, where a waiver 
by the Swap Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty or the SL Counterparty would constitute an 
amendment, each of the Swap Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty and the SL Counterparty 
may waive its rights under the Swap Agreement, the Repo Agreement and the SL Agreement (as 
applicable) (whether to receipt of payments or otherwise and whether by way of variation or 
forbearance) and no consent of the Trustee shall be required, or (ii) exercise any powers of 
consent, release or waiver pursuant to the terms of the Trust Deed, the Swap Agreement, the 
Repo Agreement, the SL Agreement, the Conditions, any other Security Document or any other 
Transaction Document; 
(f) 
consolidate or merge with any other person or convey or transfer its properties or assets 
substantially as an entirety to any person; 
(g) 
have any employees; 
(h) 
issue any shares (other than such shares as are in issue at the date hereof and such shares as 
may be issued in accordance with the Securitisation Act 2004); 
(i) 
open or have any interest in any account with a bank or financial institution unless (A) such 
account relates to the issuance or entry into of Obligations and such Obligations have the benefit 
of security over the Issuer’s interest in such account or (B) such account is opened in connection 
with the administration and management of SPIRE or the Issuer and only moneys necessary for 
that purpose are credited to it (which, for the avoidance of doubt, includes (I) each cash account 
used solely for the purpose of holding amounts that are to be used in paying costs of, or incurred 
by or on behalf of, SPIRE with respect to the Programme generally (and not solely with respect to 
a particular Series), (II) any central expenses account opened in respect of a Programme Dealer 
(and, where relevant, Affiliates thereof) and (III) the account opened to hold the issued and paid-
up share capital of SPIRE); 
(j) 
declare any distributions or dividends (other than in relation to such shares as are in issue at the 
date hereof and such shares as may be issued in accordance with the Securitisation Act 2004); 
(k) 
purchase, own, lease or otherwise acquire any real property (including office premises or like 
facilities); 
(l) 
guarantee, act as surety for or become obligated for the debts of any other entity or person or 
enter into any agreement with any other entity or person whereby it agrees to satisfy the 
obligations of such entity or person or any other entity or person; 
(m) 
acquire any securities or shareholdings whatsoever from its shareholders or enter into any 
agreements whereby it would be acquiring the obligations and/or liabilities of its shareholders; 
(n) 
except as is required in connection with the issuance or entry into of Obligations, advance or lend 
any of its moneys or assets, including, but not limited to, the Mortgaged Property, to any other 
entity or person; or

--- Page 139 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
139 
(o) 
approve, sanction or propose any amendment to its constitutional documents other than where 
such amendment is required by applicable law. 
7 
Interest 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its aggregate principal amount from the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of 
Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of 
interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 7(g) (Interest Payable). 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its aggregate principal amount from the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate 
of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The 
amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 7(g) (Interest 
Payable).  
(ii) 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes for each Interest Period shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with either:  
(A) 
Condition 7(b)(iii) (ISDA Rate: 2006 ISDA Definitions), if “ISDA Rate: 2006 ISDA 
Definitions” is specified as the “Manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are 
determined” in the applicable Accessory Conditions; or  
(B) 
Condition 7(b)(iv) (ISDA Rate: 2021 ISDA Definitions), if “ISDA Rate: 2021 ISDA 
Definitions” is specified as the “Manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are 
determined” in the applicable Accessory Conditions,  
unless the Notes are issued by way of Pricing Terms specifying a different basis of 
determination, in which case the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period shall be 
determined in the manner specified in the applicable Pricing Terms. 
(iii) 
ISDA Rate: 2006 ISDA Definitions 
Where “ISDA Rate: 2006 ISDA Definitions” is specified as the “Manner in which the Rate(s) 
of Interest is/are determined” in the applicable Accessory Conditions, the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Period will be a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate, subject as provided 
in Condition 7(f) (Margin). 
For the purposes of this Condition 7(b)(iii), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Period means a rate 
equal to the “Floating Rate” that would be determined by the Calculation Agent in respect of 
an equivalent period under a Swap Transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(A) 
the “Floating Rate Option” is as specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions, 
provided that:  
(x) 
if such rate is an “Overnight Floating Rate Option”, the provisions set out in 
Condition 7(b)(iii)(I) (Provisions relating to Overnight Floating Rate Options) 
below may also apply; and  
(y) 
if such rate is an “Index Floating Rate Option”, the provisions set out in 
Condition 7(b)(iii)(II) (Provisions relating to Index Floating Rate Options) 
below may also apply;

--- Page 140 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
140 
(B) 
the “Designated Maturity” (if required) is a period specified in the applicable 
Accessory Conditions, provided that there shall be no Designated Maturity if the 
Floating Rate Option specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions is an 
Overnight Floating Rate Option; 
(C) 
the relevant “Reset Date” is as specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions; 
(D) 
“Average Rate Fixing Day” shall be not applicable, unless the relevant Floating Rate 
Option specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions is a Published Average Rate 
in which case it shall be as specified in such Accessory Conditions;  
(E) 
“Delayed Payment” shall be applicable if specified as such in the applicable 
Accessory Conditions; and 
(F) 
Section 8.3 (Linear Interpolation) of the 2006 ISDA Definitions shall only apply if a 
Designated Maturity is specified and “Linear Interpolation” is specified as “Applicable 
- 2006 ISDA Definitions”, in each case in the applicable Accessory Conditions, 
provided that Section 8.3 (Linear Interpolation) shall not apply if the Floating Rate 
Option specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions is an Overnight Floating 
Rate Option. 
For the purposes of determining the relevant ISDA Rate for a Reset Date, if an applicable 
rate has not been published on the relevant screen page (or any successor thereto) and:  
- 
a Reference Rate Event has not occurred, then (1) the Calculation Agent will apply 
the provisions of the 2006 ISDA Definitions relating to the Floating Rate Option to 
determine the “Floating Rate” and (2) if the Calculation Agent is unable to determine 
a rate pursuant to such provisions, it shall determine the ISDA Rate for such Reset 
Date acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner; or 
- 
a Reference Rate Event has occurred, the provisions of Conditions 9(c) (Occurrence 
of a Reference Rate Event) and 9(d) (Specific Provisions for Certain Reference 
Rates) shall apply.  
For the purposes of this Condition 7(b)(iii), unless otherwise specified in the Conditions, all 
capitalised terms used for the purpose of determining the relevant ISDA Rate shall have 
the meanings given to those terms in the 2006 ISDA Definitions. 
(I) 
Provisions relating to Overnight Floating Rate Options 
If in the applicable Accessory Conditions (A) the Floating Rate Option is specified to 
be 
an 
Overnight 
Floating 
Rate 
Option 
and 
(B) 
an 
Overnight 
Rate 
Compounding/Averaging Method is specified as applicable, then the rate for a Reset 
Date will be determined using the applicable Overnight Floating Rate Option in 
accordance with such Overnight Rate Compounding/Averaging Method (which shall 
be one of the Overnight Rate Compounding Methods or the Overnight Rate 
Averaging Methods listed below, as specified in the applicable Accessory 
Conditions). 
(1) 
Overnight Rate Compounding Method 
Where “Overnight Rate Compounding Method” is specified as the applicable 
Overnight Rate Compounding/Averaging Method, one of the following options 
will be elected in the applicable Accessory Conditions as the applicable 
Overnight Rate Compounding Method: 
(w) 
“OIS Compounding”;

--- Page 141 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
141 
(x) 
“Compounding with Lookback” (for which purpose, Lookback is the 
number of Applicable Business Days specified in the applicable 
Accessory Conditions); 
(y) 
“Compounding with Observation Period Shift” (for which purpose, (i) 
Set-in-Advance is applicable if specified as such in the applicable 
Accessory Conditions, (ii) Observation Period Shift is the number of 
Observation Period Shift Business Days specified in the applicable 
Accessory Conditions and (iii) Observation Period Shift Additional 
Business Days are the days, if any, specified in the applicable 
Accessory Conditions); or 
(z) 
“Compounding with Lockout” (for which purpose, (i) Lockout is the 
number of Lockout Period Business Days specified in the applicable 
Accessory Conditions and (ii) Lockout Period Business Days are the 
days specified as such in the applicable Accessory Conditions). 
For the purposes of each Overnight Rate Compounding Method: 
- 
if a “Daily Capped Rate” and/or a “Daily Floored Rate” is specified in 
the applicable Accessory Conditions, then the rate(s) so specified shall 
apply as such; and 
- 
the relevant “Day Count Basis” shall be as specified in the applicable 
Accessory Conditions. 
(2) 
Overnight Rate Averaging Method 
Where “Overnight Rate Averaging Method” is specified as the applicable 
Overnight Rate Compounding/Averaging Method, one of the following options 
will be elected in the applicable Accessory Conditions as the applicable 
Overnight Rate Averaging Method: 
(w) 
“Overnight Averaging”; 
(x) 
“Averaging with Lookback” (for which purpose, Lookback is the number 
of Applicable Business Days specified in the applicable Accessory 
Conditions); 
(y) 
“Averaging with Observation Period Shift” (for which purpose, (i) Set-in-
Advance is applicable if specified as such in the applicable Accessory 
Conditions, (ii) Observation Period Shift is the number of Observation 
Period Shift Business Days specified in the applicable Accessory 
Conditions and (iii) Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days 
are the days, if any, specified as such in the applicable Accessory 
Conditions); or 
(z) 
“Averaging with Lockout” (for which purpose, (i) Lockout is the number 
of Lockout Period Business Days specified in the applicable Accessory 
Conditions and (ii) Lockout Period Business Days are the days 
specified as such in the applicable Accessory Conditions). 
For the purposes of each Overnight Rate Averaging Method, if a “Daily 
Capped Rate” and/or a “Daily Floored Rate” is specified in the applicable 
Accessory Conditions, then the rate(s) so specified shall apply as such. 
(II) 
Provisions relating to Index Floating Rate Options

--- Page 142 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
142 
If in the applicable Accessory Conditions (A) the Floating Rate Option is specified to 
be an Index Floating Rate Option and (B) an “Index Method” is specified as 
applicable, then the rate for a Reset Date will be determined using the applicable 
Index Floating Rate Option in accordance with such Index Method, being one of the 
following methods listed below: 
(1) 
“Compounded Index Method”;  
(2) 
“Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift” (for which 
purpose (i) Set-in-Advance is applicable if specified as such in the applicable 
Accessory Conditions, (ii) Observation Period Shift is the number of 
Observation Period Shift Business Days specified in the applicable Accessory 
Conditions and (iii) Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days are the 
days, if any, specified as such in the applicable Accessory Conditions); or 
(3) 
“All-In Compounded Index Method” (for which purpose each of “Index 
LevelSTART” and “Index LevelEND” are the levels specified in the applicable 
Accessory Conditions). 
For the purposes of each Index Method, the relevant “Day Count Basis” shall be as 
specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions. 
(III) 
References in the 2006 ISDA Definitions 
In connection with any Overnight Rate Compounding/Averaging Method or Index 
Method specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions for the purposes of “ISDA 
Rate: 2006 ISDA Definitions”, references in the 2006 ISDA Definitions to: 
(1) 
numbers, financial centres or other items “specified in the Confirmation” shall 
be deemed to be references to the numbers, financial centres or other items 
specified for such purpose in the applicable Accessory Conditions; 
(2) 
“Business Day in the financial centres, if any, specified for such purpose in 
the Confirmation” shall be deemed to be references to a day that is a 
Reference Business Day; 
(3) 
“Calculation Period” shall be deemed to be references to the relevant Interest 
Period; 
(4) 
“Confirmation” shall be deemed to be references to the applicable Accessory 
Conditions; 
(5) 
“Effective Date” shall be deemed to be references to the Interest 
Commencement Date; 
(6) 
“Floating Rate Day Count Fraction” shall be deemed to be references to Day 
Count Fraction; 
(7) 
“Payment Date” shall be deemed to be references to the relevant Interest 
Payment Date; 
(8) 
“Period End Date” shall be deemed to be references to the relevant Interest 
Period End Date; and 
(9) 
“Termination Date” shall be deemed to be references to the final Interest 
Period End Date.  
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the 2006 ISDA Definitions:

--- Page 143 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
143 
(x) 
any requirement under the 2006 ISDA Definitions for the Calculation Agent 
(under the 2006 ISDA Definitions) (A) to give notice of a determination made 
by it to any other party or (B) to consult with the other party or the parties, will, 
in each case, be ignored. In addition, the right of any party under the 2006 
ISDA Definitions to require the Calculation Agent (under the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions) to take any action or fulfil any responsibility will be deemed to be 
solely the right of the Issuer to require this of the Calculation Agent in its 
discretion and no Noteholder will have any right to require the Issuer to do this 
or to direct the Calculation Agent in this regard; 
(y) 
where the 2006 ISDA Definitions require agreement between the parties to 
the relevant transaction, the parties will be deemed to have been unable to 
reach agreement and the fallback applicable in such circumstances will be 
deemed to apply; and 
(z) 
in the event that the Calculation Agent determines that any Fixing Day or 
other day on which an ISDA Rate is determined under the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions is less than two Reference Business Days prior to an Interest 
Payment Date (having, for the avoidance of doubt, accounted for the 
application of any delay to such Interest Payment Date where “Delayed 
Payment” applies), it may determine that such Interest Payment Date be 
delayed to a date falling not more than two Reference Business Days after 
the relevant Fixing Day or other day on which such ISDA Rate is determined, 
provided that Noteholders shall not be entitled to any further interest or other 
payment in respect of such delay. 
If any adjustment, fallback, modification, correction or replacement of a relevant rate 
applies pursuant to the 2006 ISDA Definitions or the interest rate swap transaction 
thereunder then, in relation thereto, the Calculation Agent may but shall not be 
required to:  
- 
if it would not otherwise apply in relation to the determination of the ISDA 
Rate in accordance with the above provisions, take into account any such 
adjustment, fallback, modification, correction or replacement (including by 
reference to any hedging arrangements for the Notes, Swap Transaction(s), 
Repo Transaction(s) and/or SL Transaction(s)) in determining the relevant 
ISDA Rate; and  
- 
make any related or consequential changes to the Conditions, Swap 
Agreement, Repo Agreement and/or SL Agreement not otherwise provided 
for in this Condition 7(b)(iii) (including, without limitation, any technical, 
administrative or operational changes, changes to the definition of Interest 
Period, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of 
interest and changes to the definition of Designated Maturity (where 
applicable)) that it determines to be appropriate in a manner substantially 
consistent with market practice (or, if it decides that the adoption of any 
portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if it 
determines that no appropriate market practice exists, in such other manner 
as it determines is reasonably necessary). 
(iv) 
ISDA Rate: 2021 ISDA Definitions 
Where “ISDA Rate: 2021 ISDA Definitions” is specified as the “Manner in which the Rate(s) 
of Interest is/are determined” in the applicable Accessory Conditions, the Rate of Interest

--- Page 144 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
144 
for each Interest Period will be a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate, subject as provided 
in Condition 7(f) (Margin). 
For the purposes of this Condition 7(b)(iv), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Period means a rate 
equal to the “Floating Rate” that would be determined by the Calculation Agent in respect of 
an equivalent period under a Swap Transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating the 2021 ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(A) 
the “Floating Rate Option” is as specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions, 
provided that:  
(x) 
if such rate is an “Overnight Floating Rate Option”, the provisions set out in 
Condition 7(b)(iv)(I) (Provisions relating to Overnight Floating Rate Options) 
below may also apply; and  
(y) 
if such rate is an “Index Floating Rate Option”, the provisions set out in 
Condition 7(b)(iv)(II) (Provisions relating to Index Floating Rate Options) 
below may also apply; 
(B) 
the “Designated Maturity” (if required) is a period specified in the applicable 
Accessory Conditions, provided that there shall be no Designated Maturity if the 
Floating Rate Option specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions is an 
Overnight Floating Rate Option; 
(C) 
the relevant “Reset Date” is as specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions; 
(D) 
the “Fixing Day” is as specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions; 
(E) 
the “Fixing Time” is as specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions; 
(F) 
“Delayed Payment” shall be applicable if specified as such in the applicable 
Accessory Conditions; 
(G) 
“Successor Benchmark” and “Successor Benchmark Effective Date” will be as 
specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions; and 
(H) 
Section 6.10 (Linear Interpolation) of the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall only apply if a 
Designated Maturity is specified and “Linear Interpolation” is specified as “Applicable 
- 2021 ISDA Definitions”, in each case in the applicable Accessory Conditions, and 
for which purpose “Non-Representative” will apply if specified as applicable in the 
applicable Accessory Conditions, provided that Section 6.10 (Linear Interpolation) 
shall not apply if the Floating Rate Option specified in the applicable Accessory 
Conditions is an Overnight Floating Rate Option. 
For the purposes of determining the relevant ISDA Rate for a Reset Date, if an applicable 
rate has not been published on the relevant screen page (or any successor thereto) and:  
- 
a Reference Rate Event has not occurred, then (1) the Calculation Agent will apply 
the provisions of the 2021 ISDA Definitions relating to the Floating Rate Option to 
determine the “Floating Rate” and (2) if the Calculation Agent is unable to determine 
a rate pursuant to such provisions, it shall determine the ISDA Rate for such Reset 
Date acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner; or 
- 
a Reference Rate Event has occurred, the provisions of Conditions 9(c) (Occurrence 
of a Reference Rate Event) and 9(d) (Specific Provisions for Certain Reference 
Rates) shall apply.

--- Page 145 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
145 
For the purposes of this Condition 7(b)(iv), unless otherwise specified in the Conditions, all 
capitalised terms used for the purpose of determining the relevant ISDA Rate shall have 
the meanings given to those terms in the 2021 ISDA Definitions. 
(I) 
Provisions relating to Overnight Floating Rate Options 
If in the applicable Accessory Conditions (A) the Floating Rate Option is specified to 
be 
an 
Overnight 
Floating 
Rate 
Option 
and 
(B) 
an 
Overnight 
Rate 
Compounding/Averaging Method is specified as applicable, then the rate for a Reset 
Date will be determined using the applicable Overnight Floating Rate Option in 
accordance with such Overnight Rate Compounding/Averaging Method (which shall 
be one of the Overnight Rate Compounding Methods or the Overnight Rate 
Averaging Methods listed below, as specified in the applicable Accessory 
Conditions). 
(1) 
Overnight Rate Compounding Method 
Where “Overnight Rate Compounding Method” is specified as the applicable 
Overnight Rate Compounding/Averaging Method, one of the following options 
will be elected in the applicable Accessory Conditions as the applicable 
Overnight Rate Compounding Method: 
(v) 
“OIS Compounding”; 
(w) 
“Compounding with Lookback” (for which purpose, Lookback is the 
number of Applicable Business Days specified in the applicable 
Accessory Conditions); 
(x) 
“Compounding with Observation Period Shift” (for which purpose, (i) 
Set-in-Advance is applicable if specified as such in the applicable 
Accessory Conditions, (ii) Observation Period Shift is the number of 
Observation Period Shift Business Days specified in the applicable 
Accessory Conditions and (iii) Observation Period Shift Additional 
Business Days are the days, if any, specified in the applicable 
Accessory Conditions); 
(y) 
“Compounding with Lockout” (for which purpose, (i) Lockout is the 
number of Lockout Period Business Days specified in the applicable 
Accessory Conditions and (ii) Lockout Period Business Days are the 
days specified as such in the applicable Accessory Conditions); or 
(z) 
any other compounding method specified in the applicable Accessory 
Conditions. 
For the purposes of each Overnight Rate Compounding Method: 
- 
if a “Daily Capped Rate” and/or a “Daily Floored Rate” is specified in 
the applicable Accessory Conditions, then the rate(s) so specified shall 
apply as such; and 
- 
the relevant “Day Count Basis” shall be as specified in the applicable 
Accessory Conditions. 
(2) 
Overnight Rate Averaging Method 
Where “Overnight Rate Averaging Method” is specified as the applicable 
Overnight Rate Compounding/Averaging Method, one of the following options

--- Page 146 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
146 
will be elected in the applicable Accessory Conditions as the applicable 
Overnight Rate Averaging Method: 
(v) 
“Overnight Averaging”; 
(w) 
“Averaging with Lookback” (for which purpose, Lookback is the number 
of Applicable Business Days specified in the applicable Accessory 
Conditions); 
(x) 
“Averaging with Observation Period Shift” (for which purpose, (i) Set-in-
Advance is applicable if specified as such in the applicable Accessory 
Conditions, (ii) Observation Period Shift is the number of Observation 
Period Shift Business Days specified in the applicable Accessory 
Conditions and (iii) Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days 
are the days, if any, specified as such in the applicable Accessory 
Conditions); 
(y) 
“Averaging with Lockout” (for which purpose, (i) Lockout is the number 
of Lockout Period Business Days specified in the applicable Accessory 
Conditions and (ii) Lockout Period Business Days are the days 
specified as such in the applicable Accessory Conditions); or 
(z) 
any other averaging method specified in the applicable Accessory 
Conditions. 
For the purposes of each Overnight Rate Averaging Method, if a “Daily 
Capped Rate” and/or a “Daily Floored Rate” is specified in the applicable 
Accessory Conditions, then the rate(s) so specified shall apply as such. 
(II) 
Provisions relating to Index Floating Rate Options 
If in the applicable Accessory Conditions (A) the Floating Rate Option is specified to 
be an Index Floating Rate Option and (B) an Index Method is specified as 
applicable. then the rate for a Reset Date will be determined using the applicable 
Index Floating Rate Option in accordance with such Index Method, being one of the 
following methods listed below: 
(1) 
“Standard Index Method”; 
(2) 
“All-In Compounded Index Method”; 
(3) 
“Compounded Index Method”; 
(4) 
“Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift” (for which 
purpose (i) Set-in-Advance is applicable if specified as such in the applicable 
Accessory Conditions, (ii) Observation Period Shift is the number of 
Observation Period Shift Business Days specified in the applicable Accessory 
Conditions and (iii) Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days are the 
days, if any, specified as such in the applicable Accessory Conditions); or 
(5) 
any other method specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions, 
provided that in respect of any Index Floating Rate Option that is specified as the 
Floating Rate Option in the applicable Accessory Conditions and included in the 
Floating Rate Matrix Publication Version of the Floating Rate Matrix for which “Style: 
Compounded Index” is specified, unless otherwise specified in the applicable 
Accessory Conditions, the Index Method will be Compounded Index Method.

--- Page 147 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
147 
For the purposes of each Index Method, the relevant “Day Count Basis” shall be as 
specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions. 
(III) 
References in the 2021 ISDA Definitions 
In connection with any Overnight Rate Compounding/Averaging Method or Index 
Method specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions for the purposes of “ISDA 
Rate: 2021 ISDA Definitions”, references in the 2021 ISDA Definitions to: 
(1) 
numbers, financial centres or other items “specified in the Confirmation” shall 
be deemed to be references to the numbers, financial centres or other items 
specified for such purpose in the applicable Accessory Conditions; 
(2) 
“Business Day in the financial centres, if any, specified for such purpose in 
the Confirmation” shall be deemed to be references to a day that is a 
Reference Business Day; 
(3) 
“Calculation Period” shall be deemed to be references to the relevant Interest 
Period; 
(4) 
“Confirmation” shall be deemed to be references to the applicable Accessory 
Conditions; 
(5) 
“Effective Date” shall be deemed to be references to the Interest 
Commencement Date; 
(6) 
“Floating Rate Day Count Fraction” shall be deemed to be references to Day 
Count Fraction; 
(7) 
“Payment Date” shall be deemed to be references to the relevant Interest 
Payment Date; 
(8) 
“Period End Date” shall be deemed to be references to the relevant Interest 
Period End Date; and 
(9) 
“Termination Date” shall be deemed to be references to the final Interest 
Period End Date.  
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the 2021 ISDA Definitions: 
(w) 
any requirement under the 2021 ISDA Definitions for the Calculation Agent 
(under the 2021 ISDA Definitions) (A) to give notice of a determination made 
by it to any other party or (B) to consult with the other party or the parties, will, 
in each case, be ignored. In addition, the right of any party under the 2021 
ISDA Definitions to require the Calculation Agent (under the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions) to take any action or fulfil any responsibility will be deemed to be 
solely the right of the Issuer to require this of the Calculation Agent in its 
discretion and no Noteholder will have any right to require the Issuer to do this 
or to direct the Calculation Agent in this regard; 
(x) 
where the 2021 ISDA Definitions require agreement between the parties to 
the relevant transaction, the parties will be deemed to have been unable to 
reach agreement and the fallback applicable in such circumstances will be 
deemed to apply; 
(y) 
in the event that the Calculation Agent determines that any Fixing Day or 
other day on which an ISDA Rate is determined under the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions is less than two Reference Business Days prior to an Interest

--- Page 148 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
148 
Payment Date (having, for the avoidance of doubt, accounted for the 
application of any delay to such Interest Payment Date where “Delayed 
Payment” applies), it may determine that such date for payment be delayed to 
a date falling not more than two Reference Business Days after the relevant 
Fixing Day or other day on which such ISDA Rate is determined, provided 
that Noteholders shall not be entitled to any further interest or other payment 
in respect of such delay; and 
(z) 
in the event that the Correction Time Period (as defined in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions) applicable to an ISDA Rate ends later than two Reference 
Business Days prior to an Interest Payment Date, any corrections published 
after the second Reference Business Day prior to such Interest Payment Date 
shall be disregarded for the purposes of determining the relevant ISDA Rate. 
If any adjustment, fallback, modification, correction or replacement of a relevant rate 
applies pursuant to the 2021 ISDA Definitions or the interest rate swap transaction 
thereunder then, in relation thereto, the Calculation Agent may but shall not be 
required to:  
- 
if it would not otherwise apply in relation to the determination of the ISDA 
Rate in accordance with the above provisions, take into account any such 
adjustment, fallback, modification, correction or replacement (including by 
reference to any hedging arrangements for the Notes, Swap Transaction(s), 
Repo Transaction(s) and/or SL Transaction(s)) in determining the relevant 
ISDA Rate; and  
- 
make any related or consequential changes to the Conditions, Swap 
Agreement, Repo Agreement and/or SL Agreement not otherwise provided 
for in this Condition 7(b)(iv) (including, without limitation, any technical, 
administrative or operational changes, changes to the definition of Interest 
Period, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of 
interest and changes to the definition of Designated Maturity (where 
applicable)) that it determines to be appropriate in a manner substantially 
consistent with market practice (or, if it decides that the adoption of any 
portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if it 
determines that no appropriate market practice exists, in such other manner 
as it determines is reasonably necessary). 
(v) 
If “Linear Interpolation” is specified as: 
(A) 
“Applicable - Standard” in the applicable Accessory Conditions, then the Calculation 
Agent will determine, based on Standard Linear Interpolation, the Rate of Interest for 
any specified Interest Period (or if no Interest Period is specified, each Interest 
Period not equal to the Designated Maturity (as specified in the applicable Accessory 
Conditions)); 
(B) 
“Applicable - 2006 ISDA Definitions” in the applicable Accessory Conditions, then the 
provisions of Condition 7(b)(iii)(F) shall apply; or 
(C) 
“Applicable - 2021 ISDA Definitions” in the applicable Accessory Conditions, then the 
provisions of Condition 7(b)(iv)(H) shall apply. 
(vi) 
Where in the applicable Accessory Conditions:

--- Page 149 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
149 
(A) 
“ISDA Rate: 2021 ISDA Definitions” is specified as the “Manner in which the Rate(s) 
of Interest is/are determined”;  
(B) 
either the Modified Following Business Day Convention or the Preceding Business 
Day Convention is specified as applicable with respect to any Interest Payment 
Date, Interest Period End Date or the Maturity Date; 
(C) 
in the case of Interest Payment Dates only, “Interest Payment Date adjustment for 
Unscheduled Holiday” is specified as applicable; and  
(D) 
in the case of Interest Period End Dates or the Maturity Date only, “Interest Period 
End Date/Maturity Date adjustment for Unscheduled Holiday” is specified as 
applicable, 
then, notwithstanding the applicable Business Day Convention specified in the applicable 
Accessory Conditions in respect of any Interest Payment Date, Interest Period End Date or 
the Maturity Date, if any such date would otherwise have fallen on a day that is not a 
Reference Business Day as a result of an Unscheduled Holiday, such date shall instead fall 
on the first following day that is a Reference Business Day. 
For the avoidance of doubt, Noteholders will not be entitled to any additional payment of 
default interest for any delayed payment of interest as a result of an Unscheduled Holiday. 
(c) 
Variable-linked Interest Rate Notes 
(i) 
Each Variable-linked Interest Rate Note bears interest on its aggregate principal amount 
from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) 
equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with 
Condition 7(g) (Interest Payable). 
(ii) 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Variable-linked Interest Rate Notes (which will only be 
applicable with respect to Notes issued by way of Pricing Terms) for each Interest Period 
shall be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Pricing Terms and interest will 
accrue in accordance with the applicable Pricing Terms. 
(d) 
Zero Coupon Notes 
Where a Zero Coupon Note is repayable prior to the Maturity Date and is not paid when due, the 
amount due and payable prior to the Maturity Date shall be the Early Redemption Amount. 
(e) 
Accrual of Interest 
Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption save that if, upon due 
presentation, payment of the full amount of principal and/or interest due on such due date for 
redemption is improperly withheld or refused, interest will accrue daily on the unpaid amount of 
principal and/or interest (after as well as before judgment and regardless of the Interest Basis) 
from and including the due date for redemption to but excluding the Relevant Date at (i) the rate 
for each day in that period equal to the rate for deposits in the currency in which the payment is 
due to be made for a period of one day, as applicable, or if such rate does not appear on the 
relevant Reuters Screen (or any successor screen page thereto), the rate determined by the 
Calculation Agent, or (ii) if the Notes are issued by way of Pricing Terms specifying otherwise, 
such other rate as may be specified for such purposes in the applicable Pricing Terms. Such 
interest (the “Default Interest”) shall be compounded daily with respect to the overdue sum at the 
above rate.

--- Page 150 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
150 
(f) 
Margin 
If any “Margin” is specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions (either (i) generally or (ii) in 
relation to one or more Interest Periods), then an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of 
Interest, in the case of (i), or the Rate(s) of Interest for the specified Interest Period(s), in the case 
of (ii), calculated in accordance with Condition 7(g) (Interest Payable) by adding (if a positive 
number) or subtracting (if a negative number) the absolute value of such Margin. 
(g) 
Interest Payable 
In respect of Definitive Bearer Notes and Definitive Registered Notes, the interest payable in 
respect of any Note for an Interest Period shall be an amount determined by the Calculation Agent 
equal to the product of (i) the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount, as determined in 
accordance with this Condition 7(g) and (ii) the Calculation Amount Factor of the relevant Note.  
The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of any Note for any Interest 
Period shall be equal to the product of the Rate of Interest, the Calculation Amount and the Day 
Count Fraction for such Interest Period, unless an Interest Amount (or a formula for its calculation) 
is applicable to such Interest Period, in which case the amount of interest payable per Calculation 
Amount in respect of such Note for such Interest Period shall equal such Interest Amount (or be 
calculated in accordance with such formula). In respect of any other period for which interest is 
required to be calculated, the provisions above shall apply, save that the Day Count Fraction shall 
be for the period for which interest is required to be calculated and, in respect of Default Interest, 
the Rate of Interest shall be that specified in Condition 7(e) (Accrual of Interest) or the applicable 
Pricing Terms. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in respect of Global Notes and Global Certificates, the interest 
payable in respect of any Note for an Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent 
in respect of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Global Note or Global Certificate 
(as the case may be). 
In all cases the interest payable in respect of any Note for an Interest Period shall be subject to a 
minimum of zero. 
8 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Final Redemption 
Each Note of a Series shall become due and payable on the Maturity Date at its Final Redemption 
Amount or, in the case of a Note falling within Condition 8(b) (Redemption by Instalments), its final 
Instalment Amount. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in respect of Global Notes and Global Certificates, the principal 
payable in respect of any Note shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent in respect of the 
aggregate principal amount of the Global Note or Global Certificate (as the case may be). 
(b) 
Redemption by Instalments 
Each Instalment Note of a Series shall be partially redeemed on each Instalment Date at the 
related Instalment Amount. The aggregate principal amount of each such Note shall be reduced 
by the relevant Instalment Amount (or, if such Instalment Amount is calculated by reference to a 
proportion of the principal amount of such Note, such proportion) for all purposes with effect from 
the related Instalment Date, unless payment of the Instalment Amount is improperly withheld or 
refused, in which case such amount shall remain outstanding until the Relevant Date relating to 
such Instalment Amount.

--- Page 151 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
151 
(c) 
Redemption upon Original Collateral Default 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Original Collateral Default has occurred in respect of a 
Series and gives notice of such determination (including a description in reasonable detail of the 
facts relevant to such determination) to the Issuer (copied to the Issuing and Paying Agent, the 
Trustee, the Swap Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty and the SL Counterparty), then the 
Issuer shall give an Early Redemption Notice to the Noteholders of the Calculation Agent’s 
determination of the Original Collateral Default as soon as is practicable upon being so notified 
and attach to that a copy of the notice given by the Calculation Agent with respect to the Original 
Collateral Default or include the information provided therein and each Note of such Series shall 
become due and payable on the related Early Redemption Date at its Early Redemption Amount 
(which shall be paid pursuant to Condition 15(a) (Application of Available Proceeds of Liquidation) 
or Condition 15(b) (Application of Available Proceeds of Enforcement of Security), as applicable, 
and which shall be the only amount payable in respect of such Note and there will be no separate 
payment of any unpaid accrued interest thereon). The date on which such Early Redemption 
Notice is deemed to have been given shall be an “Early Redemption Trigger Date”. 
Neither the Issuer nor any Transaction Party shall have any duty to monitor, enquire or satisfy 
itself as to whether any Original Collateral Default has occurred. No Transaction Party shall have 
any obligation to give, nor any responsibility or liability for giving or not giving, any notice to the 
Issuer that an Original Collateral Default has occurred. If the Noteholders provide the relevant 
business unit of the Calculation Agent with details of the circumstances which could constitute an 
Original Collateral Default, the Calculation Agent will consider such notice, but will not be obliged 
to determine that an Original Collateral Default has occurred solely as a result of receipt of such 
notice. If the Calculation Agent gives a notice to the Trustee of the occurrence of an Original 
Collateral Default, the Trustee shall be entitled to rely conclusively on such notice without further 
investigation. 
(d) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
(i) 
Subject to Condition 8(d)(ii), the Issuer shall, as soon as is practicable after becoming 
aware of the occurrence of a Note Tax Event and/or an Original Collateral Tax Event, give 
an Early Redemption Notice to the Noteholders and each Note of the Series shall become 
due and payable on the related Early Redemption Date at its Early Redemption Amount 
(which shall be paid pursuant to Condition 15(a) (Application of Available Proceeds of 
Liquidation) or Condition 15(b) (Application of Available Proceeds of Enforcement of 
Security), as applicable, and which shall be the only amount payable in respect of such 
Note and there will be no separate payment of any unpaid accrued interest thereon). The 
date on which such Early Redemption Notice is deemed to have been given shall be an 
“Early Redemption Trigger Date”. 
A “Note Tax Event” will occur in respect of a Series if: 
(A) 
the Issuer determines that it will be required by any applicable law to withhold, 
deduct or account for an amount for any present or future taxes, duties or charges of 
whatsoever nature, other than a withholding, deduction or account in respect of an 
Information Reporting Regime, or would suffer the same in respect of its income, so 
that it would be unable to make in full any payment in respect of the Notes when due 
(other than an Original Collateral Tax Event and provided that, for the avoidance of 
doubt, any such taxes relating to ATAD shall be a Note Tax Event); 
(B) 
on the due date for any payment in respect of the Notes, such a withholding, 
deduction or account is actually made in respect of any payment in respect of the 
Notes; or

--- Page 152 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
152 
(C) 
the Issuer determines that any Noteholder, Couponholder or beneficial owner of 
Notes has failed to provide sufficient forms, documentation or other information in 
accordance with Conditions 12(b) (Provision of Information) or 12(c) (U.S. 
Withholding Notes) such that any payment received or payable by the Issuer may be 
subject to a deduction or withholding or the Issuer may suffer a fine or penalty, in 
each case, pursuant to an Information Reporting Regime, 
other than where such event constitutes an Original Collateral Tax Event. 
An “Original Collateral Tax Event” will occur in respect of a Series if the Issuer determines 
that it is or will be: 
(A) 
unable to receive any payment due in respect of any Original Collateral in full on the 
due date therefor without a deduction for or on account of any withholding tax, back-
up withholding or other tax, duties or charges of whatsoever nature imposed by any 
authority of any jurisdiction; 
(B) 
required to pay any tax, duty or charge of whatsoever nature imposed by any 
authority of any jurisdiction in respect of any payment received in respect of any 
Original Collateral; and/or 
(C) 
required to comply with any reporting requirement (other than in respect of FATCA 
and any other Information Reporting Regime that is not materially more onerous to 
comply with than FATCA) of any authority of any jurisdiction in respect of any 
payment received in respect of any Original Collateral, 
provided that the Issuer, using reasonable efforts prior to the due date for the relevant 
payment, is (or would be) unable to (I) avoid such deduction(s) or payment(s) and/or (II) 
comply with such reporting requirements, in each case described in sub-paragraphs (A) to 
(C) above by filing a valid declaration that it is not a resident of such jurisdiction and/or by 
executing any certificate, form or other document in order to make a claim under a double 
taxation treaty or other exemption available to it. If the action that the Issuer would be 
required to undertake so as to avoid any such deduction(s) or payment(s) and/or comply 
with such reporting requirements would involve any material expense or is, in the sole 
opinion of the Issuer, unduly onerous, the Issuer shall not be required to take any such 
action. Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, a FATCA Withholding on 
payments in respect of any Original Collateral shall constitute an Original Collateral Tax 
Event. For the purposes of this definition, if on the date falling 60 days prior to the 
immediately following date on which a payment will be due under the relevant Original 
Collateral (such 60th day prior being the “FATCA Test Date”), the Issuer is a 
“nonparticipating foreign financial institution” or “nonparticipating FFI” (as such terms are 
used under section 1471 of the Code or in any regulations or guidance thereunder), the 
Issuer will be deemed on the FATCA Test Date to be unable to receive a payment due in 
respect of such Original Collateral in full on the due date therefor without deduction for or 
on account of any withholding tax and, therefore, an Original Collateral Tax Event will have 
occurred on the FATCA Test Date. 
(ii) 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the requirement to withhold, deduct or account for any 
present or future taxes, duties or charges of whatsoever nature referred to in paragraph (i) 
above arises solely as a result of any Noteholder’s or Couponholder’s connection with the 
jurisdiction of incorporation of the Issuer otherwise than by reason only of the holding of any 
Note or receiving or being entitled to any payment in respect thereof then, to the extent 
possible, the Issuer shall deduct such taxes, duties or charges, as applicable, from the 
amount(s) payable to such Noteholder or Couponholder, and provided that payments to

--- Page 153 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
153 
other Noteholders or Couponholders would not be impaired, the Issuer shall not give an 
Early Redemption Notice pursuant to Condition 8(d)(i). Any such deduction shall not 
constitute an Event of Default under Condition 8(q) (Redemption Following the Occurrence 
of an Event of Default), a Liquidation Event under Condition 13 (Liquidation) or an 
Enforcement Event under Condition 14 (Enforcement of Security). 
Neither the Issuer nor any Transaction Party shall have any duty to monitor, enquire or satisfy 
itself as to whether any Note Tax Event or Original Collateral Tax Event has occurred. No 
Transaction Party shall have any obligation to give, nor any responsibility or liability for giving or 
not giving, any notice to the Issuer that a Note Tax Event or an Original Collateral Tax Event has 
occurred. If the Issuer gives a notice to the Trustee and/or the Calculation Agent of the occurrence 
of a Note Tax Event or an Original Collateral Tax Event, the Trustee and/or the Calculation Agent, 
as the case may be, shall be entitled to rely conclusively on such notice without further 
investigation. 
(e) 
Redemption for Original Collateral Call 
The Issuer shall, as soon as is practicable after becoming aware of the occurrence of an Original 
Collateral Call, give an Early Redemption Notice to the Noteholders and each Note of the Series 
shall become due and payable on the related Early Redemption Date at its Early Redemption 
Amount (which shall be paid pursuant to Condition 15(a) (Application of Available Proceeds of 
Liquidation) or Condition 15(b) (Application of Available Proceeds of Enforcement of Security), as 
applicable, and which shall be the only amount payable in respect of such Note and there will be 
no separate payment of any unpaid accrued interest thereon). The date on which such Early 
Redemption Notice is deemed to have been given shall be an “Early Redemption Trigger Date”. 
Neither the Issuer nor any Transaction Party shall have any duty to monitor, enquire or satisfy 
itself as to whether any Original Collateral Call has occurred. No Transaction Party shall have any 
obligation to give, nor any responsibility or liability for giving or not giving, any notice to the Issuer 
that an Original Collateral Call has occurred. If the Issuer gives a notice to the Trustee and/or the 
Calculation Agent of the occurrence of an Original Collateral Call, the Trustee and/or the 
Calculation Agent (as the case may be) shall be entitled to rely conclusively on such notice 
without further investigation. 
(f) 
Redemption for Termination of Swap Agreement 
The Issuer shall, as soon as is practicable after becoming aware of the occurrence of a Swap 
Termination Event, give an Early Redemption Notice to the Noteholders and each Note of the 
Series shall become due and payable on the related Early Redemption Date at its Early 
Redemption Amount (which shall be paid pursuant to Condition 15(a) (Application of Available 
Proceeds of Liquidation) or Condition 15(b) (Application of Available Proceeds of Enforcement of 
Security), as applicable, and which shall be the only amount payable in respect of such Note and 
there will be no separate payment of any unpaid accrued interest thereon). The date on which 
such Early Redemption Notice is deemed to have been given shall be an “Early Redemption 
Trigger Date”. 
If, prior to the Maturity Date: 
(i) 
the Issuer becomes aware of the occurrence of a Swap Agreement Event which is then 
continuing; 
(ii) 
no Early Termination Date has already been designated or occurred in respect of all 
outstanding Swap Transactions under the Swap Agreement; and

--- Page 154 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
154 
(iii) 
no Early Redemption Trigger Date or Early Redemption Date has occurred under any other 
Condition in respect of the Notes of the Series, 
the Issuer shall, as soon as is practicable after becoming aware of the same, notify the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 23 (Notices) and the Trustee in writing of the same. 
Following such notice being given by the Issuer, the Trustee shall, if directed by an Extraordinary 
Resolution and provided that (A) the Trustee shall have been indemnified and/or secured and/or 
pre-funded to its satisfaction and (B) no Early Redemption Trigger Date or Early Redemption Date 
has occurred pursuant to any other Condition, give notice to the Issuer that the Issuer is to 
designate an Early Termination Date in respect of all outstanding Swap Transactions under the 
Swap Agreement. 
Subject to the Issuer still having such designation right, the Issuer shall, as soon as is practicable, 
designate an Early Termination Date in respect of all outstanding Swap Transactions under the 
Swap Agreement and shall then notify the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 23 (Notices) 
and the Trustee in writing of the same. Such notice shall constitute an Early Redemption Notice 
for purposes of the first paragraph of this Condition 8(f). 
Neither the Issuer nor any Transaction Party shall have any duty to monitor, enquire or satisfy 
itself as to whether any Swap Termination Event or Swap Agreement Event has occurred. No 
Transaction Party shall have any obligation to give, nor any responsibility or liability for giving or 
not giving, any notice to the Issuer that a Swap Termination Event or Swap Agreement Event has 
occurred. If the Issuer gives a notice to the Trustee and/or the Calculation Agent of the occurrence 
of a Swap Termination Event or a Swap Agreement Event, the Trustee and/or the Calculation 
Agent, as the case may be, shall be entitled to rely conclusively on such notice without further 
investigation. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, the satisfaction of an Issuer Call Condition pursuant to 
Condition 8(o) (Redemption Following Satisfaction of an Issuer Call Condition) shall not constitute 
a Swap Termination Event or Swap Agreement Event pursuant to this Condition 8(f). 
(g) 
Redemption for Swap Counterparty Bankruptcy Event 
The Issuer shall, if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution resolving that a Swap Counterparty 
Bankruptcy Event has occurred and that a notice of redemption in respect of the Notes is to be 
given by or on behalf of the Issuer, give an Early Redemption Notice to the Noteholders as soon 
as is practicable upon being so directed and each Note shall become due and payable on the 
related Early Redemption Date at its Early Redemption Amount (which shall be paid pursuant to 
Condition 15(a) (Application of Available Proceeds of Liquidation) or Condition 15(b) (Application 
of Available Proceeds of Enforcement of Security), as applicable, and which shall be the only 
amount payable in respect of such Note and there will be no separate payment of any unpaid 
accrued interest thereon). The date on which such Early Redemption Notice is deemed to have 
been given shall be an “Early Redemption Trigger Date”. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Condition 19 (Meetings of Noteholders, Modification, 
Waiver and Substitution) or the Trust Deed, any holder of a Note then outstanding may deliver a 
request in writing to the Issuer, the Calculation Agent and the Trustee for a meeting of 
Noteholders to be convened to consider an Extraordinary Resolution to sanction that a Swap 
Counterparty Bankruptcy Event has occurred and to instruct the Issuer to give an Early 
Redemption Notice in respect of the Notes. 
Any such request by any holder of a Note for a meeting to be convened to resolve that a Swap 
Counterparty Bankruptcy Event has occurred must (i) describe the Swap Counterparty Bankruptcy 
Event alleged to have occurred and (ii) contain information that reasonably confirms that the Swap

--- Page 155 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
155 
Counterparty Bankruptcy Event has occurred which in the sole opinion of the Issuer is satisfactory 
evidence of the occurrence of the Swap Counterparty Bankruptcy Event. Upon receipt of a valid 
request from a Noteholder satisfying the requirements outlined in the preceding sentence, the 
Issuer shall convene a meeting of Noteholders in accordance with the provisions of the Trust 
Deed. 
Neither the Issuer nor any Transaction Party shall have any duty to monitor, enquire or satisfy 
itself as to whether any Swap Counterparty Bankruptcy Event has occurred and shall be entitled 
to rely conclusively on such Extraordinary Resolution regarding the same. No Transaction Party 
shall have any obligation to give, nor any responsibility or liability for giving or not giving, any 
notice to the Issuer that a Swap Counterparty Bankruptcy Event has occurred. If the Issuer gives a 
notice to the Trustee and/or the Calculation Agent of the occurrence of a Swap Counterparty 
Bankruptcy Event, the Trustee and/or the Calculation Agent, as the case may be, shall be entitled 
to rely conclusively on such notice without further investigation. 
(h) 
Redemption for Termination of Repo Agreement 
The Issuer shall, as soon as is practicable after becoming aware of the occurrence of a Repo 
Termination Event, give an Early Redemption Notice to the Noteholders and each Note of the 
Series shall become due and payable on the related Early Redemption Date at its Early 
Redemption Amount (which shall be paid pursuant to Condition 15(a) (Application of Available 
Proceeds of Liquidation) or Condition 15(b) (Application of Available Proceeds of Enforcement of 
Security), as applicable, and which shall be the only amount payable in respect of such Note and 
there will be no separate payment of any unpaid accrued interest thereon). The date on which 
such Early Redemption Notice is deemed to have been given shall be an “Early Redemption 
Trigger Date”. 
If, prior to the Maturity Date: 
(i) 
the Issuer becomes aware of the occurrence of a Repo Agreement Event which is then 
continuing; 
(ii) 
no Early Termination Date has already been designated or occurred in respect of all 
outstanding Repo Transactions under the Repo Agreement; and 
(iii) 
no Early Redemption Trigger Date or Early Redemption Date has occurred under any other 
Condition in respect of the Notes of the Series, 
the Issuer shall, as soon as is practicable after becoming aware of the same, notify the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 23 (Notices) and the Trustee in writing of the same. 
Following such notice being given by the Issuer, the Trustee shall, if directed by an Extraordinary 
Resolution and provided that (A) the Trustee shall have been indemnified and/or secured and/or 
pre-funded to its satisfaction and (B) no Early Redemption Trigger Date or Early Redemption Date 
has occurred pursuant to any other Condition, give notice to the Issuer that the Issuer is to 
designate an Early Termination Date in respect of all outstanding Repo Transactions under the 
Repo Agreement. 
Subject to the Issuer still having such designation right, the Issuer shall, as soon as is practicable, 
designate an Early Termination Date in respect of all outstanding Repo Transactions under the 
Repo Agreement and shall then notify the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 23 (Notices) 
and the Trustee in writing of the same. Such notice shall constitute an Early Redemption Notice 
for purposes of the first paragraph of this Condition 8(h). 
Neither the Issuer nor any Transaction Party shall have any duty to monitor, enquire or satisfy 
itself as to whether any Repo Termination Event or Repo Agreement Event has occurred. No

--- Page 156 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
156 
Transaction Party shall have any obligation to give, nor any responsibility or liability for giving or 
not giving, any notice to the Issuer that a Repo Termination Event or Repo Agreement Event has 
occurred. If the Issuer gives a notice to the Trustee and/or the Calculation Agent of the occurrence 
of a Repo Termination Event or a Repo Agreement Event, the Trustee and/or the Calculation 
Agent, as the case may be, shall be entitled to rely conclusively on such notice without further 
investigation. 
(i) 
Redemption for Repo Counterparty Bankruptcy Event 
The Issuer shall, if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution resolving that a Repo Counterparty 
Bankruptcy Event has occurred and that a notice of redemption in respect of the Notes is to be 
given by or on behalf of the Issuer, give an Early Redemption Notice to the Noteholders as soon 
as is practicable upon being so directed and each Note shall become due and payable on the 
related Early Redemption Date at its Early Redemption Amount (which shall be paid pursuant to 
Condition 15(a) (Application of Available Proceeds of Liquidation) or Condition 15(b) (Application 
of Available Proceeds of Enforcement of Security), as applicable, and which shall be the only 
amount payable in respect of such Note and there will be no separate payment of any unpaid 
accrued interest thereon). The date on which such Early Redemption Notice is deemed to have 
been given shall be an “Early Redemption Trigger Date”. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Condition 19 (Meetings of Noteholders, Modification, 
Waiver and Substitution) or the Trust Deed, any holder of a Note then outstanding may deliver a 
request in writing to the Issuer, the Calculation Agent and the Trustee for a meeting of 
Noteholders to be convened to consider an Extraordinary Resolution to sanction that a Repo 
Counterparty Bankruptcy Event has occurred and to instruct the Issuer to give an Early 
Redemption Notice in respect of the Notes. 
Any such request by any holder of a Note for a meeting to be convened to resolve that a Repo 
Counterparty Bankruptcy Event has occurred must (i) describe the Repo Counterparty Bankruptcy 
Event alleged to have occurred and (ii) contain information that reasonably confirms that the Repo 
Counterparty Bankruptcy Event has occurred which in the sole opinion of the Issuer is satisfactory 
evidence of the occurrence of the Repo Counterparty Bankruptcy Event. Upon receipt of a valid 
request from a Noteholder satisfying the requirements outlined in the preceding sentence, the 
Issuer shall convene a meeting of Noteholders in accordance with the provisions of the Trust 
Deed. 
Neither the Issuer nor any Transaction Party shall have any duty to monitor, enquire or satisfy 
itself as to whether any Repo Counterparty Bankruptcy Event has occurred and shall be entitled to 
rely conclusively on such Extraordinary Resolution regarding the same. No Transaction Party shall 
have any obligation to give, nor any responsibility or liability for giving or not giving, any notice to 
the Issuer that a Repo Counterparty Bankruptcy Event has occurred. If the Issuer gives a notice to 
the Trustee and/or the Calculation Agent of the occurrence of a Repo Counterparty Bankruptcy 
Event, the Trustee and/or the Calculation Agent, as the case may be, shall be entitled to rely 
conclusively on such notice without further investigation. 
(j) 
Redemption for Termination of SL Agreement 
The Issuer shall, as soon as is practicable after becoming aware of the occurrence of an SL 
Termination Event, give an Early Redemption Notice to the Noteholders and each Note of the 
Series shall become due and payable on the related Early Redemption Date at its Early 
Redemption Amount (which shall be paid pursuant to Condition 15(a) (Application of Available 
Proceeds of Liquidation) or Condition 15(b) (Application of Available Proceeds of Enforcement of 
Security), as applicable, and which shall be the only amount payable in respect of such Note and 
there will be no separate payment of any unpaid accrued interest thereon). The date on which

--- Page 157 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
157 
such Early Redemption Notice is deemed to have been given shall be an “Early Redemption 
Trigger Date”. 
If, prior to the Maturity Date: 
(i) 
the Issuer becomes aware of the occurrence of an SL Agreement Event which is then 
continuing; 
(ii) 
no Early Termination Date has already been designated or occurred in respect of all 
outstanding SL Transactions under the SL Agreement; and 
(iii) 
no Early Redemption Trigger Date or Early Redemption Date has occurred under any other 
Condition in respect of the Notes of the Series, 
the Issuer shall, as soon as is practicable after becoming aware of the same, notify the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 23 (Notices) and the Trustee in writing of the same. 
Following such notice being given by the Issuer, the Trustee shall, if directed by an Extraordinary 
Resolution and provided that (A) the Trustee shall have been indemnified and/or secured and/or 
pre-funded to its satisfaction and (B) no Early Redemption Trigger Date or Early Redemption Date 
has occurred pursuant to any other Condition, give notice to the Issuer that the Issuer is to 
designate an Early Termination Date in respect of all outstanding SL Transactions under the SL 
Agreement. 
Subject to the Issuer still having such designation right, the Issuer shall, as soon as is practicable, 
designate an Early Termination Date in respect of all outstanding SL Transactions under the SL 
Agreement and shall then notify the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 23 (Notices) and 
the Trustee in writing of the same. Such notice shall constitute an Early Redemption Notice for 
purposes of the first paragraph of this Condition (j).  
Neither the Issuer nor any Transaction Party shall have any duty to monitor, enquire or satisfy 
itself as to whether any SL Termination Event or SL Agreement Event has occurred. No 
Transaction Party shall have any obligation to give, nor any responsibility or liability for giving or 
not giving, any notice to the Issuer that an SL Termination Event or SL Agreement Event has 
occurred. If the Issuer gives a notice to the Trustee and/or the Calculation Agent of the occurrence 
of an SL Termination Event or an SL Agreement Event, the Trustee and/or the Calculation Agent, 
as the case may be, shall be entitled to rely conclusively on such notice without further 
investigation. 
(k) 
Redemption for SL Counterparty Bankruptcy Event 
The Issuer shall, if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution resolving that an SL Counterparty 
Bankruptcy Event has occurred and that a notice of redemption in respect of the Notes is to be 
given by or on behalf of the Issuer, give an Early Redemption Notice to the Noteholders as soon 
as is practicable upon being so directed and each Note shall become due and payable on the 
related Early Redemption Date at its Early Redemption Amount (which shall be paid pursuant to 
Condition 15(a) (Application of Available Proceeds of Liquidation) or Condition 15(b) (Application 
of Available Proceeds of Enforcement of Security), as applicable, and which shall be the only 
amount payable in respect of such Note and there will be no separate payment of any unpaid 
accrued interest thereon). The date on which such Early Redemption Notice is deemed to have 
been given shall be an “Early Redemption Trigger Date”. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Condition 19 (Meetings of Noteholders, Modification, 
Waiver and Substitution) or the Trust Deed, any holder of a Note then outstanding may deliver a 
request in writing to the Issuer, the Calculation Agent and the Trustee for a meeting of 
Noteholders to be convened to consider an Extraordinary Resolution to sanction that an SL

--- Page 158 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
158 
Counterparty Bankruptcy Event has occurred and to instruct the Issuer to give an Early 
Redemption Notice in respect of the Notes. 
Any such request by any holder of a Note for a meeting to be convened to resolve that an SL 
Counterparty Bankruptcy Event has occurred must (i) describe the SL Counterparty Bankruptcy 
Event alleged to have occurred and (ii) contain information that reasonably confirms that the SL 
Counterparty Bankruptcy Event has occurred which in the sole opinion of the Issuer is satisfactory 
evidence of the occurrence of the SL Counterparty Bankruptcy Event. Upon receipt of a valid 
request from a Noteholder satisfying the requirements outlined in the preceding sentence, the 
Issuer shall convene a meeting of Noteholders in accordance with the provisions of the Trust 
Deed. 
Neither the Issuer nor any Transaction Party shall have any duty to monitor, enquire or satisfy 
itself as to whether any SL Counterparty Bankruptcy Event has occurred and shall be entitled to 
rely conclusively on such Extraordinary Resolution regarding the same. No Transaction Party shall 
have any obligation to give, nor any responsibility or liability for giving or not giving, any notice to 
the Issuer that an SL Counterparty Bankruptcy Event has occurred. If the Issuer gives a notice to 
the Trustee and/or the Calculation Agent of the occurrence of an SL Counterparty Bankruptcy 
Event, the Trustee and/or the Calculation Agent, as the case may be, shall be entitled to rely 
conclusively on such notice without further investigation. 
(l) 
Redemption Following an Illegality Event 
The Issuer shall, as soon as is practicable after becoming aware of the occurrence of an Illegality 
Event, give an Early Redemption Notice to the Noteholders and each Note of the Series shall 
become due and payable on the related Early Redemption Date at its Early Redemption Amount 
(which shall be paid pursuant to Condition 15(a) (Application of Available Proceeds of Liquidation) 
or Condition 15(b) (Application of Available Proceeds of Enforcement of Security), as applicable, 
and which shall be the only amount payable in respect of such Note and there will be no separate 
payment of any unpaid accrued interest thereon). The date on which such Early Redemption 
Notice is deemed to have been given shall be an “Early Redemption Trigger Date”. 
Neither the Issuer nor any Transaction Party shall have any duty to monitor, enquire or satisfy 
itself as to whether any Illegality Event has occurred. No Transaction Party shall have any 
obligation to give, nor any responsibility or liability for giving or not giving, any notice to the Issuer 
that an Illegality Event has occurred. If the Issuer gives a notice to the Trustee and/or the 
Calculation Agent of the occurrence of an Illegality Event, the Trustee and/or the Calculation 
Agent, as the case may be, shall be entitled to rely conclusively on such notice without further 
investigation. 
(m) 
Redemption Following Original Collateral Disruption Event 
If, in respect of a Series, the Calculation Agent has given an Original Collateral Disruption Event 
Redemption Notice (copied to the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Trustee, the Swap Counterparty, 
the Repo Counterparty and the SL Counterparty), then the Issuer shall give an Early Redemption 
Notice to the Noteholders of such fact as soon as is practicable upon being so notified and attach 
to that a copy of the Original Collateral Disruption Event Redemption Notice or include the 
information provided therein and each Note of such Series shall become due and payable on the 
related Early Redemption Date at its Early Redemption Amount (which shall be paid pursuant to 
Condition 15(a) (Application of Available Proceeds of Liquidation) or Condition 15(b) (Application 
of Available Proceeds of Enforcement of Security), as applicable, and which shall be the only 
amount payable in respect of such Note and there will be no separate payment of any unpaid 
accrued interest thereon). The date on which such Early Redemption Notice is deemed to have 
been given shall be an “Early Redemption Trigger Date”.

--- Page 159 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
159 
Neither the Issuer nor any Transaction Party shall have any duty to monitor, enquire or satisfy 
itself as to whether any Original Collateral Disruption Event has occurred. No Transaction Party 
shall have any obligation to give, nor any responsibility or liability for giving or not giving, any 
notice to the Issuer that an Original Collateral Disruption Event has occurred. If the Calculation 
Agent gives an Original Collateral Disruption Event Redemption Notice to the Trustee, the Trustee 
shall be entitled to rely conclusively on such notice without further investigation. 
(n) 
Redemption Following Reference Rate Event 
If, in respect of a Series: 
(i) 
either a Replacement Reference Rate Notice or a Replacement Reference Rate 
Amendments Certificate is not delivered at least two London Business Days before a Cut-
off Date in accordance with Condition 9(c) (Occurrence of a Reference Rate Event); 
(ii) 
it (A) is or would be unlawful under any applicable law or regulation or (B) would contravene 
any applicable licensing requirements, for the Calculation Agent to perform the actions 
prescribed in Condition 9(c) (Occurrence of a Reference Rate Event) (or it would be 
unlawful or would contravene those licensing requirements were a determination to be 
made at such time); or 
(iii) 
the Calculation Agent determines that an Adjustment Spread is or would be an interest rate, 
benchmark, index or other price source whose production, publication, methodology or 
governance would subject the Calculation Agent or the Swap Counterparty or the Repo 
Counterparty to material additional regulatory obligations which it is unwilling to undertake 
(each of paragraphs (i) to (iii) above, a “Reference Rate Default Event”),  
then the Calculation Agent shall give notice of such fact to the Issuer (copied to the Issuing and 
Paying Agent, the Trustee, the Swap Counterparty and the Repo Counterparty). The Issuer shall 
then give an Early Redemption Notice to the Noteholders of such fact as soon as is practicable 
upon being so notified and each Note of such Series shall become due and payable on the related 
Early Redemption Date at its Early Redemption Amount (which shall be paid pursuant to 
Condition 15(a) (Application of Available Proceeds of Liquidation) or Condition 15(b) (Application 
of Available Proceeds of Enforcement of Security), as applicable, and which shall be the only 
amount payable in respect of such Note and there will be no separate payment of any unpaid 
accrued interest thereon). The date on which such Early Redemption Notice is deemed to have 
been given shall be an “Early Redemption Trigger Date”. 
(o) 
Redemption Following Satisfaction of an Issuer Call Condition  
Where “Issuer Call” is specified to be applicable in the applicable Accessory Conditions, the Issuer 
shall, as soon as is practicable after becoming aware of the satisfaction of an Issuer Call 
Condition, give an Early Redemption Notice to the Noteholders and each Note of the Series shall 
become due and payable on the related Early Redemption Date at its Early Redemption Amount 
(which shall be paid pursuant to Condition 15(a) (Application of Available Proceeds of Liquidation) 
or Condition 15(b) (Application of Available Proceeds of Enforcement of Security), as applicable). 
The date on which such Early Redemption Notice is deemed to have been given shall be an 
“Early Redemption Trigger Date”. Interest Amounts, if any, shall be payable pursuant to 
Condition 7 (Interest). 
Where the Notes are redeemed pursuant to this Condition 8(o), then on the Issuer Call Settlement 
Date:

--- Page 160 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
160 
(i) 
where “Issuer Call Settlement – Cash to Swap Counterparty” is specified in the applicable 
Accessory Conditions, the Issuer shall pay (or procure payment of) an amount equal to the 
proceeds of the Liquidation of the Original Collateral that it is entitled to receive; or  
(ii) 
where “Issuer Call Settlement – Delivery to Swap Counterparty” is specified in the 
applicable Accessory Conditions, the Issuer shall deliver (or procure delivery of) the 
Original Collateral,  
in each case, to the Swap Counterparty under the Swap Agreement. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, if, at any time following the satisfaction of an Issuer Call 
Condition and prior to the Issuer Call Settlement Date, an Early Redemption Trigger Date or an 
Early Termination Date occurs for any other reason, then the Early Redemption Trigger Date 
resulting directly from the satisfaction of the Issuer Call Condition shall be disregarded and the 
Notes will instead redeem in accordance with the relevant provision of Condition 8 (Redemption 
and Purchase) to which the subsequent Early Redemption Trigger Date relates. If, at any time 
from (and including) the Issuer Call Settlement Date and prior to the Issuer Call Redemption Date, 
an Early Redemption Trigger Date or an Early Termination Date occurs for any other reason, the 
provisions of this Condition 8(o) shall prevail.  
Neither the Issuer nor any Transaction Party shall have any duty to monitor, enquire or satisfy 
itself as to whether any Issuer Call Condition has been satisfied. No Transaction Party shall have 
any obligation to give, nor any responsibility or liability for giving or not giving, any notice to the 
Issuer that an Issuer Call Condition has been satisfied. If the Issuer gives a notice to the Trustee 
and/or the Calculation Agent of the satisfaction of an Issuer Call Condition, the Trustee and/or the 
Calculation Agent, as the case may be, shall be entitled to rely conclusively on such notice without 
further investigation. 
(p) 
Redemption Following Exercise of Noteholder Early Redemption Option 
Where “Noteholder Early Redemption Option” is specified to be applicable in the applicable 
Accessory Conditions, 100% Noteholders may on any Reference Business Day falling within the 
Noteholder Early Redemption Option Period deliver a notice outside of the Clearing Systems to 
the Issuer (copied to each Transaction Party) (a “Noteholder Early Redemption Option 
Exercise Notice”), together with evidence to the satisfaction of each of the Swap Counterparty, 
the Repo Counterparty and the SL Counterparty (as applicable) of such 100% Noteholders’ 
beneficial holding of 100 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes then 
outstanding, irrevocably proposing a date on which the Issuer shall redeem each Note of such 
Series in full (and not in part) in an amount equal to the Early Redemption Amount. For a 
Noteholder Early Redemption Option Exercise Notice to be valid, the date proposed must fall at 
least (A) 10 Reference Business Days following the date of the Noteholder Early Redemption 
Option Exercise Notice and (B) 15 Reference Business Days prior to the Maturity Date.  
If a valid Noteholder Early Redemption Option Exercise Notice is delivered, the Issuer shall deliver 
an Early Redemption Notice to the Noteholders and each Note of the Series shall become due 
and payable on the date proposed in the Noteholder Early Redemption Option Exercise Notice 
(being, for such purposes, the Early Redemption Date) at its Early Redemption Amount (which 
shall be paid pursuant to Condition 15(a) (Application of Available Proceeds of Liquidation) or 
Condition 15(b) (Application of Available Proceeds of Enforcement of Security), as applicable, and 
which shall be the only amount payable in respect of such Note and there will be no separate 
payment of any unpaid accrued interest thereon). The date on which such Early Redemption 
Notice is deemed to have been given shall be an “Early Redemption Trigger Date”.

--- Page 161 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
161 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary (including the provisions of Condition 8(u) (Effect of Early 
Redemption Trigger Date, Maturity Date Liquidation Event, Redemption or Purchase and 
Cancellation)), if at any time prior to the Early Valuation Date an Early Redemption Trigger Date 
occurs for any other reason, then the Noteholder Early Redemption Option Exercise Notice (and 
any related Early Redemption Notice) delivered pursuant to this Condition 8(p) shall be deemed to 
be void and the Notes will instead redeem in accordance with the relevant provision of Condition 8 
(Redemption and Purchase) to which the subsequent Early Redemption Trigger Date relates. 
The Issuer and each Transaction Party shall be entitled to rely conclusively on any communication 
purporting to be delivered by 100% Noteholders without further investigation and to act upon the 
same and shall have no liability whatsoever in respect of such reliance. 
(q) 
Redemption Following the Occurrence of an Event of Default 
If any of the following events (each, an “Event of Default”) occurs, the Trustee at its discretion 
may, and if directed by an Extraordinary Resolution shall (provided in each case that the Trustee 
shall have been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction), give an Early 
Redemption Notice to the Issuer that all but not some only of the Notes of the Series shall become 
due and payable at the Early Redemption Amount (which shall be the only amount payable and 
there will be no separate payment of any unpaid accrued interest thereon) on the Early 
Redemption Date: 
(i) 
default is made for more than 14 days in the payment of any interest or Instalment Amount 
in respect of the Notes or any of them, other than any interest or Instalment Amount due 
and payable on the Maturity Date, and other than where any such default occurs as a result 
of an Original Collateral Default, a Note Tax Event, an Original Collateral Tax Event, an 
Original Collateral Call, a Swap Termination Event, a Swap Agreement Event, a Swap 
Counterparty Bankruptcy Event, a Repo Termination Event, a Repo Agreement Event, a 
Repo Counterparty Bankruptcy Event, an SL Termination Event, an SL Agreement Event, 
an SL Counterparty Bankruptcy Event, an Illegality Event, an Original Collateral Disruption 
Event (to the extent the Calculation Agent has given an Original Collateral Disruption Event 
Redemption Notice), a Reference Rate Default Event, the satisfaction of an Issuer Call 
Condition or the exercise of a Noteholder Early Redemption Option; 
(ii) 
the Issuer does not perform or comply with any one or more of its other obligations under 
the Notes or the Trust Deed, which default is incapable of remedy or, if in the opinion of the 
Trustee capable of remedy, is not in the opinion of the Trustee remedied within 30 days 
after notice of such default shall have been given to the Issuer by the Trustee; or 
(iii) 
a SPIRE Bankruptcy Event occurs. 
For the purposes of the Conditions and the Transaction Documents, in relation to any Events of 
Default, the date on which the related Early Redemption Notice is deemed to be given shall be an 
“Early Redemption Trigger Date”. 
The Issuer has undertaken in the Trust Deed for the Series that, within 10 Luxembourg Business 
Days of the publication of SPIRE’s annual financial statements, and forthwith on request from the 
Trustee, the Issuer will send to the Trustee a certificate signed by a Director to the effect that, 
having made all reasonable enquiries, to the best of the knowledge, information and belief of the 
Issuer as at the date of the certificate, no Event of Default or event or circumstance that could, 
with the giving of notice, lapse of time and/or issue of a certificate, become an Event of Default 
has occurred since the certification date of the last such certificate or (if none) the Issue Date of 
the first Tranche of Notes of the Series or, if such an event had occurred, giving details thereof.

--- Page 162 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
162 
(r) 
Suspension of Payments and Calculations 
If, at any time within five Reference Business Days on or prior to a day on which an amount will be 
due and payable in respect of the Notes (the “Suspended Payment Date”), the Calculation Agent 
determines that facts exist which may (assuming the expiration of any applicable grace period) 
amount to an Original Collateral Default, no payment of principal or interest shall be made by the 
Issuer in respect of the Notes during the period of 10 Reference Business Days following the 
Suspended Payment Date (the “Original Collateral Default Suspension Period”). If, at any time 
during the Original Collateral Default Suspension Period, the Calculation Agent determines that an 
Original Collateral Default has occurred, then the provisions of Condition 8(c) (Redemption upon 
Original Collateral Default) shall apply. If, on the final Reference Business Day of the Original 
Collateral Default Suspension Period, no such determination has been made, then the balance of 
the principal or interest that would otherwise have been payable in respect of the Notes shall be 
due on the second Reference Business Day after such final Reference Business Day of the 
Original Collateral Default Suspension Period. Noteholders and Couponholders shall not be 
entitled to a further payment as a consequence of the fact that such payment of such principal or 
interest is postponed pursuant to this Condition 8(r).  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Calculation Agent determines that the circumstances giving 
rise to such potential Original Collateral Default have been remedied (if possible) or no longer 
exist such that no related Original Collateral Default has occurred, then the Issuer shall make any 
payments that would otherwise have been payable in respect of the Notes on the second 
Reference Business Day following the date on which the Calculation Agent makes such 
determination. Noteholders and Couponholders shall not be entitled to a further payment as a 
consequence of the fact that such payment of such principal or interest is postponed pursuant to 
this Condition 8(r). In determining whether a payment failure has (or may have) occurred, the 
Calculation Agent may rely on evidence of non-receipt of funds. 
(s) 
Purchases 
If the Issuer has made arrangements for the realisation of no more than the equivalent proportion 
of the Collateral and/or for the reduction in the notional amount of the Swap Agreement and/or the 
repurchase of a proportion of collateral under the Repo Agreement and/or for the redelivery of a 
proportion of the loaned securities under the SL Agreement in connection with the proposed 
purchase of the Notes, which transactions will leave the Issuer with no assets or net liabilities in 
respect thereof, it may purchase Notes (provided that all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and 
unexchanged Talons relating thereto are attached thereto or surrendered therewith) in the open 
market or otherwise at any price. 
Notes represented by a Global Note may only be purchased by the Issuer if they are purchased 
together with the right to receive all future payments of interest and Instalment Amounts (if any) 
thereon. 
(t) 
Cancellation 
All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer shall be surrendered for cancellation, in the case 
of Bearer Notes, by surrendering each such Note together with all unmatured Receipts and 
Coupons and all unexchanged Talons to or to the order of the Issuing and Paying Agent and, in 
the case of Registered Notes, by surrendering the Certificate representing such Notes to or to the 
order of the Registrar and, in each case, shall, together with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be 
cancelled forthwith (together with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and all unexchanged 
Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith). Any Notes so surrendered for cancellation may 
not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such Notes shall be 
discharged.

--- Page 163 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
163 
Cancellation of any Note (other than upon such Note’s redemption) represented by a Global Note 
shall be effected by reduction in the principal amount of the Global Note representing such Note 
on its presentation to or to the order of the Issuing and Paying Agent for endorsement in the first 
schedule thereto (Principal amount of Notes represented by this Temporary Global Note or 
Principal amount of Notes represented by this Permanent Global Note, as applicable), whereupon 
the principal amount of the Global Note shall be reduced for all purposes by the amount so 
cancelled and endorsed. 
(u) 
Effect of Early Redemption Trigger Date, Maturity Date Liquidation Event, Redemption or 
Purchase and Cancellation 
Upon the occurrence of an Early Redemption Trigger Date, a Maturity Date Liquidation Event or 
upon each Note of the Series being redeemed or purchased and cancelled, Conditions 8(a) (Final 
Redemption) to 8(q) (Redemption Following the Occurrence of an Event of Default) shall no 
longer apply to such Notes, provided that if the Early Redemption Trigger Date occurred as a 
result of any such Condition, that Condition shall continue to apply. 
9 
Calculations, Determinations, Rounding, Reference Rate Events and Original 
Collateral Disruption Events 
(a) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, any Final Redemption 
Amount, any Early Redemption Amount and any Instalment Amounts 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as is practicable on each Interest Determination Date and on 
each date the Calculation Agent is required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quotation 
or make any determination or calculation under the Conditions or any Transaction Document, as 
the case may be: 
(i) 
determine such rate and calculate the Interest Amounts for the relevant Interest Period and 
Interest Payment Date; 
(ii) 
calculate the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Instalment Amount or 
other amount; 
(iii) 
obtain such quotation and/or make such determination or calculation, as the case may be; 
and 
(iv) 
cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amounts for each Interest Period and the 
relevant Interest Payment Date and, if required to be calculated, any Final Redemption 
Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Instalment Amount or other amount, to be notified to 
the Trustee, the Issuer, each of the Paying Agents, the Noteholders and, if the Notes are 
listed on a stock exchange and the rules of such exchange so require, such exchange, as 
soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than (A) in the case of 
notification to such exchange of a Rate of Interest and Interest Amount, the 
commencement of the relevant Interest Period if determined prior to such time or (B) in all 
other cases, the earlier of the date on which any relevant payment is due (if determined 
prior to such time) and the fourth London Business Day after such determination. 
Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest Period End Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to 
a Business Day Convention, the Interest Amount(s) and the Interest Payment Date(s) so 
published may subsequently be amended by the Calculation Agent (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements made with the consent of the Trustee by way of adjustment) without notice in the 
event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period.

--- Page 164 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
164 
If, in respect of any due date for redemption, payment of the full amount of principal due for 
redemption is not made, no publication of the rates determined in accordance with this 
Condition 9(a) to be used in the calculation of any Default Interest need be made unless the 
Trustee notifies the Calculation Agent to the contrary in writing. The determination of any rate or 
amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each determination or calculation by 
the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final, conclusive and binding 
upon all Noteholders, Couponholders, Transaction Parties and all other parties. If the Calculation 
Agent at any time does not make any determination or calculation or take any action that it is 
required to do pursuant to the Conditions or any Transaction Document, it shall forthwith notify the 
Issuer, the Trustee, the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Swap Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty 
and the SL Counterparty. 
In making any calculation or determination, giving any notice or exercising any discretion, in each 
case under the Conditions or any Transaction Document, the Calculation Agent does not assume 
any responsibility or liability to anyone other than the Issuer for whom it acts as agent. In 
particular, the Calculation Agent assumes no responsibility to Noteholders, Couponholders, the 
Trustee or any other persons in respect of its role as Calculation Agent and, without limitation, 
shall not be liable for any loss (whether a loss of profit, loss of opportunity or consequential loss), 
cost, expense or any other damage suffered by any such person. 
The Calculation Agent shall not be liable to the Issuer for any errors in calculations or 
determinations made by it hereunder, or any failure to make, or delay in making, any calculations 
or determinations (irrespective of whether such error, failure or delay affects any other calculations 
or determinations made hereunder) in the manner required of it by the Conditions save that the 
Calculation Agent shall be liable to the Issuer (but not to any other person or persons, including 
Noteholders, Couponholders and the Trustee) where such error, failure or delay arose out of its 
negligence, fraud or wilful default. For this purpose, “negligence” shall not include operational 
delay or failure, save for where such operational delay or failure is such that no reasonable person 
performing functions similar to those of the Calculation Agent in comparable circumstances, and 
working within standard office hours, could have justified such delay. Notwithstanding anything to 
the contrary in the foregoing, it is explicitly acknowledged (and shall be taken into account in any 
determination of whether it has been negligent) that the Calculation Agent will also be performing 
calculations and other functions with respect to transactions other than the Notes and that it may 
make the calculations required by the Notes and other calculations and other functions required 
by such other transactions in such order as seems appropriate to it and shall not be liable for the 
order in which it elects to perform calculations or other functions or for any delay caused by 
electing to perform calculations and other functions for such other transactions prior to those in 
respect of the Notes.  
Where the Calculation Agent (acting in a commercially reasonable manner) determines that, as a 
result of market disruption, force majeure, systems failure or any other event of an analogous 
nature, it is unable to make a calculation or determination in the manner required by the 
Conditions or any Transaction Document, then the Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer thereof 
as soon as practicable, and the Calculation Agent shall not be liable for failure to make such 
calculation or determination in the required manner. 
Where the Calculation Agent (acting in a commercially reasonable manner) determines that (I) it 
has not received the necessary information from any person or other source that is expected to 
deliver or provide the same pursuant to the Conditions or any Transaction Document which 
means that it is unable to make a determination required of it in accordance with the Conditions or 
the provisions of a Transaction Document and/or (II) one or more provisions (including any 
mathematical terms and formulae) contained in the Conditions or any Transaction Document

--- Page 165 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
165 
appear to the Calculation Agent (taking into account the context of the transaction as a whole and 
its background understanding) to be erroneous on the basis that it is impossible to make such 
calculation or that such provisions produce a result that, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, is 
economically nonsensical, the Calculation Agent shall be permitted to make its determination on 
the basis of the provisions of the Conditions or such Transaction Document but may make such 
amendments thereto as, in its opinion, are necessary to cater for relevant circumstances falling 
under (I) and/or (II) above, provided always that in so doing the Calculation Agent acts in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
(b) 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to the Conditions (unless otherwise 
specified), (i) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to 
the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 of a percentage point 
being rounded up to 0.00001) and (ii) all currency amounts that fall due and payable shall be 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest unit of such currency (with one half of the lowest unit of the 
currency being rounded up, for example, GBP0.005 being rounded to GBP0.01), save in the case 
of Japanese yen or Korean won, which shall be rounded down to the nearest yen or won, 
respectively. For these purposes, “unit” means the lowest amount of such currency that is 
available as legal tender in the country(ies) of such currency (e.g. one cent or one pence). 
(c) 
Occurrence of a Reference Rate Event  
(i) 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Reference Rate Event has occurred in respect of 
a Series, it shall, as soon as reasonably practicable, deliver a notice to the Issuer (such 
notice, the “Reference Rate Event Notice”) (copied to the Issuing and Paying Agent, the 
Trustee, the Swap Counterparty and the Repo Counterparty), setting out a description in 
reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the determination that a Reference Rate Event has 
occurred, provided that no Reference Rate Event Notice shall be required to be delivered 
where the applicable Cut-off Date falls after the latest scheduled payment obligation of the 
Issuer under the Transaction Documents or the Reference Rate Event had occurred prior to 
the Issue Date. 
(ii) 
Following delivery of a Reference Rate Event Notice in respect of a Series, the Calculation 
Agent shall attempt to determine: 
(A) 
a Replacement Reference Rate; 
(B) 
an Adjustment Spread; and 
(C) 
such 
other 
adjustments 
(the 
“Replacement 
Reference 
Rate 
Ancillary 
Amendments”) to the Conditions (including, but not limited to, any Business Day, 
Business Day Convention, Day Count Fraction, Default Interest, Interest 
Determination Date, Interest Amount, Interest Payment Date, Interest Period, 
Interest Period End Date and Rate of Interest) which the Calculation Agent 
determines are necessary or appropriate in order to account for the effect of the 
replacement of the Reference Rate with the Replacement Reference Rate (as 
adjusted by the Adjustment Spread) and/or to preserve as closely as practicable the 
economic equivalence of the Notes before and after the replacement of the 
Reference Rate with the Replacement Reference Rate (as adjusted by the 
Adjustment Spread), 
(the amendments required to the Conditions to reflect paragraphs (A) to (C) together, the 
“Replacement Reference Rate Amendments”).

--- Page 166 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
166 
(iii) 
If the Calculation Agent determines a Replacement Reference Rate, an Adjustment Spread 
and the Replacement Reference Rate Ancillary Amendments pursuant to paragraph (ii) 
above, the Calculation Agent shall deliver: 
(A) 
a notice to the Issuer (such notice, the “Replacement Reference Rate Notice”) 
(copied to the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Trustee, the Swap Counterparty and 
the Repo Counterparty) which specifies any Replacement Reference Rate, any 
Adjustment Spread, the specific terms of any Replacement Reference Rate 
Amendments and the Cut-off Date; and 
(B) 
a certificate to the Trustee (such certificate, a “Replacement Reference Rate 
Amendments Certificate”): 
(I) 
specifying (w) the Reference Rate Event, (x) the Replacement Reference Rate, 
(y) the Adjustment Spread and (z) the specific terms of any Replacement 
Reference Rate Ancillary Amendments; and 
(II) 
certifying that the Replacement Reference Rate Ancillary Amendments are 
necessary or appropriate in order to account for the effect of the replacement 
of the Reference Rate with the Replacement Reference Rate (as adjusted by 
the Adjustment Spread) and/or to preserve as closely as practicable the 
economic equivalence of the Notes before and after the replacement of the 
Reference Rate with the Replacement Reference Rate (as adjusted by the 
Adjustment Spread). 
(iv) 
If either the Replacement Reference Rate Notice or the Replacement Reference Rate 
Amendments Certificate is not delivered at least two London Business Days before the Cut-
Off Date, Condition 8(n) (Redemption Following Reference Rate Event) shall apply. 
(v) 
If the Issuer receives a Replacement Reference Rate Notice from the Calculation Agent at 
least two London Business Days before the Cut-Off Date, it shall, without the consent of the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders, promptly make the Replacement Reference Rate 
Amendments, which amendments will take effect from the Cut-off Date (and the 
amendments effected by any amendment deed entered into following such date shall be 
expressed as taking effect as of the Cut-off Date). For the avoidance of doubt, references 
to the Reference Rate in the Notes and the Transaction Documents will be replaced by 
references to the Replacement Reference Rate as adjusted by the Adjustment Spread 
(provided that the Replacement Reference Rate, after application of the Adjustment 
Spread, may not be less than zero). 
The Trustee may rely, without further enquiry and without liability to any person for so 
doing, on a Replacement Reference Rate Amendments Certificate. Upon receipt of a 
Replacement Reference Rate Amendments Certificate, the Trustee shall agree to the 
Replacement Reference Rate Amendments without seeking the consent of the 
Noteholders, the Couponholders or any other party and concur with the Issuer (at the 
Issuer’s expense) in effecting the Replacement Reference Rate Amendments (including, 
inter alia, by the execution of a deed supplemental to or amending the Trust Deed), 
provided that the Trustee shall not be required to agree to the Replacement Reference 
Rate Amendments if, in the opinion of the Trustee (acting reasonably), the Replacement 
Reference Rate Amendments would (I) expose the Trustee to any liability against which it 
has not been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction or (II) impose 
more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties or responsibilities or 
reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded to the Trustee in the Conditions or any 
Transaction Document of any Series.

--- Page 167 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
167 
(vi) 
The Issuer shall, promptly following the Replacement Reference Rate Amendments having 
been made, deliver a notice containing the details of the Replacement Reference Rate 
Amendments to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 23 (Notices). 
(vii) 
Neither the Calculation Agent nor the Trustee shall have any duty to monitor, enquire or 
satisfy itself as to whether any Reference Rate Event has occurred. The Calculation Agent 
shall not have any liability for giving or not giving any notice to the Issuer that a Reference 
Rate Event has occurred. 
(viii) 
Any Replacement Reference Rate Amendments will be binding on the Issuer, the 
Transaction Parties, the Noteholders and the Couponholders. 
(d) 
Specific Provisions for Certain Reference Rates 
With respect to a Reference Rate that would (i) if ISDA Rate: 2006 ISDA Definitions is applicable, 
constitute a “Relevant Benchmark” for the purposes of the 2006 ISDA Definitions Benchmarks 
Annex as published by ISDA or (ii) if ISDA Rate: 2021 ISDA Definitions is applicable, constitute an 
“Applicable Benchmark” for the purposes of the 2021 ISDA Definitions, if the definition of such 
Reference Rate includes a reference to a concept defined or otherwise described as an “index 
cessation event” (regardless of the contents of that definition or description) then, for the purposes 
of determining any Replacement Reference Rate and Adjustment Spread pursuant to Condition 
9(c)(ii) and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Conditions, upon the occurrence of 
such an event, any fallback specified in that definition or description to apply following such an 
event (the “Priority Fallback”) shall be taken into account by the Calculation Agent when making 
its determinations in accordance with Condition 9(c)(ii).  
(e) 
Interim Measures 
If, following a Reference Rate Event, the relevant Reference Rate is required for any 
determination in respect of the Notes and, at that time: 
(i) 
no amendments have occurred in accordance with Conditions 9(c) (Occurrence of a 
Reference Rate Event); and 
(ii) 
an Early Redemption Trigger Date has not occurred pursuant to Condition 8(n) 
(Redemption Following Reference Rate Event), 
then, for the purposes of that determination: 
(A) 
if the Reference Rate is still available and representative (in relation to a Reference Rate 
Cessation), the Administrator/Benchmark Event Date has not yet occurred (in relation to an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event), the Risk-Free Rate Event Date has not yet occurred (in 
relation to a Risk-Free Rate Event) or the Representative Statement Event Date has not yet 
occurred (in relation to a Representative Statement Event) or the Material Change Event 
Date has not yet occurred (in relation to a Material Change Event), the level of the 
Reference Rate shall be determined pursuant to the terms that would apply to the 
determination of the Reference Rate as if no Reference Rate Event had occurred; or 
(B) 
if the level for the Reference Rate cannot be determined under paragraph (A) above, the 
level of the Reference Rate shall be determined by reference to the rate published in 
respect of the Reference Rate at the time at which the Reference Rate is ordinarily 
determined on (I) the day on which the Reference Rate ceased to be available or 
representative (in relation to a Reference Rate Cessation), (II) the Administrator/Benchmark 
Event Date (in relation to an Administrator/Benchmark Event), (III) the Risk-Free Rate 
Event Date (in relation to a Risk-Free Rate Event), (IV) the Representative Statement Event 
Date (in relation to a Representative Statement Event) or (V) the Material Change Event

--- Page 168 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
168 
Date (in relation to a Material Change Event) or, if no rate is published at that time, that rate 
is non-representative or that rate cannot be used in accordance with applicable law or 
regulation, by reference to the rate published at that time on the last day on which the rate 
was published or can be used in accordance with applicable law or regulation, as 
applicable. 
(f) 
Calculation Agent Determination Standard 
Whenever the Calculation Agent is required to act, make a determination or to exercise judgment 
in any way under Condition 9(c) (Occurrence of a Reference Rate Event), without prejudice to 
Condition 9(c)(vii), it will do so in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and in 
accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
(g) 
Separate Application of Fallbacks 
If, in respect of a Series, there is more than one Reference Rate, then Conditions 9(c) 
(Occurrence of a Reference Rate Event) and 9(d) (Specific Provisions for Certain Reference 
Rates) shall apply separately to each such Reference Rate. For the avoidance of doubt, any Early 
Redemption Trigger Date that occurs pursuant to Condition 8(n) (Redemption Following 
Reference Rate Event) in respect of such Series will apply to the whole Series. 
(h) 
Acknowledgement in respect of Reference Rate Modification 
If “Material Change Event” is not specified as being applicable in the Accessory Conditions and, in 
respect of a Series, the definition, methodology or formula for a Reference Rate, or other means 
of calculating such Reference Rate, is changed, then references to that Reference Rate shall be 
to the Reference Rate as changed unless, with respect to Notes issued by way of Pricing Terms 
only, otherwise specified in the applicable Pricing Terms. 
(i) 
Occurrence of an Original Collateral Disruption Event 
(i) 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Original Collateral Disruption Event has 
occurred in respect of a Series, it shall, as soon as reasonably practicable, deliver a notice 
to the Issuer (copied to the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Trustee, the Swap Counterparty, 
the Repo Counterparty and the SL Counterparty), setting out a description in reasonable 
detail of the facts relevant to the determination that an Original Collateral Disruption Event 
has occurred and: 
(A) 
confirming that no amendments will be made to the Notes as a result of such 
Original Collateral Disruption Event (an “Original Collateral Disruption Event No 
Action Notice”); or 
(B) 
specifying that amendments will be made to the Conditions, the Swap Agreement, 
the Repo Agreement and the SL Agreement (the “Original Collateral Disruption 
Event Amendments”) and setting out a description in reasonable detail of such 
amendments (an “Original Collateral Disruption Event Amendment Notice”); or 
(C) 
specifying that the Notes will be redeemed (an “Original Collateral Disruption 
Event Redemption Notice”). 
(ii) 
If the Issuer receives an Original Collateral Disruption Event Amendment Notice from the 
Calculation Agent, it shall, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, 
promptly make the Original Collateral Disruption Event Amendments, provided that: 
(A) 
no Early Redemption Trigger Date or Early Redemption Date has occurred in 
respect of the Notes;

--- Page 169 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
169 
(B) 
the purpose of the Original Collateral Disruption Event Amendments is to account for 
any Original Collateral Disruption Event Losses/Gains incurred by the Swap 
Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty and/or the SL Counterparty; and 
(C) 
the Calculation Agent certifies in writing (such certificate, an “Original Collateral 
Disruption Event Amendments Certificate”) to the Trustee that the purpose of the 
Original Collateral Disruption Event Amendments is solely as set out in paragraph 
(B) above.  
The Trustee may rely, without further enquiry and without liability to any person for so 
doing, on an Original Collateral Disruption Event Amendments Certificate. Upon receipt of 
an Original Collateral Disruption Event Amendments Certificate, the Trustee shall agree to 
the Original Collateral Disruption Event Amendments without seeking the consent of the 
Noteholders, the Couponholders or any other party and concur with the Issuer (at the 
Issuer’s expense) in effecting the Original Collateral Disruption Event Amendments 
(including, inter alia, by the execution of a deed supplemental to or amending the Trust 
Deed), provided that the Trustee shall not be required to agree to the Original Collateral 
Disruption Event Amendments if, in the opinion of the Trustee (acting reasonably), the 
Original Collateral Disruption Event Amendments would (x) expose the Trustee to any 
liability against which it has not been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its 
satisfaction or (y) impose more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional 
duties or responsibilities or reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded to the 
Trustee in the Conditions or any Transaction Document of any Series. 
(iii) 
The Issuer shall, promptly following making the Original Collateral Disruption Event 
Amendments, deliver a notice containing the details of the Original Collateral Disruption 
Event Amendments to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 23 (Notices). 
(iv) 
Neither the Calculation Agent nor the Trustee shall have any duty to monitor, enquire or 
satisfy itself as to whether any Original Collateral Disruption Event has occurred. The 
Calculation Agent shall not have any liability for giving or not giving any notice in respect of 
an Original Collateral Disruption Event.  
(v) 
Any Original Collateral Disruption Event Amendments will be binding on the Issuer, the 
Transaction Parties, the Noteholders and the Couponholders. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if, for a Series, any Original Collateral Disruption Event 
Losses/Gains are: 
(A) 
a negative amount, such Original Collateral Disruption Event Losses/Gains may be 
accounted for by reducing the interest amount and/or principal amount payable (in 
each case subject to a minimum of zero) pursuant to the Notes for the Series; or 
(B) 
a positive amount, such Original Collateral Disruption Event Losses/Gains may be 
accounted for by increasing the interest amount and/or principal amount payable 
pursuant to the Notes for the Series. 
10 Payments and Talons 
(a) 
Definitive Bearer Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Definitive Bearer Notes shall, subject as 
mentioned below, be made against presentation and surrender of the relevant Receipts (in the 
case of payments of Instalment Amounts other than on the due date for redemption and provided 
that the Receipt is presented for payment together with its related Definitive Bearer Note),

--- Page 170 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
170 
Definitive Bearer Notes (in the case of all other payments of principal and, in the case of interest, 
as specified in Condition 10(f)(v) (Unmatured Coupons and Receipts, and Unexchanged Talons)) 
or Coupons (in the case of interest, save as specified in Condition 10(f)(v) (Unmatured Coupons 
and Receipts, and Unexchanged Talons)), as the case may be, at the Specified Office of any 
Paying Agent outside the United States by transfer to an account denominated in such currency 
with a Bank nominated by such holder presenting such Definitive Bearer Note, Receipts and/or 
Coupons, as the case may be. In this Condition 10(a), “Bank” means a bank in the principal 
financial centre for such currency or, in the case of euro, in a city in which banks have access to 
the TARGET System. 
(b) 
Global Notes 
Any payments that are made in respect of a Global Note shall be made to its holder against 
presentation and (if no further payment falls to be made on it) surrender of it to or to the order of 
the Issuing and Paying Agent. 
If any payment of principal is made in full in respect of any Note represented by a Temporary 
Global Note, the portion of such Temporary Global Note representing such Note shall be 
cancelled and the amount so cancelled shall be endorsed by or on behalf of the Issuing and 
Paying Agent on the first schedule thereto (Principal amount of Notes represented by this 
Temporary Global Note) (such endorsement being prima facie evidence that the payment in 
question has been made) whereupon the principal amount of the Temporary Global Note shall be 
reduced for all purposes by the amount so cancelled and endorsed. 
If any payments are made in respect of the Notes represented by a Global Note (excluding 
payments of principal in respect of any Note represented by a Temporary Global Note), a record 
of each such payment shall be endorsed by or on behalf of the Issuing and Paying Agent on a 
schedule thereto (such endorsement being prima facie evidence that the payment in question has 
been made). 
No person shall be entitled to receive any payment in respect of the Notes represented by a 
Temporary Global Note that falls due on or after the TGN Exchange Date for such Notes unless, 
upon due presentation of such Temporary Global Note for exchange, delivery of (or, in the case of 
a subsequent exchange, due endorsement of) a Permanent Global Note or delivery of Definitive 
Bearer Notes, as the case may be, is improperly withheld or refused by or on behalf of the Issuer. 
Payments due in respect of a D Rules Note before the TGN Exchange Date shall only be made in 
relation to such principal amount of the Temporary Global Note with respect to which there shall 
have been Certification dated no earlier than such due date for payment. 
No person shall be entitled to receive any payment in respect of the Notes represented by a 
Permanent Global Note that falls due after the PGN Exchange Date for such Notes unless, upon 
due presentation of such Permanent Global Note for exchange, delivery of Definitive Bearer Notes 
is improperly withheld or refused by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Issuer does not perform or 
comply with any one or more of what are expressed to be its obligations under any Definitive 
Bearer Notes. 
(c) 
Registered Notes 
(i) 
Payments of principal (which for the purposes of this Condition 10(c) shall include final 
Instalment Amounts but not other Instalment Amounts) in respect of Definitive Registered 
Notes shall be made against presentation and surrender of the relevant Certificates at the 
Specified Office of any of the Transfer Agents or of the Registrar and in the manner 
provided in paragraph (ii) below.

--- Page 171 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
171 
(ii) 
Interest (which for the purposes of this Condition 10(c) shall include all Instalment Amounts 
other than final Instalment Amounts) on Definitive Registered Notes shall be paid to the 
person shown on the Register at the close of business on the 15th day before the due date 
for payment thereof (the “Record Date”). Payments of interest on each Definitive 
Registered Note shall be made in the relevant currency by transfer to an account 
nominated by such person shown in the Register in the relevant currency maintained by the 
payee with a Bank. 
(iii) 
Each payment in respect of Registered Notes represented by a Global Certificate will be 
made to, or to the order of, the person whose name is entered on the Register at the close 
of business on the Clearing System Business Day immediately prior to the date for 
payment, where “Clearing System Business Day” means Monday to Friday inclusive 
except 25 December and 1 January. 
(d) 
Payments in the United States 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Definitive Bearer Notes are denominated in U.S. dollars, 
payments in respect thereof may be made at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent in New 
York City in the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents 
with Specified Offices outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying 
Agents would be able to make payment of the amounts on the Notes in the manner provided 
above when due, (ii) payment in full of such amounts at all such offices is illegal or effectively 
precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such 
amounts and (iii) such payment is then permitted by United States law, without involving, in the 
opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to the Issuer. 
(e) 
Payments Subject to Fiscal Laws 
All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and 
directives in the place of payment. No commission or expenses shall be charged to the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons and Receipts, and Unexchanged Talons 
(i) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Definitive Bearer Note, unmatured Coupons 
relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be 
made in respect of them. 
(ii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Definitive Bearer Note, any unexchanged Talon 
relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be 
delivered in respect of such Talon. 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Definitive Bearer Note which is redeemable in 
instalments, all Receipts relating to such Note having an Instalment Date falling on or after 
such due date (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made 
in respect of them. 
(iv) 
Where any Definitive Bearer Note that provides that the relative unmatured Receipts and/or 
Coupons are to become void upon the due date for redemption of these Notes is presented 
for redemption without all unmatured Receipts, unmatured Coupons, and where any 
Definitive Bearer Note is presented for redemption without any unexchanged Talon relating 
to it, redemption shall be made only against the provisions of such indemnity as the Issuer 
may require. 
(v) 
If the due date for redemption of any Note (other than a Registered Note represented by a 
Global Certificate) is not a due date for payment of interest, interest accrued from the

--- Page 172 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
172 
preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest Commencement Date, as the 
case may be, shall only be payable against presentation (and surrender if appropriate) of 
the relevant Bearer Note or Certificate representing it, as the case may be. 
(vi) 
Default Interest on any Note (other than a Registered Note represented by a Global 
Certificate) shall only be payable against presentation (and surrender if appropriate) of the 
relevant Bearer Note or Certificate representing it, as the case may be. 
(g) 
Talons 
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet issued 
in respect of any Definitive Bearer Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be 
surrendered at the Specified Office of the Issuing and Paying Agent in exchange for a further 
Coupon sheet (and if necessary another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any 
Coupons that may have become void pursuant to Condition 18 (Prescription)). 
(h) 
Non-Business Days 
If any day on which a payment is due in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon is not a Business 
Day, the holder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Business Day, nor to any 
interest or other sum in respect of such postponed or adjusted date of payment.  
11 Agents 
(a) 
Appointment of Agents and Custodian 
The Issuing and Paying Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agents, the 
Custodian, the Disposal Agent and the Calculation Agent initially appointed by the Issuer and their 
respective Specified Offices are listed in the applicable Accessory Conditions. Subject to the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement and the Custody Agreement, the Issuing and Paying Agent, 
the Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agents, the Custodian, the Disposal Agent and the 
Calculation Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligation or 
relationship of agency or trust for or with any Noteholder or Couponholder. The Issuer reserves 
the right at any time with the approval of the Trustee (except that, subject to Conditions 11(b)(ii)(B) 
(Calculation Agent Appointment, Termination and Replacement) and 11(c)(ii)(B) (Disposal Agent 
Appointment, Termination and Replacement), the approval of the Trustee shall not be required for 
the appointment of a replacement Disposal Agent or Calculation Agent where Noteholders have 
directed the Issuer to appoint such replacement pursuant to this Condition 11) to vary or terminate 
the appointment of the Issuing and Paying Agent, any other Paying Agent, the Registrar, any 
Transfer Agent, the Custodian, the Disposal Agent or the Calculation Agent and to appoint 
additional or other Paying Agents, Transfer Agents, Custodian(s), Disposal Agent(s), Calculation 
Agent(s) or such other agents as may be required, provided that the Issuer shall, at all times, 
maintain (i) an Issuing and Paying Agent, (ii) a Registrar in relation to Registered Notes, (iii) a 
Transfer Agent in relation to Registered Notes, (iv) a Disposal Agent, (v) a Calculation Agent, (vi) 
a Custodian and (vii) such other agents as may be required by any other stock exchange on which 
the Notes may be listed, in each case as approved by the Trustee (subject as provided above). 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of any 
Definitive Bearer Notes denominated in U.S. dollars in the circumstances described in Condition 
10(d) (Payments in the United States). 
To the extent practicable, the Issuer shall give at least 14 days’ prior notice to the Noteholders of 
any future appointment, resignation or removal of an Agent or the Custodian or of any change by 
an Agent or the Custodian of its Specified Office in accordance with Condition 23 (Notices).

--- Page 173 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
173 
(b) 
Calculation Agent Appointment, Termination and Replacement 
Subject to the automatic termination of the appointment of the Calculation Agent as a result of the 
occurrence of a Calculation Agent Bankruptcy Event, the Issuer shall procure that there shall, at 
all times, be a Calculation Agent for so long as any Note is outstanding. Without prejudice to 
Condition 9(a) (Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, any Final 
Redemption Amount, any Early Redemption Amount and any Instalment Amounts), if (x) the 
Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Period or to calculate 
any Interest Amount, Instalment Amount, Final Redemption Amount or Early Redemption Amount 
or to make any other calculation or determination required of it under the Conditions or the Agency 
Agreement or any other Transaction Document, as the case may be, or fails to comply with any 
other material requirement under the Conditions, the Agency Agreement or any other Transaction 
Document and, in each case, such failure has not been remedied within a reasonable period or (y) 
a Calculation Agent Bankruptcy Event occurs, then: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours (provided it has funds available for such 
purpose) (with the prior approval of the Trustee and, provided no Event of Default (as 
defined in the Swap Agreement for the Series) has occurred with respect to the Swap 
Counterparty in accordance with the terms of the Swap Agreement for the Series, the Swap 
Counterparty and, provided no Event of Default (as defined in the Repo Agreement for the 
Series) has occurred with respect to the Repo Counterparty in accordance with the terms of 
the Repo Agreement for the Series, the Repo Counterparty and, provided no Event of 
Default (as defined in the SL Agreement for the Series) has occurred with respect to the SL 
Counterparty in accordance with the terms of the SL Agreement for the Series, the SL 
Counterparty) to appoint a leading bank or financial institution engaged in the interbank 
market or other appropriate market that is most closely connected with the calculation(s) 
and/or determination(s) to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting through its principal 
London office or any other office actively involved in such market) to act as such in its 
place, provided that the terms of such appointment are substantially the same as the terms 
on which the outgoing Calculation Agent is appointed; or 
(ii) 
if a Calculation Agent Bankruptcy Event has occurred, and if the Issuer has been directed 
by an Extraordinary Resolution that the Issuer appoint a replacement Calculation Agent, the 
Issuer shall, provided that (A) such replacement is a financial institution of international 
repute that satisfies the Trustee’s “know your customer” requirements, (B) the terms of 
such appointment are substantially the same as the terms on which the outgoing 
Calculation Agent is appointed (and if any difference in such terms (in the opinion of the 
Trustee or any Agent or the Custodian (as applicable)) adversely affects the terms on which 
the Trustee or any other Agent or the Custodian is appointed, the prior written consent of 
each such affected party has also been obtained by the Issuer (such consent not to be 
unreasonably withheld or delayed)), and (C) the Issuer has been indemnified and/or 
secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction for any initial or ongoing costs, charges, fees 
and/or expenses the Issuer may incur in connection with the appointment of a replacement 
calculation agent (whether by one or more Noteholders, a Secured Creditor or any other 
third party), use reasonable endeavours (provided it has funds available for such purpose) 
to appoint the person nominated in such Extraordinary Resolution as calculation agent in 
respect of the Notes. 
(c) 
Disposal Agent Appointment, Termination and Replacement 
Subject to the automatic termination of the appointment of the Disposal Agent as a result of the 
occurrence of a Disposal Agent Bankruptcy Event, the Issuer shall procure that there shall, at all 
times, be a Disposal Agent for so long as any Note is outstanding. If (x) the Disposal Agent fails

--- Page 174 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
174 
duly to establish any rate, amount or value required to be determined by it under the Conditions or 
the Agency Agreement or any other Transaction Document or to take the steps required of it 
under the Conditions or the Agency Agreement to Liquidate the Collateral, as the case may be, or 
fails to comply with any other material requirement under the Conditions, the Agency Agreement 
or any other Transaction Document and, in each case, such failure has not been remedied within 
a reasonable period or (y) a Disposal Agent Bankruptcy Event occurs, then: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours (provided it has funds available for such 
purpose) (with the prior approval of the Trustee and, provided no Event of Default (as 
defined in the Swap Agreement for the Series) has occurred with respect to the Swap 
Counterparty in accordance with the terms of the Swap Agreement for the Series, the Swap 
Counterparty and, provided no Event of Default (as defined in the Repo Agreement for the 
Series) has occurred with respect to the Repo Counterparty in accordance with the terms of 
the Repo Agreement for the Series, the Repo Counterparty and, provided no Event of 
Default (as defined in the SL Agreement for the Series) has occurred with respect to the SL 
Counterparty in accordance with the terms of the SL Agreement for the Series, the SL 
Counterparty) to appoint a leading bank or financial institution engaged in the interbank 
market or other appropriate market to act as such in its place, provided that the terms of 
such appointment are substantially the same as the terms on which the outgoing Disposal 
Agent is appointed; or 
(ii) 
if a Disposal Agent Bankruptcy Event has occurred, and if the Issuer has been directed by 
an Extraordinary Resolution that the Issuer appoint a replacement Disposal Agent, the 
Issuer shall, provided that (A) such replacement is a financial institution of international 
repute that satisfies the Trustee’s “know your customer” requirements, (B) the terms of 
such appointment are substantially the same as the terms on which the outgoing Disposal 
Agent is appointed (and if any difference in such terms (in the opinion of the Trustee or any 
Agent or the Custodian (as applicable)) adversely affects the terms on which the Trustee or 
any other Agent or the Custodian is appointed, the prior written consent of each such 
affected party has also been obtained by the Issuer (such consent not to be unreasonably 
withheld or delayed)), and (C) the Issuer has been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-
funded to its satisfaction for any initial or ongoing costs, charges, fees and/or expenses the 
Issuer may incur in connection with the appointment of a replacement disposal agent 
(whether by one or more Noteholders, a Secured Creditor or any other third party), use 
reasonable endeavours (provided it has funds available for such purpose) to appoint the 
person nominated in such Extraordinary Resolution as disposal agent in respect of the 
Notes. 
(d) 
Replacement of Custodian and/or Issuing and Paying Agent upon Failure to Satisfy 
Required Ratings 
If the Custodian or the Issuing and Paying Agent (each, a “Rated Entity”) fails to maintain the 
Required Ratings or ceases to be rated by S&P or Moody’s, Clause 33.3 (Ratings) of the Custody 
Agreement or Clause 18.6 (Ratings) of the Agency Agreement shall apply (as applicable) and the 
Rated Entity’s appointment may be terminated at the election of the Issuer, the Swap 
Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty or the SL Counterparty and shall be terminated if the Issuer 
is so directed by the Noteholders acting by an Extraordinary Resolution (provided that, for this 
purpose, the Extraordinary Resolution must be passed by holders of 100 per cent. of the 
aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding). 
The Issuer shall use all reasonable endeavours to procure the replacement of the Rated Entity 
which will occur not earlier than the date falling 33 calendar days following the date on which (i) 
the Issuer, the Swap Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty or the SL Counterparty elected that the

--- Page 175 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
175 
Rated Entity’s appointment should be terminated or (ii) the Issuer was directed by the Noteholders 
acting by an Extraordinary Resolution (provided that, for this purpose, the Extraordinary 
Resolution must be passed by holders of 100 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of the 
Notes then outstanding) to terminate the appointment of the Rated Entity provided that such 
replacement (A) is a financial institution of international repute, (B) has the Required Ratings and 
(C) is appointed on terms substantially similar to the terms on which the outgoing Rated Entity 
was appointed. 
The termination of a Rated Entity’s appointment pursuant to Clause 33.3 (Ratings) of the Custody 
Agreement or Clause 18.6 (Ratings) of the Agency Agreement shall not take effect: 
(i) 
until a replacement Rated Entity has been appointed; and 
(ii) 
if there would cease to be Rated Entity as required by the Conditions or by any relevant 
stock exchange as a result of such termination. 
(e) 
Replacement of Calculation Agent and Disposal Agent upon a Swap Counterparty 
Replacement 
If, following the termination of the Swap Agreement and entry into a new Swap Agreement with an 
alternative Programme Swap Counterparty in accordance with Condition 20 (Replacement of 
Swap Counterparty), the appointment of each of the Calculation Agent and the Disposal Agent 
has not been automatically terminated as a result of the occurrence of a Calculation Agent 
Bankruptcy Event or a Disposal Agent Bankruptcy Event (as applicable), such appointments shall, 
to the extent that the entity performing such role is, or is an Affiliate of, the original Swap 
Counterparty, be terminated and the replacement Swap Counterparty (or, if such entity is not a 
Programme Calculation Agent or a Programme Disposal Agent, an affiliated Programme 
Calculation Agent and Programme Disposal Agent (as applicable)), shall be appointed as the new 
Calculation Agent and Disposal Agent. 
12 Taxation 
(a) 
Withholding or Deductions on Payments in respect of the Notes  
Without prejudice to Condition 8(d) (Redemption for Taxation Reasons), all payments in respect of 
the Notes will be made subject to any withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present 
or future taxes, duties or charges of whatsoever nature that the Issuer, the Trustee or any Agent is 
required by applicable law to make. In that event, the Issuer, the Trustee or such Agent shall 
make such payment after such withholding or deduction has been made and shall account to the 
relevant authorities for the amount(s) so required to be withheld or deducted. None of the Issuer, 
the Trustee or any Agent will be obliged to make any additional payments to Noteholders in 
respect of such withholding or deduction. For the purposes of this Condition 12(a), any withholding 
required by an Information Reporting Regime shall be deemed to be required by applicable law. 
(b) 
Provision of Information 
Each Noteholder, Couponholder and beneficial owner of Notes shall, within 10 London Business 
Days of the Issuer giving a request in accordance with Condition 23 (Notices) or receipt of a 
request from any agent acting on behalf of the Issuer, supply to the Issuer and/or any agent acting 
on behalf of the Issuer such forms, documentation and other information relating to such 
Noteholder’s, Couponholder’s or beneficial owner’s status under any Applicable Law (including, 
without limitation, any Information Reporting Regime) or any agreement entered into by the Issuer 
pursuant thereto as the Issuer and/or any agent acting on behalf of the Issuer reasonably requests 
for the purposes of the Issuer’s, SPIRE’s or such agent’s compliance with such law or agreement 
and such Noteholder, Couponholder or beneficial owner shall notify the Issuer and/or any agent

--- Page 176 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
176 
acting on behalf of the Issuer (as applicable) reasonably promptly if it becomes aware that any of 
the forms, documentation or other information provided by such Noteholder, Couponholder or 
beneficial owner is (or becomes) inaccurate in any material respect; provided, however, that no 
Noteholder, Couponholder or beneficial owner shall be required to provide any forms, 
documentation or other information pursuant to this Condition 12(b) to the extent that: 
(i) 
any such form, documentation or other information (or the information required to be 
provided on such form or documentation) is not reasonably available to such Noteholder, 
Couponholder or beneficial owner and cannot be obtained by such Noteholder, 
Couponholder or beneficial owner using reasonable efforts; or 
(ii) 
doing so would or might in the reasonable opinion of such Noteholder, Couponholder or 
beneficial owner constitute a breach of any (A) Applicable Law, (B) fiduciary duty or (C) 
duty of confidentiality, 
and, in each case, such Noteholder, Couponholder or beneficial owner promptly provides written 
notice to the Issuer and/or any agent acting on behalf of the Issuer (as applicable) stating that it is 
unable to comply with the Issuer’s and/or such agent’s request and the reason for such inability to 
comply.  
The Issuer and its duly authorised agents and delegates may disclose the forms, documentation 
and other information provided to the Issuer and/or any agent acting on behalf of the Issuer (as 
applicable) pursuant to this Condition 12(b) to any taxation or other governmental authority. 
For the purposes of this Condition 12(b), “Applicable Law” shall be deemed to include (A) any 
rule or practice of any Authority by which the Issuer or any agent on behalf of the Issuer is bound 
or with which it is accustomed to comply, (B) any agreement between any Authorities and (C) any 
agreement between any Authority and the Issuer or any agent on behalf of the Issuer that is 
customarily entered into by institutions of a similar nature.  
(c) 
U.S. Withholding Notes  
Without prejudice to Condition 12(b) (Provision of Information), and in order to mitigate the risk of 
U.S. withholding tax applying with respect to U.S. Withholding Notes, each Noteholder, 
Couponholder and beneficial owner of U.S. Withholding Notes shall supply to the applicable 
withholding agent, which may include the Issuer and/or any agent acting on behalf of the Issuer or 
any intermediary through which a Note is held, a properly completed IRS Form W-9 or IRS Form 
W-8 or other documentation that will allow the withholding agent to make payments on the Notes 
without any deduction or withholding for or on account of any U.S. withholding tax imposed under 
Sections 871 or 881 (other than Section 871(m)) or Section 3406 (relating to backup withholding), 
or any successor provisions, of the Code, and such Noteholder, Couponholder or beneficial owner 
shall reasonably promptly (i) notify the applicable withholding agent if it becomes aware that any 
of the forms, documentation or other information provided by such Noteholder, Couponholder or 
beneficial owner is (or becomes) inaccurate in any material respect and (ii) provide a replacement 
form or other documentation or information. 
Payments made or deemed made or accrued on U.S. Withholding Notes will be treated as subject 
to U.S. withholding tax to the extent they would have been so subject if the Notes had been issued 
by a U.S. Person. For the purposes of Condition 12(a) (Withholding or Deductions on Payments in 
respect of the Notes), any U.S. withholding tax required on such payments as a result of such 
treatment shall be deemed to be required by applicable law 
U.S. Withholding Notes may be issued solely as Registered Notes. If a substitution or change in 
the composition of the Collateral for a Series occurs (whether pursuant to Condition 5(c) 
(Substitution of Original Collateral) or as a result of a delivery pursuant to the Swap Agreement,

--- Page 177 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
177 
the Repo Agreement or the SL Agreement for the Series) in respect of a U.S. Withholding Note, 
the Note will be treated as if newly issued for purposes of this Condition 12. 
(d) 
FATCA Amendments 
Each Noteholder, Couponholder and beneficial owner of the Notes further agrees and consents 
that, in respect of applicable Information Reporting Regimes, the Issuer may (i) comply with the 
terms of any intergovernmental agreement between the U.S. and another jurisdiction with respect 
to FATCA or any legislation implementing such an intergovernmental agreement, (ii) enter into an 
agreement with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service or (iii) comply with other legislation or 
agreements under an applicable Information Reporting Regime, in each case, in such form as 
may be required to avoid the imposition of withholding on payments made to the Issuer, or fines or 
penalties that would be suffered by the Issuer, under an applicable Information Reporting Regime.  
In connection therewith, the Issuer may, without the consent of the Noteholders, the 
Couponholders or any beneficial owner of the Notes, make such amendments to the Conditions 
and/or the Transaction Documents (except for the Programme Deed) as it determines necessary 
to enable the Issuer to enter into, or comply with the terms of, any such agreement or legislation 
(such amendments, the “FATCA Amendments”), provided that:  
(A) 
the FATCA Amendments are agreed to by each party to the affected Transaction 
Documents (in each case, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) and 
the Trustee; 
(B) 
the FATCA Amendments do not require a special quorum resolution; and 
(C) 
the Issuer certifies in writing (such certificate, a “FATCA Amendments Certificate”) to the 
Trustee and each party to the affected Transaction Documents that the FATCA 
Amendments (I) are necessary to avoid the imposition of withholding on payments made to 
the Issuer, or fines or penalties that would be suffered by the Issuer, under an applicable 
Information Reporting Regime and (II) do not require a special quorum resolution.  
The Trustee may rely, without further enquiry and without liability to any person for so doing, on a 
FATCA Amendments Certificate. Upon receipt of a FATCA Amendments Certificate, the Trustee 
shall agree to the FATCA Amendments without seeking the consent of the Noteholders, the 
Couponholders or any other party and concur with the Issuer (at the Issuer’s expense) in effecting 
the FATCA Amendments (including, inter alia, by the execution of a deed supplemental to or 
amending the Trust Deed), provided that the Trustee shall not be required to agree to the FATCA 
Amendments if, in the opinion of the Trustee (acting reasonably), the FATCA Amendments would 
(x) expose the Trustee to any liability against which it has not been indemnified and/or secured 
and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction or (y) impose more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to 
any additional duties or responsibilities or reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded to 
the Trustee in the Conditions or any Transaction Document of any Series. 
13 Liquidation 
(a) 
Liquidation Event 
Upon the Issuer becoming aware of the occurrence of a Liquidation Event, it shall give a 
Liquidation Commencement Notice to the Disposal Agent (copied to each of the other Transaction 
Parties) as soon as is practicable.  
Upon the Trustee becoming aware of the occurrence of a Liquidation Event, the Trustee may, and 
upon it being directed by an Extraordinary Resolution or in writing by the Swap Counterparty, the 
Repo Counterparty or the SL Counterparty (whichever shall be the first to so direct) that a

--- Page 178 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
178 
Liquidation Event has occurred, the Trustee shall, give notice of the same to the Issuer. If the 
Issuer does not give a Liquidation Commencement Notice to the Disposal Agent (copied to each 
of the other Transaction Parties) within two Luxembourg Business Days following receipt of notice 
from the Trustee, the Trustee shall (provided that the Trustee shall have been indemnified and/or 
secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction) give a Liquidation Commencement Notice to the 
Disposal Agent (copied to each of the other Transaction Parties) that a Liquidation Event has 
occurred as soon as is practicable.  
If at the time a Liquidation Commencement Notice is given there is no Calculation Agent or 
Disposal Agent, then, if a replacement Calculation Agent or Disposal Agent (as applicable) is 
appointed pursuant to Condition 11 (Agents), such notice shall be provided to such replacement 
Calculation Agent or Disposal Agent (if any) upon its appointment as Calculation Agent or 
Disposal Agent (as applicable). 
Neither the Disposal Agent nor the Trustee shall have any duty to monitor, enquire or satisfy itself 
as to whether a Liquidation Event has occurred. Prior to receipt by it of a Liquidation 
Commencement Notice, the Disposal Agent may assume that no Liquidation Event has occurred. 
Prior to receipt by it of a Liquidation Commencement Notice or a direction from the Noteholders 
(acting by Extraordinary Resolution), the Swap Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty or the SL 
Counterparty, the Trustee may assume that no Liquidation Event has occurred. Subject to the 
Trust Deed, the Trustee shall have no obligation, responsibility or liability to any person for giving 
a Liquidation Commencement Notice in accordance with this Condition 13(a). 
The Disposal Agent shall be entitled to rely on a Liquidation Commencement Notice without 
investigation of whether the relevant Liquidation Event has occurred.  
The Trustee shall have no responsibility or liability for the performance or any failure or delay in 
the performance by the Disposal Agent of its obligations under the Agency Agreement or the 
Conditions or for the payment of any commissions or expenses charged by the Disposal Agent or 
for any failure by the Disposal Agent to account for the proceeds of any Liquidation of Collateral in 
accordance with the Agency Agreement and the Conditions, and the Trustee shall not incur any 
liability to any person in respect of any acts or omissions or exercise of discretion of the Disposal 
Agent, who shall not be regarded as acting as the agent of the Trustee in any circumstances. 
Any Liquidation Commencement Notice given by the Issuer or the Trustee shall not be valid and 
the Disposal Agent shall not take any action in relation thereto if the Disposal Agent has already 
received (i) a Liquidation Commencement Notice in respect of the same or a prior Liquidation 
Event or (ii) an Enforcement Notice from the Trustee. 
(b) 
Liquidation Process 
Following receipt by it of a Liquidation Commencement Notice, the Disposal Agent shall, on behalf 
of the Issuer, so far as is practicable in the circumstances and to the extent that such Collateral is 
outstanding, effect an orderly Liquidation of the Collateral with a view to Liquidating all the 
Collateral within the Liquidation Period, and provided that the Disposal Agent shall have no liability 
if the Liquidation of all Collateral has not been effected by the expiry of the Liquidation Period. If 
the Collateral has not been Liquidated in full by the expiry of the Liquidation Period (as extended 
by any Disposal Agent Bankruptcy Event), the Disposal Agent shall sell the Collateral not then 
Liquidated, irrespective of the price obtainable and regardless of such price being close to or 
equal to zero. 
If, owing to the occurrence of a Disposal Agent Bankruptcy Event, there is no Disposal Agent at 
the commencement of a Liquidation Period, or the Disposal Agent is the subject of a Disposal 
Agent Bankruptcy Event during a Liquidation Period and prior to the Liquidation having been

--- Page 179 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
179 
completed, then that Liquidation Period shall not end on the date when it would, but for the effect 
of this provision, have ended and shall instead terminate on the date falling 10 Reference 
Business Days (where “Liquidation Period Cut-off” is specified as 10 Reference Business Days in 
the applicable Accessory Conditions) or 30 Reference Business Days (where “Liquidation Period 
Cut-off” is specified as 30 Reference Business Days in the applicable Accessory Conditions) 
following the appointment of a replacement Disposal Agent. 
If a replacement Disposal Agent is appointed during a Liquidation Period then, on appointment, 
the Disposal Agent will seek to effect a Liquidation as provided in this Condition 13 and the 
Disposal Agent shall have no responsibility in respect of any period prior to its appointment. 
The Disposal Agent may take such steps as it considers appropriate in order to effect such 
Liquidation, including, but not limited to, selecting the method of Liquidating any Collateral. The 
Disposal Agent must effect any Liquidation as soon as is reasonably practicable within the 
available timeframe and in a commercially reasonable manner, even where a larger amount could 
possibly be received in respect of such Collateral if any such Liquidation were to be delayed. 
Subject to such requirement, the Disposal Agent shall be entitled to effect any Liquidation by way 
of one or multiple transactions on a single or multiple day(s). The Disposal Agent shall not be 
liable to the Issuer, the Trustee, the Swap Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty, the SL 
Counterparty, the Noteholders, the Couponholders, the Custodian, the other Agents, holders of 
Receipts or any other Secured Creditor merely because a larger amount could have been 
received had any such Liquidation been delayed or had the Disposal Agent selected a different 
method of Liquidating any such Collateral. 
Notwithstanding the above, to the extent that any Liquidation consists of the sale of any Collateral, 
the Issuer and the Disposal Agent may agree that such sale will be made by the Issuer to the 
Disposal Agent and with the Disposal Agent then transacting with the relevant purchaser at the 
same price at which it purchased the Collateral from the Issuer. In such circumstance, the 
Disposal Agent would be acting on a strictly principal-to-principal basis and not as an agent of, or 
broker for, the Issuer. The Disposal Agent is under no obligation to agree to perform such a 
principal-to-principal role. If the Disposal Agent does agree to perform such a role, the Issuer may 
enter into such documentation as it, in good faith, determines appropriate in connection with such 
sale and may agree such terms as it, in good faith, deems appropriate in respect thereof, including 
(without limitation) as to the timing of settlement of the sale and as to the consequences of any 
disruption, but provided that it makes reasonable efforts to procure that any settlement would be 
made by no later than the 10th Reference Business Day (where “Liquidation Period Cut-off” is 
specified as 10 Reference Business Days in the applicable Accessory Conditions) or the 30th 
Reference Business Day (where “Liquidation Period Cut-off” is specified as 30 Reference 
Business Days in the applicable Accessory Conditions) following the relevant Early Redemption 
Trigger Date or the Maturity Date for that Series, as applicable. The Issuer shall have no liability to 
any Noteholder or other Secured Creditor in respect of any such agreement, action or 
determination. 
In accordance with the terms of the Trust Deed and Condition 5(d) (Disposal Agent’s Right 
Following Liquidation Event), following the occurrence of a Liquidation Event and a Liquidation 
Commencement Notice having been given, the Security shall be released without further action on 
the part of the Trustee to the extent necessary for the Disposal Agent to effect the Liquidation of 
the Collateral. Nothing in this Condition 13(b) or Condition 5(d) (Disposal Agent’s Right Following 
Liquidation Event) will operate to release the charges and other security interests over the 
proceeds of the Liquidation of the Collateral. 
Notwithstanding the obligations of the Disposal Agent pursuant to this Condition 13(b), the 
Disposal Agent shall not effect a Liquidation of any Collateral that is due to be redeemed or

--- Page 180 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
180 
repaid, in whole or in part, on or before the third Reference Business Day prior to the Early 
Redemption Date (ignoring for this purpose the proviso to paragraph (ii) of the definition of “Early 
Redemption Date”), until the Original Collateral Call Early Payment Date has occurred in respect 
of that Original Collateral. 
(c) 
Proceeds of Liquidation 
The Disposal Agent shall not be liable: 
(i) 
to account for anything except actual proceeds of the Collateral received by it (after 
deduction of the Liquidation Expenses (if any) described in Condition 13(d) (Liquidation 
Expenses)) and which shall, upon receipt, automatically become subject to the Security 
created by the Trust Deed; or 
(ii) 
for any taxes, costs, charges, losses, damages, liabilities, fees, commissions or expenses 
arising from or connected with any Liquidation or from any act or omission in relation to the 
Collateral or otherwise unless such taxes, costs, charges, losses, damages, liabilities or 
expenses shall be caused by its own negligence, fraud or wilful default. 
In addition, the Disposal Agent shall not be obliged to pay to the Issuer, any Transaction Party, 
any Noteholder or any Couponholder, interest on any proceeds from any Liquidation held by it at 
any time. 
(d) 
Liquidation Expenses 
The Issuer acknowledges that in effecting a Liquidation, Liquidation Expenses may be incurred. 
The Issuer agrees that any such Liquidation Expenses shall be borne by the Issuer and that the 
Disposal Agent shall only be required to remit the proceeds of such Liquidation net of such 
Liquidation Expenses. Where the Disposal Agent makes such net remittance to the Issuer but has 
itself received the relevant payment on a gross basis, the Disposal Agent agrees to apply the 
relevant amount retained by it in payment of such Liquidation Expenses.  
(e) 
Good Faith of Disposal Agent 
In effecting any Liquidation, the Disposal Agent shall act in good faith and, subject as provided 
above, in respect of any sale, early repayment, early redemption or agreed termination in respect 
of the Collateral, shall agree a price that it reasonably believes to be representative of, or better 
than, the price available in the market for the sale of such Collateral in the appropriate size at that 
time, taking into account the total amount of Collateral to be sold, repaid, redeemed or terminated. 
(f) 
Disposal Agent to Use Reasonable Care 
The Disposal Agent shall use reasonable care in the performance of its duties but shall not be 
responsible for any loss or damage suffered by any party as a result thereof, save that the 
Disposal Agent’s liability to the Issuer shall not be so limited where the loss or damage results 
from the negligence, fraud or wilful default of the Disposal Agent. 
(g) 
No Relationship of Agency or Trust 
The Disposal Agent shall not have any obligations towards, or relationship of agency or trust with, 
any Noteholder, Couponholder or any other Transaction Party. 
(h) 
Consultations on Legal Matters 
The Disposal Agent may consult on any legal matter any reputable legal adviser of international 
standing selected by it, who may be an employee of the Disposal Agent or adviser to the Issuer, 
and it shall not be liable in respect of anything done or omitted to be done relating to that matter in 
good faith in accordance with that adviser’s opinion.

--- Page 181 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
181 
(i) 
Reliance on Documents 
The Disposal Agent shall not be liable in respect of anything done or suffered by it in reliance on a 
document it reasonably believed to be genuine and to have been signed by the proper parties or 
on information to which it should properly have regard and which it reasonably believed to be 
genuine and to have been originated by the proper parties. 
(j) 
Entry into Contracts and Other Transactions 
The Disposal Agent may enter into any contracts or any other transactions or arrangements with 
any of the Issuer, any other Transaction Party, any Noteholder, any Couponholder or any Original 
Collateral Obligor, or any Affiliate of any of them (whether in relation to the Notes, the Collateral, 
the Security or any other transaction or obligation whatsoever), and may hold or deal in or be a 
party to the assets, obligations or agreements of which the relevant Collateral forms a part and 
other assets, obligations or agreements of any Original Collateral Obligor in respect of the 
Collateral. The Disposal Agent shall not be required to disclose any such contract, transaction or 
arrangement to any Noteholder, any Couponholder or other Transaction Party and shall be in no 
way accountable to the Issuer or (save as otherwise provided in the Agency Agreement and the 
Conditions) to any Noteholder, any Couponholder or any other Transaction Party for any profits or 
benefits arising from any such contract(s), transaction(s) or arrangement(s). 
(k) 
Illegality 
The Disposal Agent shall not be liable to effect a Liquidation of any of the Collateral if it 
determines, in its sole and absolute discretion, that (i) any such Liquidation of some or all of the 
Collateral in accordance with this Condition 13 (A) would or might require or result in a violation by 
the Disposal Agent of any applicable law or regulation in any jurisdiction, including any insolvency 
prohibition or moratorium on the disposal of assets or (B) would or might require or result in any 
Affiliate of the Disposal Agent being in violation of any applicable law or regulation or (ii) for any 
other reason it is not possible for it to dispose of the Collateral (even at zero), and the Disposal 
Agent notifies the Issuer and the Trustee of the same. 
(l) 
Sales to Itself and Affiliates 
In effecting any Liquidation, the Disposal Agent may sell any Collateral to itself, to any of its 
Affiliates, to any Affiliates of the Swap Counterparty or the Swap Guarantor, to any Affiliates of the 
Repo Counterparty or to any Affiliates of the SL Counterparty, provided that (i) the Disposal Agent 
sells at a price that it reasonably believes to be a fair market price, (ii) following a Swap 
Counterparty Bankruptcy Event, the Disposal Agent shall not sell to the Swap Counterparty or any 
Affiliate of the Swap Counterparty, (iii) following a Repo Counterparty Bankruptcy Event, the 
Disposal Agent shall not sell to the Repo Counterparty or any Affiliate of the Repo Counterparty 
and (iv) following an SL Counterparty Bankruptcy Event, the Disposal Agent shall not sell to the 
SL Counterparty or any Affiliate of the SL Counterparty. A sale price shall be deemed to be a fair 
market price if two major market makers in the applicable market have either refused to buy the 
relevant assets or offered to buy them at a price equal to or less than such sale price. 
(m) 
Notification of Enforcement Event 
Upon the Trustee giving an Enforcement Notice to the Disposal Agent following the occurrence of 
an Enforcement Event, the Disposal Agent shall cease to effect any further Liquidation of any 
Collateral and shall take no further action to Liquidate any Collateral, save that any transaction 
entered into in connection with the Liquidation on or prior to the date any such Enforcement Notice 
was given shall be settled and the Disposal Agent shall take any steps and actions necessary to 
settle such transaction and/or that are incidental thereto.

--- Page 182 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
182 
(n) 
Transfer of Collateral 
Subject to Condition 13(l) (Sales to Itself and Affiliates), in effecting any Liquidation, the Disposal 
Agent may sell any Collateral to itself or to any of its Affiliates, provided that the price for such 
Collateral is paid to the Custodian or to the order of the Issuer. The Disposal Agent shall not have 
the right to transfer the Collateral to itself or to any of its Affiliates other than in connection with a 
sale thereof to itself or one of its Affiliates, as applicable, and provided that such sale is executed 
on a delivery versus payment basis. 
Notwithstanding the immediately preceding paragraph, if the Disposal Agent has reasonable 
grounds to believe that a Custodian Bankruptcy Event has occurred and it has not received 
contrary orders from the Issuer it shall make arrangements for any such price for the Collateral to 
instead be paid to the Issuing and Paying Agent, provided that, if it has reasonable grounds to 
believe that an Issuing and Paying Agent Bankruptcy Event has also occurred, it shall remit such 
net proceeds of the Liquidation in accordance with the Issuer’s instructions and subject to the 
Security created by the Trust Deed. 
14 Enforcement of Security 
(a) 
Trustee to Enforce Security 
At any time after the Trustee becomes aware of the occurrence of an Enforcement Event, it may, 
and (i) if so requested in writing by holders of at least 20 per cent. of the aggregate principal 
amount of the Notes then outstanding, (ii) if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution, (iii) if so 
directed in writing by the Swap Counterparty, (iv) if so directed in writing by the Repo Counterparty 
or (v) if so directed in writing by the SL Counterparty (whichever shall be the first to so request or 
direct, as the case may be), shall (provided in each case that the Trustee shall have been 
indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction and provided that the Trustee has 
given an Enforcement Notice to the Issuer, the Custodian, the Swap Counterparty, the Repo 
Counterparty, the SL Counterparty and any Disposal Agent appointed at that time), enforce the 
Security constituted by the Trust Deed and/or any other Security Documents (if applicable). 
(b) 
Enforcement Notice 
Prior to taking any steps to enforce the Security, the Trustee shall notify (such notice being an 
“Enforcement Notice”) the Issuer, the Custodian, the Swap Counterparty, the Repo 
Counterparty, the SL Counterparty and any Disposal Agent appointed at that time that (i) the 
Trustee intends to enforce the Security constituted by the Trust Deed and/or any other Security 
Documents (if applicable) and (ii) the Disposal Agent is to cease to effect any further Liquidation of 
the Collateral (if such Liquidation is taking place), save that any transaction entered into in 
connection with the Liquidation on or prior to the date such Enforcement Notice was given shall be 
settled and the Disposal Agent shall take any steps and actions necessary to settle such 
transaction and/or that are incidental thereto. 
(c) 
Enforcement of Security 
In order to enforce the Security, the Trustee may: 
(i) 
sell, call in, collect and convert the Mortgaged Property into money in such manner and on 
such terms as it shall think fit, and the Trustee may, at its discretion, take possession of all 
or part of the Mortgaged Property over which the Security shall have become enforceable; 
(ii) 
take such action, step or proceeding against any Collateral Obligor as it deems appropriate 
but without any liability to the Noteholders or Couponholders or any other Secured Creditor 
as to the consequence of such action, step or proceeding; and

--- Page 183 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
183 
(iii) 
take any such other action or step or enter into any such other proceedings as it deems 
appropriate (including, without limitation, taking possession of all or any of the Mortgaged 
Property and/or appointing a receiver) as are permitted under the terms of the Trust Deed 
and/or any other Security Documents (if applicable). 
The Trustee shall not be required to take any action, step or proceeding in relation to the 
enforcement of the Security without first being indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its 
satisfaction. When taking any action, step or proceeding in relation to the enforcement of the 
Security, the Trustee shall be entitled to do so without having regard to the effect of such action, 
step or proceeding on individual Noteholders or Couponholders or any other Secured Creditor. 
15 Application of Available Proceeds 
(a) 
Application of Available Proceeds of Liquidation 
The Issuer shall, on each Issuer Application Date, apply the Available Proceeds as they stand on 
each such date as follows: 
(i) 
first, pari passu, in payment of: 
(A) 
where immediately prior to the associated termination of the Swap Agreement, the 
Swap Counterparty’s Credit Support Balance (VM) (if any, in its capacity as 
Transferor under the Credit Support Annex) was greater than zero, an amount (as 
determined by the party responsible for determining such amounts under the Swap 
Agreement and such amount being a “CSB Return Amount”) equal to the lesser of 
(I) the Available Proceeds, (II) the value of the Swap Counterparty’s Credit Support 
Balance (VM) that was used in determining the Early Termination Amount (as 
defined in the Swap Agreement) payable under the Swap Agreement and (III) the 
value of the amounts owing to the Swap Counterparty under the Swap Agreement, if 
any, which shall be deemed to be zero if no such amounts are owing (the excess of 
the value referred to in (III) above the value referred to in (II) above, if any, the 
“Remaining Swap Counterparty Claim Amount”) to the Swap Counterparty; 
(B) 
where immediately prior to the associated termination of the Repo Agreement, the 
Net Margin (as defined in the Repo Agreement) provided to the Issuer (if any) was 
greater than zero, an amount (as determined by the party responsible for 
determining such amounts under the Repo Agreement and such amount being a 
“Net Margin Return Amount”) equal to the lesser of (I) the Available Proceeds, (II) 
the Default Market Values of the Equivalent Margin Securities and Cash Margin (as 
each such term is defined in the Repo Agreement) (including the amount of interest 
accrued) forming such Net Margin provided to the Issuer and (III) the value of the 
amounts owing to the Repo Counterparty under the Repo Agreement, if any, which 
shall be deemed to be zero if no such amounts are owing (the excess of the value 
referred to in (III) above the value referred to in (II) above, if any, the “Remaining 
Repo Counterparty Claim Amount”) to the Repo Counterparty; and  
(C) 
where immediately prior to the associated termination (if applicable) of the SL 
Agreement, the amount by which the Market Value of the Collateral (for which 
purpose the Collateral Valuation Percentage shall be 100 per cent.) (each as defined 
in the SL Agreement) provided by the SL Counterparty exceeded the Market Value 
of Securities equivalent to the Loaned Securities (each as defined in the SL 
Agreement) (the “SL Net Margin”) was greater than zero, an amount (as determined 
by the SL Counterparty or, if the SL Counterparty is the Defaulting Party (as defined 
in the SL Agreement), the Issuer and such amount being a “SL Net Margin Return

--- Page 184 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
184 
Amount”) equal to the lesser of (I) the Available Proceeds, (II) the Default Market 
Values of the securities forming such SL Net Margin provided to the Issuer and (III) 
the value of the amounts owing to the SL Counterparty under the SL Agreement, if 
any, which shall be deemed to be zero if no such amounts are owing (the excess of 
the value referred to in (III) above over the value referred to in (II) above, if any, the 
“Remaining SL Counterparty Claim Amount”) to the SL Counterparty; 
(ii) 
secondly, in payment or satisfaction of, or reserving for, the Issuer’s share of any present or 
future taxes owing or expected to be owing by SPIRE; 
(iii) 
thirdly, in payment or satisfaction of the fees, costs, charges, expenses and liabilities (if 
any) incurred by the Trustee under the Trust Deed and the other Transaction Documents 
(including, but not limited to, any taxes required to be paid and the Trustee’s remuneration); 
(iv) 
fourthly, pari passu, in payment of (A) any amounts owing to the Custodian for 
reimbursement in respect of payments properly made by it in accordance with the terms of 
the Custody Agreement relating to sums receivable on or in respect of the relevant 
Collateral, (B) any amounts owing to the Issuing and Paying Agent for reimbursement in 
respect of payments properly made by it in accordance with the terms of the Agency 
Agreement to any person in discharge of a Secured Payment Obligation and (C) any fees, 
costs, charges, expenses and liabilities then due and payable to the Agents under the 
Agency Agreement and to the Custodian under the Custody Agreement; 
(v) 
fifthly, in payment or satisfaction of the Disposal Agent Fees; 
(vi) 
sixthly, pari passu, in payment of:  
(A) 
any amounts owing to the Swap Counterparty under the Swap Agreement (which, to 
the extent that a CSB Return Amount has been paid to the Swap Counterparty in 
accordance with Condition 15(a)(i), shall be limited to the Remaining Swap 
Counterparty Claim Amount); 
(B) 
any amounts owing to the Repo Counterparty under the Repo Agreement (which, to 
the extent that a Net Margin Return Amount has been paid to the Repo Counterparty 
in accordance with Condition 15(a)(i), shall be limited to the Remaining Repo 
Counterparty Claim Amount); and 
(C) 
any amounts owing to the SL Counterparty under the SL Agreement (which, to the 
extent that an SL Net Margin Return Amount has been paid to the SL Counterparty 
in accordance with Condition 15(a)(i), shall be limited to the Remaining SL 
Counterparty Claim Amount); 
(vii) 
seventhly, in payment of (A) any Early Redemption Amount then due and payable, (B) any 
Final Redemption Amount then due and payable and/or (C) any interest or Instalment 
Amount that became due and payable on the Maturity Date and that remains due and 
payable, as applicable, and, in each case, any interest accrued thereon (which, for the 
avoidance of doubt, shall include Default Interest) to the Noteholders; and 
(viii) 
eighthly, in payment rateably of the Residual Amount to the Noteholders, 
save that no such application shall be made at any time following an Enforcement Notice having 
been given by the Trustee following the occurrence of an Enforcement Event. 
Any Secured Creditor that has a claim in respect of more than one Secured Payment Obligation 
may rank differently in respect of each Secured Payment Obligation.

--- Page 185 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
185 
If, following the Initial Issuer Application Date, the Issuer receives any sum from the Mortgaged 
Property, the Issuer shall send a notice to the Trustee, the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Disposal 
Agent (where there is one), the Swap Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty and the SL 
Counterparty of the same as soon as is practicable upon receiving any such sum. 
(b) 
Application of Available Proceeds of Enforcement of Security 
Subject to and in accordance with the terms of the Security Documents, with effect from the date 
on which any Enforcement Notice is given by the Trustee following the occurrence of an 
Enforcement Event, the Trustee will hold the Available Proceeds received by it under the Trust 
Deed on trust to apply them as they stand on each Trustee Application Date as follows: 
(i) 
first, pari passu, in payment of: 
(A) 
where immediately prior to the associated termination of the Swap Agreement, the 
Swap Counterparty’s Credit Support Balance (VM) (if any, in its capacity as 
Transferor under the Credit Support Annex) was greater than zero, an amount (as 
determined by the Swap Counterparty or the party responsible for determining such 
amounts under the Swap Agreement and such amount being a “CSB Return 
Amount”) equal to the lesser of (I) the Available Proceeds, (II) the value of the Swap 
Counterparty’s Credit Support Balance (VM) that was used in determining the Early 
Termination Amount (as defined in the Swap Agreement) payable under the Swap 
Agreement and (III) the value of the amounts owing to the Swap Counterparty under 
the Swap Agreement, if any, which shall be deemed to be zero if no such amounts 
are owing (the excess of the value referred to in (III) above the value referred to in 
(II) above, if any, the “Remaining Swap Counterparty Claim Amount”) to the 
Swap Counterparty; 
(B) 
where immediately prior to the associated termination of the Repo Agreement, the 
Net Margin (as defined in the Repo Agreement) provided to the Issuer (if any) was 
greater than zero, an amount (as determined by the party responsible for 
determining such amounts under the Repo Agreement and such amount being a 
“Net Margin Return Amount”) equal to the lesser of (I) the Available Proceeds, (II) 
the Default Market Values of the Equivalent Margin Securities and Cash Margin (as 
each such term is defined in the Repo Agreement) (including the amount of interest 
accrued) forming such Net Margin provided to the Issuer and (III) the value of the 
amounts owing to the Repo Counterparty under the Repo Agreement, if any, which 
shall be deemed to be zero if no such amounts are owing (the excess of the value 
referred to in (III) above the value referred to in (II) above, if any, the “Remaining 
Repo Counterparty Claim Amount”) to the Repo Counterparty; and 
(C) 
where immediately prior to the associated termination (if applicable) of the SL 
Agreement, the amount by which the Market Value of the Collateral (for which 
purpose the Collateral Valuation Percentage shall be 100 per cent.) (each as defined 
in the SL Agreement) provided by the SL Counterparty exceeded the Market Value 
of Securities equivalent to the Loaned Securities (each as defined in the SL 
Agreement) (the “SL Net Margin”) was greater than zero, an amount (as determined 
by the SL Counterparty or, if the SL Counterparty is the Defaulting Party (as defined 
in the SL Agreement), the Issuer and such amount being a “SL Net Margin Return 
Amount”) equal to the lesser of (I) the Available Proceeds, (II) the Default Market 
Values of the securities forming such SL Net Margin provided to the Issuer and (III) 
the value of the amounts owing to the SL Counterparty under the SL Agreement, if 
any, which shall be deemed to be zero if no such amounts are owing (the excess of

--- Page 186 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
186 
the value referred to in (III) above over the value referred to in (II) above, if any, the 
“Remaining SL Counterparty Claim Amount”) to the SL Counterparty; 
(ii) 
secondly, in payment or satisfaction of, or reserving for, the Issuer’s share of any present or 
future taxes owing or expected to be owing by SPIRE; 
(iii) 
thirdly, in payment or satisfaction of the fees, costs, charges, expenses and liabilities (if 
any) incurred by the Trustee or any receiver in preparing and executing the trusts under the 
Trust Deed and carrying out its functions under the Trust Deed and the other Transaction 
Documents (including, but not limited to, any taxes required to be paid, the cost of realising 
any Security and the Trustee’s remuneration); 
(iv) 
fourthly, pari passu, in payment of (A) any amounts owing to the Custodian for 
reimbursement in respect of payments properly made by it in accordance with the terms of 
the Custody Agreement relating to sums receivable on or in respect of the relevant 
Collateral, (B) any amounts owing to the Issuing and Paying Agent for reimbursement in 
respect of payments properly made by it in accordance with the terms of the Agency 
Agreement to any person in discharge of a Secured Payment Obligation and (C) any fees, 
costs, charges, expenses and liabilities then due and payable to the Agents under the 
Agency Agreement and to the Custodian under the Custody Agreement; 
(v) 
fifthly, in payment or satisfaction of any Disposal Agent Fees incurred in respect of any 
Liquidation prior to such Trustee Application Date and which have not already been paid to 
the Disposal Agent pursuant to Condition 15(a) (Application of Available Proceeds of 
Liquidation); 
(vi) 
sixthly, pari passu, in payment of:  
(A) 
any amounts owing to the Swap Counterparty under the Swap Agreement (which, to 
the extent that a CSB Return Amount has been paid to the Swap Counterparty in 
accordance with Condition 15(b)(i), shall be limited to the Remaining Swap 
Counterparty Claim Amount); 
(B) 
any amounts owing to the Repo Counterparty under the Repo Agreement (which, to 
the extent that a Net Margin Return Amount has been paid to the Repo Counterparty 
in accordance with Condition 15(b)(i), shall be limited to the Remaining Repo 
Counterparty Claim Amount); and 
(C) 
any amounts owing to the SL Counterparty under the SL Agreement (which, to the 
extent that an SL Net Margin Return Amount has been paid to the SL Counterparty 
in accordance with Condition 15(b)(i), shall be limited to the Remaining SL 
Counterparty Claim Amount); 
(vii) 
seventhly, in payment of (A) any Early Redemption Amount then due and payable, (B) any 
Final Redemption Amount then due and payable and/or (C) any interest or Instalment 
Amount that became due and payable on the Maturity Date and that remains due and 
payable, as applicable, and, in each case, any interest accrued thereon (which, for the 
avoidance of doubt, shall include Default Interest) to the Noteholders; and 
(viii) 
eighthly, in payment rateably of the Residual Amount to the Noteholders. 
Any Secured Creditor that has a claim in respect of more than one Secured Payment Obligation 
may rank differently in respect of each Secured Payment Obligation. 
If the amount of moneys available to the Trustee for payment in respect of the Notes under this 
Condition 15(b) at any time following the Trustee giving an Enforcement Notice in accordance with

--- Page 187 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
187 
the Conditions, other than where the Mortgaged Property has been exhausted, amount to less 
than 10 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding, the Trustee 
shall not be obliged to make any payments under this Condition 15(b) and, if it does not make any 
such payments, it may, at its discretion, place and retain such amounts on deposit as provided in 
Condition 15(c) (Deposits) and accumulate the resulting income and shall retain the deposits and 
accumulations until (A) such deposits and accumulations, together with any other funds for the 
time being under the Trustee’s control and available for such payment (including funds resulting 
from the enforcement of the Security), amount to at least 10 per cent. of the aggregate principal 
amount of the Notes then outstanding or (B) the Mortgaged Property is exhausted and then, in 
each case, such amounts, accumulations and funds (after deduction of, or provision for, any 
applicable taxes and Negative Interest) shall be applied as specified in this Condition 15(b). 
(c) 
Deposits  
Moneys held by the Trustee may, at its discretion, be deposited in its name in an account bearing 
a market rate of interest (and, for the avoidance of doubt, the Trustee shall not be required to 
obtain best rates, be responsible for any loss occasioned by such deposit (subject to the 
provisions of the Trust Deed) or exercise any other form of investment discretion with respect to 
such deposits) in the name or under the control of the Trustee at such bank or other financial 
institution and in such currency as the Trustee may, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, think fit in light of the claims under Condition 15(b) (Application of Available 
Proceeds of Enforcement of Security) and not for the purposes of generating income. If such 
moneys are placed on deposit with a bank or financial institution which is a subsidiary, holding 
company, affiliate or associated company of the Trustee, it need only account for an amount of 
interest equal to the standard amount of interest payable by it on such a deposit to an 
independent customer. The Trustee may at any time convert any moneys so deposited into any 
other currency and will not be responsible for any resulting loss whether due to depreciation in 
value, fluctuations in exchange rates or otherwise (subject to the provisions of the Trust Deed). 
The parties acknowledge and agree that, if the interest rate in respect of certain currencies is a 
negative value, the application thereof would result in amounts being debited from funds held by 
such bank or financial institution. 
(d) 
Insufficient Proceeds 
If, following a Liquidation Event or an Enforcement Event, the available cash sums pursuant to 
Conditions 15(a) (Application of Available Proceeds of Liquidation) or 15(b) (Application of 
Available Proceeds of Enforcement of Security) are insufficient for the Noteholders to receive 
payment in full of (i) any Early Redemption Amount that has become due and payable, (ii) any 
Final Redemption Amount that has become due and payable and/or (iii) any interest or Instalment 
Amount that has become due and payable on the Maturity Date, as applicable, and, in each case, 
any interest accrued thereon, the Noteholders will receive an amount which is less than any such 
amount, and the provisions of Condition 17 (Limited Recourse and Non-Petition) will apply. 
(e) 
Foreign Exchange Conversion 
To the extent that any proceeds payable to any party pursuant to this Condition 15 are not 
denominated in the relevant currency of such Secured Payment Obligation (the “Payment 
Currency”), then the minimum amount of such proceeds that are required to be converted into the 
Payment Currency in order to meet such Secured Payment Obligation shall be converted into the 
Payment Currency at such rate or rates, in accordance with such method and as at such date as 
may be reasonably specified by the Disposal Agent (prior to the Trustee enforcing the Security 
pursuant to the Security Documents and as described in Condition 14 (Enforcement of Security)) 
or the Trustee (following the Trustee enforcing the Security pursuant to the Security Documents

--- Page 188 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
188 
and as described in Condition 14 (Enforcement of Security)), but having regard to current rates of 
exchange, if available. Any rate, method and date so specified shall be binding on the Issuer, the 
Noteholders, the Couponholders, the Swap Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty, the SL 
Counterparty and the Custodian.  
(f) 
Swap Counterparty, Repo Counterparty or SL Counterparty Failure to Pay after Maturity 
If, on or after the day falling five Reference Business Days after the Maturity Date of the Notes 
(such fifth Reference Business Day, the “Maturity Cut-off Date”): 
(i) 
there are amounts that have become payable under the Swap Agreement by the Swap 
Counterparty, the Repo Agreement by the Repo Counterparty or the SL Agreement by the 
SL Counterparty and which, in either case, remain unpaid as at the Maturity Cut-off Date or 
there are obligations that were required to be settled by delivery from the Swap 
Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty or the SL Counterparty, as applicable, to the Issuer 
on or prior to the Maturity Date and which have not been so settled as at the Maturity Cut-
off Date; 
(ii) 
no Early Termination Date has already been designated, deemed to be designated or 
occurred under the Swap Agreement, the Repo Agreement or the SL Agreement; and 
(iii) 
no Early Redemption Trigger Date or Early Redemption Date has occurred under any other 
Condition, 
then the Issuer shall, as soon as is practicable after becoming aware of the same, notify the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 23 (Notices) and the Trustee in writing of the same. 
Following such notice being given by the Issuer, the Issuer shall, if so directed by an Extraordinary 
Resolution, exercise its right to designate an Early Termination Date in respect of all outstanding 
Swap Transactions under the Swap Agreement, all outstanding Repo Transactions under the 
Repo Agreement or all outstanding SL Transactions under the SL Agreement. 
16 Enforcement of Rights or Security 
(a) 
Notes 
Subject always to the terms of the Trust Deed, only the Trustee may pursue the remedies against 
the Issuer for any breach by the Issuer of the terms of the Trust Deed, the Notes or the Coupons, 
and no Noteholder or Couponholder is entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer unless the 
Trustee, having become bound to proceed in accordance with the terms of the Trust Deed, fails to 
do so within a reasonable period and such failure is continuing. In respect of any failure by the 
Issuer to make payment of the Final Redemption Amount and/or any interest or Instalment 
Amount that became due and payable on the Maturity Date, the Trustee may not pursue any 
remedies against the Issuer for any breach by the Issuer of the terms of the Trust Deed, the Notes 
or the Coupons until after the Relevant Payment Date and the Trustee shall have no liability to any 
person for any loss which may arise from such delay. 
(b) 
Security 
Only the Trustee may enforce the Security over the Mortgaged Property in accordance with, and 
subject to the terms of, the Trust Deed. 
(c) 
Indemnity, Security and/or Pre-funding 
The Trustee shall in no circumstances be obliged to take any action, step or proceeding whether 
pursuant to the Trust Deed, any other Security Document or otherwise without first being 
indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction.

--- Page 189 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
189 
17 Limited Recourse and Non-Petition 
(a) 
General Limited Recourse 
The Transaction Parties, the Noteholders and the Couponholders expressly acknowledge and 
accept that the Issuer is subject to the Securitisation Act 2004 and will create Compartments in 
respect of each Series to which all relevant assets, rights, claims and agreements (including the 
relevant Notes) will be allocated. 
The obligations of the Issuer to pay any amounts due and payable in respect of a Series and to 
the other Transaction Parties at any time in respect of a Series shall be limited to the proceeds 
available out of the Mortgaged Property in respect of such Series at such time to make such 
payments in accordance with Condition 15 (Application of Available Proceeds). Notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary contained herein, or in any Transaction Document, in respect of a Series, 
the Transaction Parties, the Noteholders and the Couponholders shall have recourse only to the 
Mortgaged Property in respect of the Series, subject always to the Security, and not to any other 
general assets of SPIRE or to any other assets of SPIRE acting in respect of other 
Compartments. If, after (i) the Mortgaged Property in respect of the Series is exhausted (whether 
following Liquidation or enforcement of the Security or otherwise) and (ii) application of the 
Available Proceeds as provided in Condition 15 (Application of Available Proceeds), any 
outstanding claim, debt or liability against the Issuer in relation to the Notes of the Series or the 
Transaction Documents relating to the Series remains unpaid, then such outstanding claim, debt 
or liability, as the case may be, shall be extinguished and no debt shall be owed by the Issuer in 
respect thereof. Following extinguishment in accordance with this Condition 17(a), none of the 
Transaction Parties, the Noteholders, the Couponholders or any other person acting on behalf of 
any of them shall be entitled to take any further steps against the Issuer or any of its officers, 
shareholders, members, incorporators, corporate service providers or directors to recover any 
further sum in respect of the extinguished claim, debt or liability and no debt shall be owed to any 
such persons by the Issuer or any of its officers, shareholders, members, incorporators, corporate 
service providers or directors in respect of such further sum in respect of the Series. 
(b) 
Non-Petition 
None of the Transaction Parties, the Noteholders, the Couponholders or any other person acting 
on behalf of any of them may, at any time, institute, or join with any other person in bringing, 
instituting or joining, insolvency, administration, bankruptcy, winding-up or any other similar 
proceedings (whether court-based or otherwise) in relation to the Issuer, SPIRE or any of its 
officers, shareholders, members, incorporators, corporate service providers or directors or any of 
its assets, and none of them shall have any claim arising with respect to the assets and/or 
property attributable to any other Obligations issued or entered into by the Issuer or SPIRE (save 
for any further notes which form a single series with the Notes) or any other assets of the Issuer or 
SPIRE. 
Notwithstanding the provisions of the foregoing, the Trustee may lodge a claim in the liquidation of 
SPIRE which is initiated by another party or take proceedings to obtain a declaration or judgment 
as to the obligations of the Issuer. 
(c) 
Shortfall After Application of Proceeds 
In addition, no Noteholders or Couponholders or any other person acting on behalf of them may 
start proceedings against the Issuer which are based on article 470-21 of the Companies Act 
1915.

--- Page 190 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
190 
(d) 
Survival 
The provisions of this Condition 17 shall survive notwithstanding any redemption of the Notes of 
any Series or the termination or expiration of any Transaction Document in respect of any Series. 
18 Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes (whether in definitive or global form), 
Receipts and Coupons (which, for this purpose, shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and 
become void unless made within 10 years (in the case of principal) or five years (in the case of interest) 
from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect of them. 
19 Meetings of Noteholders, Modification, Waiver and Substitution 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders 
(i) 
Convening meetings 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of Noteholders to consider any 
matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a 
modification of any of the Conditions or any provisions of the Trust Deed or any other 
Transaction Document and to give any authority, direction or sanction required by, inter 
alia, Conditions 5 (Security), 6 (Restrictions), 8 (Redemption and Purchase), 11 (Agents) or 
14 (Enforcement of Security) to be given by Extraordinary Resolution. Such a meeting (A) 
may be convened by the Issuer or the Trustee, (B) shall be convened by the Issuer in the 
circumstances specified in Conditions 8(g) (Redemption for Swap Counterparty Bankruptcy 
Event), 8(i) (Redemption for Repo Counterparty Bankruptcy Event) or 8(k) (Redemption for 
SL Counterparty Bankruptcy Event) and (C) shall be convened by the Trustee if it receives 
a written request from Noteholders holding at least 10 per cent. of the aggregate principal 
amount of the Notes then outstanding and is indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded 
to its satisfaction against all costs and expenses.  
(ii) 
Quorum 
The quorum for any meeting convened to consider an Extraordinary Resolution shall be two 
or more persons holding or representing a clear majority in principal amount of the Notes 
then outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting two or more persons being or representing 
Noteholders whatever the principal amount of the Notes held or represented, unless the 
business of such meeting includes consideration of proposals, inter alia, (A) to amend the 
dates of maturity or redemption of the Notes, any Instalment Date or any date for payment 
of interest or Interest Amounts on the Notes, (B) to reduce or cancel the principal amount 
of, or any Instalment Amount of, or any premium payable on redemption of, the Notes, (C) 
to reduce the rate or rates of interest in respect of the Notes or to vary the method or basis 
of calculating the rate or rates or amount of interest or the basis for calculating any Interest 
Amount in respect of the Notes, (D) to vary any method of, or basis for, calculating the Final 
Redemption Amount or the Early Redemption Amount, (E) to vary the currency or 
currencies of payment or the currency or currencies of the denomination of the Notes, (F) to 
modify the provisions concerning the quorum required at any meeting of Noteholders or the 
majority required to pass the Extraordinary Resolution, (G) to modify Condition 5 (Security) 
or to hold an Extraordinary Resolution for purposes of Condition 5(b) (Issuer’s Rights as 
Beneficial Owner of Collateral), (H) to modify Conditions 15 (Application of Available 
Proceeds) and 17 (Limited Recourse and Non-Petition), (I) to modify Conditions 8(b) 
(Redemption by Instalments) to (p) (Redemption Following the Occurrence of an Event of

--- Page 191 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
191 
Default) or (J) to modify the scenarios listed in (A) to (I) above, in which case the necessary 
quorum shall be two or more persons holding or representing at least 75 per cent. or, at any 
adjourned meeting, at least 25 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes 
then outstanding in accordance with the Trust Deed. In circumstances in which there is only 
one Noteholder in respect of all the Notes then outstanding, the quorum for all purposes 
shall be one.  
The holder of a Global Note or Global Certificate shall (unless such Global Note or Global 
Certificate represents only one Note) be treated as two persons for the purposes of any 
quorum requirements of a meeting of Noteholders. 
(iii) 
Voting 
On a show of hands, every person who is present in person and who produces a Bearer 
Note, a Certificate of which he is the registered holder or a voting certificate or is a proxy or 
representative has one vote. On a poll, every such person has one vote in respect of each 
integral currency unit of the Specified Currency of such Series so produced or represented 
by the voting certificate so produced or for which he is a proxy or representative. 
(iv) 
Extraordinary Resolutions 
Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed shall be binding on all Noteholders (whether or 
not they were present at, or participated in, the meeting at which such resolution was 
passed) and on the holders of Coupons, Receipts and Talons. 
The Trust Deed provides that (A) a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the 
holders of at least 75 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes then 
outstanding or (B) where the Notes are held by or on behalf of a clearing system or clearing 
systems, approval of a resolution proposed by the Issuer or the Trustee (as the case may 
be) given by way of electronic consents communicated through the electronic 
communications systems of the relevant clearing system(s) in accordance with their 
operating rules and procedures by or on behalf of the holders of at least 75 per cent. of the 
aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding shall, in each case for all 
purposes (including matters that would otherwise require an Extraordinary Resolution to be 
passed at a meeting for which the special quorum was satisfied), be as valid and effective 
as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened and 
held. A written resolution referred to in (A) may be contained in one document or several 
documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders. A 
written resolution and/or electronic consent referred to in (A) and (B) will be binding on all 
Noteholders and holders of Coupons, Talons and Receipts whether or not they participated 
in such written resolution or electronic consent. 
Where electronic consents are not being sought, for the purpose of determining whether a 
written resolution has been validly passed, the Issuer and the Trustee shall be entitled to 
rely on consent or instructions given in writing directly to the Issuer and/or the Trustee, as 
the case may be, (I) by accountholders in the clearing system(s) with entitlements relating 
to the relevant Global Note or Global Certificate and/or (II) where the accountholders hold 
any such entitlement on behalf of another person, on written consent from or written 
instruction by the person identified by that accountholder as the person for whom such 
entitlement is held. For the purpose of establishing the entitlement to give any such consent 
or instruction, the Issuer and the Trustee shall be entitled to rely on any certificate or other 
document issued by, in the case of (I) above, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg and, 
in the case of (II) above, the relevant clearing system and the accountholder identified by 
the relevant clearing system. Any resolution passed in such manner shall be binding on all

--- Page 192 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
192 
Noteholders and Couponholders even if the relevant consent or instruction proves to be 
defective. Any such certificate or other document shall be conclusive and binding for all 
purposes. Any such certificate or other document may comprise any form of statement or 
print out of electronic records provided by the relevant clearing system (including 
Euroclear’s EUCLID or Clearstream, Luxembourg’s CreationOnline system) in accordance 
with its usual procedures and in which the accountholder of a particular principal amount of 
the Notes is clearly identified together with the amount of such holding. Neither the Issuer 
nor the Trustee shall be liable to any person by reason of having accepted as valid or not 
having rejected any certificate or other document to such effect purporting to be issued by 
any such person and subsequently found to be forged or not authentic. 
(v) 
Single meeting for more than one Series 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening a single meeting of the holders of the 
Notes of separate Series in certain circumstances where the Trustee so decides. 
(vi) 
Luxembourg law issues 
The provisions relating to meetings of noteholders contained in articles 470-1 to 470-19 of 
the Companies Act 1915 will not apply in respect of the Notes.  
For the purposes of this Condition 19(a): 
(A) 
references to a meeting are to a meeting of Noteholders and Couponholders of a single 
Series; and 
(B) 
references to “Notes” and “Noteholders” are only to the Notes of the Series in respect of 
which a meeting has been, or is to be, called, and to the holders of such Notes, 
respectively. 
(b) 
Modification and Waiver of the Conditions and/or any Transaction Document 
The Trustee may, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders:  
(i) 
agree to any modification to the Conditions, the Trust Deed or any other Transaction 
Document that is, in the opinion of the Trustee, of a formal, minor or technical nature or is 
made to correct a manifest error;  
(ii) 
agree to any modification to, and any waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed 
breach by the Issuer of, the Conditions, the Trust Deed or any other Transaction Document 
that is, in each case, in the opinion of the Trustee, not materially prejudicial to the interests 
of the Noteholders (but such power in this paragraph (ii), in relation to modifications only, 
does not extend to any such modification as would require a special quorum resolution for 
approving the same, as specified in the Trust Deed); and 
(iii) 
determine that an Event of Default, Potential Event of Default or Enforcement Event shall 
not be treated as such, provided that, in the Trustee’s opinion, the interests of the 
Noteholders will not be materially prejudiced thereby, 
provided however, that the Trustee shall not agree to any waiver or authorisation pursuant to 
paragraph (ii) above or make any determination pursuant to paragraph (iii) above in contravention 
of an express direction of Noteholders given by an Extraordinary Resolution. 
In connection with the appointment or replacement of any Agent or the Custodian, the Issuer may, 
without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, make such amendments to the 
Conditions and/or the Transaction Documents as it determines necessary to reflect such 
appointment or replacement. The Trustee shall agree to such amendments without seeking the

--- Page 193 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
193 
consent of the Noteholders, the Couponholders or any other party and concur with the Issuer (at 
the Issuer’s expense) in effecting the amendments described in this Condition 19(b) (including, 
inter alia, by the execution of a deed supplemental to or amending the Trust Deed), provided that 
the Trustee shall not be required to agree to such amendments if, in the opinion of the Trustee 
(acting reasonably), such amendments would (A) expose the Trustee to any liability against which 
it has not been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction or (B) impose 
more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties or responsibilities or reduce 
or amend the protective provisions afforded to the Trustee in the Conditions or any Transaction 
Document of any Series. 
Any modification, authorisation, waiver or determination as is made or given under this Condition 
19(b) shall be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and, if the Trustee so requires, 
shall be notified to the Noteholders by the Issuer as soon as is practicable. The Issuer shall notify 
each Rating Agency then rating the Notes at the request of the Issuer of any modification made by 
it in accordance with this Condition 19(b). 
(c) 
Substitution 
(i) 
Upon receipt of a written request to substitute the Issuer from a Programme Dealer subject 
to and in accordance with Clause 10.1 (Substitution) of the Programme Deed, the Issuer 
may (provided that it may not unreasonably withhold its consent to any such request), 
without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, effect a substitution of any 
other company in place of itself, or of any previous substituted company, as the principal 
debtor under the Trust Deed and the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons and the Talons, as 
applicable (such substitution, the “Substitution”), provided that: 
(A) 
the following conditions precedent have been satisfied:  
(I) 
the substituted company must be a special purpose vehicle incorporated as a 
public limited liability company (société anonyme) under the laws of 
Luxembourg and must have the status of an unregulated securitisation 
undertaking (société de titrisation) within the meaning of the Securitisation Act 
2004; 
(II) 
any listing or admission to trading of the Notes must not be cancelled or 
suspended as a result of the Substitution; 
(III) 
the identity of the Trustee must remain unchanged; 
(IV) 
the identity of the Agents and the Custodian must either (1) remain 
unchanged or (2) be replaced with one or more agents or custodians, 
provided that any such replacement is an institution of international repute 
and the terms of such appointment are substantially the same as the terms on 
which the existing agent or custodian is appointed; 
(V) 
the Notes of the Series must be treated as being issued from a separate 
compartment of the substituted company; 
(VI) 
the Conditions and the Transaction Documents must not be amended, 
provided that the substituted company may make such amendments to the 
Conditions and/or the Transaction Documents as it determines necessary to 
reflect the Substitution;  
(VII) 
the type and amount of the Original Collateral must remain unchanged; and

--- Page 194 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
194 
(VIII) Rating Agency Affirmation has been received at the time of the Substitution 
from each Rating Agency (if any) then rating the outstanding Notes at the 
request of the Issuer; 
(B) 
the Issuer certifies in writing (such certificate, a “Substitution Certificate”) to the 
Trustee and each Transaction Party that the conditions precedent set out in 
paragraph (A) above have been satisfied; and  
(C) 
the applicable Transaction Parties’ “know your customer” requirements have been 
satisfied. 
The Trustee may rely, without further enquiry and without liability to any person for so 
doing, on a Substitution Certificate. Upon receipt of a Substitution Certificate, the Trustee 
and the other Transaction Parties shall (at the expense of the Issuer) agree to the 
Substitution (including, inter alia, to the execution of a Deed of Substitution) without seeking 
the consent of the Noteholders, the Couponholders or any other party, provided that the 
Trustee shall not be required to agree to the Substitution if, in the opinion of the Trustee 
(acting reasonably), the Substitution would (x) expose the Trustee to any liability against 
which it has not been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction or (y) 
impose more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties or 
responsibilities or reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded to the Trustee in the 
Conditions or any Transaction Document of any Series. 
The Issuer shall give notice to Noteholders of the substitution in accordance with Condition 
23 (Notices) within 14 days of the execution of the documents effecting such substitution. 
(ii) 
The Trust Deed contains provisions permitting the Trustee to agree, subject to such 
consequential amendment of the Transaction Documents as the Trustee may deem 
appropriate and subject to such other requirements as the Trustee may direct in the 
interests of the Noteholders, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders 
but subject to the prior written consent of the Swap Counterparty, the Swap Guarantor, the 
Repo Counterparty and the SL Counterparty, to the substitution of any other company in 
place of the Issuer, or of any previous substituted company, as the principal debtor under 
the Trust Deed and the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons and the Talons, as applicable, 
provided that Rating Agency Affirmation has been received at the time of substitution from 
each Rating Agency (if any) then rating the outstanding Notes at the request of the Issuer. 
In the case of such a substitution, the Trustee may agree, without the consent of the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders, to a change of the law governing the Notes, the 
Receipts, the Coupons, the Talons and/or the Trust Deed and/or any other Transaction 
Document, provided that such change would not, in the opinion of the Trustee, be 
materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. 
(d) 
Entitlement of the Trustee 
(i) 
In connection with the exercise of its functions (including but not limited to those referred to 
in this Condition 19) the Trustee shall have regard to the interests of the Noteholders as a 
class and, in particular, but without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, shall not 
have regard to the consequences of such exercise for individual Noteholders or 
Couponholders resulting from their being for any purpose domiciled or resident in, or 
otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any particular territory or 
otherwise to the tax consequences thereof, and the Trustee shall not be entitled to require, 
nor shall any Noteholder or Couponholder be entitled to claim from the Issuer or the 
Trustee, any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax arising in consequence of any 
such exercise upon individual Noteholders or Couponholders.

--- Page 195 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
195 
(ii) 
So long as any Global Note is, or any Notes represented by a Global Certificate are, held 
on behalf of a clearing system, in considering the interests of Noteholders, the Trustee may 
have regard to any information provided to it by such clearing system or its operator as to 
the identity (either individually or by category) of its accountholders or participants with 
entitlements to any such Global Note or the Registered Notes and may consider such 
interests and treat such accountholders or participants on the basis that such 
accountholders or participants were the holder(s) thereof. 
20 Replacement of Swap Counterparty 
In respect of a Series, if (a) an Early Termination Date has occurred or been designated as a result of an 
Event of Default (as defined in the relevant Swap Agreement) in respect of the Swap Counterparty under 
the Swap Agreement, (b) Noteholders acting by an Extraordinary Resolution (provided that, for the 
purpose of this Condition 20, the Extraordinary Resolution must be passed by holders of 100 per cent. of 
the aggregate principal amount of the Notes of that Series then outstanding) have agreed with another 
Programme Swap Counterparty that it shall act as Swap Counterparty (there being no obligation on any 
Programme Swap Counterparty to agree), (c) such Noteholders have agreed any necessary 
amendments to the Conditions, (d) the Issuer has been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to 
its satisfaction and (e) the actions proposed to be taken pursuant to this Condition 20 would not breach 
applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or liquidation laws, the Issuer shall give notice to the Trustee of the 
proposed replacement and of any such amendments to the Conditions and shall enter into a new 
agreement with such Programme Swap Counterparty as soon as is reasonably practicable, which 
agreement shall constitute a replacement Swap Agreement for the Series, provided that no such 
replacement shall take effect if, in the opinion of the Trustee (acting reasonably), such replacement 
and/or the related amendments to the Conditions would (i) expose the Trustee to any liability against 
which it has not been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction or (ii) impose more 
onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties or responsibilities or reduce or amend 
the protective provisions afforded to the Trustee in the Conditions or any Transaction Document of any 
Series. The Issuer shall, promptly following any such replacement, notify the Noteholders and each 
Transaction Party of the replacement and any such amendments to the Conditions. 
Following the termination of the Swap Agreement and entry into a new Swap Agreement with an 
alternative Programme Swap Counterparty in accordance with this Condition 20, the appointment of the 
Dealer (which shall have been the same entity in respect of each Tranche of the relevant Series) shall be 
terminated and the replacement Swap Counterparty (or, if such entity is not a Programme Dealer, an 
affiliated Programme Dealer), shall be appointed as the new Dealer for each Tranche of the Series. 
21 Replacement of Notes, Certificates, Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
If a Note, Certificate, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced, subject to applicable laws, regulations and stock exchange or other relevant authority 
regulations, at the Specified Office of the Issuing and Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes, 
Receipts, Coupons or Talons) and of the Registrar (in the case of Certificates) or such other Paying 
Agent or Transfer Agent, as the case may be, as may, from time to time, be designated by the Issuer for 
the purpose and notice of whose designation is given to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 23 
(Notices), in each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection 
therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that, if 
the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Note, Certificate, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is subsequently 
presented for payment, there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in 
respect of such Note, Certificate, Receipt, Coupon or Talon) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. 
Mutilated or defaced Notes, Certificates, Receipts, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before 
replacements will be issued.

--- Page 196 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
196 
22 Further Issues and Amendments to the Transaction Documents 
(a) 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may, from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders 
but subject to Condition 6 (Restrictions), create and issue further notes either having the same 
terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for the first payment of 
interest on them, issue date, issue price and principal amount) and so that such further issue shall 
be consolidated and form a single series with the Notes or upon such terms as the Issuer may 
determine at the time of their issue.  
Any such further notes shall only form a single series with the Notes (unless otherwise approved 
by an Extraordinary Resolution) if:  
(i) 
the Issuer provides additional Original Collateral (as security for such further notes) which is 
fungible with, and has the same proportionate composition as, the existing Original 
Collateral and in the same proportion as the proportion that the principal amount of such 
new notes bears to the Notes; and (as applicable)  
(ii) 
the Issuer enters into an additional or supplemental Swap Agreement, Repo Agreement 
and/or SL Agreement (as applicable) with the Programme Swap Counterparty, the 
Programme Repo Counterparty and/or the Programme SL Counterparty which is then 
acting as the Swap Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty and/or the SL Counterparty (as 
applicable) and which extends to the new notes or extends the terms of any existing Swap 
Agreement, Repo Agreement and/or SL Agreement to the new notes, in each case on 
terms no less favourable than such existing documents and agreements, as applicable.  
Any new notes forming a single series with the Notes shall be constituted and secured by a deed 
supplemental to the Trust Deed, such further security shall be added to the Mortgaged Property 
so that the new notes and the existing Notes shall be secured by the same Mortgaged Property 
(and, for the avoidance of doubt, all the holders of the first and all later Tranches of Notes shall 
benefit from the Mortgaged Property on a pari passu basis) and references in the Conditions to 
“Notes”, “Original Collateral”, “Collateral”, “Mortgaged Property”, the “Swap Agreement”, the 
“Repo Agreement”, the “SL Agreement”, “Secured Payment Obligations” and “Secured 
Creditor” shall be construed accordingly. 
(b) 
Swap/Repo/Securities Lending Amendments 
The Issuer may, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, agree with the 
Swap Counterparty to amend the Swap Agreement, with the Repo Counterparty to amend the 
Repo Agreement and with the SL Counterparty to amend the SL Agreement (such amendments, 
the “Swap/Repo/Securities Lending Amendments”), provided that:  
(i) 
the purpose and effect of the Swap/Repo/Securities Lending Amendments are to: 
(A) 
ensure that the Issuer’s payment obligations thereunder match any amounts 
receivable by the Issuer under the Original Collateral, including (but not limited to) 
following the addition of Original Collateral in respect of further Notes pursuant to 
Condition 22(a) (Further Issues); 
(B) 
ensure that the Swap Counterparty’s, the Repo Counterparty’s or the SL 
Counterparty’s (as the case may be) payment obligations thereunder match any 
amounts payable by the Issuer in respect of the Notes and other liabilities, including 
(but not limited to) following (I) the making of any Replacement Reference Rate 
Amendments in respect of the Notes pursuant to Condition 9(c) (Occurrence of a 
Reference Rate Event), (II) the making of any Original Collateral Disruption Event

--- Page 197 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
197 
Amendments in respect of the Notes pursuant to Condition 9(i) (Occurrence of an 
Original Collateral Disruption Event) and (III) the issue of further Notes pursuant to 
Condition 22(a) (Further Issues); or 
(C) 
effect the changes referred to in Condition 5(c)(ii); 
(ii) 
the Swap/Repo/Securities Lending Amendments do not require a special quorum 
resolution; and 
(iii) 
the Issuer certifies in writing (such certificate, a “Swap/Repo/Securities Lending 
Amendments 
Certificate”) 
to 
the 
Trustee 
that 
(A) 
the 
purpose 
of 
the 
Swap/Repo/Securities Lending Amendments is solely as set out in paragraphs (i)(A) to 
(i)(C) above and (B) the Swap/Repo/Securities Lending Amendments do not require a 
special quorum resolution.  
The Trustee may rely, without further enquiry and without liability to any person for so doing, on a 
Swap/Repo/Securities Lending Amendments Certificate. Upon receipt of a Swap/Repo/Securities 
Lending Amendments Certificate, the Trustee shall agree to the Swap/Repo/Securities Lending 
Amendments without seeking the consent of the Noteholders, the Couponholders or any other 
party and concur with the Issuer (at the Issuer’s expense) in effecting the Swap/Repo/Securities 
Lending Amendments (including, inter alia, by the execution of a deed supplemental to or 
amending the Trust Deed), provided that the Trustee shall not be required to agree to the 
Swap/Repo/Securities Lending Amendments if, in the opinion of the Trustee (acting reasonably), 
the Swap/Repo/Securities Lending Amendments would (A) expose the Trustee to any liability 
against which it has not been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction or 
(B) impose more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties or 
responsibilities or reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded to the Trustee in the 
Conditions or any Transaction Document of any Series. 
(c) 
Regulatory Requirement Amendments 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Regulatory Requirement Event has occurred in respect 
of a Series, it may notify the Issuer and the Transaction Parties of any modifications that it 
determines are required to be made to the Conditions and/or any Transaction Document (except 
for the Programme Deed) (such amendments, the “Regulatory Requirement Amendments”) in 
order to cause: 
(i) 
the transactions contemplated by the Conditions and the Transaction Documents to be 
compliant with all Relevant Regulatory Laws; 
(ii) 
the Issuer and each Transaction Party to be compliant with all Relevant Regulatory Laws; 
or 
(iii) 
the Issuer and each Transaction Party to be able to continue to transact future business (as 
issuer of Notes or as a transaction party to the Issuer pursuant to the Programme) in 
compliance with all Relevant Regulatory Laws. 
If the Issuer receives such a notice from the Calculation Agent, it shall, without the consent of the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders, promptly make the Regulatory Requirement Amendments, 
provided that: 
(A) 
no Early Redemption Trigger Date or Early Redemption Date has occurred in respect of the 
Notes;

--- Page 198 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
198 
(B) 
the Regulatory Requirement Amendments will not: 
(I) 
amend the dates of maturity or redemption of the Notes, any Instalment Date or any 
date for payment of interest or Interest Amounts on the Notes; 
(II) 
reduce or cancel the principal amount of, or any Instalment Amount of, or any 
premium payable on redemption of, the Notes; 
(III) 
reduce the rate or rates of interest in respect of the Notes or vary the method or 
basis of calculating the rate or rates or amount of interest or the basis for calculating 
any Interest Amount in respect of the Notes; 
(IV) 
vary any method of, or basis for, calculating the Final Redemption Amount or the 
Early Redemption Amount; 
(V) 
exchange or substitute the Original Collateral; or 
(VI) 
have a material adverse effect on the validity, legality or enforceability of the Security 
or on the priority and ranking of the Security; 
(C) 
the Regulatory Requirement Amendments are agreed to by each party to the affected 
Transaction Documents (in each case, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or 
delayed) and the Trustee; and 
(D) 
the Calculation Agent certifies in writing (such certificate, a “Regulatory Requirement 
Amendments Certificate”) to the Trustee that (I) the purpose of the Regulatory 
Requirement Amendments is solely as set out in Conditions 22(c)(i) to 22(c)(iii) and (II) the 
Regulatory Requirement Amendments satisfy the requirements of paragraph (B) above.  
The Trustee may rely, without further enquiry and without liability to any person for so doing, on a 
Regulatory Requirement Amendments Certificate. Upon receipt of a Regulatory Requirement 
Amendments Certificate, the Trustee shall agree to the Regulatory Requirement Amendments 
without seeking the consent of the Noteholders, the Couponholders or any other party and concur 
with the Issuer (at the Issuer’s expense) in effecting the Regulatory Requirement Amendments 
(including, inter alia, by the execution of a deed supplemental to or amending the Trust Deed), 
provided that the Trustee shall not be required to agree to the Regulatory Requirement 
Amendments if, in the opinion of the Trustee (acting reasonably), the Regulatory Requirement 
Amendments would (x) expose the Trustee to any liability against which it has not been 
indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction or (y) impose more onerous 
obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties or responsibilities or reduce or amend the 
protective provisions afforded to the Trustee in the Conditions or any Transaction Document of 
any Series. 
Neither the Calculation Agent nor the Trustee shall have any duty to monitor, enquire or satisfy 
itself as to whether any Regulatory Requirement Event has occurred. The Calculation Agent shall 
not have any obligation to give, nor any responsibility or liability for giving or not giving, any notice 
to the Issuer and the Transaction Parties that a Regulatory Requirement Event has occurred. 
Any Regulatory Requirement Amendments will be binding on the Issuer, the Transaction Parties, 
the Noteholders and the Couponholders. 
23 Notices 
Notices to the holders of Registered Notes shall be mailed to them at their respective addresses in the 
Register and be deemed to have been given on the day it is delivered in the case of recorded delivery 
and three days (excluding Saturdays and Sundays) in the case of inland post or seven days (excluding

--- Page 199 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
199 
Saturdays and Sundays) in the case of overseas post after despatch or if earlier when delivered, save 
that, for purposes only of determining any Early Redemption Trigger Date, the relevant Early Redemption 
Notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date despatched.  
Notices to the holders of Definitive Bearer Notes shall be valid if published in a daily newspaper of 
general circulation in Europe. If in the opinion of the Trustee any such publication is not practicable, 
notice shall be validly given if published in another leading daily English language newspaper with 
general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such 
publication or, if published more than once or on different dates, on the first date on which publication is 
made, as provided above. 
Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the 
holders of Definitive Bearer Notes in accordance with this Condition 23. 
Notices required to be given in respect of Notes represented by a Global Note or a Global Certificate 
may be given by their being delivered (so long as the Global Note or the Global Certificate, as applicable, 
is held on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg) to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
as the case may be, or otherwise to the holder of the Global Note or the Global Certificate, as applicable, 
rather than by publication as described above. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to 
the holders of the Notes on the Reference Business Day immediately following the day on which the said 
notice was given to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
In addition, if and for so long as the Notes are listed on a stock exchange, all notices to holders of the 
Notes will be published in accordance with the rules of such stock exchange. 
24 Indemnification and Obligations of the Trustee 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee, for its relief from responsibility 
including for the exercise of any voting rights in respect of the Collateral and for the validity, value, 
sufficiency and enforceability (which the Trustee has not investigated) of the Security created over the 
Mortgaged Property. The Trustee is not obliged or required to take any step, action or proceeding under 
the Trust Deed unless indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction. The Trustee and 
any Affiliate of the Trustee are entitled to enter into business transactions with the Issuer, any Original 
Collateral Obligor, the Swap Counterparty, the Swap Guarantor, the Repo Counterparty and the SL 
Counterparty or any of their subsidiaries, holding or associated companies without accounting to the 
Noteholders or Couponholders for profit resulting therefrom. 
The Trustee is exempted from liability with respect to any loss or theft or reduction in value of the 
Mortgaged Property, from any obligation to insure or to procure the insurance of the Mortgaged Property 
and from any claim arising from the fact that the Collateral will be held in safe custody by the Custodian. 
The Trustee is not responsible for monitoring or supervising the performance by any other person of its 
obligations to the Issuer. 
The Trust Deed provides that in acting as Trustee under the Trust Deed, the Trustee does not assume 
any duty or responsibility to the Swap Counterparty, any Swap Guarantor, the Repo Counterparty, the SL 
Counterparty, the Disposal Agent, the Custodian, the Issuing and Paying Agent or any other Secured 
Creditor or any other Transaction Party (other than to pay to any of such parties any moneys received 
and repayable to it and to act in accordance with the Conditions and the Trust Deed) and shall have 
regard solely to the interests of the Noteholders.

--- Page 200 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
200 
25 Ineligible Investors 
(a) 
Rights of the Issuer 
The Issuer may: 
(i) 
at any time, compel any Noteholder, Couponholder or beneficial owner of Notes to certify 
that such Noteholder, Couponholder or beneficial owner is not an Ineligible Investor; 
(ii) 
refuse to honour the transfer of a Note, a Coupon or a beneficial interest in Notes to the 
extent such transfer is to or for the benefit of an Ineligible Investor; and 
(iii) 
compel any Noteholder, Couponholder or beneficial owner of Notes that is an Ineligible 
Investor to: 
(A) 
transfer such Notes, Coupons or interests in the Notes to a person who is not an 
Ineligible Investor; or 
(B) 
transfer such Notes, Coupons or interests in the Notes to the Issuer at a price equal 
to the aggregate of: 
(I) 
the Specified Currency Equivalent of all cash sums derived from the sale of an 
amount of the Collateral for the Series (equal to the proportion that the 
aggregate principal amount of the Notes to be transferred bears to the 
aggregate principal amount of all Notes of such Series outstanding on the 
transfer date) net of any taxes, costs or charges incurred on such sale 
(provided that the principal amount of Collateral to be sold shall be rounded 
down to the nearest amount that would be capable of being delivered, 
assigned or transferred); and 
(II) 
any termination payment payable in respect of the corresponding partial 
termination of the Swap Agreement, the Repo Agreement and the SL 
Agreement for the Series (expressed as a positive number if such amount 
would be payable to the Issuer or a negative amount if such amount would be 
payable by the Issuer). 
(b) 
Deemed representations, agreements and acknowledgments 
Each Noteholder, Couponholder and beneficial owner of a Note, will, on each date on which such 
person (x) accepts delivery of the base prospectus relating to SPIRE and the Programme, a 
standalone prospectus produced by the Issuer in respect of a particular Tranche of Notes or other 
offering document in respect of such Notes and (y) purchases such Note or beneficial interest, be 
deemed to have represented, agreed and acknowledged as follows: 
(i) 
the Notes or such beneficial interest have been acquired in an offshore transaction (as such 
term is defined under Regulation S under the Securities Act); 
(ii) 
it is not an Ineligible Investor; 
(iii) 
to the extent it is acting for the account or benefit of another person, such other person is 
not an Ineligible Investor; 
(iv) 
no person has registered, nor will register, as a “commodity pool operator” of the Issuer 
under the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act of 1936 and the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading 
Commission Rules thereunder; 
(v) 
the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and it will not, 
at any time during the term of the Notes, offer, sell, pledge, otherwise transfer or, in the

--- Page 201 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
201 
case of Notes in bearer form, deliver Notes or any interest therein within the United States 
to, or for the account or benefit of, any person who is an Ineligible Investor; 
(vi) 
the Issuer may: 
(A) 
at any time, compel any Noteholder, Couponholder or beneficial owner of Notes to 
certify that such Noteholder, Couponholder or beneficial owner is not an Ineligible 
Investor; 
(B) 
refuse to honour the transfer of a Note, a Coupon or a beneficial interest in Notes to 
the extent such transfer is to or for the benefit of an Ineligible Investor; and 
(C) 
compel any Noteholder, Couponholder or beneficial owner of Notes that is an 
Ineligible Investor to: 
(I) 
transfer such Notes, Coupons or interests in the Notes to a person who is not 
an Ineligible Investor; or 
(II) 
transfer such Notes, Coupons or interests in the Notes to the Issuer at a price 
equal to the aggregate of: 
(1) 
the Specified Currency Equivalent of all cash sums derived from the 
sale of an amount of the Collateral for the Series (equal to the 
proportion that the aggregate principal amount of the Notes to be 
transferred bears to the aggregate principal amount of all Notes of 
such Series outstanding on the transfer date) net of any taxes, costs 
or charges incurred on such sale (provided that the principal amount 
of Collateral to be sold shall be rounded down to the nearest amount 
that would be capable of being delivered, assigned or transferred); 
and 
(2) 
any termination payment payable in respect of the corresponding 
partial termination of the Swap Agreement, the Repo Agreement and 
the SL Agreement for the Series (expressed as a positive number if 
such amount would be payable to the Issuer or a negative amount if 
such amount would be payable by the Issuer); 
(vii) 
each Global Note, Definitive Bearer Note and Certificate shall bear such legends as the 
Issuer may require; 
(viii) 
any transfer by such Noteholder, Couponholder or beneficial owner to or for the benefit of 
an Ineligible Investor at any time during the term of the relevant Note will be of no force and 
effect, will be void ab initio, and will not operate to transfer any rights to the transferee, 
notwithstanding any instructions to the contrary to the Issuer, the Registrar, the Trustee or 
any intermediary; and 
(ix) 
the Issuer, the Dealer and its Affiliates, and others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of 
the foregoing representations, agreements and acknowledgments. 
26 Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of the Notes under the Contracts (Rights 
of Third Parties) Act 1999, except and to the extent (if any) that the Notes expressly provide for such Act 
to apply to any of their terms.

--- Page 202 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
202 
27 Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law 
The Trust Deed, the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons and the Talons and any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with them are governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, English law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction 
The courts of England are to have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out 
of or in connection with any Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons and accordingly any legal action 
or proceedings arising out of or in connection with any Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons 
(“Proceedings”) shall be brought in such courts.  
(c) 
Service of Process 
The Issuer has irrevocably appointed an agent in England to receive, for it and on its behalf, 
service of process in any Proceedings in England.

--- Page 203 ---
USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
203 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of each issue, or entry into, of a Tranche will be used by the Issuer, subject to the 
provisions of the Securitisation Act 2004, to purchase the Original Collateral specified in the Accessory 
Conditions for such Tranche (which may be from the Vendor pursuant to the Collateral Sale Agreement), to 
make any payment under any Swap Agreement relating thereto and/or to make any payment under any Repo 
Agreement relating thereto and/or to make any payment under any SL Agreement relating thereto, unless 
otherwise specified in the Accessory Conditions for such Tranche. 
Any initial payment due from any Swap Counterparty under any Swap Agreement and/or due from any Repo 
Counterparty under any Repo Agreement and/or due from any SL Counterparty under any SL Agreement 
relating to a Tranche of Notes will also be used in acquiring the relevant Original Collateral and, where 
applicable, in making payment of certain upfront costs and expenses, unless otherwise specified in the 
Accessory Conditions for such Tranche.

--- Page 204 ---
DESCRIPTION OF SPIRE 
 
204 
DESCRIPTION OF SPIRE 
General 
SPIRE was incorporated as a public limited liability company (société anonyme) in the Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg on 26 May 2016 under the name Single Platform Investment Repackaging Entity SA and 
registered with the Luxembourg trade and companies register (Registre de Commerce et des Sociétés, 
Luxembourg) under number B206430. SPIRE is an unregulated securitisation undertaking (société de 
titrisation) within the meaning of articles 19 et seq. of the Securitisation Act 2004. 
SPIRE is a special purpose vehicle established for the purpose of issuing asset backed securities. 
The Articles have been published in the Recueil Électronique des Sociétés et Associations on 3 June 2016. 
The registered office of SPIRE is at 5, Heienhaff, L-1736 Senningerberg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and its 
telephone number is +352 27 61 621. 
While accomplishing its corporate purposes, SPIRE may use the trading name “SPIRE SA”. 
Share Capital and Shareholders 
The share capital of SPIRE is EUR 31,000 divided into 310 ordinary shares with a nominal value of EUR 100 
each (the “Shares”) which are fully paid up. The Shares are held by, or on behalf of, Stichting SPIRE (the 
“Shareholder”), a foundation (Stichting) established pursuant to and governed by the laws of the Netherlands, 
having its registered office in the municipality of Rotterdam, the Netherlands, registered with the Dutch 
Commercial Register (Kamer Van Koophandel) under number 66059739.  
Business and Purpose 
So long as any Note is outstanding, the Issuer will be subject to the restrictions set out in “Master Conditions - 
Condition 6 (Restrictions)”, the relevant Issue Deed and the Articles. 
The Issuer shall not, except as otherwise provided for or contemplated in the Conditions or any Transaction 
Document, engage in any business (other than issuing or entering into Obligations, entering into related 
agreements and transactions, the acquisition and holding of related assets and performing acts incidental 
thereto or necessary in connection therewith), subject always to the restrictions set out in the Trust Deed and 
the Conditions. 
There is no limitation on the number of Series which SPIRE may have outstanding at any time. 
The Issuer’s obligations under Notes issued by it under the Programme are obligations of the Issuer alone 
and not of, or guaranteed in anyway by, the Trustee or any other party. Furthermore, they are not obligations 
of, or guaranteed in any way by any Programme Dealer or any Transaction Party. 
The only assets of the Issuer available to meet the claims of the holders of or counterparties to Notes will be 
the assets which comprise the Mortgaged Property for the relevant Series, as described in the Conditions. 
The corporate objects of SPIRE set out in the Articles are to enter into, perform and serve as a vehicle for, 
any securitisation transactions as permitted under the Securitisation Act 2004. SPIRE may acquire or assume, 
directly or through another entity or vehicle, the risks relating to the holding or ownership of claims, 
receivables and/or other goods, either movable or immovable, tangible or intangible, and/or risks relating to 
liabilities or commitments of third parties or which are inherent to all or part of the activities undertaken by third 
parties, by issuing securities (valeurs mobilières) of any kind whose value or return is linked to these risks. 
SPIRE may assume or acquire these risks by acquiring, by any means, claims, structured deposits,

--- Page 205 ---
DESCRIPTION OF SPIRE 
 
205 
receivables and/or other goods, structured products relating to commodities or assets, by guaranteeing the 
liabilities or commitments of third parties or by binding itself in any other way. The method that will be used to 
determine the value of the securitised assets will be set out in the relevant issue documents entered into by 
SPIRE. 
SPIRE may, within the limits of the Securitisation Act 2004, proceed, so far as they relate to securitisation 
transactions, to (i) the acquisition, holding and disposal, in any form, by any means, whether directly or 
indirectly, of participations, rights and interests in, and obligations of, Luxembourg and foreign companies, (ii) 
the acquisition by purchase, subscription, or in any other manner, as well as the transfer by sale, exchange or 
in any other manner of stock, bonds, debentures, notes and other securities or financial instruments of any 
kind (including notes or parts or units issued by Luxembourg or foreign mutual funds or similar undertakings 
and exchangeable or convertible securities), structured products relating to commodities or assets (including 
debt or equity securities of any kind), receivables, claims or loans or other credit facilities (and the agreements 
relating thereto) as well as all other types of assets, and (iii) the ownership, administration, development and 
management of a portfolio of assets (including, among other things, the assets referred to in (i) and (ii) above) 
in accordance with the provisions of the relevant issue documentation. 
SPIRE may, within the limits of the Securitisation Act 2004 and for as long as it is necessary to facilitate the 
performance of its corporate purpose, borrow in any form and enter into any type of loan agreement. It may 
issue notes, bonds (including exchangeable or convertible securities and securities linked to an index or a 
basket of indices or shares), debentures, certificates, shares, beneficiary shares or parts, warrants and any 
kind of debt or equity securities, including under one or more issue programmes. SPIRE may lend funds 
including the proceeds of any borrowings and/or issues of securities, within the limits of the Securitisation Act 
2004 and provided such lending or such borrowing relates to securitisation transactions, to its subsidiaries or 
affiliated companies or to any other company. 
SPIRE may, within the limits of the Securitisation Act 2004, give guarantees and grant security over its assets 
in order to secure the obligations it has assumed for the securitisation of those assets or for the benefit of 
investors (including their trustee or representative, if any) and/or any issuing entity participating in a 
securitisation transaction of SPIRE. SPIRE may not pledge, transfer, encumber or otherwise create security 
over some or all of its assets or transfer its assets for guarantee purposes, unless permitted by the 
Securitisation Act 2004. 
SPIRE may enter into, execute and deliver and perform any swaps, futures, forwards, derivatives, options, 
repurchase, stock lending and similar transactions for as long as such agreements and transactions are 
necessary to facilitate the performance of SPIRE’s corporate objects. SPIRE may generally employ any 
techniques and instruments relating to investments for the purpose of their efficient management, including, 
but not limited to, techniques and instruments designed to protect it against credit, currency exchange, 
interest rate risks and other risks. 
SPIRE may, within the limits of the Securitisation Act 2004 and in accordance with the provisions of the 
relevant issue documentation of the securities, assign or arrange for the assignment of the underlying assets 
and risks which guarantee the rights of the relevant investors. 
The Board is entitled to create one or more Compartments (representing the assets of SPIRE relating to an 
issue by the Issuer of securities), in each case corresponding to a separate part of SPIRE’s estate. SPIRE 
may appoint one or more fiduciary representatives as described in articles 67 to 84 of the Securitisation Act 
2004. 
The descriptions above are to be understood in their broadest sense and their enumeration is not limiting. The 
corporate objects of SPIRE shall include any transaction or agreement which is entered into by SPIRE, 
provided that it is not inconsistent with the foregoing enumerated objects.

--- Page 206 ---
DESCRIPTION OF SPIRE 
 
206 
In general, SPIRE may take any controlling and supervisory measures and carry out any operation or 
transaction which it considers necessary or useful in the accomplishment and development of its corporate 
objects to the largest extent permitted under the Securitisation Act 2004. 
Notwithstanding the above, SPIRE has contractually agreed that, for the purposes of Notes issued under the 
Programme, the conditions of such Notes and the assets over which such Notes are secured may be 
narrower than the above description. 
Assets and Liabilities 
The general estate of SPIRE has, and will have, no assets other than the sum of EUR 31,000 representing 
the issued and paid-up share capital and any amounts held that are to be used in paying costs of, or incurred 
by or on behalf of, SPIRE with respect to the Programme generally (and not solely with respect to a particular 
Series). 
Save in respect of any amounts held that are to be used in paying costs of, or incurred by or on behalf of, 
SPIRE with respect to the Programme generally (and not solely with respect to a particular Series) and the 
proceeds of any deposits made from such amounts or from amounts representing SPIRE's issued and paid-
up share capital, SPIRE will not accumulate any surpluses in its general estate.  
Directors 
The Directors of SPIRE are as follows:  
Name 
Principal Occupation 
Rolf Caspers 
Company Director 
Marketa Stranska 
Company Director 
Lynton Raath 
Company Director 
 
The business address of each of the Directors is 5, Heienhaff, L-1736 Senningerberg, Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg. 
No corporate governance regime to which SPIRE would be subject exists in Luxembourg as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus. 
SPIRE, acting on its own and without input or influence from any Programme Dealer, the Programme Trustee 
or any other person, has selected the directors listed above. 
Corporate Services Provider 
Sanne Group (Luxembourg) S.A., a public limited liability company (société anonyme) incorporated under the 
laws of Luxembourg with its registered office at 5, Heienhaff, L-1736 Senningerberg, Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg and registered with the Registre de Commerce et des Sociétés, Luxembourg under number 
B.138.069, acts as the corporate services provider of SPIRE (the “Corporate Services Provider”). 
The office of the Corporate Services Provider will serve as the registered office of SPIRE which is located at 
5, Heienhaff, L-1736 Senningerberg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. 
Pursuant to the terms of the corporate services agreement dated 14 December 2016 and entered into 
between the Corporate Services Provider and SPIRE, the Corporate Services Provider will perform in 
Luxembourg certain administrative, accounting and related services. In consideration of the foregoing, the

--- Page 207 ---
DESCRIPTION OF SPIRE 
 
207 
Corporate Services Provider will receive various fees payable to it by SPIRE at rates agreed upon from time 
to time. 
The appointment of the Corporate Services Provider may be terminated by SPIRE, the Corporate Services 
Provider or the Shareholder upon at least 90 days’ prior written notice. 
Accounting Year 
The accounting year of SPIRE runs from 1 January to 31 December in each year. The first annual general 
meeting of shareholders of SPIRE was held on 21 June 2017.  
Financial Statements 
In accordance with the Companies Act 1915, SPIRE is obliged to publish its annual accounts on an annual 
basis following approval of the annual accounts by the annual general meeting of its shareholders.  
SPIRE published (i) its audited financial statements in respect of the period ended on 31 December 2019 on 
18 June 2020 and (ii) its audited financial statements in respect of the period ended on 31 December 2020 on 
16 June 2021. Such audited financial statements were prepared in accordance with Luxembourg Generally 
Accepted Accounting Principles. Such audited financial statements are available in printed form free of charge 
during the hours between 9.00 a.m. and 5.00 p.m. (with respect to the location of the relevant offices specified 
below) on any weekday (Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays excepted) at the registered office of SPIRE 
and at the Specified Office of the Issuing and Paying Agent. SPIRE does not prepare interim financial 
statements. 
Approved Statutory Auditors 
Until a resolution of the Board passed on 18 June 2020, the statutory audit firm (cabinet de réviseurs agréés) 
of SPIRE was Ernst & Young, société anonyme which belongs to the Luxembourg institute of auditors (Institut 
des réviseurs d'entreprises) with its address at 35E, Avenue John F. Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg. Ernst & 
Young, société anonyme is also approved by the Luxembourg regulator the Commission de Surveillance du 
Secteur Financier (the “CSSF”), the competent authority for oversight of audit firms and is duly registered in 
the public register maintained by the CSSF. 
Following a resolution of the Board passed on 18 June 2020, the statutory audit firm (cabinet de réviseurs 
agréés) of SPIRE is PricewaterhouseCoopers (“PwC”) which belongs to the Luxembourg institute of auditors 
(Institut des réviseurs d'entreprises) and has its address at 2, rue Gerhard Mercator, 2182 Luxembourg. PwC 
is also approved by the Luxembourg regulator the CSSF and is duly registered in the public register 
maintained by the CSSF. 
Securitisation Act 2004 and Compartments 
SPIRE is a special purpose vehicle incorporated as a public limited liability company (société anonyme) under 
the laws of Luxembourg and has the status of an unregulated securitisation undertaking (société de titrisation) 
within the meaning of the Securitisation Act 2004. The Board will establish a Compartment in relation to each 
Series. Each Compartment is a separate and distinct part of SPIRE’s estate (patrimoine) which may be 
distinguished by the nature of acquired risks or assets, the Conditions of the Notes issued in relation to the 
Compartment, and the reference currency or other distinguishing characteristics. 
If the net assets of a Compartment are liquidated, the net proceeds of liquidation shall be applied in the order 
set out in the Conditions.

--- Page 208 ---
DESCRIPTION OF SPIRE 
 
208 
The rights of Noteholders and other Secured Creditors against SPIRE in respect of a Series are limited to the 
assets of the corresponding Compartment.  
The assets of a Compartment are, in principle, available only to satisfy the rights of the Noteholders of Notes 
issued in relation to that Compartment and the rights of creditors whose claims have arisen at the occasion of 
the creation, the operation or the liquidation of that Compartment (including the other Secured Creditors). No 
other party shall have a claim against the net proceeds of a liquidation of the net assets of that Compartment, 
including after the opening of insolvency proceedings against SPIRE, except to the extent required by any 
applicable law. 
A creditor of SPIRE may have claims against SPIRE in respect of more than one Series, in which case the 
claims in respect of each individual Series will be limited to the net proceeds of the Mortgaged Property 
relating to that particular Series only. Assets held in different Compartments of SPIRE are deemed to be 
assets of separate entities for the purpose of creditors. 
To give effect to the provisions of the Securitisation Act 2004 under which the net proceeds of the Mortgaged 
Property of a Compartment are available only for the Secured Creditors for the Series relating to that 
Compartment, the Issuer is (subject as provided for in the Trust Deed) permitted only to contract with parties 
on a “limited recourse” basis such that claims against the Issuer in relation to each Series would be restricted 
to the net proceeds of the Mortgaged Property of the Compartment for the relevant Series. 
Fees, expenses and other liabilities incurred on behalf of SPIRE but which do not relate specifically to any 
Compartment will be payable out of the assets of SPIRE’s general estate, not out of the assets allocated to 
Compartments. The Board shall establish and maintain separate accounting records for each of the 
Compartments of SPIRE for the purposes of ascertaining the rights of holders of debt securities issued in 
respect of each Compartment, and such accounting records shall be conclusive evidence of such rights in the 
absence of manifest error. 
Special Purpose Vehicle 
SPIRE’s sole business is the raising of money by issuing Notes or entering into certain other obligations within 
the limits of the Securitisation Act 2004, in each case for the purposes of purchasing assets and entering into 
related derivatives and other contracts. The Issuer has covenanted (amongst other things) not, so long as any 
Note is outstanding, without the prior written consent of the Trustee or the sanction of an Extraordinary 
Resolution, and except as provided for or contemplated in the Conditions or any Transaction Document and 
within the limits of the Securitisation Act 2004, to engage in any business other than the issuance or entry into 
of Obligations, the entry into of related agreements and transactions, the acquisition and holding of related 
assets and the performing of acts incidental thereto or necessary in connection therewith, and provided that: 
(i) 
such Obligations are secured on assets of the Issuer other than any fees paid to the Issuer (for its own 
account) in connection with the Notes or other Obligations and any assets securing any other 
Obligations (other than Equivalent Obligations) of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
such Obligations and any related agreements contain limited recourse and non-petition provisions; 
(iii) 
the terms of such Obligations comply with all applicable laws; and 
(iv) 
the terms of such Obligations and any underlying assets relating to such Obligations comply with (a) 
paragraph 2 (Additional Restrictions) of the Product Criteria and (b) the Collateral Criteria in each case 
in effect at the time such Obligations are entered into.  
In addition, the Issuer will be subject to certain other restrictions including that it will (amongst other things) 
not, without the prior written consent of the Trustee or the sanction of an Extraordinary Resolution, have any 
subsidiaries or employees, purchase, own, lease or otherwise acquire any real property, consolidate or merge 
with any other person or convey or transfer its properties or assets substantially as an entirety to any person

--- Page 209 ---
DESCRIPTION OF SPIRE 
 
209 
(other than as contemplated by the Conditions) or issue any shares or declare any distributions or dividends 
thereon (other than such shares as are in issue at the date hereof and such shares as may be issued in 
accordance with the Securitisation Act 2004, and any distributions or dividends thereon).

--- Page 210 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME SWAP COUNTERPARTIES, THE PROGRAMME REPO 
COUNTERPARTIES AND THE PROGRAMME SL COUNTERPARTIES 
 
210 
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME SWAP COUNTERPARTIES, THE PROGRAMME REPO 
COUNTERPARTIES AND THE PROGRAMME SL COUNTERPARTIES 
The information set out below has been obtained from Barclays Bank PLC. Such information has been 
accurately reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and able to ascertain from information published by 
Barclays Bank PLC, no facts have been omitted that would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading. 
Name 
Barclays Bank PLC 
Address 
1 Churchill Place, London, E14 5HP, United Kingdom 
Country of incorporation 
England and Wales 
Nature of business 
Barclays Bank PLC is a public limited company registered in England and Wales under number 1026167. The 
liability of the members of the Swap Counterparty is limited. It has its registered and head office at 1 Churchill 
Place, London, E14 5HP, United Kingdom (telephone number +44 (0) 7116 1000). Barclays Bank PLC was 
incorporated on 7 August 1925 under the Colonial Bank Act 1925 and, on 4 October 1971, was registered as a 
company limited by shares under the Companies Acts 1948 to 1967. Pursuant to The Barclays Bank Act 1984, 
on 1 January 1985, Barclays Bank PLC was re-registered as a public limited company and its name was 
changed from “Barclays Bank International Limited” to “Barclays Bank PLC”. 
Barclays Bank PLC and its subsidiary undertakings (taken together, the “Group”) is a major global financial 
services provider engaged in retail and commercial banking, credit cards, investment banking, wealth 
management and investment management services with an extensive international presence in Europe, the 
United States, Africa and Asia. The whole of the issued ordinary share capital of Barclays Bank PLC is 
beneficially owned by Barclays PLC, which is the ultimate holding company of the Group. 
Admission to trading of securities 
Barclays Bank PLC has securities admitted to trading on the regulated market of the London Stock Exchange 
and the regulated market of Euronext Dublin.

--- Page 211 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME SWAP COUNTERPARTIES, THE PROGRAMME REPO 
COUNTERPARTIES AND THE PROGRAMME SL COUNTERPARTIES 
 
211 
The information set out below has been obtained from Barclays Bank Ireland PLC. Such information has been 
accurately reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and able to ascertain from information published by 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, no facts have been omitted that would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading. 
Name 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
Address 
One Molesworth Street, Dublin 2, Ireland, D02 RF29 
Country of incorporation 
Ireland 
Nature of business 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC is a public limited company registered in Ireland under number 396330. The liability 
of the member(s) of the Programme Swap Counterparty is limited. It has its registered and head office at One 
Molesworth Street Dublin 2, D02 RF29, Ireland (telephone number +353 (0) 1 618 2600). Barclays Ireland PLC 
was incorporated and registered as a limited company on 12 January 2005 under the Companies Acts 1963 to 
2003. Barclays Ireland PLC changed name to Barclays Bank Ireland PLC on 24 February 2005.  
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC provides wholesale banking services to corporate clients in Ireland. The company 
offers corporate banking products and services, including corporate accounts; cash pooling, liquidity 
management, payments and collections, SEPA, and online banking services; foreign exchange, asset finance, 
cash management, liquidity management, and trade finance services; and property finance and risk solutions. 
It also provides investment banking products and services; wealth and investment management solutions; and 
private bank management advisory, operational banking, trade, and treasury services, as well as debt and 
equity capital rising and risk management structuring services. In addition, the company advises, leads, 
underwrites, and participates in debt transactions. It serves corporations, multi-nationals, and financial 
institutions. 
Admission to trading of securities 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC is a wholly owned subsidiary of Barclays Bank PLC. Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
has securities admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin.

--- Page 212 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME SWAP COUNTERPARTIES, THE PROGRAMME REPO 
COUNTERPARTIES AND THE PROGRAMME SL COUNTERPARTIES 
 
212 
The information set out below has been obtained from BNP Paribas. Such information has been accurately 
reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and able to ascertain from information published by BNP 
Paribas, no facts have been omitted that would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
Name 
BNP Paribas 
Address 
16, boulevard des italiens, 75009 Paris 
Country of incorporation 
France 
Nature of business 
With its integrated and diversified model, BNP Paribas is the leader in banking and financial services in 
Europe. The group relies on strong customer franchises and business lines with strong positions in Europe and 
favourable positions internationally, strategically aligned to better serve customers and long-term partners. 
BNP Paribas is the euro zone’s leading provider of banking and financial services. It operates in 65 countries 
and has nearly 180,000 employees, including nearly 145,000 in Europe. BNP Paribas holds key positions in its 
three main businesses: 
(i) 
Commercial, Personal Banking & Services, including: 
(a) 
Commercial banks in the euro zone: 
(I) 
French Commercial Banking (BCEF) 
(II) 
BNL banca commerciale (BNL bc), Italian commercial banking 
(III) 
Belgian Commercial Banking (BCB) 
(IV) 
Luxembourg Commercial Banking (LCB) 
(b) 
Commercial banks outside the euro zone, which are organised around: 
(I) 
Europe-Mediterranean, to cover Central and Eastern Europe and Turkey 
(II) 
BancWest in the United States 
(c) 
Specialised business lines: 
(I) 
Arval 
(II) 
BNP Paribas Leasing Solutions 
(III) 
BNP Paribas Personal Finance 
(IV) 
BNP Paribas Personal Investors 
(V) 
New digital business lines (Nickel, Floa, Lyf, etc.) 
(ii) 
Investment & Protection Services, including: 
(a) 
Insurance (BNP Paribas Cardif) 
(b) 
Wealth and Asset Management (BNP Paribas Asset Management, BNP Paribas Wealth 
Management and BNP Paribas Real Estate)

--- Page 213 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME SWAP COUNTERPARTIES, THE PROGRAMME REPO 
COUNTERPARTIES AND THE PROGRAMME SL COUNTERPARTIES 
 
213 
(c) 
Management of the BNP Paribas Group’s portfolio of unlisted and listed industrial and commercial 
investments (BNP Paribas Principal Investments) 
(iii) 
Corporate and Institutional Banking (CIB): 
(a) 
Corporate Banking 
(b) 
Global Markets 
(c) 
Securities Services 
BNP Paribas SA is the parent company of the BNP Paribas group. 
Admission to trading of securities 
BNP Paribas has securities admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Paris, as well as on the 
regulated market of Frankfurt Stock Exchange and on the regulated market of Borsa Italiana.

--- Page 214 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME SWAP COUNTERPARTIES, THE PROGRAMME REPO 
COUNTERPARTIES AND THE PROGRAMME SL COUNTERPARTIES 
 
214 
The information set out below has been obtained from BNP Paribas Arbitrage S.N.C. Such information has 
been accurately reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and able to ascertain from information published 
by BNP Paribas Arbitrage S.N.C., no facts have been omitted that would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading. 
Name 
BNP Paribas Arbitrage S.N.C. 
Address 
1 rue Lafitte, 75009 Paris, France 
Country of incorporation 
France 
Nature of business 
BNP Paribas Arbitrage S.N.C. is a wholly owned subsidiary of BNP Paribas S.A. It is involved in dealing on 
financial instruments including derivatives and on stock borrowing and lending, receiving and transmitting 
orders for third parties, placement, underwriting and investment advice. BNP Paribas Arbitrage S.N.C. is 
regulated by the French Prudential Supervision and Resolution Authority (ACPR) in France under the Monetary 
and Financial Code (Code Monétaire et Financier). It trades on the main international financial markets and is 
especially a major dealer in equities on U.S., French, British, Swiss, German, Dutch, Belgian, Italian and 
Spanish stock exchanges. In the event BNP Paribas Arbitrage S.N.C. is in default in the performance of any of 
its obligations toward a third party, each of its partners (including BNP Paribas S.A.), indefinitely, jointly and 
severally liable to the debts of BNP Paribas Arbitrage S.N.C., will be liable towards such third party as if each 
partner itself, had directly underwritten such an obligation.  
Admission to trading of securities 
BNP Paribas Arbitrage S.N.C. does not have securities admitted to trading on a regulated market or equivalent 
third country market or SME Growth Market for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 215 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME SWAP COUNTERPARTIES, THE PROGRAMME REPO 
COUNTERPARTIES AND THE PROGRAMME SL COUNTERPARTIES 
 
215 
The information set out below has been obtained from Citibank Europe plc. Such information has been 
accurately reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and able to ascertain from information published by 
Citibank Europe plc, no facts have been omitted that would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading. 
Name 
Citibank Europe plc 
Address 
1 North Wall Quay, Dublin 1, Ireland 
Country of incorporation 
Ireland 
Nature of business 
Citibank Europe plc was incorporated in Ireland on 9 June 1988 under registration number 132781, is a public 
company limited by shares and is authorised by the Central Bank of Ireland as a credit institution and jointly 
regulated by the Central Bank of Ireland and the European Central Bank. Citibank Europe plc, is an indirect 
wholly-owned subsidiary of Citigroup Inc, a Delaware holding company. 
The obligations of Citibank Europe plc under any Swap Agreement, Repo Agreement or SL Agreement will not 
be guaranteed by Citigroup or by any other affiliate. 
Admission to trading of securities 
Citibank Europe plc does not have securities admitted to trading on a regulated market or equivalent third 
country market or SME Growth Market for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 216 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME SWAP COUNTERPARTIES, THE PROGRAMME REPO 
COUNTERPARTIES AND THE PROGRAMME SL COUNTERPARTIES 
 
216 
The information set out below has been obtained from Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG. Such information 
has been accurately reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and able to ascertain from information 
published by Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG, no facts have been omitted that would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
Name 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Address 
Frankfurter Welle, Reuterweg 16, 60323 Frankfurt am Main, Federal Republic of Germany  
Country of incorporation 
Federal Republic of Germany  
Nature of business 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG was incorporated in Germany on 10 June 2010 and is entered in the 
commercial register of the Frankfurt/Main Local Court under the number HRB 88301. Citigroup Global Markets 
Europe AG is a stock corporation (Aktiengesellschaft, “AG”) under German law and is authorised and regulated 
by the Federal Financial Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht, “BaFin”). 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Citigroup Global Markets Limited which in 
turn is a wholly owned indirect subsidiary of Citigroup Inc. 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG is an investment firm, offering companies, governments and institutional 
investors comprehensive financial strategies in investment banking, fixed income, foreign exchange and 
equities and derivatives.  
Admission to trading of securities 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG does not have securities admitted to trading on a regulated market or 
equivalent third country market or SME Growth Market for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 217 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME SWAP COUNTERPARTIES, THE PROGRAMME REPO 
COUNTERPARTIES AND THE PROGRAMME SL COUNTERPARTIES 
 
217 
The information set out below has been obtained from Citigroup Global Markets Inc. Such information has 
been accurately reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and able to ascertain from information published 
by Citigroup Global Markets Inc., no facts have been omitted that would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading. 
Name 
Citigroup Global Markets Inc. 
Address 
388 Greenwich Street, New York, New York 10013, United States 
Country of incorporation 
United States of America  
Nature of business 
Citigroup Global Markets Inc. (“CGMI” or the “Corporation”) was incorporated in New York on February 23, 
1977 and is registered as a securities broker dealer and investment advisor with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission, a municipal securities dealer and advisor with the Municipal Securities Rulemaking Board, and 
registered swap dealer and futures commission merchant with the Commodities Future Trading Commission. 
The Corporation is a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, the Securities Investor Protection 
Corporation, the National Futures Association (NFA) and other self-regulatory organizations.  
The Corporation is a dealer, market-maker and underwriter in equities, fixed income securities and 
commodities, and provides a full range of products and services, including securities services, sales and 
trading, institutional brokerage, underwriting, and advisory services to a wide range of corporate, institutional, 
public sector, and high-net-worth clients. CGMI’s activities also include securities lending and repurchase 
agreements, prime brokerage, and operational support for clearing and settlement activities. 
Admission to trading of securities 
CGMI does not have securities admitted to trading on a regulated market or equivalent third country market or 
SME Growth Market for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 218 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME SWAP COUNTERPARTIES, THE PROGRAMME REPO 
COUNTERPARTIES AND THE PROGRAMME SL COUNTERPARTIES 
 
218 
The information set out below has been obtained from Citigroup Global Markets Limited. Such information has 
been accurately reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and able to ascertain from information published 
by Citigroup Global Markets Limited, no facts have been omitted that would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading. 
Name 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Address 
Citigroup Centre, 25 Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB 
Country of incorporation 
England and Wales 
Nature of business 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited is a private company limited by shares to which the Companies Act 2006 
applies and was incorporated in England and Wales on 21 October 1983. Citigroup Global Markets Limited is 
domiciled in England, its registered office is at Citigroup Centre, 25 Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London 
E14 5LB and its telephone number is +44 (0) 20 7986 4000. The registration number of Citigroup Global 
Markets Limited is 01763297 on the register maintained by Companies House.  
Citigroup Global Markets Limited is a wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of Citigroup Inc. and is authorised by the 
Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation 
Authority. It is a dealer, market maker and underwriter in equity, fixed income securities and commodities, as 
well as providing advisory services to a wide range of corporate, institutional and government clients. It is 
headquartered in London and operates globally, generating the majority of its business from the Europe, 
Middle East and Africa region, with the remainder coming from Asia and the Americas. Citigroup Global 
Markets Limited also markets securities owned by other group undertakings on a commission basis.  
Admission to trading of securities 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited does not have securities admitted to trading on a regulated market or 
equivalent third country market or SME Growth Market for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 219 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME SWAP COUNTERPARTIES, THE PROGRAMME REPO 
COUNTERPARTIES AND THE PROGRAMME SL COUNTERPARTIES 
 
219 
The information set out below has been obtained from Citigroup Global Markets Japan Inc. Such information 
has been accurately reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and able to ascertain from information 
published by Citigroup Global Markets Japan Inc., no facts have been omitted that would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
Name 
Citigroup Global Markets Japan Inc. 
Address 
Otemachi Park Building, 1-1, Otemachi 1-chrome, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo 100-8132, Japan 
Country of incorporation 
Japan 
Nature of business 
Citigroup Global Markets Japan Inc. is a limited liability company (kabushiki kaisha) under the Company Act of 
Japan (Law No. 86 of 2005; as amended), incorporated in Japan on 9 February 2001. Citigroup Global Markets 
Japan Inc. is domiciled in Japan, its registered address and principal place of business is Otemachi Park 
Building, 1-1, Otemachi 1-chrome, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo 100-8132, Japan. The telephone number of Citigroup 
Global Markets Japan Inc. is +81-(0)3-6776-8800.  
Citigroup Global Markets Japan Inc. is an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Citigroup Inc. and, as Citigroup’s 
platform in Japan, provides investment banking, brokerage and trading and various other financial products 
and services to institutional customers. Citigroup Global Markets Japan Inc. is subject to regulation and 
examination primarily by the Financial Services Agency of Japan and also by the Bank of Japan. Citigroup 
Global Markets Japan Inc. operates its businesses in Japan, with registrations to conduct a type I financial 
instruments business and a type II financial instruments business (as defined in the Financial Instruments and 
Exchange Act of Japan (Law No. 25 of 1948; as amended). Citigroup Global Markets Japan Inc. mainly 
focuses its businesses on the brokerage and trading in securities and their related products (including, without 
limitation, derivatives and loans) and capital markets, investment banking and research services for wholesale 
customers (e.g., financial institutions, other institutional investors and corporations). 
Admission to trading of securities 
Citigroup Global Markets Japan Inc. does not have securities admitted to trading on a regulated market or 
equivalent third country market or SME Growth Market for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 220 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME SWAP COUNTERPARTIES, THE PROGRAMME REPO 
COUNTERPARTIES AND THE PROGRAMME SL COUNTERPARTIES 
 
220 
The information set out below has been obtained from Citibank, N.A., London Branch. Such information has 
been accurately reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and able to ascertain from information published 
by Citibank, N.A., London Branch, no facts have been omitted that would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading. 
Name 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Address 
Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB, England 
Country of incorporation 
United States 
Nature of business 
Citibank, N.A. was originally organised as the City Bank of New York in 1812, and now is a national banking 
association organised under the National Bank Act of 1864 of the United States with charter no: 1461. Citibank, 
N.A. is a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of Citicorp LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, which is a direct, 
wholly owned subsidiary of Citigroup Inc., a Delaware corporation and a financial holding company under the 
U.S. Bank Holding Company Act of 1956. Citibank, N.A. has its main office at 5800 S. Corporate Place, Sioux 
Falls, South Dakota 57108, and its principal place of business at 388 Greenwich Street, New York, New York, 
10013 United States of America, and its main telephone number is 212-559-1000. As of 31 December 2020 the 
total assets of Citibank, N.A. and its consolidated subsidiaries represented approximately 73 per cent. of the 
total assets of Citigroup and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
Citibank, N.A. was registered in the United Kingdom as a foreign company in June 1920 and subsequently 
registered in July 1993 as having established a branch in England and Wales. The principal office of Citibank, 
N.A., London Branch is located at Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB, England 
(Telephone: +44 20 7500 5000). Citibank, N.A. is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority (the “PRA”) 
and subject to regulation by the Financial Conduct Authority and limited regulation by the PRA as a fully 
authorised commercial banking institution offering a wide range of corporate banking products conducted from 
its UK office. 
Citibank, N.A.’s principal offerings include consumer finance, mortgage lending, retail banking (including 
commercial banking) products and services, investment banking, cash management, trade finance and private 
banking products and services. 
Citibank, N.A. is subject to regulation and examination primarily by the Office of the Comptroller of the 
Currency (the “OCC”) and also by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the “FDIC”) and the Board of 
Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the “FRB”). The foreign branch representative offices and 
subsidiaries of Citibank, N.A. are subject to regulation and examination by their respective foreign financial 
regulators as well as by the OCC and the FRB. 
Admission to trading of securities 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch, does not have securities admitted to trading on a regulated market or 
equivalent third country market or SME Growth Market for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 221 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME SWAP COUNTERPARTIES, THE PROGRAMME REPO 
COUNTERPARTIES AND THE PROGRAMME SL COUNTERPARTIES 
 
221 
The information set out below has been obtained from Citibank Korea Inc. Such information has been 
accurately reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and able to ascertain from information published by 
Citibank Korea Inc., no facts have been omitted that would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading. 
Name 
Citibank Korea Inc. 
Address 
50 Saemunan-ro, Jongno-gu, Seoul 03184, Republic of (South) Korea  
Country of incorporation 
Republic of (South) Korea 
Nature of business 
Citibank Korea Inc. is a stock company under the Korean Commercial Code and was formed on 1 November 
2004, after the acquisition of KorAm Bank, which was first established in 1983. Citibank Korea Inc. is a 
subsidiary of Citigroup Inc. and as of 1 April 2022, Citigroup Inc. held 99.98% of Citibank Korea Inc. through 
Citibank Overseas Investment Corporation. Citibank Korea Inc. is domiciled in South Korea, its registered office 
is at 50 Saemunan-ro, Jongno-gu, Seoul 03184, Republic of (South) Korea and its telephone number is +82 2 
3455 2114.  
Citibank Korea Inc. is authorised to engage in a full-service banking business in South Korea and its objects 
and purposes are stated in Article 2 of its Articles of Incorporation as being to “engage in the banking business, 
foreign exchange business, trust business and any ancillary or related businesses in association therewith”. As 
of 1 April 2022, Citibank Korea Inc. has operated, for management reporting purposes, via two primary 
business segments: Global Consumer Banking and Institutional Clients Group, although it plans to wind down 
the Global Consumer Banking business in Korea as part of Citigroup’s global refresh strategy published on 15 
April 2021. 
 Admission to trading of securities 
Citibank Korea Inc. does not have securities admitted to trading on a regulated market or equivalent third 
country market or SME Growth Market for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 222 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME SWAP COUNTERPARTIES, THE PROGRAMME REPO 
COUNTERPARTIES AND THE PROGRAMME SL COUNTERPARTIES 
 
222 
The information set out below has been obtained from Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank. Such 
information has been accurately reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and able to ascertain from 
information published by Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, no facts have been omitted that 
would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
Name 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
Address 
12, place des Etats-Unis, CS 70052, 92547 Montrouge Cedex, France 
Country of incorporation 
France 
Nature of business 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank is a credit institution approved in France and authorised to 
conduct all banking operations and provide all investment and related services referred to in the French 
Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier). In this respect, Crédit Agricole Corporate and 
Investment Bank is subject to oversight of the European and French responsible supervisory authorities, 
particularly the European Central Bank and the French Prudential and Resolution Supervisory Authority 
(ACPR).  
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank is the corporate and investment banking arm of the Crédit 
Agricole Group. 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank offers banking services to its customers on a global basis. Its 
main activities are financing, capital markets and investment banking and wealth management:  
(i) 
financing activities, which include corporate banking in France and internationally and structured 
finance: financing of projects, financing of aeronautics, financing of shipping, financing of acquisitions, 
financing of real estate; 
(ii) 
capital markets and investment banking activities bring together capital market activities (treasury, 
foreign exchange, interest rate derivatives, debt markets), and investment banking activities (mergers 
and acquisitions consulting and primary equity advisory); and 
(iii) 
Crédit Agricole CIB is also active in Wealth Management through its locations in France, Belgium, 
Switzerland, Luxembourg, Monaco, Spain, Brazil and Asia. 
Admission to trading of securities 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank has securities admitted to trading on the regulated market of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.

--- Page 223 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME SWAP COUNTERPARTIES, THE PROGRAMME REPO 
COUNTERPARTIES AND THE PROGRAMME SL COUNTERPARTIES 
 
223 
The information set out below has been obtained from Credit Suisse International. Such information has been 
accurately reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and able to ascertain from information published by 
Credit Suisse International, no facts have been omitted that would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading. 
Name 
Credit Suisse International 
Address 
One Cabot Square 
London E14 4QJ 
United Kingdom 
Country of incorporation 
England and Wales 
Nature of business 
The principal business of Credit Suisse International is banking, including the trading of derivative products 
linked to interest rates, foreign exchange, equities, commodities and credit. The primary objective of Credit 
Suisse International is to provide comprehensive treasury and risk management derivative product services. 
Credit Suisse International has established a significant presence in global derivative markets through offering 
a full range of derivative products and continues to develop new products in response to the needs of its 
customers and changes in underlying markets. The business is managed as part of the Investment Bank 
Division of Credit Suisse AG. 
Admission to trading of securities 
Credit Suisse International has securities admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange.

--- Page 224 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME SWAP COUNTERPARTIES, THE PROGRAMME REPO 
COUNTERPARTIES AND THE PROGRAMME SL COUNTERPARTIES 
 
224 
 
The information set out below has been obtained from Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft. Such information 
has been accurately reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and able to ascertain from information 
published by Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, no facts have been omitted that would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading. 
Name 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Address 
Taunusanlage 12, 60325 Frankfurt am Main, Germany 
Country of Incorporation 
Federal Republic of Germany 
Nature of business 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft (“Deutsche Bank”) originated from the reunification of Norddeutsche Bank 
Aktiengesellschaft, Hamburg, Rheinisch-Westfälische Bank Aktiengesellschaft, Duesseldorf and Süddeutsche 
Bank Aktiengesellschaft, Munich; pursuant to the Law on the Regional Scope of Credit Institutions, these had 
been disincorporated in 1952 from Deutsche Bank which was founded in 1870. The merger and the name were 
entered in the Commercial Register of the District Court Frankfurt am Main on 02 May 1957. Deutsche Bank is 
a banking institution and a stock corporation incorporated under the laws of Germany under registration 
number HRB 30 000. It maintains its head office in Frankfurt am Main and branch offices in Germany and 
abroad including in London. 
The objects of Deutsche Bank, as laid down in its articles of association, include the transaction of all kinds of 
banking business, the provision of financial and other services and the promotion of international economic 
relations. Deutsche Bank is set-up into four divisions: a Corporate Bank, Investment Bank, Private Bank and an 
asset manager, DWS. The Investment Bank combines Deutsche Bank’s Fixed Income & Currencies, Corporate 
Finance, as well as Deutsche Bank Research. It focuses on its traditional strengths in financing, advisory, fixed 
income and currencies. It provides strategic advice to corporate clients and includes a focused equity capital 
markets business, an equity and macro research capacity as well as a targeted equity sales force. 
Admission to trading of securities 
Deutsche Bank has securities admitted to trading on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange and the New York Stock 
Exchange.

--- Page 225 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME SWAP COUNTERPARTIES, THE PROGRAMME REPO 
COUNTERPARTIES AND THE PROGRAMME SL COUNTERPARTIES 
 
225 
 
The information set out below has been obtained from Goldman Sachs International. Such information has 
been accurately reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and able to ascertain from information published 
by Goldman Sachs International, no facts have been omitted that would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading. 
Name  
Goldman Sachs International  
Address and incorporation  
Goldman Sachs International (“GSI”) is a private company with unlimited liability under the laws of England and 
Wales, with company registration number 02263951, and registered address Plumtree Court, 25 Shoe Lane, 
London EC4A 4AU, England, telephone number +44 20-7774-1000.  
Business activities  
GSI delivers a broad range of financial services to clients located worldwide. GSI also operates a number of 
branches and representative offices across Europe, the Middle East and Africa (EMEA) to provide financial 
services to clients in those regions. GSI seeks to be the advisor of choice for its clients and a leading 
participant in global financial markets. GSI generates revenues from the following business activities: 
Investment Banking; Fixed Income, Currency and Commodities (FICC); Equities; and Investment Management, 
which includes Asset management and Wealth management. 
GSI’s primary regulators are the Prudential Regulation Authority (PRA) and the Financial Conduct Authority 
(FCA). 
Admission to trading of securities  
GSI has debt securities listed and admitted to trading on the regulated markets of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and Euronext Dublin, amongst others.

--- Page 226 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME SWAP COUNTERPARTIES, THE PROGRAMME REPO 
COUNTERPARTIES AND THE PROGRAMME SL COUNTERPARTIES 
 
226 
 
The information set out below has been obtained from Goldman Sachs International Bank. Such information 
has been accurately reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and able to ascertain from information 
published by Goldman Sachs International Bank, no facts have been omitted that would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading. 
Name 
Goldman Sachs International Bank 
Address and incorporation 
Goldman Sachs International Bank (“GSIB”) is a private company with unlimited liability under the laws of 
England and Wales, with company registration number 01122503, and registered address Plumtree Court, 25 
Shoe Lane, London EC4A 4AU, England, telephone number +44 20-7774-1000. 
Business activities 
GSIB is involved in lending and deposit-taking activities, securities lending and acts as a primary dealer for UK 
government bonds. GSIB’s principal office is in the UK, and GSIB has branches in Germany, which is involved 
in lending and deposit-taking activities, and South Africa, which is involved in client execution activities. 
GSIB’s primary regulators are the Prudential Regulation Authority (PRA) and the Financial Conduct Authority 
(FCA).  
Admission to trading of securities 
GSIB has securities listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.

--- Page 227 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME SWAP COUNTERPARTIES, THE PROGRAMME REPO 
COUNTERPARTIES AND THE PROGRAMME SL COUNTERPARTIES 
 
227 
The information set out below has been obtained from HSBC Bank plc. Such information has been accurately 
reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and able to ascertain from information published by HSBC Bank 
plc, no facts have been omitted that would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
Name 
HSBC Bank plc 
Address 
8 Canada Square, London E14 5HQ, United Kingdom 
Country of incorporation 
The United Kingdom 
Nature of business 
HSBC Bank plc and its subsidiaries form a group providing a range of banking products and services. 
HSBC Bank plc (formerly Midland Bank plc) was formed in England in 1836 and subsequently incorporated as 
a company limited by shares in 1880. In 1923, the company adopted the name Midland Bank Limited, which it 
held until 1982 when it re-registered as a public limited company and changed its name to Midland Bank plc. In 
1992, Midland Bank plc became a wholly owned subsidiary undertaking of HSBC Holdings plc, whose Group 
Head Office is at 8 Canada Square, London E14 5HQ. HSBC Bank plc adopted its current name, changing 
from Midland Bank plc, in 1999. 
HSBC Holdings plc, the parent company of the HSBC Group, is headquartered in London. As at the date of this 
Prospectus, the Group serves customers worldwide across 64 countries and territories in Europe, Asia, North 
America, Latin America, and Middle East and North Africa. With assets of $2,958bn at 31 December 2021, 
HSBC is one of the largest banking and financial services organisations in the world. 
The short term senior unsecured and unguaranteed obligations of HSBC Bank plc are, as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, rated P-1 by Moody's and A-1 by Standard & Poor's and HSBC Bank plc has a short term 
issuer default rating of F1+ from Fitch. The long term senior unsecured and unguaranteed obligations of HSBC 
Bank plc are rated A1 by Moody's and A+ by Standard & Poor's and HSBC Bank plc has a long term issuer 
default rating of AA- from Fitch. 
HSBC Bank plc is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct 
Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority. HSBC Bank plc's principal place of business in the United 
Kingdom is 8 Canada Square, London E14 5HQ. 
Admission to trading of securities 
HSBC Bank plc has securities admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange.

--- Page 228 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME SWAP COUNTERPARTIES, THE PROGRAMME REPO 
COUNTERPARTIES AND THE PROGRAMME SL COUNTERPARTIES 
 
228 
The information set out below has been obtained from J.P. Morgan SE. Such information has been accurately 
reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and able to ascertain from information published by J.P. Morgan 
SE, no facts have been omitted that would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
Name 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Address 
The business address of J.P. Morgan SE is TaunusTurm, Taunustor 1, 60310 Frankfurt am Main, Germany. 
Country of incorporation 
Germany 
Nature of business 
J.P. Morgan SE is an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of JPMorgan Chase & Co. J.P. Morgan SE is active 
primarily in transaction banking, depositary and custody services, global clearing, private banking, markets and 
lending business for EEA clients and acts globally with respect to Euro clearing. J.P. Morgan SE has a full 
banking licence pursuant to Section 1 (1) of the Kreditwesengesetz (German Banking Act) (Nos. 1 to 5 and 7 to 
9) and conducts banking business with institutional clients, banks, corporate clients, private clients and clients 
from the public sector. 
Admission to trading of securities 
J.P. Morgan SE does not have securities admitted to trading on a regulated market or equivalent third country 
market or SME Growth Market for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 229 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME SWAP COUNTERPARTIES, THE PROGRAMME REPO 
COUNTERPARTIES AND THE PROGRAMME SL COUNTERPARTIES 
 
229 
The information set out below has been obtained from J.P. Morgan Securities plc. Such information has been 
accurately reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and able to ascertain from information published by 
J.P. Morgan Securities plc, no facts have been omitted that would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading. 
Name 
J.P. Morgan Securities plc 
Address 
The business address of JPMS plc is 25 Bank Street, Canary Wharf, London E14 5JP 
Country of incorporation 
England and Wales 
Nature of business 
J.P. Morgan Securities plc is a principal subsidiary of JPMorgan Chase and Co. in the United Kingdom. J.P. 
Morgan Securities plc engages in international investment banking activity, including activity across Markets, 
Investor Services and Banking lines of business. Within these lines of business, its activities include 
underwriting government and corporate bonds, equities and other securities; arranging private placements of 
debt and convertible securities; trading in debt securities, equity securities, commodities, swaps and other 
derivatives; providing brokerage and clearing services for exchange traded futures and options contracts; 
lending related activities and providing investment banking advisory services. 
Admission to trading of securities 
J.P. Morgan Securities plc does not have securities admitted to trading on a regulated market or equivalent 
third country market or SME Growth Market for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 230 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME SWAP COUNTERPARTIES, THE PROGRAMME REPO 
COUNTERPARTIES AND THE PROGRAMME SL COUNTERPARTIES 
 
230 
The information set out below has been obtained from J.P. Morgan Securities (Far East) Limited, Seoul 
Branch. Such information has been accurately reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and able to 
ascertain from information published by J.P. Morgan Securities (Far East) Limited, Seoul Branch, no facts have 
been omitted that would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
Name 
J.P. Morgan Securities (Far East) Limited, Seoul Branch 
Address 
The business address of J.P. Morgan Securities (Far East) Limited, Seoul Branch is 35, Seosomun-ro 11-gil, 
Jung-gu, Seoul 04516, Republic of Korea 
Country of incorporation 
Republic of Korea 
Nature of business 
J.P. Morgan Securities (Far East) Limited, Seoul Branch is a branch of J.P. Morgan Securities (Far East) 
Limited, an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of JPMorgan Chase & Co. J.P. Morgan Securities (Far East) 
Limited, Seoul Branch is licensed to provide financial investment services under the Financial Investment 
Services and Capital Markets Act of Korea and engages in diverse investment banking activities, including 
activities across Markets and Banking lines of business. 
Admission to trading of securities 
J.P. Morgan Securities (Far East) Limited, Seoul Branch does not have securities admitted to trading on a 
regulated market or equivalent third country market or SME Growth Market for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation.

--- Page 231 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME SWAP COUNTERPARTIES, THE PROGRAMME REPO 
COUNTERPARTIES AND THE PROGRAMME SL COUNTERPARTIES 
 
231 
The information set out below has been obtained from Merrill Lynch International. Such information has been 
accurately reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and able to ascertain from information published by 
Merrill Lynch International, no facts have been omitted that would render the reproduced information inaccurate 
or misleading. 
Name 
Merrill Lynch International 
Address 
2 King Edward Street, London EC1A 1HQ 
Country of incorporation 
England and Wales 
Nature of business 
Merrill Lynch International (“MLI”) is a company incorporated in England and Wales and is authorised and 
regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority. MLI is a wholly owned 
subsidiary of ML UK Capital Holdings Limited and the ultimate parent of MLI is Bank of America Corporation. 
The registered address of MLI is 2 King Edward Street, London, EC1A 1HQ. MLI's principal activities are to 
provide a wide range of financial services globally for business originated in Europe, the Middle East and 
Africa, Asia Pacific and the Americas, to act as a broker dealer in financial instruments and to provide 
corporate finance advisory services. MLI also provides a number of post-trade services to third party clients, 
including clearing and settlement. 
Admission to trading of securities 
Merrill Lynch International does not have securities admitted to trading on a regulated market or equivalent 
third country market or SME Growth Market for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 232 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME SWAP COUNTERPARTIES, THE PROGRAMME REPO 
COUNTERPARTIES AND THE PROGRAMME SL COUNTERPARTIES 
 
232 
The information set out below has been obtained from BofA Securities Europe SA. Such information has been 
accurately reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and able to ascertain from information published by 
BofA Securities Europe SA, no facts have been omitted that would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading. 
Name 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
Address 
51 Rue La Boétie, 75008, Paris, France 
Country of incorporation 
France 
Nature of business 
BofA Securities Europe SA (“BofASE”) is a company incorporated in France and is authorised as an 
investment firm by the ACPR and regulated by the ACPR and the AMF. BofASE is a wholly owned, indirect 
subsidiary of Bank of America Corporation. BofASE is registered under n° 842 602 690 RCS Paris with its 
registered address of BofASE is 51 rue La Boétie, 75008 Paris France and its share capital can be found at 
https://www.bofaml.com/en-us/content/BofASE.html. BofASE’s principal activities are to provide a wide range 
of financial services globally for business originated in the EEA and to act as a broker dealer in financial 
instruments. BofASE also provides a number of post-trade services to third party clients, including clearing and 
settlement. 
Admission to trading of securities 
BofA Securities Europe SA does not have securities admitted to trading on a regulated market or equivalent 
third country market or SME Growth Market for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 233 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME SWAP COUNTERPARTIES, THE PROGRAMME REPO 
COUNTERPARTIES AND THE PROGRAMME SL COUNTERPARTIES 
 
233 
The information set out below has been obtained from Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc. Such 
information has been accurately reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and able to ascertain from 
information published by Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc, no facts have been omitted that would render 
the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
Name 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc (“MSIP”) 
Address 
25 Cabot Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 4QA 
Country of incorporation 
England and Wales 
Nature of business 
MSIP forms part of a group of companies including MSIP and all of its subsidiary and associated undertakings 
(“MSIP Group”). The principal activity of the MSIP Group is the provision of financial services to corporations, 
governments and financial institutions. 
MSIP operates globally with a particular focus in Europe.  
The MSIP Group provides capital raising; financial advisory services, including advice on mergers and 
acquisitions, restructurings, real estate and project finance; corporate lending; sales, trading, financing and 
market-making activities in equity and fixed income products, including foreign exchange and commodities; and 
investment activities. 
Admission to trading of securities 
MSIP has certain non-equity securities listed on the main market of the London Stock Exchange plc and 
securities admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.

--- Page 234 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME SWAP COUNTERPARTIES, THE PROGRAMME REPO 
COUNTERPARTIES AND THE PROGRAMME SL COUNTERPARTIES 
 
234 
The information set out below has been obtained from Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC. Such information has been 
accurately reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and able to ascertain from information published by 
Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, no facts have been omitted that would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading.  
Name 
Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC (“MSCO”) 
Address 
1585 Broadway, New York, New York, 10036 
Country of incorporation 
Delaware, United States of America 
Nature of business 
MSCO operates as the Firm’s primary institutional U.S. broker-dealer and is registered with the SEC as a 
broker-dealer. It is also registered with the CFTC as a Futures Commission Merchant and as a provisionally 
registered Swap Dealer. A wholly-owned, indirect subsidiary of MS Parent, MSCO operates within the Firm’s 
ISG Core Business Line. 
MSCO engages in the provision of financial services to corporations, governments, financial institutions and 
institutional investors. MSCO provides a variety of financial services, including: 
(i) 
Securities underwriting and distribution; 
(ii) 
Securities research; 
(iii) 
Sales, trading, financing and market-making in equity securities and related products and fixed income 
securities and related products including foreign exchange; 
(iv) 
Equity, fixed income and commodity listed and OTC derivatives transactions; 
(v) 
Listed futures and options execution and clearing services; 
(vi) 
Prime brokerage services; 
(vii) 
Securities lending and borrowing; 
(viii) 
Financial advisory services, including advice on mergers and acquisitions, restructurings, real estate and 
project finance; 
(ix) 
Credit and other lending products; and 
(x) 
Cash management services. 
MSCO participates in the market for a large number of financial instruments, including equities, exchange 
traded funds, OTC equity options, preferred stock, warrants, listed futures and options, reverse repos/repos, 
government and agency debt, municipal debt, corporate debt, structured notes, commercial paper, money 
market and other short-term securities, asset-backed, commercial mortgage-backed and residential mortgage-
backed securities and spot/forward and derivatives on foreign exchange. 
As of December 31, 2019, MSCO had total assets of approximately $325.796 billion. 
Admission to trading of securities 
MSCO does not have securities admitted to trading on a regulated market or equivalent third country market or 
SME Growth Market for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 235 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME SWAP COUNTERPARTIES, THE PROGRAMME REPO 
COUNTERPARTIES AND THE PROGRAMME SL COUNTERPARTIES 
 
235 
The information set out below has been obtained from Morgan Stanley Capital Services LLC. Such information 
has been accurately reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and able to ascertain from information 
published by Morgan Stanley Capital Services LLC, no facts have been omitted that would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.  
Name 
Morgan Stanley Capital Services LLC (“MSCS”) 
Address 
1585 Broadway, New York, New York, 10036 
Country of incorporation 
Delaware, United States of America 
Nature of business 
MSCS is the Firm’s primary OTC derivatives dealer and is provisionally registered with the CFTC as a swap 
dealer. A wholly-owned, indirect subsidiary of MS Parent, MSCO operates within the Firm’s ISG Core Business 
Line.  
Significant products traded include: Equity Swaps, Interest Rate Derivatives, Credit Derivatives and FX 
Derivatives. MSCS centrally manages the market risk associated with a substantial amount of the Firm’s OTC 
derivatives businesses, including transactions cleared by central clearinghouses. 
As of December 31, 2019, MSCS had total assets of approximately $89.127 billion. 
Admission to trading of securities 
MSCS does not have securities admitted to trading on a regulated market or equivalent third country market or 
SME Growth Market for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 236 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME SWAP COUNTERPARTIES, THE PROGRAMME REPO 
COUNTERPARTIES AND THE PROGRAMME SL COUNTERPARTIES 
 
236 
The information set out below has been obtained from Morgan Stanley Europe SE. Such information has been 
accurately reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and able to ascertain from information published by 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE, no facts have been omitted that would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading.  
Name 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE (“MSESE”) 
Address 
Grosse Gallusstrasse 18 
60312 Frankfurt am Main  
Germany 
Country of incorporation 
Germany 
Nature of business 
The principal activity of the MSESE is the provision of financial services to corporations, governments and 
financial institutions. 
MSESE operations are focused in Europe. It operates branches in Paris, Warsaw, Milan, Amsterdam and 
Stockholm. 
Admission to trading of securities 
MSESE does not have securities admitted to trading on a regulated market or equivalent third country 
market or SME Growth Market for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 237 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME SWAP COUNTERPARTIES, THE PROGRAMME REPO 
COUNTERPARTIES AND THE PROGRAMME SL COUNTERPARTIES 
 
237 
The information set out below has been obtained from Natixis S.A. Such information has been accurately 
reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and able to ascertain from information published by Natixis S.A., 
no facts have been omitted that would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
Name 
Natixis S.A. (“NATIXIS”) 
Address 
NATIXIS has its registered office address at 30 avenue Pierre Mendès-France, 75013 Paris, France. 
Country of incorporation 
France 
Nature of business 
NATIXIS is a French limited liability company (société anonyme à conseil d’administration) registered with the 
Registre du Commerce et des Sociétés de Paris under No. 542 044 524. 
With effect as of 31 July 2009 (non-inclusive), NATIXIS is affiliated with BPCE, the central body of Groupe 
BPCE. This affiliation with BPCE replaces, with effect as of the same date, the dual affiliation of NATIXIS with 
Caisse Nationale des Caisses d’Epargne et de Prévoyance and Banque Fédérale des Banques Populaires, 
which was governed by a dual affiliation agreement terminated on the same date.  
NATIXIS is a French multinational financial services firm specialized in asset & wealth management and 
corporate & investment banking. A subsidiary of Groupe BPCE, the second-largest banking group in France 
through its two retail banking networks, Banque Populaire and Caisse d’Epargne, Natixis is located in 35 
countries, notably through Natixis Investment Managers and Natixis Corporate & Investment Banking. Its 
clients include corporations, financial institutions, sovereign and supranational organizations, and the 
customers of Groupe BPCE’s networks. 
Admission to trading of securities 
As at 31 March 2022, NATIXIS has securities admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Paris.

--- Page 238 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME SWAP COUNTERPARTIES, THE PROGRAMME REPO 
COUNTERPARTIES AND THE PROGRAMME SL COUNTERPARTIES 
 
238 
The information set out below has been obtained from NatWest Markets Plc. Such information has been 
accurately reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and able to ascertain from information published by 
NatWest Markets Plc, no facts have been omitted that would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading. 
Name 
NatWest Markets Plc 
Address 
Registered Office: 36 St Andrew Square Edinburgh EH2 2YB Scotland 
Principal Office: 250 Bishopsgate London EC2M 4AA England 
Country of incorporation 
Scotland 
Nature of business 
NatWest Markets Plc (“NWM Plc”) is a wholly-owned subsidiary of NatWest Group plc (the “holding 
company”). The “NWM Group” comprises NWM Plc and its subsidiary and associated undertakings. The 
“NatWest Group” comprises the holding company and its subsidiary and associated undertakings, including 
the NWM Group. 
As part of NatWest Group, NWM Plc supports many of the NatWest Group’s corporate and institutional 
customers which includes banks, asset managers, insurers, pension funds, sponsors, sovereigns, 
supranationals and agencies. NWM Plc works in close collaboration with teams across the NatWest Group to 
provide capital markets and risk management solutions to its customers and be partner of choice for those 
customers’ financial markets needs. 
Further information relating to the NWM Group can be found in the NWM Plc 2021 Annual Report and 
Accounts, any relevant NWM Group Registration Document (including any updates or supplements thereto) 
and 
other 
relevant 
filings 
or 
announcements, 
which 
can 
be 
found 
at 
https://investors.natwestgroup.com/regulatory-news/company-announcements.   
The 
most 
recent 
ratings 
of 
NWM 
Plc 
and 
the 
respective 
entities 
can 
be 
found 
at 
https://investors.natwestgroup.com/fixed-income-investors/credit-ratings.  
Admission to trading of securities 
NWM Plc has securities admitted to trading on the regulated market of the London Stock Exchange plc.

--- Page 239 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME SWAP COUNTERPARTIES, THE PROGRAMME REPO 
COUNTERPARTIES AND THE PROGRAMME SL COUNTERPARTIES 
 
239 
The information set out below has been obtained from Natwest Markets N.V. Such information has been 
accurately reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and able to ascertain from information published by 
Natwest Markets N.V., no facts have been omitted that would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading. 
Name 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Address 
Claude Debussylaan 94 1082MD Amsterdam 
Country of incorporation 
The Netherlands 
Nature of business 
NatWest Markets N.V. (“NWM N.V.”), a public limited liability company incorporated under Dutch law on the 
30th May 1990, is a direct subsidiary of NatWest Markets Plc (“NWM Plc”) and ultimately a wholly-owned 
(indirect) subsidiary of NatWest Group plc (the "holding company").  
The “NWM Group” comprises NWM Plc and its subsidiary and associated undertakings, including NWM N.V.. 
The “NatWest Group” comprises the holding company and its subsidiary and associated undertakings, 
including the NWM Group. 
NWM N.V., a licensed bank, operates as an investment banking firm serving corporates and financial 
institutions in the European Economic Area EEA. NWM N.V. offers financing and risk solutions which includes 
debt capital markets and risk management, as well as trading and flow sales that provides liquidity and risk 
management in rates, currencies, credit, and securitised products. In February 2020, NatWest Group 
announced its ‘Purpose-led Strategy’, which is focused on becoming a Purpose-led business designed to 
champion potential, and to help individuals, families and businesses to thrive. This strategy has required, and 
continues to require, changes in the business of NWM Group, including NWM N.V., including an increased 
focus on serving NatWest Group’s corporate and institutional customer base. To date, NWM Group, including 
NWM N.V., has implemented this strategy through its ‘NWM Refocusing’ initiative by simplifying its operating 
model and technology platform, as well as reducing its cost base and capital requirements. 
As at 31 December 2021, NWM N.V. had a total capital ratio of 37.4% with a CET1 capital ratio of 29.7%. 
Further information relating to NWM N.V. and the NWM Group respectively can be found in the NWM N.V. 
2021 Annual Report and Accounts, the NWM Group 2021 Annual Report and Accounts and other relevant 
filings or announcements, which can be found at https://investors.natwestgroup.com/regulatory-news/company-
announcements. 
The 
most 
recent 
rating 
of 
NWM 
N.V. 
and 
the 
respective 
entities 
can 
be 
found 
on 
https://investors.natwestgroup.com/fixed-income-investors/credit-ratings.  
Admission to trading of securities 
NatWest Markets N.V. has securities admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange.

--- Page 240 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME SWAP COUNTERPARTIES, THE PROGRAMME REPO 
COUNTERPARTIES AND THE PROGRAMME SL COUNTERPARTIES 
 
240 
The information set out below has been obtained from Nomura International plc. Such information has been 
accurately reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and able to ascertain from information published by 
Nomura International plc, no facts have been omitted that would render the reproduced information inaccurate 
or misleading. 
Name 
Nomura International plc (“NIplc”) 
Address 
1 Angel Lane, London, EC4R 3AB, United Kingdom 
Country of incorporation 
England and Wales 
Nature of business 
NIplc is a London-based securities broker-dealer operating company and is a wholly owned subsidiary of 
Nomura Europe Holdings plc (“NEHS”). NIplc’s ultimate parent undertaking and controlling entity is Nomura 
Holdings, Inc. (“NHI”) which together with NIplc, NEHS and NHI’s other subsidiary undertakings form the 
“Nomura Group”. 
The Nomura Group is a financial services group based in Japan with branches in countries and regions all over 
the world, including Singapore, Hong Kong, the US and the UK. The Nomura Group’s business comprises the 
Retail, Asset Management and Wholesale divisions which provide financial services to a large number of 
diverse clients, including private investors, corporations, financial institutions, governments and government 
agencies. 
NIplc is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and 
the Prudential Regulation Authority.  
Admission to trading of securities 
Nomura International plc does not have securities admitted to trading on a regulated market or equivalent third 
country market or SME Growth Market for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 241 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME SWAP COUNTERPARTIES, THE PROGRAMME REPO 
COUNTERPARTIES AND THE PROGRAMME SL COUNTERPARTIES 
 
241 
The information set out below has been obtained from Nomura Financial Products Europe GmbH. Such 
information has been accurately reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and able to ascertain from 
information published by Nomura Financial Products Europe GmbH, no facts have been omitted that would 
render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
Name 
Nomura Financial Products Europe GmbH  
Address 
Rathenauplatz 1, 60313 Frankfurt am Main, Germany 
Country of incorporation 
Germany 
Nature of business 
Nomura Financial Products Europe GmbH (“NFPE”) was founded in 2017 as a securities trading bank and is a 
subsidiary of Nomura Europe Holdings plc (“NEHS”), NFPE’s ultimate parent company and controlling 
company is Nomura Holdings Inc. (“NHI”), which together with NEHS and the other NHI subsidiaries forms the 
“Nomura Group”. The German Federal Financial Supervisory Authority (“BaFin”) has issued NFPE with a 
licence to conduct banking business and render financial services in accordance with the German Banking Act. 
The Nomura Group is a financial services group based in Japan with branches in countries and regions all over 
the world, including Singapore, Hong Kong, the US and the UK. The Nomura Group’s business comprises the 
Retail, Asset Management and Wholesale divisions which provide financial services to a large number of 
diverse clients, including private investors, corporations, financial institutions, governments and government 
agencies. 
Admission to trading of securities 
Nomura Financial Products Europe GmbH does not have securities admitted to trading on a regulated market 
or equivalent third country market or SME Growth Market for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 242 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME SWAP COUNTERPARTIES, THE PROGRAMME REPO 
COUNTERPARTIES AND THE PROGRAMME SL COUNTERPARTIES 
 
242 
The information set out below has been obtained from Nomura Singapore Limited. Such information has been 
accurately reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and able to ascertain from information published by 
Nomura Singapore Limited, no facts have been omitted that would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading. 
Name 
Nomura Singapore Limited  
Address 
10 Marina Boulevard, Number 36-01 Marina Bay Financial Centre Tower 2, Singapore 018983 
Country of incorporation 
Singapore 
Nature of business 
Nomura Singapore Limited (“NSL”) was incorporated in1972 as Singapore Nomura Merchant Banking Limited 
and is registered as a company (Registration No. 197201440E) in Singapore.  
NSL is a wholly owned subsidiary of Nomura Asia Pacific Holdings Co., Ltd, and the ultimate holding company 
of NSL is Nomura Holdings, Inc. (“NHI”). NHI is a holding company which manages financial operations for its 
subsidiaries (together the “Nomura Group”). NSL is regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore 
(“MAS”). 
NSL is a regulated Singapore company that provides a broad range of services to both institutional and private 
clients covering global markets, investment banking and wealth management, with focus on the Asia ex-Japan 
client and trading base of the Nomura Group.  
The principal activities of NSL are those relating to the business of Merchant Banking including operation of an 
Asian Currency Unit under the terms and conditions specified by MAS. 
Admission to trading of securities 
Nomura Singapore Limited does not have securities admitted to trading on a regulated market or equivalent 
third country market or SME Growth Market for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation

--- Page 243 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME SWAP COUNTERPARTIES, THE PROGRAMME REPO 
COUNTERPARTIES AND THE PROGRAMME SL COUNTERPARTIES 
 
243 
The information set out below has been obtained from Nomura Securities Co., Ltd. Such information has been 
accurately reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and able to ascertain from information published by 
Nomura Securities Co., Ltd., no facts have been omitted that would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading. 
Name 
Nomura Securities Co., Ltd (“NSC”) 
Address 
1-13-1 Nihonbashi, Chuo-ku, Tokyo 103-8011, Japan 
Country of incorporation 
Japan 
Nature of business 
NSC was established in Japan on 7 May 2001 and is a joint-stock corporation incorporated under the laws of 
Japan. NSC is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Nomura Holdings, Inc. NSC is a securities and investment banking 
company regulated by the Financial Services Agency of Japan as Financial Instruments Business Operator, 
etc. and operates its securities business mainly in Japan.  
Admission to trading of securities 
NSC does not have securities admitted to trading on a regulated market or equivalent third country market or 
SME Growth Market for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 244 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME SWAP COUNTERPARTIES, THE PROGRAMME REPO 
COUNTERPARTIES AND THE PROGRAMME SL COUNTERPARTIES 
 
244 
The information set out below has been obtained from Société Générale S.A. Such information has been 
accurately reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and able to ascertain from information published by 
Société Générale S.A., no facts have been omitted that would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading. 
Name 
Société Générale S.A. (“SOCIETE GENERALE”) 
Address 
SOCIETE GENERALE has its registered office address at 29 boulevard Haussmann, 75009 Paris, France. 
Country of incorporation 
France 
Nature of business 
SOCIETE GENERALE is a public limited liability company (société anonyme) established under French law 
and registered with the Registre du Commerce et des Sociétés de Paris under No. 552 120 222. 
SOCIETE GENERALE is the ultimate holding company of the Societe Generale group, which offers a wide 
range of advisory services and tailored financial solutions to individual customers, businesses and institutional 
investors. The Société Générale group is structured around three complementary core businesses: French 
Retail Banking, International Retail Banking, Insurance and Financial Services, Global Banking and Investor 
Solutions. 
SOCIETE GENERALE is a credit institution under French law authorised and supervised by the Autorité de 
Contrôle Prudentiel et de Résolution, under the direct prudential supervision of the European Central Bank. As 
a company whose securities are admitted to trading on a regulated market and an investment services 
provider, SOCIETE GENERALE is also subject to supervision by the Autorité des Marchés Financiers. 
Admission to trading of securities 
SOCIETE GENERALE has securities admitted to trading on the regulated markets of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, London Stock Exchange, Euronext Paris, among others.

--- Page 245 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME SWAP COUNTERPARTIES, THE PROGRAMME REPO 
COUNTERPARTIES AND THE PROGRAMME SL COUNTERPARTIES 
 
245 
The information set out below has been obtained from UBS AG. Such information has been accurately 
reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and able to ascertain from information published by UBS AG, no 
facts have been omitted that would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
Name 
UBS AG (“UBS”) 
Address 
The addresses of UBS AG's two registered offices and principal places of business are: Bahnhofstrasse 45, 
CH-8001 Zurich, Switzerland; and Aeschenvorstadt 1, CH-4051 Basel, Switzerland, telephone +41 61 288 
5050. 
Country of incorporation 
Switzerland 
Nature of business 
UBS AG is incorporated and domiciled in Switzerland and operates under the Swiss Code of Obligations as an 
Aktiengesellschaft, a corporation limited by shares. The purpose of UBS AG according to its articles of 
association is the operation of a bank. Its scope of operations extends to all types of banking, financial, 
advisory, trading and service activities in Switzerland and abroad. UBS AG may establish branches and 
representative offices as well as banks, finance companies and other enterprises of any kind in Switzerland 
and abroad, hold equity interests in these companies, and conduct their management. UBS AG is authorized to 
acquire, mortgage and sell real estate and building rights in Switzerland and abroad. UBS AG may borrow and 
invest money on the capital markets. UBS AG is part of the group of companies controlled by the group parent 
company UBS Group AG. It may promote the interests of the group parent company or other group companies. 
It may provide loans, guarantees and other kinds of financing and security for group companies.  
Admission to trading of securities 
UBS has securities admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (Bourse de 
Luxembourg), amongst other regulated exchanges.

--- Page 246 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME SWAP COUNTERPARTIES, THE PROGRAMME REPO 
COUNTERPARTIES AND THE PROGRAMME SL COUNTERPARTIES 
 
246 
The information set out below has been obtained from UniCredit Bank AG. Such information has been 
accurately reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and able to ascertain from information published by 
UniCredit Bank AG, no facts have been omitted that would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading. 
Name 
UniCredit Bank AG (“UniCredit”) 
Address 
UniCredit has its registered office address at Arabellastrasse 12, D-81925 Munich, Germany. 
Country of incorporation 
Germany 
Nature of business 
UniCredit Bank AG offers a comprehensive range of banking and financial products and services to private, 
corporate and public sector customers, international companies and institutional customers. 
This range extends from mortgage loans, consumer loans, savings-and-loan and insurance products and 
banking services for private customers through to business loans and foreign trade financing and investment 
banking products for corporate customers. 
UniCredit Bank AG offers comprehensive financial and asset planning in high-value customer segments. 
Admission to trading of securities 
UniCredit Bank AG has securities admitted to trading on the regulated markets of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and the Munich Stock Exchange.

--- Page 247 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE CUSTODIAN 
 
247 
DESCRIPTION OF THE CUSTODIAN 
The information set out below has been obtained from HSBC Bank plc. Such information has been accurately 
reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and able to ascertain from information published by HSBC Bank 
plc, no facts have been omitted that would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
HSBC Bank plc and its subsidiaries form a group providing a range of banking products and services. 
HSBC Bank plc (formerly Midland Bank plc) was formed in England in 1836 and subsequently incorporated as 
a company limited by shares in 1880. In 1923, the company adopted the name Midland Bank Limited, which it 
held until 1982 when it re-registered as a public limited company and changed its name to Midland Bank plc. 
In 1992, Midland Bank plc became a wholly owned subsidiary undertaking of HSBC Holdings plc, whose 
Group Head Office is at 8 Canada Square, London E14 5HQ. HSBC Bank plc adopted its current name, 
changing from Midland Bank plc, in 1999. 
HSBC Holdings plc, the parent company of the HSBC Group, is headquartered in London. As at the date of 
this Prospectus, the Group serves customers worldwide across 64 countries and territories in Europe, Asia, 
North America, Latin America, and Middle East and North Africa. With assets of $2,958bn at 31 December 
2021, HSBC is one of the largest banking and financial services organisations in the world. 
The short term senior unsecured and unguaranteed obligations of HSBC Bank plc are, as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, rated P-1 by Moody's and A-1 by Standard & Poor's and HSBC Bank plc has a short term 
issuer default rating of F1+ from Fitch. The long term senior unsecured and unguaranteed obligations of 
HSBC Bank plc are rated A1 by Moody's and A+ by Standard & Poor's and HSBC Bank plc has a long term 
issuer default rating of AA- from Fitch. 
HSBC Bank plc is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct 
Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority. HSBC Bank plc's principal place of business in the United 
Kingdom is 8 Canada Square, London E14 5HQ.

--- Page 248 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE TRUSTEE 
 
248 
DESCRIPTION OF THE TRUSTEE 
The information set out below has been obtained from HSBC Corporate Trustee Company (UK) Limited. Such 
information has been accurately reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and able to ascertain from 
information published by HSBC Corporate Trustee Company (UK) Limited, no facts have been omitted that 
would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
The Programme Trustee will be HSBC Corporate Trustee Company (UK) Limited acting through its office at 8 
Canada Square, London E14 5HQ. HSBC Corporate Trustee Company (UK) Limited was incorporated with 
limited liability in England and Wales on 7 December 2007, with a company number 6447555. Its fully paid 
share capital totals £100,000. Its ultimate holding company is HSBC Holdings PLC, which is incorporated in 
England. The Programme Trustee’s principal business activity is to provide trustee administration services.

--- Page 249 ---
THE SWAP AGREEMENT 
 
249 
THE SWAP AGREEMENT 
The following applies only in relation to Notes in connection with which there is a Swap Agreement. 
General 
In connection with the issue of the Notes, the Issuer may enter into a Swap Agreement and Credit Support 
Annex, each as specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions. Any Swap Agreement will be governed by 
the laws of England and Wales. 
In addition to the consent of the Swap Counterparty, except as provided in the Trust Deed, the terms of a 
Swap Agreement may not be amended without the consent of the Trustee. The Trustee can agree, without 
the consent of the Noteholders, to any modification which is, in its opinion, of a formal, minor or technical 
nature or to correct a manifest error. The Trustee may (subject to limits set out in the Trust Deed) also agree 
to any modification that is in its opinion not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. 
Set out below are summaries of certain provisions of the Swap Agreement (and should be construed as 
such). 
Payments 
The Swap Agreement sets out certain payments to be made from the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty and 
vice versa. Payments by the Issuer under the Swap Agreement will be limited recourse obligations and will be 
funded from sums received (i) on the issue of the relevant Notes and/or (ii) in respect of the Original Collateral 
relating to such Notes. 
The payments required between the Issuer and the Swap Counterparty under the Swap Agreement are 
designed to ensure that, following the making of such payments, the Issuer will have such funds, when taken 
together with remaining amounts available to it from the issue of the relevant Notes and/or received in respect 
of the Original Collateral relating to such Notes, as are necessary for it to meet its obligations under such 
Notes and the related Transaction Documents. Such obligations may include, without limitation, its obligation: 
(i) 
to pay the purchase price for the Original Collateral relating to the relevant Series; 
(ii) 
to make payments of any Interest Amount (or any other amount payable by it by way of interest), 
Instalment Amount and Final Redemption Amount; and/or 
(iii) 
to make payment of certain fees and expenses to Agents, the Custodian, rating agencies, accountants, 
auditors or other service providers which fees and expenses are associated with or are attributable to 
such Notes. 
The exact payments due under the Swap Agreement for a particular Series will vary from Series to Series 
depending on the terms of those Series. The exact payments will be agreed between the Issuer and the Swap 
Counterparty at the time of entry into of the relevant Swap Agreement. There is no restriction upon the 
payments that may be agreed. In addition, collateral may be transferable to or from the Issuer under the 
Credit Support Annex. As with payments under the Swap Agreement, the provisions of the Credit Support 
Annex will be agreed between the Issuer and the Swap Counterparty at the time of entry into of the relevant 
Swap Agreement. There is no restriction upon the provisions that may be agreed under the Credit Support 
Annex. 
Events of Default 
The Swap Agreement provides for certain “Events of Default” (as defined in the Swap Agreement) relating to 
the Issuer and the Swap Counterparty, the occurrence of which may lead to a termination of the Swap 
Agreement.

--- Page 250 ---
THE SWAP AGREEMENT 
 
250 
The Events of Default which relate to the Issuer are limited to: 
(i) 
failure by the Issuer to make, when due, any payment or delivery under the Swap Agreement required 
to be made by it, if not remedied within the time period specified therein; 
(ii) 
failure by the Issuer to comply with or perform any agreement or obligation (other than any payment or 
delivery referred to in paragraph (i) above) to be complied with or performed by it, if not remedied within 
the time period specified therein; 
(iii) 
the Issuer disaffirming, disclaiming, repudiating or rejecting, in whole or in part, or challenging the 
validity of the Swap Agreement or any Swap Transaction thereunder; 
(iv) 
certain representations made by the Issuer in the Swap Agreement proving to be incorrect or 
misleading in any material respect when made or repeated; 
(v) 
certain bankruptcy events relating to the Issuer; and 
(vi) 
the Issuer consolidating or amalgamating with, or merging with or into, or transferring all or substantially 
all its assets to, or reorganising, reincorporating or reconstituting into or as, another entity in 
circumstances where the resulting, surviving or transferee entity fails to assume all the obligations of 
the Issuer under the Swap Agreement. 
The Events of Default which relate to the Swap Counterparty are limited to: 
(i) 
failure by the Swap Counterparty to make, when due, any payment or delivery under the Swap 
Agreement required to be made by it, if not remedied within the time period specified therein; 
(ii) 
failure by the Swap Counterparty to comply with or perform any agreement or obligation (other than any 
payment or delivery referred to in paragraph (i) above) to be complied with or performed by it, if not 
remedied within the time period specified therein; 
(iii) 
the Swap Counterparty disaffirming, disclaiming, repudiating or rejecting, in whole or in part, or 
challenging the validity of the Swap Agreement or any Swap Transaction thereunder; 
(iv) 
certain representations made by the Swap Counterparty in the Swap Agreement proving to be incorrect 
or misleading in any material respect when made or repeated; 
(v) 
certain bankruptcy events relating to the Swap Counterparty; and 
(vi) 
the Swap Counterparty consolidating or amalgamating with, or merging with or into, or transferring all 
or substantially all its assets to, or reorganising, reincorporating or reconstituting into or as, another 
entity in circumstances where (a) the resulting, surviving or transferee entity fails to assume all the 
obligations of the Swap Counterparty under the Swap Agreement or any credit support document (for 
example, a guarantee) relating thereto or (b) the benefits of any credit support document relating to the 
Swap Agreement fail to extend (without the consent of the entity providing the credit support) to the 
performance by such resulting, surviving or transferee entity of its obligations under the Swap 
Agreement. 
Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default under the Swap Agreement, the non-defaulting party may give a 
notice of termination designating an Early Termination Date in respect of all outstanding Swap Transactions 
under the Swap Agreement on the third Reference Business Day prior to the Early Redemption Date or the 
Relevant Payment Date in respect of the Series, as applicable. 
Termination Events 
The Swap Agreement provides for certain “Termination Events” (as defined in the Swap Agreement) the 
occurrence of any of which may lead to termination of all outstanding Swap Transactions under the Swap 
Agreement. These include:

--- Page 251 ---
THE SWAP AGREEMENT 
 
251 
(i) 
the occurrence of certain illegality and force majeure events (in the case of illegality, including with 
respect to any member of the Swap Counterparty’s group); 
(ii) 
if sums paid or received under the relevant Swap Transaction(s) are subject to a withholding or a 
deduction on account of tax and such withholding or deduction arises as a result of a change in tax law 
or as a result of any action taken by a taxing authority or a court after the entry into of the relevant 
Swap Transaction(s); 
(iii) 
if sums paid or received under the relevant Swap Transaction(s) are subject to a withholding or a 
deduction on account of tax as a result of certain merger events with respect to the Swap Counterparty; 
(iv) 
the Notes being subject to an early redemption (other than where such early redemption is itself 
caused by a termination of the Swap Agreement);  
(v) 
the Issuer failing to give an Early Redemption Notice to Noteholders when required to do so pursuant 
to the Conditions; 
(vi) 
if sums paid or received under the relevant Swap Transaction(s) are subject to a deduction or 
withholding imposed pursuant to (a) an Information Reporting Regime or (b) Sections 871 or 881 of the 
Code; 
(vii) 
the Issuer breaching any of the covenants in the Trust Deed; 
(viii) 
the occurrence of certain regulatory events, including, amongst others: 
(a) 
the imposition of clearing or risk mitigation requirements to the extent such requirements were 
not applicable when the Swap Agreement was entered into; 
(b) 
the imposition of a financial transactions tax; 
(c) 
either party becoming materially and adversely restricted in its ability to perform its obligations 
under an outstanding Swap Transaction or would be required to post additional collateral to any 
person; or 
(d) 
the designation of a party as an “AIFM” or an “AIF” pursuant to Directive 2011/61/EU of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2011 on Alternative Investment Fund 
Managers (otherwise known as “AIFMD”) or any similar concept under any comparable 
legislation in the United Kingdom, 
which results from (I) the Dodd-Frank Act, (II) the U.S. Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, (III) the 
U.S. Federal Reserve Act of 1913, (IV) the Regulation of the European Parliament and the Council on 
OTC Derivatives, Central Counterparties and Trade Repositories (otherwise known as “EMIR”), (V) 
MiFID II, (VI) the Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 
May 2014 on markets in financial instruments (otherwise known as “MIFIR”), (VII) AIFMD, (VIII) any 
change in any applicable law or (IX) any arrangements or understandings that the Swap Counterparty 
or any of its Affiliates may have made or entered into with any regulatory agency with respect to its or 
any of their legal entity structure or location, where (I) to (VII) above shall in each case also include any 
similar concept under comparable legislation in the United Kingdom, including as they form part of 
“retained EU law”, as defined in the EUWA; 
(ix) 
if, due to any change in law, any payment obligations under the Swap Agreement that would otherwise 
be denominated in euro cease to be denominated in euro or it would be unlawful, impossible or 
impracticable to pay or receive those payments in euro; and 
(x) 
any amendment is made to the Conditions and/or a Transaction Document which adjusts the amount, 
timing or priority of any payments or deliveries due between the Issuer and the Swap Counterparty 
under the Notes and/or the Transaction Documents, unless the Swap Counterparty has consented in 
writing to such amendment.

--- Page 252 ---
THE SWAP AGREEMENT 
 
252 
The occurrence of any of the events described in paragraphs (i) to (iii) above will entitle the Issuer and/or the 
Swap Counterparty, as provided in the Swap Agreement (depending, amongst other things, on who is the 
“Affected Party” (as defined in the Swap Agreement)), to terminate the Swap Agreement. If the event 
described in paragraph (iv) above occurs, an Early Termination Date will be deemed to have been designated 
by the Swap Counterparty (or the Issuer where the early redemption of the Notes arises as a result of a Swap 
Counterparty Bankruptcy Event) without the need for a notice of termination. The occurrence of any of the 
events described in paragraphs (v) to (x) above will entitle the Swap Counterparty to terminate the Swap 
Agreement.  
Early Termination Amount 
In connection with any “Early Termination Date” (as defined in the Swap Agreement), either the Swap 
Counterparty or the Issuer will be required to determine the “Early Termination Amount” (as defined in the 
Swap Agreement) under the Swap Agreement and whether such amount is payable from the Issuer to the 
Swap Counterparty or vice versa. Which of the Swap Counterparty or the Issuer determines the Early 
Termination Amount will depend on the reason for the termination of the Swap Agreement. Where the 
termination is as a result of an Event of Default, it will be the non-defaulting party who makes the 
determination. Where the termination is as a result of a Termination Event, the Swap Agreement will specify 
for each event which of the parties will make such determination (or, in certain circumstances, that both 
parties will make such determination). 
The Early Termination Amount is calculated by reference to the costs that would be incurred by the party 
making the calculation in replacing (or providing the economic equivalent of) the rights and obligations that 
have been terminated, or the gain that would be made in so doing (referred to in the Swap Agreement as the 
“Close-out Amount”) and taking into account the value of any collateral posted between the parties pursuant 
to any Credit Support Annex to the Swap Agreement. 
The termination currency in respect of a Swap Agreement will be the Specified Currency, which will be set out 
in the applicable Accessory Conditions. 
Termination following Satisfaction of Issuer Call Condition 
If “Issuer Call” is specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions, the Swap Agreement will terminate early 
following satisfaction of an Issuer Call Condition which may occur where: 
(i) 
if “Optional Termination Trigger” is specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions, the Swap 
Counterparty elects an optional termination under the Swap Agreement; or 
(ii) 
if “Autocall Termination Trigger” is specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions, the calculation 
agent under the Swap Agreement determines that the sum of (x) the value of the Original Collateral 
and (y) the anticipated termination value of the Swap Agreement, is equal to or greater than the 
aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding) has been met on a particular date; or  
(iii) 
any other event specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions as constituting an Issuer Call 
Condition is determined to have occurred. 
If “Substitution Knockout” is specified as “Applicable” in the applicable Accessory Conditions and, at any prior 
time to the Issuer Call Settlement Date, the Original Collateral is substituted pursuant to Condition 5(c) 
(Substitution of Original Collateral), the provisions relating to any Issuer Call Condition shall no longer apply. 
The occurrence of the events described in (i) to (iii) above will entitle the Swap Counterparty or the calculation 
agent under the Swap Agreement, as provided in the Swap Agreement, to deliver a notice specifying the date 
on which the Swap Agreement will terminate. Where the Swap Agreement terminates early in these 
circumstances, no Early Termination Amount is calculated or payable by either party, with each party instead

--- Page 253 ---
THE SWAP AGREEMENT 
 
253 
paying such amounts as set out in the terms of the Swap Agreement following satisfaction of the applicable 
Issuer Call Condition. 
Credit Support Annex 
If specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions, the Issuer will also enter into a Credit Support Annex with 
the Swap Counterparty in respect of the Notes. If (i) “Applicable – Payable by Issuer” is specified in the 
applicable Accessory Conditions, credit support will be provided by the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty (but 
not from the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer), (ii) “Applicable – Payable by Swap Counterparty” is specified in 
the applicable Accessory Conditions, credit support will be provided by the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer 
(but not from the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty) and (iii) “Applicable – Payable by Issuer and Swap 
Counterparty” is specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions, both the Issuer and the Swap Counterparty 
will provide credit support to each other. If “Not Applicable” is specified in the applicable Accessory 
Conditions, then neither party will provide credit support to each other and there will be no Credit Support 
Annex for that Series. Where a Credit Support Annex is entered into it shall form part of the Swap Agreement. 
The Credit Support Annex will be in the form of the ISDA 2016 Credit Support Annex for Variation Margin 
(VM) (Bilateral Form - Transfer) (ISDA Agreements Subject to English Law) Copyright © 2016 by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., subject to certain amendments. The sections below 
provide a summary of the provisions of the Credit Support Annex and of certain terms used in the Credit 
Support Annex, but do not necessarily set out such terms in full. 
Delivery and Return of Credit Support 
Under the Credit Support Annex, a party required to provide credit support is known as a “Transferor” and the 
recipient of such credit support is known as the “Transferee”.  
A Transferor will be required to transfer credit support if its Delivery Amount (VM) for the relevant Valuation 
Date exceeds what is known as the Minimum Transfer Amount of the Transferor. Credit support will be 
transferred on a title transfer basis. 
A Delivery Amount (VM) arises if the Exposure of the Transferee to the Transferor under the Swap Agreement 
exceeds the value at that time of the credit support then provided by the Transferor (known as the 
Transferor’s “Credit Support Balance (VM)”), but with the Transferor’s Credit Support Balance (VM) being 
adjusted to take account of any credit support that is in the process of being transferred (by either party) as if 
it had been transferred. The “Delivery Amount (VM)” will be equal to such Exposure minus the value of such 
credit support. 
If the Delivery Amount (VM) does exceed the Transferor’s Minimum Transfer Amount, the Transferor can then 
be required to transfer “Eligible Credit Support (VM)” having a Value equal to the Delivery Amount (VM).  
The credit support comprising Eligible Credit Support (VM) is as specified in the applicable Accessory 
Conditions. Eligible Credit Support (VM) will typically comprise cash in an “Eligible Currency” and may also 
comprise specified securities. For the purposes of determining how much Eligible Credit Support (VM) is 
required to be provided as credit support, each item of credit support is given a Value (see “Value and 
Exposure” below).  
Once a Transferor has provided credit support, it may be entitled to receive assets of the same type back from 
the Transferee if the parties’ exposure to one another under the Swap Agreement, or the Value of the credit 
support, changes. The amount a Transferor is entitled to receive back is known as a Return Amount (VM).  
A Return Amount (VM) arises if the Value of the credit support comprised in the Transferor’s Credit Support 
Balance (VM) (again adjusted to take account of any credit support that is in the process of being transferred 
(by either party) as if it had been transferred) exceeds the exposure of the Transferee to the Transferor under 
the Swap Agreement. The “Return Amount (VM)” will be equal to such Credit Support Balance (VM) minus 
such Exposure.

--- Page 254 ---
THE SWAP AGREEMENT 
 
254 
If the Return Amount (VM) for a Valuation Date exceeds the Minimum Transfer Amount of the Transferee, the 
Transferee is required to transfer credit support of the same type, nominal value, description and amount as 
that comprised in the Transferor’s Credit Support Balance (VM) (known as “Equivalent Credit Support 
(VM)”, up to an aggregate amount having a Value equal to that Return Amount (VM). 
If the operation of the Credit Support Annex requires credit support to be provided by the Issuer as Transferor 
to the Swap Counterparty as Transferee, the Issuer would use the Collateral to satisfy its obligation. 
If the “Delivery Cap” is specified as “Applicable” in the applicable Accessory Conditions (the “Delivery Cap”), 
the Issuer’s obligation as Transferor to transfer Eligible Credit Support (VM) shall at no time exceed the Value 
of the Collateral that is then held by or on behalf of the Issuer that comprises Eligible Credit Support (VM). If 
“Delivery Cap” is specified as “Not Applicable” in the applicable Accessory Conditions, such limitation shall not 
apply and, accordingly, there is a possibility that the Collateral available to the Issuer for transfer might not 
have a sufficient Value to enable the Issuer to satisfy a Delivery Amount (VM). This would be in a case where 
the exposure of the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer under the Swap Agreement exceeds the aggregate 
Value of the Collateral held by the Issuer and the Issuer’s Credit Support Balance (VM) at that time. Any 
failure of the Issuer to deliver a Delivery Amount (VM) in full would comprise an Event of Default under the 
Swap Agreement if not remedied within the time period therein and would entitle the Swap Counterparty to 
terminate the Swap Agreement. Such termination would result in an early redemption of the relevant Series.  
The “Minimum Transfer Amount” of a Transferor will be USD 500,000 (or its equivalent in another currency 
as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series) or such lower amount as is specified in the 
applicable Accessory Conditions, or, if not so specified, zero; provided that, at any time and from time to time, 
the Swap Counterparty may designate any amount lower than USD 500,000 (or its equivalent in another 
currency as at the time of designation) as the Minimum Transfer Amount for either party at that time.  
Any deliveries of credit support are subject to rounding. Cash will be rounded up to the nearest whole unit 
whereas securities will be rounded up to the nearest denomination in the case of a Delivery Amount (VM) and 
down to the nearest denomination in the case of a Return Amount (VM).  
Value and Exposure 
The “Exposure” of a party (“X”) to the other (“Y”) under the Swap Agreement represents the amount, if any, 
that would be payable to X by Y (expressed as a positive number) or by X to Y (expressed as a negative 
number) under the Swap Agreement if it were terminated, but calculated on a mid-market basis.  
The “Value” of an item of credit support will be determined:  
• 
for cash, by taking the equivalent amount of that cash in the Base Currency and by then multiplying by 
a percentage equal to the Valuation Percentage minus, if applicable, the relevant FX Haircut 
Percentage; and 
• 
for securities, by taking the value in the Base Currency of the bid price for that security obtained by the 
Valuation Agent (which may include a bid price quoted by itself in good faith in a commercially 
reasonable manner) and by then multiplying by a percentage equal to the Valuation Percentage minus, 
if applicable, the relevant FX Haircut Percentage.  
The “Valuation Percentage” for an item of credit support will be specified in the applicable Accessory 
Conditions but provided that if at any time the Valuation Percentage assigned to an item of Eligible Credit 
Support (VM) with respect to a party (as the Transferor) under the Credit Support Annex is greater than the 
maximum permitted valuation percentage (prescribed or implied) for such item of collateral under any law 
requiring the collection of variation margin applicable to the other party (as the Transferee), then the Valuation 
Percentage with respect to such item of Eligible Credit Support (VM) and such party will be such maximum 
permitted valuation percentage.

--- Page 255 ---
THE SWAP AGREEMENT 
 
255 
The “Base Currency” means the currency in which the Series is denominated, unless otherwise specified in 
the applicable Accessory Conditions. An “Eligible Currency” will mean the Base Currency and each other 
currency specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions. 
The “FX Haircut Percentage” means, with respect to a party as the Transferor and an item of Eligible Credit 
Support (VM) or Equivalent Credit Support (VM), eight per cent., unless the Eligible Credit Support (VM) or 
Equivalent Credit Support (VM) is in the form of cash in a Major Currency or is denominated in a currency that 
matches an Eligible Currency, in which case the FX Haircut Percentage will be zero per cent. 
As used above, “Major Currency” means any of (i) United States Dollar, (ii) Canadian Dollar, (iii) Euro, (iv) 
United Kingdom Pound, (v) Japanese Yen, (vi) Swiss Franc, (vii) New Zealand Dollar, (viii) Australian Dollar, 
(ix) Swedish Kronor, (x) Danish Kroner, (xi) Norwegian Krone, (xii) South Korean Won or any other currency 
specified as such in the applicable Accessory Conditions. 
Timings and Methodology of Calculations and Transfers 
Under the terms of the Credit Support Annex, the Valuation Agent will determine whether a Delivery Amount 
(VM) or Return Amount (VM) arises in relation to each Valuation Date, as well as making other valuations 
required under the Credit Support Annex. The “Valuation Agent” will be the Swap Counterparty provided that 
following the occurrence of a Bankruptcy Event in respect of the Valuation Agent, a replacement Valuation 
Agent shall be appointed. Such replacement Valuation Agent will be chosen either by the Issuer, with the prior 
approval of the Trustee or by the Noteholders acting by Extraordinary Resolution. 
A “Valuation Date” will be each day on which commercial banks are open for business (including dealings in 
foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London, unless the applicable Accessory Conditions 
specify that different dates apply.  
If transfer of credit support is required and relevant notices are received (or are deemed to have been 
received) by applicable cut-off times, then the relevant transfer is required to be made not later than the close 
of business on the Regular Settlement Day relating to the date of the relevant demand.  
“Regular Settlement Day” means, with respect to a date of demand, (i) for cash or other property (other than 
securities) that would have been transferred into the relevant bank account specified by the recipient on the 
date of demand had the instruction for transfer been given on such date of demand, the same local business 
day as the date of demand; (ii) for any other cash or other property (other than securities), the next local 
business day and (iii) for securities, the first local business day after such date on which settlement of a trade 
in the relevant securities, if effected on such date, would have been settled in accordance with customary 
practice when settling through the clearance system agreed between the parties for delivery of such securities 
or, otherwise, on the market in which such securities are principally traded (or, in either case, if there is no 
such customary practice, on the first local business day after such date on which it is reasonably practicable 
to deliver such securities). 
However, if under any law requiring the collection or posting by the Swap Counterparty of variation margin, 
the Swap Counterparty is at that time required to collect or post variation margin on a shorter timeframe in 
respect of the Swap Agreement, Regular Settlement Day shall mean the same local business day as the date 
of demand. 
Exchanges 
A Transferor is entitled to inform the Transferee that it wishes to exchange credit support comprised in its 
Credit Support Balance (VM) for alternative Eligible Credit Support (VM). In such case, the Transferor and 
Transferee will be obliged to exchange the relevant credit support on the timings set out in the Credit Support 
Annex.  
Distributions and Interest Amounts 
Where Distributions arise in respect of credit support comprised in a Transferor’s Credit Support Balance 
(VM), the Transferee is required to transfer cash, securities or other property of the same type, nominal value,

--- Page 256 ---
THE SWAP AGREEMENT 
 
256 
description and amount as such Distributions, to the extent that this would not create or increase a Delivery 
Amount (VM).  
“Distributions” means, with respect to Eligible Credit Support (VM) comprised in the Credit Support Balance 
(VM) of a Transferor that comprises securities, all principal, interest and other payments and distributions of 
cash or other property that would have been received by a Relevant Holder of securities of the same type, 
nominal value, description and amount as such Eligible Credit Support (VM) from time to time, provided that 
Distributions shall be gross of any taxes, costs or other charges that may have been imposed on a payment of 
principal, interest or other payment or distribution to such a Relevant Holder. For this purpose, “Relevant 
Holder” means a hypothetical holder having the same legal form and being incorporated and domiciled in the 
same jurisdiction as the relevant Transferee. 
If cash is provided as credit support, interest will be payable by the Transferee periodically at the applicable 
rate. Interest will be calculated in respect of each day (but will not be subject to daily compounding). 
For cash provided to the Swap Counterparty, the relevant “Interest Rate (VM)” will be the Interest Rate (VM) 
specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions or, if no such rate is specified, the rate determined by the 
Swap Counterparty acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
For cash provided to the Issuer, the relevant “Interest Rate (VM)” will be the Custodian’s standard overnight 
rate (which may be positive or negative) offered for deposits in the relevant currency as of the relevant time as 
determined by the Custodian.  
If the relevant Interest Rate (VM) results in the relevant interest amount being a negative number, the 
absolute value of such interest amount shall instead be payable by the Transferor. 
Legally Ineligible Credit Support 
The Credit Support Annex contains provisions that enable a party to deliver a notice that items that then 
comprise Eligible Credit Support (VM) will cease to comprise Eligible Credit Support (VM). Such notice can be 
delivered if the Transferee determines that the relevant items either have ceased to satisfy, or as of a 
specified date will cease to satisfy, collateral eligibility requirements under laws applicable to the Transferee 
requiring the collection of variation margin. Any credit support in the Transferor’s Credit Support Balance (VM) 
that does not comprise Eligible Credit Support (VM) will be given a Value of zero. If the Swap Counterparty 
delivers such a notice to the Issuer, the Issuer is unlikely to have any other Collateral available to it to provide 
to the Swap Counterparty as Eligible Credit Support (VM) and, as a result, such legal ineligibility would be 
likely to lead to an event of default under the Swap Agreement if not remedied within the time period therein 
and would entitle the Swap Counterparty to terminate the Swap Agreement. Such termination would result in 
an early redemption of the relevant Series. 
Early Termination 
On any Early Termination Date being designated or deemed to occur under the Swap Agreement, the party to 
whom collateral has been posted shall not be obliged to return such collateral or equivalent collateral, but 
instead the Value of such collateral (but for this purpose without applying any Valuation Percentage or FX 
Haircut Percentage) shall be deemed to be owed to the transferor for the purposes of calculating the 
termination payment under the Swap Agreement.

--- Page 257 ---
THE REPO AGREEMENT 
 
257 
THE REPO AGREEMENT 
The following applies only in relation to Notes in connection with which there is a Repo Agreement. 
General 
In connection with the issue of the Notes, the Issuer may enter into a Repo Agreement as specified in the 
applicable Accessory Conditions. Any Repo Agreement will be governed by the laws of England and Wales. 
In addition to the consent of the Repo Counterparty, except as provided in the Trust Deed, the terms of a 
Repo Agreement may not be amended without the consent of the Trustee. The Trustee can agree, without the 
consent of the Noteholders, to any modification which is, in its opinion, of a formal, minor or technical nature 
or to correct a manifest error. The Trustee may (subject to limits set out in the Trust Deed) also agree to any 
modification that is in its opinion not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. 
Set out below are summaries of certain provisions of the Repo Agreement (and should be construed as such).  
Payments 
The Repo Agreement sets out certain payments to be made from the Issuer to the Repo Counterparty and 
vice versa. Payments by the Issuer under the Repo Agreement will be limited recourse obligations and will be 
funded from sums received (i) on the issue of the relevant Notes and/or (ii) in respect of the Original Collateral 
(if any) relating to such Notes.  
The payments required between the Issuer and the Repo Counterparty under the Repo Agreement are 
designed to ensure that following the making of such payments the Issuer will have such funds, when taken 
together with remaining amounts available to it from the issue of the relevant Notes and/or received in respect 
of the Original Collateral relating to such Notes, as are necessary for it to meet its obligations under such 
Notes and the related Transaction Documents. Such obligations may include, without limitation, its obligation: 
(i) 
to pay the purchase price for the Original Collateral relating to the relevant Series; 
(ii) 
to make payments of any Interest Amount (or any other amount payable by it by way of interest), 
Instalment Amount and Final Redemption Amount; and/or 
(iii) 
to make payment of certain fees and expenses to Agents, the Custodian, rating agencies, accountants, 
auditors or other service providers which fees and expenses are associated with or are attributable to 
such Notes. 
The exact payments due under the Repo Agreement for a particular Series will vary from Series to Series 
depending on the terms of those Series. The exact payments will be agreed between the Issuer and the Repo 
Counterparty at the time of entry into of the relevant Repo Agreement. There is no restriction upon the 
payments that may be agreed. In addition, collateral may be transferable to or from the Issuer in relation to the 
margining provisions of the Repo Agreement. As with payments under the Repo Agreement, the margining 
provisions will be agreed between the Issuer and the Repo Counterparty at the time of entry into of the 
relevant Repo Agreement. There is no restriction upon the margining provisions that may be agreed. 
Events of Default  
The Repo Agreement provides for certain “Events of Default” (as defined in the Repo Agreement) relating to 
the Issuer and the Repo Counterparty, the occurrence of which may lead to a termination of the Repo 
Agreement.

--- Page 258 ---
THE REPO AGREEMENT 
 
258 
The Events of Default under the Repo Agreement include:  
(i) 
failure by either party to pay, when due, any purchase price or repurchase price under the Repo 
Agreement required to be made by it; 
(ii) 
failure by either party to deliver any securities on the scheduled purchase date or repurchase date 
under the Repo Agreement; 
(iii) 
failure by either party to comply with the relevant margin maintenance provisions under the Repo 
Agreement, to the extent applicable; 
(iv) 
failure by either party to transfer or credit to the other party a sum equal to (and in the same currency 
as) any sum it receives as income in respect of any securities transferred to it under the Repo 
Agreement, on the date it receives such income; 
(v) 
certain insolvency events relating to either party; 
(vi) 
any representations made by either party in the Repo Agreement proving to be incorrect or untrue in 
any material respect when made or repeated; 
(vii) 
either party admitting to the other that it is unable to, or intends not to, perform any of its obligations 
under the Repo Agreement; 
(viii) 
circumstances where either party is suspended or expelled from membership of or participation in any 
securities exchange or suspended or prohibited from dealing in securities by any government agency, 
in each case on the grounds that it has failed to meet any requirements relating to financial resources 
or credit rating; 
(ix) 
the occurrence of certain illegality events (in the case of illegality, including with respect to any member 
of the Repo Counterparty’s group); 
(x) 
if sums paid or received under the relevant Repo Transaction(s) are subject to a withholding or a 
deduction on account of tax and such withholding or deduction arises as a result of a change in tax law 
or as a result of any action taken by a taxing authority or a court after the entry into of the relevant 
Repo Transaction(s); 
(xi) 
the Notes being subject to an early redemption (other than where such early redemption is itself 
caused by a termination of the Repo Agreement);  
(xii) 
the Issuer failing to give an Early Redemption Notice to Noteholders when required to do so pursuant 
to the Conditions; 
(xiii) 
if sums paid or received under the relevant Repo Transaction(s) are subject to a deduction or 
withholding imposed pursuant to (a) an Information Reporting Regime or (b) Sections 871 or 881 of the 
Code; 
(xiv) 
a breach by either party of its obligations under the Repo Agreement if not remedied within the time 
period specified therein; 
(xv) 
the Issuer breaching any of the covenants in the Trust Deed; 
(xvi) 
if, due to any change in law, any payment obligations under the Repo Agreement that would otherwise 
be denominated in euro cease to be denominated in euro or it would be unlawful, impossible or 
impracticable to pay or receive those payments in euro; and 
(xvii) any amendment is made to the Conditions and/or a Transaction Document which adjusts the amount, 
timing or priority of any payments or deliveries due between the Issuer and the Repo Counterparty 
under the Notes and/or the Transaction Documents, unless the Repo Counterparty has consented in 
writing to such amendment.

--- Page 259 ---
THE REPO AGREEMENT 
 
259 
Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default under the Repo Agreement, the non-defaulting party may give a 
notice of default designating an Event of Default and the Repurchase Date (as defined in the Repo 
Agreement) for each Repo Transaction under the Repo Agreement will be deemed immediately to occur 
subject to the provisions of the Repo Agreement. 
Consequences of Early Termination 
In connection with any “Event of Default” (as defined in the Repo Agreement) that triggers the acceleration of 
the Repo Agreement (either as a result of a “Default Notice” (as defined in the Repo Agreement) being served 
or where no such “Default Notice” is required to be served in respect of the particular Event of Default) (a 
“Repo Acceleration”), an early termination payment, based on the market value of the initial collateral sold 
under the Repo Agreement, the market value of any margin posted by the Issuer to the Repo Counterparty or 
vice versa under the Repo Agreement and the repurchase price payable for equivalent collateral, will be 
payable by the Issuer to the Repo Counterparty or (as the case may be) by the Repo Counterparty to the 
Issuer.  
Other than where the Repo Counterparty is in default under the Repo Agreement, in which case the Issuer will 
make any determinations under the Repo Agreement, the Repo Counterparty will make all determinations 
under the Repo Agreement relating to an early termination thereof. If the Repo Counterparty is in default, the 
Issuer will need to appoint a calculation agent for the purposes of making such determination on the Issuer’s 
behalf. In determining a termination payment, (i) the value of securities will be determined as either the sale 
price of such securities (taking into account fees, costs and expenses incurred by the party selling the 
securities) or their fair market value, in accordance with the Repo Agreement and (ii) the determining party is 
generally required to act in good faith. 
The termination currency in respect of a Repo Agreement will be the Specified Currency, which will be set out 
in the applicable Accessory Conditions.

--- Page 260 ---
THE SL AGREEMENT 
 
260 
THE SL AGREEMENT 
The following applies only in relation to Notes in connection with which there is an SL Agreement.  
General 
In connection with the issue of the Notes, the Issuer may enter into an SL Agreement as specified in the 
applicable Accessory Conditions. Any SL Agreement will be governed by the laws of England and Wales. 
In addition to the consent of the SL Counterparty, except as provided in the Trust Deed, the terms of the SL 
Agreement may not be amended without the consent of the Trustee. The Trustee can agree, without the 
consent of the Noteholders, to any modification which is, in its opinion, of a formal, minor or technical nature 
or to correct a manifest error. The Trustee may (subject to limits set out in the Trust Deed) also agree to any 
modification that is in its opinion not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. 
Set out below are summaries of certain provisions of the SL Agreement (and should be construed as such).  
Payments and Deliveries 
The SL Agreement sets out certain payments and deliveries to be made from the Issuer to the SL 
Counterparty and vice versa. Payments and deliveries by the Issuer under the SL Agreement will be limited 
recourse obligations and will be funded from sums received (i) on the issue of the relevant Notes and/or (ii) in 
respect of the Original Collateral (if any) relating to such Notes. 
The payments and deliveries required between the Issuer and the SL Counterparty under the SL Agreement 
are designed to ensure that following the making of such payments and deliveries the Issuer will have such 
funds, when taken together with remaining amounts available to it from the issue of the Notes and/or received 
in respect of the Original Collateral, as are necessary for it to meet its obligations under the Notes and the 
Transaction Documents. 
The exact payments and deliveries due under the SL Agreement for a particular Series will vary from Series to 
Series depending on the terms of those Series. The exact payments and deliveries will be agreed between 
the Issuer and the SL Counterparty at the time of entry into of the relevant SL Agreement. There is no 
restriction upon the payments and deliveries that may be agreed. In addition, collateral may be transferable to 
or from the Issuer in relation to the margining provisions of the SL Agreement. As with payments under the SL 
Agreement, the margining provisions will be agreed between the Issuer and the SL Counterparty at the time of 
entry into of the relevant SL Agreement. There is no restriction upon the margining provisions that may be 
agreed. 
Events of Default  
The SL Agreement provides for certain “Events of Default” (as defined in the SL Agreement) relating to the 
Issuer and the SL Counterparty, the occurrence of which may lead to a termination of the SL Agreement. 
The Events of Default under the SL Agreement include:  
(i) 
failure by either party to comply with the relevant margin maintenance provisions under the SL 
Agreement; 
(ii) 
failure by either party to transfer or credit to the other party a sum equal to (and in the same currency 
as) any sum it receives as income in respect of any securities transferred to it under the SL Agreement, 
on the date it receives such income; 
(iii) 
certain insolvency events relating to either party;

--- Page 261 ---
THE SL AGREEMENT 
 
261 
(iv) 
any warranties made by either party in the SL Agreement proving to be incorrect or untrue in any 
material respect when made or repeated; 
(v) 
either party admitting to the other that it is unable to, or intends not to, perform any of its obligations 
under the SL Agreement where such failure would (with the service of notice or lapse of time) constitute 
an event of default under the SL Agreement; 
(vi) 
all or any material part of the assets of either party being transferred or ordered to be transferred to a 
trustee by a regulatory authority pursuant to any legislation; 
(vii) 
circumstances where either party is suspended or expelled from membership of or participation in any 
securities exchange or suspended or prohibited from dealing in securities by any regulatory authority, 
in each case on the grounds that it has failed to meet any requirements relating to financial resources 
or credit rating; 
(viii) 
a breach by either party of its obligations under the SL Agreement if not remedied within the time 
period specified therein; 
(ix) 
if sums paid or received under the relevant SL Transaction(s) are subject to a withholding or a 
deduction on account of tax and such withholding or deduction arises as a result of a change in tax law 
or as a result of any action taken by a taxing authority or a court after the entry into of the relevant SL 
Transaction(s); 
(x) 
the occurrence of certain illegality events (in the case of illegality, including with respect to any member 
of the SL Counterparty’s group); 
(xi) 
the Notes being subject to an early redemption (other than where such early redemption is itself 
caused by a termination of the SL Agreement);  
(xii) 
the Issuer failing to give an Early Redemption Notice to Noteholders when required to do so pursuant 
to the Conditions; 
(xiii) 
if sums paid or received under the relevant SL Transaction(s) are subject to a deduction or withholding 
imposed pursuant to (a) an Information Reporting Regime or (b) Sections 871 or 881 of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986; 
(xiv) 
the Issuer breaching any of the covenants in the Trust Deed; 
(xv) 
if, due to any change in law, any payment obligations under the SL Agreement that would otherwise be 
denominated in euro cease to be denominated in euro or it would be unlawful, impossible or 
impracticable to pay or receive those payments in euro; and 
(xvi) 
any amendment is made to the Conditions and/or a Transaction Document which adjusts the amount, 
timing or priority of any payments or deliveries due between the Issuer and the SL Counterparty under 
the Notes and/or the Transaction Documents, unless the SL Counterparty has consented in writing to 
such amendment. 
Upon the occurrence of any such event under the SL Agreement, the non-defaulting party may give a notice 
of default designating an Event of Default (as defined in the SL Agreement) and a Termination Date (as 
defined in the SL Agreement) for each SL Transaction under the SL Agreement will be deemed immediately 
to occur subject to the provisions of the SL Agreement. 
Consequences of Early Termination 
Upon early termination of the SL Agreement (which may occur as a result of a default by the SL Counterparty 
or the insolvency of the Issuer), an early termination payment, based on the market value of the securities 
loaned under the SL Agreement and the market value of any margin posted by the Issuer to the SL

--- Page 262 ---
THE SL AGREEMENT 
 
262 
Counterparty or vice versa under the SL Agreement, will be payable by the Issuer to the SL Counterparty or 
(as the case may be) by the SL Counterparty to the Issuer.  
Other than where the SL Counterparty is in default under the SL Agreement, in which case the Issuer will 
make any determinations under the SL Agreement, the SL Counterparty will make all determinations under 
the SL Agreement relating to an early termination thereof. If the SL Counterparty is in default, the Issuer will 
need to appoint a calculation agent for the purposes of making such determination on the Issuer’s behalf. In 
determining a termination payment, (i) the value of securities will be determined as either the sale price of 
such securities (taking into account fees, costs and expenses incurred by the party selling the securities) or 
their fair market value, in accordance with the SL Agreement and (ii) the determining party is generally 
required to act in good faith.  
Unless otherwise specified, the base currency in respect of an SL Agreement will be the Specified Currency.

--- Page 263 ---
SECONDARY MARKET, SWAP COUNTERPARTY REPLACEMENT AND SWAP CLOSE-OUT 
QUOTATIONS 
 
263 
SECONDARY MARKET, SWAP COUNTERPARTY REPLACEMENT AND SWAP CLOSE-OUT 
QUOTATIONS 
Secondary Market Quotations 
Subject to the conditions set out below, Noteholders may request one or more Programme Dealers 
(irrespective of whether such Programme Dealer acted as the Dealer for the relevant Tranche(s) of Notes) to 
provide a quotation for the cost of buying all or a part of such Noteholder’s holding of Notes of a Series. 
Following receipt of such a request, each such Programme Dealer will use reasonable endeavours to provide 
a relevant quotation, provided that: 
(i) 
the Noteholder is requesting a quotation for a principal amount at least equal to the lesser of (a) the 
aggregate principal amount of the Notes of the Series then outstanding or (b) EUR 10,000,000 (or its 
equivalent in any other currency); 
(ii) 
normal market conditions are prevailing, as determined by the relevant Programme Dealer in its sole 
and absolute discretion and taking into account such factors or criteria as it may see fit; and 
(iii) 
the relevant Programme Dealer has obtained all necessary internal credit, compliance and risk 
approvals (which approvals such Programme Dealer shall use reasonable endeavours to obtain). 
In addition to the above criteria, if the Programme Dealer that has been requested to provide the quotation is 
not the Dealer for the relevant Series: 
(a) 
“Standard Terms” must be specified as “Applicable” in the applicable Accessory Conditions at the 
relevant time; and 
(b) 
if the Notes are to be sold to the Issuer for cancellation and such Programme Dealer is not an Affiliate 
of the Swap Counterparty for such Series, it must have been able to obtain a firm quotation from the 
Swap Counterparty for the Series in respect of the corresponding unwind of the Swap Agreement as a 
result of the cancellation of such Notes. 
Noteholders should be aware that a Programme Dealer may discontinue certain businesses such that, even if 
it was in a position to provide a quotation at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series, it may 
not be able to provide such a quotation at a later date. 
Replacement of the Swap Counterparty 
If the Swap Agreement in respect of a Series is terminated because an event of default has occurred with 
respect to the Swap Counterparty (as to which, see the section of this Base Prospectus titled “The Swap 
Agreement” and the paragraph “Events of Default” therein) (the “Defaulted Swap Counterparty”), the Notes 
would ordinarily redeem early at their Early Redemption Amount. However, Noteholders may, subject to the 
conditions set out below, request one or more Programme Swap Counterparties (which were not the 
Defaulted Swap Counterparty) (the “Replacement Swap Counterparty”) to provide a firm quotation for the 
entry into of a replacement swap transaction with the Issuer in respect of the Notes (a “Replacement Swap”). 
Each Primary Programme Dealer which is an Affiliate of a Replacement Swap Counterparty which has 
received such a request shall procure that the Replacement Swap Counterparty uses reasonable endeavours 
to provide a relevant firm quotation by no later than 5.00pm (London time) on the 30th calendar day after (but 
excluding) the date of request to such Replacement Swap Counterparty (the “Firm Quotation Cut-off Time”), 
provided that: 
(i) 
the request for a quotation is made by Noteholders holding 100 per cent. of the aggregate principal 
amount of the outstanding Notes of the relevant Series;

--- Page 264 ---
SECONDARY MARKET, SWAP COUNTERPARTY REPLACEMENT AND SWAP CLOSE-OUT 
QUOTATIONS 
 
264 
(ii) 
“Standard Terms” and “Replacement Swap Counterparty Mechanics” are specified as “Applicable” and 
“Credit Support Annex” is specified as “Applicable - Payable by Issuer and Swap Counterparty”, in each 
case in the applicable Accessory Conditions at the relevant time (a “Replacement Eligible Series”); 
(iii) 
normal market conditions are prevailing, as determined by the Replacement Swap Counterparty in its 
sole and absolute discretion and taking into account such factors or criteria as it may see fit; and 
(iv) 
the Replacement Swap Counterparty and any affiliated Programme Dealer have obtained all necessary 
internal credit, compliance and risk approvals (which approvals the relevant Primary Programme Dealer 
shall procure that the Replacement Swap Counterparty and each other affiliated Programme Dealer 
uses reasonable endeavours to obtain). 
In addition to the above criteria, the parties will need to ensure that: 
(a) 
the Replacement Swap Counterparty is pre-funded, indemnified and/or secured by or on behalf of one 
or more Noteholders in a manner satisfactory to such Replacement Swap Counterparty (acting 
reasonably in making such determination) against any loss that may be incurred by such Replacement 
Swap Counterparty as a result of any claim by the Defaulted Swap Counterparty (or any liquidator, 
administrator or other insolvency official relating to the Defaulted Swap Counterparty) in connection 
with the Notes; 
(b) 
the Issuer will, in the determination of the Replacement Swap Counterparty: 
(I) 
when taken together with any other sums available to the Issuer for such purpose (which may 
include (A) payments from the Noteholders, (B) an upfront payment from the Replacement Swap 
Counterparty and (C) the proceeds of sale from any sale of Swap Counterparty CSA Posted 
Collateral posted by the Defaulted Swap Counterparty), have sufficient immediately available 
funds in order to (1) make any upfront payments required to be made to the Replacement Swap 
Counterparty, (2) fund any termination payment to the Defaulted Swap Counterparty and (3) 
fund any purchase of additional Original Collateral; and 
(II) 
be able to satisfy its ongoing obligations in respect of the Notes (under the terms as originally 
issued or as amended with the agreement of the Noteholders), the Replacement Swap and all 
other related agreements; and 
(c) 
the Replacement Swap Counterparty is not prohibited or restricted from entering into the Replacement 
Swap pursuant to bankruptcy, insolvency or liquidation laws. 
Noteholders should be aware that the terms of the Replacement Swap, in particular the terms of any collateral 
arrangements relating to such Replacement Swap, may not be the same as those for the original Swap 
Transaction. 
Swap Close-out Quotations 
If the Swap Agreement in respect of a Series is terminated because of a Defaulted Swap Counterparty and no 
Replacement Swap has been entered into with a Replacement Swap Counterparty, the Issuer (or a party 
acting on behalf of the Issuer) may request one or more Programme Swap Counterparties (other than the 
Defaulted Swap Counterparty) to provide an indicative quotation for a Replacement Swap. For these 
purposes, the Issuer may make such a request irrespective of whether the Series is a Replacement Eligible 
Series. 
Each Primary Programme Dealer which is an Affiliate of each Programme Swap Counterparty which has 
received such a request shall procure that each such Programme Swap Counterparty uses reasonable 
endeavours to provide an indicative quotation by no later than:

--- Page 265 ---
SECONDARY MARKET, SWAP COUNTERPARTY REPLACEMENT AND SWAP CLOSE-OUT 
QUOTATIONS 
 
265 
(i) 
in respect of any Replacement Eligible Series and provided that such Programme Swap Counterparty 
also received a request for a firm quotation for a Replacement Swap (see “Replacement of the Swap 
Counterparty” above), 5.00pm (London time) on the 14th calendar day after the Firm Quotation Cut-off 
Time; or 
(ii) 
in respect of any other Notes, 5.00pm (London time) on the 21st calendar day after (but excluding) the 
date of request to such Programme Swap Counterparty for such an indicative quotation, 
provided, in each case, that: 
(a) 
normal market conditions are prevailing, as determined by the relevant Programme Swap Counterparty 
in its sole and absolute discretion and taking into account such factors or criteria as it may see fit; and 
(b) 
the relevant Programme Swap Counterparty has obtained all necessary internal credit, compliance and 
risk approvals (which approvals the Primary Programme Dealer that is an Affiliate of such Programme 
Swap Counterparty shall procure that such Programme Swap Counterparty uses reasonable 
endeavours to obtain). 
Such indicative quotations may assist the Issuer with the valuing of the Swap Agreement and help to ensure 
an 
orderly 
early 
redemption 
of 
the 
Notes 
in 
such 
circumstances.

--- Page 266 ---
THE SL AGREEMENT 
 
266 
APPROVED SWAP COUNTERPARTIES, APPROVED REPO COUNTERPARTIES, APPROVED 
SL COUNTERPARTIES AND APPROVED ORIGINAL COLLATERAL 
Notes to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the Regulated Market may only be issued under this 
Base Prospectus by way of Final Terms for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation where (i) the Swap 
Counterparty has securities admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II (an “EEA 
Regulated Market”), equivalent third country market or SME Growth Market or the obligations are guaranteed 
by an entity whose securities are admitted to trading on an EEA Regulated Market, equivalent third country 
market or SME Growth Market (an “Approved Swap Counterparty”), (ii) the Repo Counterparty has 
securities admitted to trading on an EEA Regulated Market, equivalent third country market or SME Growth 
Market or the obligations are guaranteed by an entity whose securities are admitted to trading on an EEA 
Regulated Market, equivalent third country market or SME Growth Market (an “Approved Repo 
Counterparty”), (iii) the SL Counterparty has securities admitted to trading on an EEA Regulated Market, 
equivalent third country market or SME Growth Market or the obligations are guaranteed by an entity whose 
securities are admitted to trading on an EEA Regulated Market, equivalent third country market or SME 
Growth Market (an “Approved SL Counterparty”), and (iv) the Original Collateral is collateral having the 
following characteristics (“Approved Original Collateral”): 
Issuer of Approved Original Collateral: 
Any corporate or sovereign 
Status: 
Senior, unsecured 
Legal nature: 
Bonds 
Governing law: 
English law 
Other: 
Admitted to trading on an EEA Regulated Market, 
equivalent third country market or SME Growth 
Market  
 
In all other cases, the Swap Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty, the SL Counterparty and the Original 
Collateral in respect of a Series will be as specified in the applicable Pricing Terms.

--- Page 267 ---
SECURITY ARRANGEMENTS 
 
267 
SECURITY ARRANGEMENTS 
The Security may include a fixed charge over the Collateral which may be held by or through the Custodian 
through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or an alternative clearing system (each, a “clearing 
system”). The charge is intended to create a property interest in the Collateral in favour of the Trustee to 
secure the Issuer’s liabilities. 
However, where the Collateral is held through a clearing system, neither the Issuer nor the Custodian is the 
legal owner of the Collateral itself but instead they merely have interests in that Collateral. As between the 
Issuer and the Custodian, such interests arise from the Custody Agreement. In turn, the Custodian will have 
rights either against an intermediary (such as a sub-custodian) or as an accountholder in the clearing system, 
the clearing system will have rights against the common depositary or the nominee, as the case may be, for 
the clearing system and such common depositary or nominee, as the case may be, will, as legal owner, have 
rights against the issuer of the Collateral. As a result, where Collateral is held in a clearing system, the 
Security will take the form of an assignment of the Issuer’s rights against the Custodian under the Agency 
Agreement, as the case may be, rather than a charge over the Collateral itself.

--- Page 268 ---
TAXATION 
 
268 
TAXATION 
LUXEMBOURG 
Automatic Exchange of Information 
Investors should note that Luxembourg signed an Intergovernmental Agreement (“IGA”) with the U.S. in 2014 
to assist with the implementation of the U.S. Foreign Accounts Tax Compliance Act (“FATCA”) and 
implemented the obligations resulting from the IGA into Luxembourg domestic law on 24 July 2015 (the 
“FATCA Law”). 
Luxembourg further implemented the provisions of the Council Directive 2014/107/EU amending Council 
Directive 2011/16/EU as regards mandatory automatic exchange of information in the field of taxation as well 
as the multilateral agreement of 29 October 2014 by which the OECD adopts the Common Reporting 
Standard (“CRS”) into domestic law on 18 December 2015 (the “CRS Law”). 
Under the FATCA Law and the CRS Law, SPIRE (or any other entity designated by SPIRE to this end), 
provided SPIRE qualifies as a Financial Institution, may be obliged to identify its investors and, as the case 
may be, to report certain information regarding certain investors (qualifying as reportable persons or qualifying 
as passive non financial entities controlled by such reportable persons) as well as their investment and their 
allocable share of income to the Luxembourg Tax Authorities (Administration des Contributions Directes). The 
Luxembourg Tax Authorities will then forward such information to the relevant foreign authorities of other 
participating jurisdictions in the context of CRS and to the U.S. Internal Revenue Service in the context of 
FATCA. 
Investors have the right to access the data reported to the Luxembourg Tax Authorities and, as the case may 
be, to have these data rectified in case of error. 
Luxembourg Taxation 
The following overview is of a general nature. It is based on the laws presently in force in Luxembourg, though 
it is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, legal or tax advice. Prospective investors in the Notes 
should therefore consult their own professional advisers as to the effects of state, local or foreign laws, 
including Luxembourg tax law, to which they may be subject. 
Taxation of the Issuer 
SPIRE will be considered a fiscal resident of Luxembourg from a Luxembourg tax law perspective and should 
therefore be able to obtain a residence certificate from the Luxembourg tax authorities. 
SPIRE will be liable for Luxembourg corporate taxes. The current standard combined applicable rate in the 
City of Luxembourg, including corporate income tax (impôt sur le revenu des collectivités), municipal business 
tax (impôt commercial communal) and solidarity taxes, is 24.94 per cent. Liability for such corporate taxes 
extends to SPIRE’s worldwide profits including capital gains, subject to the provisions of any relevant double 
taxation treaty. The taxable income of SPIRE is computed by application of all rules of the Luxembourg 
income tax law of 4 December 1967, as amended (loi concernant l’impôt sur le revenu), as commented and 
currently applied by the Luxembourg tax authorities. 
Under certain conditions, dividends received by SPIRE from qualifying participations and capital gains 
realised by SPIRE on the sale of qualifying participations may be exempt from Luxembourg corporate taxes 
under the Luxembourg participation exemption. Subject to the application of ATAD, SPIRE may, under certain 
conditions, deduct from its taxable profits interest payments made to Noteholders. 
A fixed registration duty (droit fixe spécifique d’enregistrement) of EUR 75 is payable at the moment of the 
amendment of the Articles. The transfer or sale of securities of the Issuer or SPIRE (as appropriate) will not 
be subject to Luxembourg registration or stamp duty.

--- Page 269 ---
TAXATION 
 
269 
SPIRE will be exempt from wealth tax (impôt sur la fortune), save for the minimum annual net wealth tax 
ranging between EUR 535 and EUR 32,100. SPIRE will be subject to a minimum annual net wealth tax of 
EUR 4,815 if the sum of the financial assets, the amounts owed by affiliated undertakings and undertakings 
linked by virtue of participating interest, the transferable securities, the cash in postal cheque accounts, the 
cheques for collection, the bills for collection, the cash in hand and the cash at bank of the company exceeds 
90 per cent. of its total balance sheet total and EUR 350,000.  
Taxation of the Noteholders 
Withholding Tax 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force, there is no withholding tax on payments of principal, 
premium or interest made to non-resident Noteholders, nor on accrued but unpaid interest in respect of the 
Notes, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption or repurchase of the Notes held by 
non-resident Noteholders. 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force and with the possible exception of interest paid to 
certain individual Noteholders, there is no withholding tax on payments of principal, premium or interest made 
to Luxembourg resident Noteholders, nor on accrued but unpaid interest in respect of Notes, nor is any 
Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption or repurchase of Notes held by Luxembourg resident 
Noteholders. 
Under the Law of 23 December 2005, as amended, (the “Law”) payments of interest or similar income made 
or ascribed by a paying agent established in Luxembourg to an individual beneficial owner who is a resident of 
Luxembourg will be subject to a withholding tax of 20 per cent.  
Responsibility for the withholding of the tax will be assumed by the Luxembourg paying agent. Payments of 
interest under the Notes coming within the scope of the Law would currently be subject to withholding tax of 
20 per cent. 
Income Taxation 
Noteholders who are residents of Luxembourg will not be liable for any Luxembourg income tax on repayment 
of principal. 
(i) 
Interest 
A corporate Noteholder who is a resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes or a Noteholder who is not a 
resident of Luxembourg, but who has a permanent establishment or a permanent representative in 
Luxembourg, to which or whom the Notes are attributable, is subject to Luxembourg income tax in respect of 
the interest paid or accrued, redemption premiums or issue discounts under the Notes.  
An individual Luxembourg resident Noteholder, acting in the course of the management of his/her private 
wealth, is subject to Luxembourg income tax at progressive rates in respect of interest received, redemption 
premiums or issue discounts, under the Notes, except if (i) withholding tax has been levied on such payments 
in accordance with the Law, or (ii) the individual Noteholder has opted for the application of a 20 per cent. tax 
in full discharge of income tax in accordance with the Law, which applies if a payment of interest has been 
made or ascribed by a paying agent established in an EU Member State (other than Luxembourg), or in a 
Member State of the European Economic Area (other than an EU Member State). The withholding tax or self-
applied tax are the final tax liability for the Luxembourg individual resident taxpayers receiving the interest 
payment in the framework of their private wealth. 
An individual holder of Notes acting in the course of the management of a professional or business 
undertaking must include this interest in its taxable basis. If applicable, the tax levied in accordance with the 
Law will be credited against his/her final tax liability.

--- Page 270 ---
TAXATION 
 
270 
(ii) 
Gains 
Under Luxembourg domestic tax law, gains realised by an individual Noteholder, who acts in the course of the 
management of his private wealth and who is a resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes, on the sale or 
disposal, in any form whatsoever, of Notes are not subject to Luxembourg income tax, provided this sale or 
disposal took place at least six months after the acquisition of the Notes. An individual Noteholder, who acts in 
the course of the management of his private wealth and who is a resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes, 
has further to include the portion of the gain corresponding to accrued but unpaid interest in respect of the 
Notes in his taxable income, except if tax has been levied on such interest in accordance with the Law. Gains 
realised by a corporate Noteholder or by an individual Noteholder, who acts in the course of the management 
of a professional or business undertaking, who is a resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes or who has a 
permanent establishment or a permanent representative in Luxembourg, to which or whom the Notes are 
attributable, on the sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of Notes are subject to Luxembourg income tax. 
However, a Luxembourg Noteholder that is governed by the law of 11 May 2007 on family estate companies, 
as amended, or by the law of 17 December 2010 on undertakings for collective investment, as amended, or 
by the law of 13 February 2007 on specialised investment funds, as amended, or by the law of 23 July 2016 
on reserved alternative investment funds, as amended, (provided it is not foreseen in the incorporation 
documents that (i) its exclusive object is the investment in risk capital and that (ii) article 48 of the 
aforementioned law of 23 July 2016, as amended, applies), will not be subject to any Luxembourg income tax 
in respect of interest received or accrued on the Notes, or on gains realised on the sale or disposal, in any 
form whatsoever, of Notes. 
Noteholders will not be deemed to be resident, domiciled or carrying on business in Luxembourg solely by 
reason of the holding, execution, performance, delivery, exchange and/or enforcement of the Notes. 
Gains realised by a non-resident Noteholder, who does not have a permanent establishment or a permanent 
representative in Luxembourg, to which or whom the Notes are attributable, on the sale or disposal of Notes 
are not subject to Luxembourg income tax. 
Net Wealth Tax 
A corporate Noteholder, whether it is a resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes or, if not, it maintains a 
permanent establishment or a permanent representative in Luxembourg to which or whom such Notes are 
attributable, is subject to Luxembourg wealth tax on such Notes, except if the Noteholder is governed by the 
law of 11 May 2007 on family estate companies, as amended, or by the law of 17 December 2010 on 
undertakings for collective investment, as amended, or by the law of 13 February 2007 on specialised 
investment funds, as amended, or by the law of 22 March 2004 on securitisation, as amended, or by the law 
of 15 June 2004 on venture capital vehicles, as amended, or by the law of 23 July 2016 on reserved 
alternative investment funds, as amended. 
Please note that companies governed by the law of 22 March 2004 on securitisation, as amended, or the law 
of 15 June 2004 on venture capital vehicles, as amended, as well as reserved alternative investment funds 
governed by the law of 23 July 2016, as amended, which fall under the special tax regime set out under article 
48 thereof, may be subject to an annual minimum net wealth tax. 
An individual Noteholder, whether he/she is a resident of Luxembourg or not, is not subject to Luxembourg 
wealth tax on Notes. 
Other Taxes 
In principle, neither the issuance nor the transfer, repurchase or redemption of Notes will give rise to any 
Luxembourg registration tax or similar taxes.

--- Page 271 ---
TAXATION 
 
271 
However, a fixed or ad valorem registration duty may be due upon the registration of the Notes in Luxembourg 
in the case where the Notes are physically attached to a public deed or to any other document subject to 
mandatory registration, as well as in the case of a registration of the Notes on a voluntary basis. 
Under present Luxembourg tax law, in the case where a Noteholder is a resident for tax purposes of 
Luxembourg at the time of his death, the Notes are included in his taxable estate, for inheritance tax purposes 
and gift tax may be due on a gift or donation of Notes, if the gift is recorded in a Luxembourg deed. 
U.S. TEFRA CATEGORISATION 
Notes in bearer form will be issued:  
(i) 
in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor rules in substantially the 
same form that are applicable for the purposes of section 4701 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 
1986, as amended) (“TEFRA C”); 
(ii) 
in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor rules in substantially the 
same form that are applicable for the purposes of section 4701 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 
1986, as amended) (“TEFRA D”); or 
(iii) 
other than in compliance with TEFRA D or TEFRA C but in circumstances in which the Notes will not 
constitute “registration required obligations” under the United States Tax Equity and Fiscal 
Responsibility Act of 1982 (“TEFRA”), which circumstances will be referred to in the applicable 
Accessory Conditions as a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable. 
U.S. Withholding Notes 
Pursuant to certain provisions of U.S. law, payments on assets held by a special purpose vehicle organised 
outside the United States, such as the Issuer, are subject to U.S. withholding tax if the assets pay or are 
deemed to pay income from U.S. sources under U.S. federal income tax rules, unless certain conditions are 
satisfied. In addition, payments or deemed payments on notes issued by such a vehicle may be subject to 
U.S. withholding tax under some circumstances if the assets held by the vehicle pay or are deemed to pay 
income from U.S. sources under U.S. federal income tax rules.  
For any Series where (i) the Notes are secured by Original Collateral that is a debt instrument issued by a 
U.S. Person or that otherwise pays or is deemed to pay amounts treated as U.S. source income for U.S. 
federal income tax purposes; (ii) the Notes are secured by Collateral (other than the Original Collateral) that is 
a debt instrument issued by a U.S. Person or that otherwise pays or is deemed to pay amounts treated as 
U.S. source income for U.S. federal income tax purposes; (iii) the Swap Counterparty is a U.S. Person; (iv) 
the Repo Counterparty is a U.S. Person; or (v) the SL Counterparty is a U.S. Person, the Notes issued in such 
Series will be designated “U.S. Withholding Notes”. Payments of interest and other similar amounts by a non-
U.S. person without a trade or business in the United States, such as the Issuer, generally are not treated as 
payments of U.S. source income (and persons are generally required to treat transactions in a manner 
consistent with their form). However, in certain circumstances, there may be a risk that the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Service may disregard the form of a transaction and treat certain payments on notes of a non-U.S. 
issuer, such as the Issuer, as payments of U.S. source income and therefore subject to U.S. withholding tax. 
Although not all U.S. Withholding Notes would necessarily give rise to such a risk, in order to mitigate the risk 
of U.S. withholding tax applying in respect of such Notes, additional requirements will be imposed on investors 
in such Notes. Specifically, investors in U.S. Withholding Notes will be required to provide U.S. tax forms or 
other documentation that will allow withholding agents to make payments on the Notes without any deduction 
or withholding for or on account of any U.S. withholding tax. 
The Issuer or agents acting on its behalf, or intermediaries through which such Notes are held, may be 
required to withhold amounts from holders of U.S. Withholding Notes that do not provide properly completed 
U.S. tax forms to their applicable withholding agent. If holders of U.S. Withholding Notes fail to provide U.S.

--- Page 272 ---
TAXATION 
 
272 
tax forms and withholding is not applied on payments to such investors, the Issuer also may be subject to U.S. 
withholding tax on all, or a portion of, payments it receives with respect to the Collateral, the Swap 
Agreement, the Repo Agreement or the SL Agreement (in each case, if any). 
Any U.S. withholding tax imposed on payments on assets held by the Issuer or payments on the Notes could 
have material adverse consequences to investors in Notes of the applicable Series, or possibly to investors in 
Notes of other Series. 
The Proposed Financial Transactions Tax (“FTT”) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the “Commission’s Proposal”) for a 
Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, 
Slovenia and Slovakia (each, other than Estonia, a “participating Member State”). However, Estonia has 
stated that it will not participate.  
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the 
Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. Primary market transactions 
referred to in Article 5(c) of Regulation (EC) No 1287/2006 are expected to be exempt. 
Under the Commission’s Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where at 
least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established or deemed to be established in a 
participating Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a participating 
Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a 
participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a 
participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU Member 
States may decide to participate.  
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 273 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
 
273 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Summary of Dealer Agreement 
With respect to any Tranche, the Notes of that Tranche will be sold by the Issuer to the Dealer of such 
Tranche pursuant to the Dealer Agreement for such Tranche. 
The Issuer may pay a Dealer a commission as agreed between the Issuer and a Dealer in respect of the 
Notes subscribed by it. 
By entering into the relevant Dealer Agreement, the Issuer will agree to indemnify the Dealer against certain 
liabilities in connection with the offer and sale of the Notes. The Dealer Agreement for any Tranche may be 
terminated by the Issuer or by the Dealer, at any time on giving at least 10 days’ notice. 
The Programme Dealers may sell Notes to subsequent purchasers in individually negotiated transactions at 
negotiated prices, which may vary among different purchasers and which may be greater or less than the 
aggregate issue price of the Notes. 
Selling Restrictions 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 (the “Securities 
Act”) or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States. No 
person has registered nor will register as a commodity pool operator of the Issuer under the U.S. Commodity 
Exchange Act of 1936 (the “CEA”) and the rules of the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission 
thereunder.  
Notes may not at any time be offered, sold or, in the case of Notes in bearer form, delivered within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any person who is (a) a U.S. person (as defined in Regulation S 
under the Securities Act (“Regulation S”)), (b) a U.S. person (as defined in the credit risk retention rules 
issued under Section 15G of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the “U.S. Credit Risk Retention 
Rules”)) or (c) not a Non-United States person (as defined in Rule 4.7 under the CEA, but excluding for 
purposes of subsection (D) thereof, the exception to the extent that it would apply to persons who are not 
Non-United States persons (“Rule 4.7”)). Terms used in this paragraph and not otherwise defined have the 
meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
Notes in bearer form having a maturity of more than one year are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and 
may not at any time be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United 
States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations (but excluding for purposes of 
U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D), transactions that would permit resale of the Notes after the expiration of 
the restricted period to a person who is within the United States or its possessions or to a United States 
person). Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
and regulations thereunder.  
The Dealer for the relevant Tranche will represent and agree that it has not offered, sold, otherwise 
transferred or, in the case of Notes in bearer form, delivered and will not at any time offer, sell, pledge, 
otherwise transfer or, in the case of Notes in bearer form, deliver the Notes of any such Tranche as part of 
their distribution or otherwise at any time within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any 
person who is (a) a U.S. person (as defined in Regulation S), (b) a U.S. person (as defined in the U.S. Credit 
Risk Retention Rules) or (c) not a Non-United States person (as defined in Rule 4.7), and it will have sent to 
each dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice 
setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S), U.S. persons (as defined in the U.S. Credit Risk

--- Page 274 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
 
274 
Retention Rules) and persons who are not Non-United States persons (as defined in Rule 4.7). Terms used in 
this paragraph and not otherwise defined have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of Notes within the United 
States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of 
the Securities Act. 
Each Noteholder, Couponholder and beneficial owner of a Note, will, on each date on which such person (x) 
accepts delivery of the base prospectus relating to SPIRE and the Programme, a standalone prospectus 
produced by the Issuer in respect of a particular Tranche of Notes or other offering document in respect of 
such Notes and (y) purchases such Note or a beneficial interest therein, be deemed to have given the 
representations, agreements and acknowledgments in Condition 25(b) (Deemed representations, agreements 
and acknowledgments), including that it understands that each Global Note, Definitive Bearer Note and 
Certificate will bear a legend to the following effect: 
“[ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE LIMITATIONS 
PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE.] 
THE NOTES REPRESENTED BY THIS [NOTE/CERTIFICATE] HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE 
REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”) 
OR WITH ANY SECURITIES REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION 
OF THE UNITED STATES. 
THE NOTES REPRESENTED BY THIS [NOTE/CERTIFICATE] MAY NOT AT ANY TIME BE OFFERED[,] 
[OR] SOLD [OR DELIVERED] WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR 
BENEFIT OF, ANY PERSON WHO IS (A) A U.S. PERSON (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT), (B) A U.S. PERSON (AS DEFINED IN THE CREDIT RISK RETENTION RULES 
ISSUED UNDER SECTION 15G OF THE U.S. SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934) OR (C) NOT A 
NON-UNITED STATES PERSON (AS DEFINED IN RULE 4.7 UNDER THE U.S. COMMODITY 
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1936, BUT EXCLUDING FOR PURPOSES OF SUBSECTION (D) THEREOF, THE 
EXCEPTION TO THE EXTENT THAT IT WOULD APPLY TO PERSONS WHO ARE NOT NON-UNITED 
STATES PERSONS). TERMS USED ABOVE AND NOT OTHERWISE DEFINED HAVE THE MEANINGS 
GIVEN TO THEM BY REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. 
EACH HOLDER OF THIS [NOTE/CERTIFICATE] OR OWNER OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST IN THIS 
[NOTE/CERTIFICATE] WILL, ON THE DATE OF PURCHASE OF SUCH NOTE OR BENEFICIAL 
INTEREST, BE DEEMED TO HAVE REPRESENTED, AGREED AND ACKNOWLEDGED AS FOLLOWS: 
(i) 
THE NOTES OR SUCH BENEFICIAL INTEREST HAVE BEEN ACQUIRED IN AN OFFSHORE 
TRANSACTION (AS SUCH TERM IS DEFINED UNDER REGULATION S UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT); 
(ii) 
IT IS NOT AN INELIGIBLE INVESTOR; 
(iii) 
TO THE EXTENT IT IS ACTING FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF ANOTHER PERSON, 
SUCH OTHER PERSON IS NOT AN INELIGIBLE INVESTOR; 
(iv) 
NO PERSON HAS REGISTERED NOR WILL REGISTER AS A “COMMODITY POOL OPERATOR” 
OF THE ISSUER UNDER THE U.S. COMMODITY EXCHANGE ACT OF 1936 AND THE U.S. 
COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION RULES THEREUNDER; 
(v) 
THE NOTES HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT 
AND IT WILL NOT, AT ANY TIME DURING THE TERM OF THE NOTES, OFFER, SELL, PLEDGE, 
OTHERWISE TRANSFER OR, IN THE CASE OF NOTES IN BEARER FORM, DELIVER NOTES OR

--- Page 275 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
 
275 
ANY INTEREST THEREIN WITHIN THE UNITED STATES TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR 
BENEFIT OF, ANY PERSON WHO IS AN INELIGIBLE INVESTOR; 
(vi) 
ANY TRANSFER BY SUCH NOTEHOLDER, COUPONHOLDER OR BENEFICIAL OWNER TO OR 
FOR THE BENEFIT OF AN INELIGIBLE INVESTOR AT ANY TIME DURING THE TERM OF THE 
RELEVANT NOTE WILL BE OF NO FORCE AND EFFECT, WILL BE VOID AB INITIO, AND WILL 
NOT OPERATE TO TRANSFER ANY RIGHTS TO THE TRANSFEREE, NOTWITHSTANDING ANY 
INSTRUCTIONS TO THE CONTRARY TO THE ISSUER, THE REGISTRAR, THE TRUSTEE OR 
ANY INTERMEDIARY; 
(vii) 
THE ISSUER MAY: 
(A) 
AT ANY TIME, COMPEL ANY NOTEHOLDER, COUPONHOLDER OR BENEFICIAL OWNER 
OF NOTES TO CERTIFY THAT SUCH NOTEHOLDER, COUPONHOLDER OR BENEFICIAL 
OWNER IS NOT AN INELIGIBLE INVESTOR; 
(B) 
REFUSE TO HONOUR THE TRANSFER OF A NOTE, A COUPON OR A BENEFICIAL 
INTEREST IN NOTES TO THE EXTENT SUCH TRANSFER IS TO OR FOR THE BENEFIT 
OF AN INELIGIBLE INVESTOR; AND 
(C) 
COMPEL ANY NOTEHOLDER, COUPONHOLDER OR BENEFICIAL OWNER OF NOTES 
THAT IS AN INELIGIBLE INVESTOR TO: 
(I) 
TRANSFER SUCH NOTES, COUPONS OR INTERESTS IN THE NOTES TO A 
PERSON WHO IS NOT AN INELIGIBLE INVESTOR; OR 
(II) 
TRANSFER SUCH NOTES, COUPONS OR INTERESTS IN THE NOTES TO THE 
ISSUER AT A PRICE EQUAL TO THE AGGREGATE OF: 
(X) 
THE SPECIFIED CURRENCY EQUIVALENT OF ALL CASH SUMS DERIVED 
FROM THE SALE OF AN AMOUNT OF THE COLLATERAL FOR THE SERIES 
(EQUAL TO THE PROPORTION THAT THE AGGREGATE PRINCIPAL 
AMOUNT OF THE NOTES TO BE TRANSFERRED BEARS TO THE 
AGGREGATE PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF ALL NOTES OF SUCH SERIES 
OUTSTANDING ON THE TRANSFER DATE) NET OF ANY TAXES, COSTS OR 
CHARGES INCURRED ON SUCH SALE (PROVIDED THAT THE PRINCIPAL 
AMOUNT OF COLLATERAL TO BE SOLD SHALL BE ROUNDED DOWN TO 
THE NEAREST AMOUNT THAT WOULD BE CAPABLE OF BEING 
DELIVERED, ASSIGNED OR TRANSFERRED); AND 
(Y) 
ANY 
TERMINATION 
PAYMENT 
PAYABLE 
IN 
RESPECT 
OF 
THE 
CORRESPONDING PARTIAL TERMINATION OF THE SWAP AGREEMENT, 
THE REPO AGREEMENT AND THE SL AGREEMENT FOR THE SERIES 
(EXPRESSED AS A POSITIVE NUMBER IF SUCH AMOUNT WOULD BE 
PAYABLE TO THE ISSUER OR A NEGATIVE AMOUNT IF SUCH AMOUNT 
WOULD BE PAYABLE BY THE ISSUER); AND 
(viii) 
THE ISSUER, THE DEALER AND ITS AFFILIATES, AND OTHERS WILL RELY UPON THE TRUTH 
AND ACCURACY OF THE FOREGOING ACKNOWLEDGMENTS, REPRESENTATIONS AND 
AGREEMENTS.”. 
Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors 
(A) 
EEA Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors: The Dealer for the relevant Tranche will represent and 
agree that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make 
available any Notes to any retail investor. For the purposes of this provision:

--- Page 276 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
 
276 
(i) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(a) 
a “Retail client” as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EC (as 
amended, “MiFID II”); 
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) 
of MiFID II; or 
(c) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the 
“Prospectus Regulation”); and  
(ii) 
the expression “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
(B) 
UK Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors: The Dealer for the relevant Tranche will represent and 
agree that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make 
available any Notes to any retail investor. For the purposes of this provision: 
(i) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(a) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of “retained EU law”, as defined in the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(“EUWA”); 
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000 (“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
“retained EU law”, as defined in the EUWA; or 
(c) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms 
part of “retained EU law”, as defined in the EUWA; and 
(ii) 
the expression “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.”. 
United Kingdom 
The Dealer for the relevant Tranche will represent and agree that: 
(i) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (a) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of its business and (b) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes 
other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is 
reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for 
the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a 
contravention of Section 19 of FSMA by the Issuer; 
(ii) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances 
in which Section 21(1) of FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and

--- Page 277 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
 
277 
(iii) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of FSMA with respect to anything done by 
it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Switzerland  
SPIRE has not been licensed with the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority FINMA (“FINMA”) as a 
foreign collective investment scheme pursuant to article 120 para. 1 of the Swiss Federal Act on Collective 
Investment Schemes (“CISA”). Accordingly, the Dealer for the relevant Tranche will represent and agree that 
the Notes may only be offered (within the meaning of article 3 lit. g of the Swiss Federal Act on Financial 
Services (“FinSA”) and article 3 para. 5 of the Swiss Federal Ordinance on Financial Market Services) and/or 
marketed (within the meaning of article 127a of the Swiss Collective Investment Schemes Ordinance), directly 
or indirectly, in or from Switzerland and this Base Prospectus and/or any other offering documents and/or any 
marketing materials relating to SPIRE or the Notes may only be made available in or from Switzerland, in 
each case, to professional clients as defined in article 4 para. 3 – 5 FinSA. Investors in the Notes do not 
benefit from the specific investor protection provided by the CISA or approval and supervision by the 
FINMA in respect of SPIRE or the Notes. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the “Financial Instruments and Exchange Act”). Accordingly, the 
Dealer for the relevant Tranche will represent and agree that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold 
and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of 
Japan (which term as used herein means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other 
entity organised under the laws of Japan) or to others for re-offering or re-sale, directly or indirectly, in Japan 
or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the registration 
requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act and other 
relevant laws and regulations of Japan. 
General 
Modified selling restrictions may be included in the applicable Accessory Conditions for a Tranche of Notes 
and may be subsequently modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealer for the relevant Tranche 
following a change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification will be set out in the 
Accessory Conditions issued in respect of the issue of Notes to which it relates or in a supplement to this 
Base Prospectus. 
No representation is made that any action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public 
offering of any of the Notes, or possession or distribution of this Base Prospectus or any other offering 
material or any Accessory Conditions, in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
The Dealer for each Tranche of Notes will agree that it will, to the best of its knowledge, comply with all 
relevant laws, regulations and directives in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers 
Notes or has in its possession or distributes this Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any 
Accessory Conditions and neither the Issuer nor any other Programme Dealer shall have responsibility 
therefor. 
Product Criteria and Collateral Criteria 
The offer, sale and delivery of any Notes is subject to certain other conditions, which are set out in the Dealer 
Agreement. These conditions are referred to as the “Product Criteria” and the “Collateral Criteria” and a copy 
of the Product Criteria and the Collateral Criteria can be found at https://www.spiresa.com.

--- Page 278 ---
GENERAL INFORMATION 
 
278 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
The establishment of the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the Board passed on 13 
December 2016. This Base Prospectus was presented to the Board in connection with the update of 
the Programme and approved by a resolution of the Board passed on or around the date of this Base 
Prospectus. 
(ii) 
There has been no significant change in the financial or trading position of SPIRE and no material 
adverse change in the financial position or prospects of SPIRE, in each case since 31 December 2020, 
being the date of its last audited financial statements. 
(iii) 
SPIRE is not nor has been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including 
any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which SPIRE is aware) which may have, or 
have had in the previous 12 months, a significant effect on its financial position or profitability. 
(iv) 
The website of SPIRE is https://www.spiresa.com. 
(v) 
Each Bearer Note having a maturity of more than one year, Receipt and Coupon will bear the following 
legend: “Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the 
United States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the 
Internal Revenue Code”. 
(vi) 
Notes have been accepted for clearance through the Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg systems 
(which are the entities in charge of keeping the records). The Common Code, the International 
Securities Identification Number (ISIN), the Financial Instrument Short Name (FISN), the Classification 
of Financial Instruments Code (CFI) (as applicable) and (where applicable) the identification number for 
any other relevant clearing system for each Series will be set out in the applicable Accessory 
Conditions. 
(vii) 
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium and the address of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue John F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. The address of any 
alternative clearing system will be specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions. 
(viii) 
Where information in this Base Prospectus has been sourced from third parties, this information has 
been accurately reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from the 
information published by such third parties, no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. The source of third party information is identified 
where used. Any websites included in this Base Prospectus are for information purposes only and do 
not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the Central Bank of 
Ireland. 
(ix) 
The issue price and the amount of the relevant Notes will be determined, before filing of the applicable 
Accessory Conditions of each Tranche, based on then prevailing market conditions. The Issuer does 
not intend to provide any post-issuance information in relation to any issues of Notes. 
(x) 
For so long as Notes may be issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus and, in respect of paragraph (c) 
below only, for so long as the relevant listed Note is outstanding, (i) physical or electronic copies of the 
following documents will be available during the hours between 9.00 a.m. and 5.00 p.m. (with respect 
to the location of the relevant offices specified below) on any weekday (Saturdays, Sundays and public 
holidays excepted), for inspection at the registered office of SPIRE and at the Specified Office of the 
Issuing and Paying Agent and (ii) the electronic copies may be provided by the Issuing and Paying 
Agent by email to a holder requesting copies of such documents (save that the documents referred to 
in paragraphs (d) and (e) below will only be available for inspection by a holder of a Note of the

--- Page 279 ---
GENERAL INFORMATION 
 
279 
relevant Series and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer or the Issuing and 
Paying Agent, as applicable, as to its holding of Notes and identity): 
(a) 
the Articles; 
(b) 
the 2019 Accounts and the 2020 Accounts;  
(c) 
such other documents as may be required by the rules of any stock exchange on which any 
Note is at the relevant time listed; 
(d) 
the documentation comprising the Trust Deed for the relevant Series; and 
(e) 
the Accessory Conditions, the Issue Deed in respect of such Accessory Conditions (including 
any amendments and supplements to the Master Trust Terms), each Collateral Sale Agreement, 
each confirmation (and, where applicable, each transaction supplement) evidencing a Swap 
Transaction, a Repo Transaction or an SL Transaction and each Deed of Substitution in relation 
to the Series, as applicable. 
For so long as Notes may be issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus, electronic copies of (a) the 
Articles and (b) the Master Trust Terms will be available for inspection on the website of SPIRE 
(https://www.spiresa.com/documents). 
At the time of issuance of a Series that is listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on the 
Regulated Market, an electronic copy of the Series Prospectus, which contains a list of amendments, if 
any, made to the Master Trust Terms in respect of the Series, will be available for inspection on the 
website of Euronext Dublin (https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin). 
(xi) 
This Base Prospectus and the Final Terms or the Series Prospectus, as applicable, for Notes that are 
listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market will be published on the 
website of Euronext Dublin (https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin).

--- Page 280 ---
APPENDIX 1 - FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
280 
APPENDIX 1 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
[Solely for the purposes of the manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties 
and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the 
Council on markets in financial instruments (as amended, “MiFID II”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of 
the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer’s target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer’s target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[Solely for the purposes of the manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook, and professional clients, 
as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of “retained EU law”, as defined in the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”) (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer’s target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer’s target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to any retail investor (being, for these purposes, any retail investor within or 
outside (i) the European Economic Area (“EEA”) or (ii) the United Kingdom (“UK”)). For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a “retail client” as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) 
of [Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and the Council on markets in financial instruments 
(as amended, “MiFID II”)][MiFID II] or a “retail client” as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of “retained EU law”, as defined in the EUWA; (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended) or within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 (“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, in each case, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in, 
respectively, point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II and point (8) of Article 2(1) of [Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of “retained EU law”, as defined in the EUWA][UK MiFIR]; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”) or Article 2 of the Prospectus 
Regulation as it forms part of “retained EU law”, as defined in the EUWA (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”) 
(each as amended).  
No key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs 
Regulation”) or the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of “retained EU law”, as defined in the EUWA (the “UK 
PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the EEA or in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA or in the UK may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation or the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
Final Terms  
dated [●]

--- Page 281 ---
APPENDIX 1 - FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
281 
Single Platform Investment Repackaging Entity SA 
(a public limited liability company (société anonyme) incorporated under the laws of Luxembourg with registered office at 5, 
Heienhaff, L-1736 Senningerberg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, having a share capital of EUR 31,000 and duly registered with the 
Registre de Commerce et des Sociétés, Luxembourg with number B206430) (“SPIRE”) 
acting in respect of its Compartment [●] 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 635400AXHEAFQKFFNO47 
Issue of [SERIES NUMBER][SPECIFIED CURRENCY][AGGREGATE PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF 
TRANCHE] [TITLE OF NOTES] due [●] 
under the Secured Note Programme 
PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used and not defined herein shall have the meaning given to such terms in the Master Conditions set 
forth in the base prospectus dated 1 April 2022 [and the supplemental base prospectus[es] dated [INSERT 
DATE] [and [INSERT DATE]]] ([together, ]the “Base Prospectus”) which [together] constitute[s] a base 
prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. For the purpose of these Final Terms, references 
to Accessory Conditions in the Base Prospectus shall be read and construed as references to Final Terms in 
respect of the Notes. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus. Full 
information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these 
Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus has been published on the website of Euronext 
Dublin (https://www.euronext.com). 
[By purchasing the Notes, the Noteholders hereby ratify the selection of each member of the board of 
directors of SPIRE, as identified in the Base Prospectus, and confirm that such ratification is being made 
without selection or control by [INSERT NAME OF DEALER] or any of its affiliates.] 
The Notes issued by the Issuer will be subject to the Master Conditions and also to the following terms (such 
terms, together with any schedules or annexes hereto, the “Final Terms”) in relation to the Notes. 
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to [specify benchmark], which is provided 
by [specify administrator’s legal name]. As at the date of these Final Terms, [specify administrator’s legal 
name] [appears][does not appear] on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to article 36 of the Benchmark 
Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) (the “BMR”). 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, [[specify benchmark] does not fall within the scope of the BMR by virtue of 
Article 2 of that regulation,] / [the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the BMR apply,] such that [specify 
administrator’s legal name] is not currently required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located 
outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence).] 
(Italics and footnotes herein denote guidance for completing the Final Terms and should be deleted prior to 
completing these Final Terms.) 
(Note: Headings are for ease of reference only.) 
GENERAL 
1 
Issuer: 
Single Platform Investment Repackaging Entity SA, 
acting in respect of its Compartment [●] 
2 
[(i)] Series Number: 
[●] 
A separate compartment has been created by the 
Board in respect of the Notes (“Compartment [●]”).

--- Page 282 ---
APPENDIX 1 - FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
282 
Compartment [●] is a separate part of SPIRE’s assets 
and liabilities. The Collateral (relating to the Notes) is 
exclusively available to satisfy the rights of the 
Noteholders (in accordance with the terms and 
conditions set out in these Final Terms) and the rights 
of the other Secured Creditors whose claims have 
arisen at the occasion of the creation, the operation or 
the liquidation of Compartment [●], as contemplated by 
the articles of association (statuts) of SPIRE dated 7 
May 2021 
 
[(ii) Tranche Number: 
[●]] 
 
(An initial Tranche should be specified as 
Tranche 1. Otherwise, as the Tranche will 
be fungible with an existing Series, the 
Tranche Number(s) will increase 
sequentially and details of that Series, 
including the date on which the Notes 
become fungible, will need to be provided 
here) 
 
3 
Specified Currency: 
[●] 
4 
Aggregate principal amount of Notes: 
 
 
[(i)] Series: 
[●] 
 
[(ii) Tranche: 
[●]] 
5 
Issue price: 
[●] per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of the 
Notes 
6 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[●] [and integral multiples of the Calculation Amount in 
excess thereof up to and including [●]] 
(Minimum of €100,000 or its equivalent in the Specified 
Currency) 
(See ICMA standard documentation, standard language 
and/or latest guidance, in particular for Notes with a 
maturity of less than one year or if the specified 
denomination is expressed to be €100,000 or its 
equivalent and integral multiples of a lower principal 
amount) 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[●]  
(The applicable Calculation Amount will be (i) if there is 
only one Specified Denomination, the Specified 
Denomination of the relevant Notes or (ii) if there are 
several Specified Denominations, the highest common 
factor of those Specified Denominations or (iii) if the 
Specified Denomination provides for the possibility of 
integral multiples in excess thereof, the size of the 
integral multiple) 
7 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●]

--- Page 283 ---
APPENDIX 1 - FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
283 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Issue Date]/[Specify if other]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) Initial Reference Date: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]  
(The applicable form of the ISDA Definitions will be 
locked in as of such date for the purposes of this Series 
and should typically be on or prior to the date on which 
an issuance proposal is delivered to the Issuer, such as 
the trade date for the Notes) 
8 
Maturity Date: 
[●] (Specify date) [subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the [[Following]/[Modified Following]/[Preceding] 
Business Day Convention]] 
9 
Business Days applicable to Maturity Date:  [●]  
(Insert applicable Business Day centres, e.g. London, 
New York, TARGET) 
10 
Standard Terms: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]/[For the period from (and 
including) the Issue Date to [(but excluding)]/[(and 
including)] [●], Standard Terms shall not be applicable. 
Standard Terms shall be applicable thereafter.] 
[However, it is expected that certain other Programme 
Dealers will execute a letter (the “Standard Terms 
Election Letter”), pursuant to which such Programme 
Dealers will elect to treat the Notes as if “Standard 
Terms” were “Applicable” for the period from (and 
including) the Issue Date to [(but excluding)]/[(and 
including)] [●].]  
(If specified as Applicable for a period, the relevant 
criterion to the provision of secondary market quotations 
and the replacement of a Swap Counterparty that 
“Standard Terms” must have been specified as 
“Applicable” in the applicable Accessory Conditions will 
be satisfied in respect of such period only) 
11 
Interest Basis: 
[Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
(Further 
particulars 
specified, 
as 
applicable, 
in 
paragraphs 22 and 23 of these Final Terms) 
12 
Material Change Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
13 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Bearer Notes: 
[No]/[Yes. As the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, talons may be required if, on exchange into 
definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments are still 
to be made]/[Specify details]/[Not Applicable] 
14 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Redemption at Final Redemption Amount, subject to 
the other provisions herein] 
 
 
[Instalment, subject to the other provisions herein] 
15 
Date Board approval for issuance of Notes 
[●]

--- Page 284 ---
APPENDIX 1 - FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
284 
obtained: 
16 
Transaction Documents: 
[As per Master Conditions]/[●] 
17 
Transaction Parties: 
[As per Master Conditions]/[●] 
MORTGAGED PROPERTY 
18 
Mortgaged Property: 
 
 
(i) 
Original Collateral: 
The Original Collateral shall comprise [●] in principal 
amount of an issue by [insert name of the obligor of the 
underlying assets][, guaranteed by [insert name of 
guarantor],] of its [insert description of the underlying 
assets] identified below: 
 
 
Original Collateral Obligor - 
Issuer: 
[●] 
 
 
[Original Collateral Obligor – 
Guarantor: 
[●]] 
 
 
Address: 
[●] 
 
 
Country of Incorporation: 
[●] 
 
 
Business Activities: 
[●] 
 
 
Regulated or equivalent third 
country 
market 
or 
SME 
Growth Market on which the 
relevant 
Original 
Collateral 
Obligor 
has 
securities 
admitted to trading: 
[●] 
 
 
Asset: 
 
 
 
ISIN: 
[●] 
 
 
Coupon: 
[●] 
 
 
Maturity: 
[●] 
 
 
Currency: 
[●] 
 
 
Governing Law: 
[●] 
 
 
Senior/Subordinated 
[●] 
 
 
[Admitted to trading on the 
following markets: 
[●]] 
 
 
[Documentation: 
[●]] 
 
 
[Add details of any further Original Collateral] 
(If “Applicable – Repo and Reverse Repo” is applicable, 
then Original Collateral should be specified as “Not 
Applicable”) 
 
(ii) 
Original Collateral Obligor Reference 
Date: 
[●]  
(The date should typically be on or prior to the date on 
which an issuance proposal is delivered to SPIRE, such 
as the trade date for the Notes) 
 
(iii) [Purchase of Original Collateral: 
[The Issuer will purchase the Original Collateral from

--- Page 285 ---
APPENDIX 1 - FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
285 
the Vendor on the Issue Date pursuant to the Collateral 
Sale Agreement]/[Specify other Original Collateral sale 
arrangement, provided such arrangement does not 
involve any amendment to the Master Conditions.] 
 
(iv) Substitution of Original Collateral: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(v) Swap Agreement: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) Swap Counterparty: 
[●]  
(Specify Approved Swap Counterparty) 
 
(vii) Swap Guarantor: 
[Insert name, address and brief description of institution 
and guarantee]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) Credit Support Annex: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) Replacement Swap Counterparty 
Mechanics: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]/[For the period from (and 
including) the Issue Date to [[(but excluding)]/[(and 
including)]] 
[●], 
Replacement 
Swap 
Counterparty 
Mechanics shall not be applicable. Replacement Swap 
Counterparty Mechanics shall be applicable thereafter.] 
[However, it is expected that certain other Programme 
Dealers will execute the Standard Terms Election 
Letter, pursuant to which such Programme Dealers will 
elect to treat the Notes as if “Replacement Swap 
Counterparty Mechanics” were “Applicable” for the 
period from (and including) the Issue Date to [(but 
excluding)]/[(and including)] [●].] 
 
(x) Repo Agreement: 
[Applicable - Reverse Repo] 
[Applicable - Repo and Reverse Repo] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) Repo Counterparty: 
[●]  
(Specify Approved Repo Counterparty) 
 
(xii) SL Agreement: 
[Applicable] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(xiii) SL Counterparty: 
[●]  
(Specify Approved SL Counterparty) 
19 
Additional Security Documents: 
[Specify] 
[Applicable 
On or about the Issue Date, the Issuer, the Custodian 
and the Trustee will[, by executing the Issue Deed,] 
enter into a pledge agreement expressed to be 
governed by Japanese law (as the same may be 
amended, supplemented, modified, varied or replaced 
from time to time, the “Japanese Pledge”) pursuant to 
which the Issuer will grant a pledge (shichiken) in favour 
of the Trustee over all of the Issuer’s right, title and 
interest in and to the Pledged Collateral (as defined in 
the Japanese Pledge) held by it through the Custodian 
to secure the Secured Payment Obligations of the

--- Page 286 ---
APPENDIX 1 - FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
286 
Issuer] 
[Applicable 
On or about the Issue Date, the Issuer, the Custodian 
and the Trustee will[, by executing the Issue Deed,] 
enter into a pledge agreement expressed to be 
governed by Korean law (as the same may be 
amended, supplemented, modified, varied or replaced 
from time to time, the “Korean Pledge”) pursuant to 
which the Issuer will grant a pledge (Kun Jil Kwon) in 
favour of the Trustee over all of the Issuer’s right, title 
and interest in and to the Pledged Collateral (as defined 
in the Korean Pledge) held by it through the Custodian 
(or a sub-custodian on its behalf) to secure the Secured 
Payment Obligations of the Issuer.] 
[Not Applicable] 
20 
Security: 
[As per Master Conditions]/[●] 
21 
Application of Available Proceeds: 
[As per Master Conditions]/[●] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
22 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum payable [annually]/[semi- 
annually]/[quarterly]/[monthly]/[Specify if other] in arrear 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[[●] in each year, with the first such date being [●] and 
the last such date being [●]]/[Specify if other] 
 
(iii) Interest Period End Dates: 
[[●] in each year, with the first such date being [●] and 
the last such date being [●]]/[Specify if other] 
 
(iv) Business Days applicable to Interest 
Payment Dates and Interest Period 
End Dates: 
[●]  
(Insert applicable Business Day centres, e.g. London, 
New York, TARGET) 
 
(v) Business Day Convention applicable 
to Interest Payment Dates: 
[Following]/[Modified Following]/[Preceding] Business 
Day Convention 
 
(vi) Business Day Convention applicable 
to Interest Period End Dates: 
[[Following]/[Modified Following]/[Preceding] Business 
Day Convention]/[No Adjustment] 
 
(vii) [Interest Amount: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount in respect of each Interest 
Period[, provided that in respect of the Interest Period 
ending on (but excluding) the Interest Payment Date[s] 
falling on [●], [●] per Calculation Amount].]/[Specify]] 
 
(viii) Day Count Fraction: 
[1/1] 
[Actual/Actual] [Actual/Actual-ISDA] 
[Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis]

--- Page 287 ---
APPENDIX 1 - FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
287 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Act/365L] 
[Calculation/252] 
[RBA Bond Basis] 
[Specify if other]  
23 
Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[[●] in each year, with the first such date being [●] and 
the last such date being [●]]/[Specify if other] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Period End Dates: 
[[●] in each year, with the first such date being [●] and 
the last such date being [●]]/[Specify if other] 
 
(iii) Business Days applicable to Interest 
Payment Dates and Interest Period 
End Dates: 
[●]  
(Insert applicable Business Day centres, e.g. London, 
New York, TARGET) 
 
(iv) Business Day Convention applicable 
to Interest Payment Dates: 
[Following]/[Modified Following]/[Preceding] Business 
Day Convention 
 
(v) Business Day Convention applicable 
to Interest Period End Dates: 
[[Following]/[Modified Following]/[Preceding] Business 
Day Convention]/[No Adjustment] 
 
(vi) Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are determined: 
[“ISDA Rate: 2006 ISDA Definitions”]/[“ISDA Rate: 2021 
ISDA Definitions”] as per Master Conditions 
 
(vii) Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s): 
[Calculation Agent, as per Master Conditions]/[●] 
 
(viii) ISDA Rate: 2006 ISDA Definitions 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
 
- 
Designated Maturity: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]  
(Specify as Not Applicable if Overnight Floating Rate 
Option is Applicable) 
 
- 
Reset Date: 
[●]/[Last day of the relevant Interest Period]/[First day of 
the relevant Interest Period]/[In respect of each Interest 
Period, the first day of the next following Interest Period, 
provided that in the case of the final Interest Period, the 
Maturity Date (Include this wording only if “Arrears 
Setting” applies)] 
 
- 
[Average Rate Fixing Day: 
[[First day of the next following Interest Accrual Period 
or in the case of the final Interest Accrual Period, the 
Termination Date]/[The day [●] Applicable Business 
Days preceding the [Reset Date]/[first day of the next 
following Interest Accrual Period or in the case of the 
final Interest Accrual Period, the Termination Date]]  
(Only include if the specified Floating Rate Option is a 
Published Average Rate)]

--- Page 288 ---
APPENDIX 1 - FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
288 
 
- 
Delayed Payment: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[Delayed Interest Payment Days: [●] Reference 
Business Days] 
(Include Delayed Interest Payment Days if Delayed 
Payment is Applicable) 
(Consider in particular if Delayed Payment should apply 
where OIS Compounding or Overnight Averaging 
applies) 
 
- 
Overnight Floating Rate Option: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete sub-paragraphs below) 
 
(1) Overnight Rate 
Compounding/ Averaging 
Method: 
[Overnight Rate Compounding Method]/[Overnight Rate 
Averaging Method] 
 
(2) Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method:  
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
(Specify as Not Applicable if an Overnight Rate 
Averaging Method applies and delete sub-paragraphs 
below) 
(If Applicable, select only the Compounding Method 
below that is being elected and delete all other 
Compounding Methods and their sub-paragraphs) 
 
 
[OIS Compounding: Applicable  
 
 
- 
Daily Capped Rate: [Applicable: 
[●]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Daily Floored Rate: [Applicable: 
[●]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Day Count Basis: [●]/[As per 2006 
ISDA Definitions]] 
 
 
[Compounding with Lookback: Applicable  
 
 
- 
Lookback: 
[[●] 
Applicable 
Business 
Days]/[As 
per 
2006 
ISDA Definitions] 
 
 
- 
Daily Capped Rate: [Applicable: 
[●]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Daily Floored Rate: [Applicable: 
[●]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Day Count Basis: [●]/[As per 2006 
ISDA Definitions]] 
 
 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift: Applicable 
 
 
- 
Set-in-Advance: [Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Observation 
Period 
Shift: 
[[●] 
Observation Period Shift Business

--- Page 289 ---
APPENDIX 1 - FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
289 
Days]/[As 
per 
2006 
ISDA 
Definitions] 
 
 
- 
Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional Business Days: [●]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Daily Capped Rate: [Applicable: 
[●]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Daily Floored Rate: [Applicable: 
[●]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Day Count Basis: [●]/[As per 2006 
ISDA Definitions]] 
 
 
[Compounding with Lockout: Applicable 
 
 
- 
Lockout: 
[[●] 
Lockout 
Period 
Business 
Days]/[As 
per 
2006 
ISDA Definitions] 
 
 
- 
Lockout Period Business Days: 
[●]/[As per 2006 ISDA Definitions] 
 
 
- 
Daily Capped Rate: [Applicable: 
[●]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Daily Floored Rate: [Applicable: 
[●]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Day Count Basis: [●]/[As per 2006 
ISDA Definitions]] 
 
(3) Overnight Rate Averaging 
Method: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
(Specify as Not Applicable if an Overnight Rate 
Compounding 
Method 
applies 
and 
delete 
sub-
paragraphs below) 
(If Applicable, select only the Averaging Method below 
that is being elected and delete all other Averaging 
Methods and their sub-paragraphs) 
 
 
[Overnight Averaging: Applicable 
 
 
- 
Daily Capped Rate: [Applicable: 
[●]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Daily Floored Rate: [Applicable: 
[●]]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Averaging with Lookback: Applicable 
 
 
- 
Lookback: 
[[●] 
Applicable 
Business 
Days]/[As 
per 
2006 
ISDA Definitions] 
 
 
- 
Daily Capped Rate: [Applicable: 
[●]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Daily Floored Rate: [Applicable: 
[●]]/[Not Applicable]]

--- Page 290 ---
APPENDIX 1 - FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
290 
 
 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift: Applicable 
 
 
- 
Set-in-Advance: [Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Observation 
Period 
Shift: 
[[●] 
Observation Period Shift Business 
Days]/[As 
per 
2006 
ISDA 
Definitions] 
 
 
- 
Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional Business Days: [●]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Daily Capped Rate: [Applicable: 
[●]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Daily Floored Rate: [Applicable: 
[●]]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Averaging with Lockout: Applicable 
 
 
- 
Lockout: 
[[●] 
Lockout 
Period 
Business 
Days]/[As 
per 
2006 
ISDA Definitions] 
 
 
- 
Lockout Period Business Days: 
[●]/[As per 2006 ISDA Definitions] 
 
 
- 
Daily Capped Rate: [Applicable: 
[●]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Daily Floored Rate: [Applicable: 
[●]]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
- 
Index Floating Rate Option: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
(If Not Applicable, delete sub-paragraphs below) 
 
(1) Index Method: 
(If Index Floating Rate Option is Applicable, select only 
the Index Method below that is being elected and delete 
all other Index Methods and their sub-paragraphs.) 
(If Index Floating Rate Option is Not Applicable, delete 
sub-paragraphs below) 
 
 
[Compounded Index Method: Applicable 
 
 
- 
Day Count Basis: [●]/[As per 2006 
ISDA Definitions]] 
 
 
[Compounded Index Method with Observation Period 
Shift: Applicable 
 
 
- 
Set-in-Advance: [Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Observation 
Period 
Shift: 
[[●] 
Observation Period Shift Business 
Days]/[As 
per 
2006 
ISDA 
Definitions] 
 
 
- 
Observation 
Period 
Shift

--- Page 291 ---
APPENDIX 1 - FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
291 
Additional Business Days: [●]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Day Count Basis: [●]/[As per 2006 
ISDA Definitions]] 
 
 
[All-In Compounded Index Method: Applicable 
 
 
- 
Index LevelSTART: [●]/[As per 2006 
ISDA Definitions] 
 
 
- 
Index LevelEND: [●]/[As per 2006 
ISDA Definitions] 
 
 
- 
Day Count Basis: [●]/[As per 2006 
ISDA Definitions]] 
 
(ix) ISDA Rate: 2021 ISDA Definitions 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
- 
2021 ISDA Definitions 
Publication Version: 
Version [●], dated [●] 
 
- 
Floating Rate Matrix Publication 
Version: 
Version [●], dated [●] 
 
- 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
 
- 
Designated Maturity: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]  
(Specify as Not Applicable if Overnight Floating Rate 
Option is Applicable) 
 
- 
Reset Date: 
[●]/[Last day of the relevant Interest Period]/[First day of 
the relevant Interest Period]/[In respect of each Interest 
Period, the first day of the next following Interest Period, 
provided that in the case of the final Interest Period, the 
Maturity Date (Include this wording only if “Arrears 
Setting” applies)] 
 
- 
Fixing Day: 
[●]/[As per 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
- 
Fixing Time: 
[●]/[As per 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
- 
Delayed Payment: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[Delayed Interest Payment Days: [●] Reference 
Business Days] 
(Include Delayed Interest Payment Days if Delayed 
Payment is Applicable) 
(Consider in particular if Delayed Payment should apply 
where OIS Compounding or Overnight Averaging 
applies) 
 
- 
[Successor Benchmark: 
[●]] 
(Delete if Not Applicable) 
 
- 
[Successor Benchmark Effective 
Date: 
[●]] 
(Delete if Not Applicable) 
 
- 
[Unscheduled Holiday: 
[Delete if Not Applicable]

--- Page 292 ---
APPENDIX 1 - FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
292 
 
(1) Interest Payment Date 
adjustment for 
Unscheduled Holiday: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(2) Interest Period End 
Date/Maturity Date 
adjustment for 
Unscheduled Holiday: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
- 
Overnight Floating Rate Option: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
(If Not Applicable, delete sub-paragraphs below) 
 
(1) Overnight Rate 
Compounding/Averaging 
Method: 
[Overnight Rate Compounding Method]/[Overnight Rate 
Averaging Method] 
 
(2) Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
(Specify as Not Applicable if an Overnight Rate 
Averaging Method applies and delete sub-paragraphs 
below) 
(If Applicable, select only the Compounding Method 
below that is being elected and delete all other 
Compounding Methods and their sub-paragraphs) 
 
 
[OIS Compounding: Applicable  
 
 
- 
Daily Capped Rate: [Applicable: 
[●]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Daily Floored Rate: [Applicable: 
[●]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Day Count Basis: [●]/[As per 2021 
ISDA Definitions]] 
 
 
[Compounding with Lookback: Applicable 
 
 
- 
Lookback: 
[[●] 
Applicable 
Business 
Days]/[As 
per 
2021 
ISDA Definitions] 
 
 
- 
Daily Capped Rate: [Applicable: 
[●]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Daily Floored Rate: [Applicable: 
[●]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Day Count Basis: [●]/[As per 2021 
ISDA Definitions]] 
 
 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift: Applicable 
 
 
- 
Set-in-Advance: [Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Observation 
Period 
Shift: 
[[●] 
Observation Period Shift Business 
Days]/[As 
per 
2021 
ISDA 
Definitions]

--- Page 293 ---
APPENDIX 1 - FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
293 
 
 
- 
Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional Business Days: [●]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Daily Capped Rate: [Applicable: 
[●]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Daily Floored Rate: [Applicable: 
[●]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Day Count Basis: [●]/[As per 2021 
ISDA Definitions]] 
 
 
[Compounding with Lockout: Applicable 
 
 
- 
Lockout: 
[[●] 
Lockout 
Period 
Business 
Days]/[As 
per 
2021 
ISDA Definitions] 
 
 
- 
Lockout Period Business Days: 
[●]/[As per 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
 
- 
Daily Capped Rate: [Applicable: 
[●]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Daily Floored Rate: [Applicable: 
[●]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Day Count Basis: [●]/[As per 2021 
ISDA Definitions]] 
 
 
[Specify other compounding method] 
 
(3) Overnight Rate Averaging 
Method: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
(Specify as Not Applicable if an Overnight Rate 
Compounding 
Method 
applies 
and 
delete 
sub-
paragraphs below) 
(If Applicable, select only the Averaging Method below 
that is being elected and delete all other Averaging 
Methods and their sub-paragraphs) 
 
 
[Overnight Averaging: Applicable 
 
 
- 
Daily Capped Rate: [Applicable: 
[●]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Daily Floored Rate: [Applicable: 
[●]]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Averaging with Lookback: Applicable 
 
 
- 
Lookback: 
[[●] 
Applicable 
Business 
Days]/[As 
per 
2021 
ISDA Definitions] 
 
 
- 
Daily Capped Rate: [Applicable: 
[●]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Daily Floored Rate: [Applicable: 
[●]]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift: Applicable

--- Page 294 ---
APPENDIX 1 - FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
294 
 
 
- 
Set-in-Advance: [Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Observation 
Period 
Shift: 
[[●] 
Observation Period Shift Business 
Days]/[As 
per 
2021 
ISDA 
Definitions] 
 
 
- 
Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional Business Days: [●]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Daily Capped Rate: [Applicable: 
[●]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Daily Floored Rate: [Applicable: 
[●]]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Averaging with Lockout: Applicable 
 
 
- 
Lockout: 
[[●] 
Lockout 
Period 
Business 
Days]/[As 
per 
2021 
ISDA Definitions] 
 
 
- 
Lockout Period Business Days: 
[●]/[As per 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
 
- 
Daily Capped Rate: [Applicable: 
[●]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Daily Floored Rate: [Applicable: 
[●]]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Specify other averaging method] 
 
- 
Index Floating Rate Option: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
(If Not Applicable, delete sub-paragraphs below) 
 
(1) Index Method: 
(If Index Floating Rate Option is Applicable, select only 
the Index Method below that is being elected and delete 
all other Index Methods and their sub-paragraphs.) 
(If Index Floating Rate Option is Not Applicable, delete 
sub-paragraphs below) 
 
 
[Standard Index Method: Applicable 
 
 
- 
Day Count Basis: [●]/[As per 2021 
ISDA Definitions]] 
 
 
[All-In Compounded Index Method: Applicable 
 
 
- 
Day Count Basis: [●]/[As per 2021 
ISDA Definitions]] 
 
 
[Compounded Index Method: Applicable 
 
 
- 
Day Count Basis: [●]/[As per 2021 
ISDA Definitions]] 
 
 
[Compounded Index Method with Observation Period 
Shift: Applicable 
 
 
- 
Set-in-Advance: [Applicable]/[Not

--- Page 295 ---
APPENDIX 1 - FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
295 
Applicable]] 
 
 
- 
Observation 
Period 
Shift: 
[[●] 
Observation Period Shift Business 
Days]/[As 
per 
2021 
ISDA 
Definitions] 
 
 
- 
Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional Business Days: [●]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Day Count Basis: [●]/[As per 2021 
ISDA Definitions]] 
 
 
[Specify other index method] 
 
(x) Reference Rate Trade Date: 
[●] 
(The date should typically be on or prior to the date on 
which an issuance proposal is delivered to SPIRE, such 
as the trade date for the Notes) 
 
(xi) Pre-nominated 
Replacement 
Reference Rate: 
[●]/[None specified] 
 
(xii) Linear Interpolation: 
[Applicable - Standard]/[Applicable - 2006 ISDA 
Definitions]/[Applicable - 2021 ISDA Definitions]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Consider specifying which Interest Period(s) linear 
interpolation should apply to. If no such specification, 
linear interpolation will apply to all Interest Periods that 
are not equal to the Designated Maturity)  
[Non-Representative: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
(Include an election for Non-Representative only if 
“Applicable - 2021 ISDA Definitions” is specified, 
otherwise delete.) 
 
(xiii) Margin(s): 
[[+]/[-][●] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xiv) Day Count Fraction: 
[1/1] 
[Actual/Actual] [Actual/Actual-ISDA] 
[Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Act/365L] 
[Calculation/252] 
[RBA Bond Basis] 
[Specify if other]  
 
(xv) Interest Determination Date: 
[With respect to each Interest Period, [●]]/[As defined in 
the Master Conditions] 
24 
Default Interest: 
As per Master Conditions 
25 
U.S. Withholding Note/U.S. tax form 
[Yes]/[No]

--- Page 296 ---
APPENDIX 1 - FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
296 
collection required: 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
26 
Specified Final Redemption Amount of 
each Note: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
27 
Early Redemption Amount of each Note:  
As defined in the Master Conditions 
28 
[Redemption by Instalment: 
(Specify Instalment Amounts, Instalment Dates and any 
other provisions relating to Notes that are redeemed by 
instalment)] 
29 
[Issuer Call: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Issuer Call Condition: 
[Autocall Termination Trigger (Specify details)]/[Optional 
Termination Trigger (Specify details)]/[Other (Specify 
details)] 
 
(ii) 
[Autocall Termination Determination 
Date: 
[●][, [in each case] subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the [Following]/[Modified Following]/[Preceding] 
Business Day Convention]]  
(Specify 
where 
Autocall 
Termination 
Trigger 
is 
applicable. Otherwise, delete) 
 
(iii) [Optional Termination Exercise Cut-
off Date: 
[As per Master Swap Terms]/[●][, [in each case] subject 
to 
adjustment 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
[Following]/[Modified Following]/[Preceding] Business 
Day Convention]]  
(Specify 
where 
Optional 
Termination 
Trigger 
is 
applicable. Otherwise, delete) 
 
(iv) Issuer Call Redemption Date: 
[●][, [in each case] subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the [Following]/[Modified Following]/[Preceding] 
Business Day Convention] 
 
(v) Issuer Call Redemption Amount of 
each Note: 
[●]  
 
(vi) Issuer Call Settlement: 
[Cash to Swap Counterparty]/[Delivery to Swap 
Counterparty] 
 
(vii) Issuer Call Settlement Date: 
[●][, [in each case] subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the [Following]/[Modified Following]/[Preceding] 
Business Day Convention] 
 
(viii) Issuer Call Period End Date: 
[●][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
[Following]/[Modified Following]/[Preceding] Business 
Day Convention]/[Not Applicable]  
(Specify date in the event that interest is payable on the 
Issuer Call Settlement Date in addition to the Issuer Call 
Redemption 
Amount. 
Otherwise, 
specify 
Not 
Applicable) 
 
(ix) [Interest payable upon Issuer Call: 
[As per Master Conditions]]  
(Include where Issuer Call Period End Date is specified.

--- Page 297 ---
APPENDIX 1 - FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
297 
Where Issuer Call Period End Date is not applicable, 
delete) 
 
(x) [Autocall FX Rate: 
[Bid]/[Mid]/[Ask] [spot]/[forward]/[specify other] (Specify 
details) exchange rate for [●] (Include currency of 
Original Collateral) into [●] (Include Specified Currency)  
(Specify 
where 
Autocall 
Termination 
Trigger 
is 
applicable. Otherwise, delete) 
 
(xi) [Autocall Valuation Method: 
[Spot]/[Forward]/[Other] (Specify details) dirty bid value]  
(Specify 
where 
Autocall 
Termination 
Trigger 
is 
applicable. Otherwise, delete) 
 
(xii) Substitution Knockout: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]]  
(Specify as Applicable where “Substitution of Original 
Collateral” is specified as Applicable and the occurrence 
of such substitution should knock out the application of 
the Issuer Call. In all other case, Not Applicable) 
30 
Noteholder Early Redemption Option: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
Noteholder Early Redemption Option Period: [●] 
(The Noteholder Early Redemption Option Period must 
end at least 25 Reference Business Days prior to the 
Maturity Date) 
31 
Liquidation: 
As per Master Conditions 
32 
Liquidation Period Cut-off: 
[10]/[30] Reference Business Days 
33 
Relevant Regulatory Law Reference Date: 
[●]  
(The date should typically be on or prior to the date on 
which an issuance proposal is delivered to SPIRE, such 
as the trade date for the Notes) 
FORM OF NOTES AND AGENTS 
34 
Form of Notes: 
[Bearer Notes: 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Bearer 
Notes in the limited circumstances specified in the 
Conditions] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Bearer Notes on [●] days’ notice 
 
 
(Include the following when the Notes have multiple 
denominations above €100K (e.g. where integral 
multiples may apply)) 
 
 
If the Temporary Global Note is exchangeable for 
definitive notes at the option of the holder, the Notes 
shall be tradable only in amounts of at least the

--- Page 298 ---
APPENDIX 1 - FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
298 
Specified Denomination (or if more than one Specified 
Denomination, the lowest Specified Denomination) 
provided in paragraph 6(i) (Specified Denominations) of 
these Final Terms and multiples thereof] 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Bearer Notes in the limited circumstances specified in 
the Conditions]] 
 
 
[Registered Notes: 
 
 
[Global Certificate exchangeable for Certificates in the 
limited circumstances specified in the Conditions] 
 
 
[Certificates other than Global Certificates]] 
35 
Applicable TEFRA exemption: 
[TEFRA C]/[TEFRA D]/[TEFRA Not Applicable] 
36 
New Global Note/held under New 
Safekeeping Structure: 
No 
37 
Reference Business Day: 
[TARGET]/[TARGET 
Business 
Day]/[Specify 
other 
places, if relevant] 
38 
Trustee, Agents, Custodian, Vendor: 
 
 
(i) 
Trustee: 
[●] (Specify name) 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Agent: 
[●] (Specify name and Specified Office) 
 
(iii) Custodian: 
[●] (Specify name and Specified Office) 
 
(iv) Disposal Agent: 
[●] (Specify name and Specified Office) 
 
(v) Issuing and Paying Agent: 
[●] (Specify name and Specified Office) 
 
(vi) Additional Paying Agent(s): 
[●] (Specify name and Specified Office, where 
applicable) 
 
(vii) Registrar: 
[●] (Specify name and Specified Office, where 
applicable) 
 
(viii) Transfer Agent(s): 
[●] (Specify name and Specified Office, where 
applicable) 
 
(ix) Vendor: 
[Specify name]/[Not Applicable] 
DISTRIBUTION 
39 
Dealer: 
[Specify name] 
40 
Additional selling restrictions: 
[Not Applicable]/[Specify details] 
41 
Method of distribution: 
Non-syndicated 
 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. [[Insert relevant third 
party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that such information has 
been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published 
by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of Single Platform Investment Repackaging Entity SA, acting in respect of its Compartment 
[●]:

--- Page 299 ---
APPENDIX 1 - FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
299 
By: 
 ...................................................................  
Duly authorised

--- Page 300 ---
APPENDIX 1 - FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
300 
PART B - OTHER INFORMATION 
1 
LISTING: 
 
 
(i) 
Listing and admission to trading: 
Application [has been]/[will be] made for the Notes to be 
admitted to the Official List of Euronext Dublin and for the 
Notes to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of 
Euronext Dublin. [There can be no assurance that such 
application will be successful.] 
 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue, need to indicate that 
original Notes are already admitted to trading) 
 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to trading: 
[●] 
2 
RATINGS: 
 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes are not rated]/[The Notes to be issued have been 
rated: 
 
 
[Fitch: [●]] 
 
 
[Moody’s: [●]] 
 
 
[R&I: [●]] 
 
 
[S&P: [●]] 
 
 
[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is]/[are] [established in the 
European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 (the “CRA Regulation”)]/[not established in the 
European Union but the rating it has given to the Notes is 
endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating agency], 
which is established in the European Union and registered 
under 
Regulation 
(EC) 
No 
1060/2009 
(the 
“CRA 
Regulation”)] 
3 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER: 
 
(Include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the issue/offer, 
detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of the 
following statement:) 
 
“Save as discussed in the section of the Base Prospectus titled “Subscription and Sale”, so far as the 
Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer” 
 
(If no conflicts have been disclosed, delete entire Section 3. If conflicts have been disclosed, 
reference should be to the section of the relevant document where such conflicts were disclosed) 
 
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to 
the Prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation) 
4 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES: 
 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer and use of 
proceeds: 
[●] 
 
 
(See the section of the Base Prospectus titled “Use of 
Proceeds” - if reasons for offer different from making profit 
and/or hedging certain risks will need to include those

--- Page 301 ---
APPENDIX 1 - FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
301 
reasons here) 
 
(ii) 
Use of initial payment due from 
any Swap Counterparty under 
the Swap Agreement, any Repo 
Counterparty under the Repo 
Agreement 
and 
any 
SL 
Counterparty 
under 
the 
SL 
Agreement: 
[Not Applicable]/[Specify if initial payment is to be used for 
anything other than the purchase of Original Collateral and/or 
making any payment under any Swap Agreement, Repo 
Agreement or SL Agreement, for example payment of costs] 
 
(iii) Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
5 
Fixed Rate Notes only - YIELD 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[●] 
 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the 
issue price. It is not an indication of future yield 
6 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION: 
 
 
ISIN: 
[●] 
 
Common Code: 
[●] 
 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
Bank 
SA/NV 
and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable]/[Specify name(s) and number(s) [and 
address(es)]] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against]/[free of] payment

--- Page 302 ---
APPENDIX 2 - FORM OF PRICING TERMS 
 
302 
APPENDIX 2 
FORM OF PRICING TERMS 
[Solely for the purposes of the manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties 
and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the 
Council on markets in financial instruments (as amended, “MiFID II”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of 
the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer’s target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer’s target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[Solely for the purposes of the manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook, and professional clients, 
as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of “retained EU law”, as defined in the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”) (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer’s target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer’s target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to any retail investor (being, for these purposes, any retail investor within or 
outside (i) the European Economic Area (“EEA”) or (ii) the United Kingdom (“UK”)). For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a “retail client” as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) 
of [Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and the Council on markets in financial instruments 
(as amended, “MiFID II”)][MiFID II] or a “retail client” as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of “retained EU law”, as defined in the EUWA; (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended) or within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 (“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, in each case, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in, 
respectively, point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II and point (8) of Article 2(1) of [Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of “retained EU law”, as defined in the EUWA][UK MiFIR]; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”) or Article 2 of the Prospectus 
Regulation as it forms part of “retained EU law”, as defined in the EUWA (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”) 
(each as amended). 
No key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs 
Regulation”) or the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of “retained EU law”, as defined in the EUWA (the “UK 
PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the EEA or in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA or in the UK may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation or the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
Pricing Terms  
dated [●]

--- Page 303 ---
APPENDIX 2 - FORM OF PRICING TERMS 
 
303 
Single Platform Investment Repackaging Entity SA 
(a public limited liability company (société anonyme) incorporated under the laws of Luxembourg with registered office at 5, 
Heienhaff, L-1736 Senningerberg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, having a share capital of EUR 31,000 and duly registered 
with the Registre de Commerce et des Sociétés, Luxembourg with number B206430) (“SPIRE”) 
acting in respect of its Compartment [●] 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 635400AXHEAFQKFFNO47 
Issue of [SERIES NUMBER][SPECIFIED CURRENCY][AGGREGATE PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF 
TRANCHE] [TITLE OF NOTES] due [●] 
under the Secured Note Programme 
PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used and not defined herein shall have the meaning given to such terms in the Master Conditions set 
forth in the base prospectus dated 1 April 2022 [and the supplemental base prospectus[es] dated [INSERT 
DATE] [and [INSERT DATE]]] ([together, ]the “Base Prospectus”) which [together] constitute[s] a base 
prospectus [for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation]. This section titled “Pricing Terms” (including any 
schedules or annexes hereto) constitutes the Pricing Terms of the Notes described herein (the “Pricing 
Terms”). For the purposes of these Pricing Terms, references to Accessory Conditions in the Base 
Prospectus shall be read and construed as references to Pricing Terms in respect of the Notes. These Pricing 
Terms do not constitute Final Terms of the Notes for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation or the UK 
Prospectus Regulation. [Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis 
of the combination of these Pricing Terms and the Base Prospectus.] The Base Prospectus has been 
published on the website of Euronext Dublin (https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin). 
[By purchasing the Notes, the Noteholders hereby ratify the selection of each member of the board of 
directors of SPIRE[, as identified in the Base Prospectus,] and confirm that such ratification is being made 
without selection or control by [INSERT NAME OF DEALER] or any of its affiliates.]/[Include any updates to 
the board of directors, as necessary.] 
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to [specify benchmark], which is provided 
by [specify administrator’s legal name]. As at the date of these Pricing Terms, [specify administrator’s legal 
name] [appears][does not appear] on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to article 36 of the Benchmark 
Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) (the “BMR”). 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, [[specify benchmark] does not fall within the scope of the BMR by virtue of 
Article 2 of that regulation,] / [the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the BMR apply,] such that [specify 
administrator’s legal name] is not currently required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located 
outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence).] 
(Italics and footnotes herein denote guidance for completing the Pricing Terms and should be deleted prior to 
completing these Pricing Terms.) 
(Note: Headings are for ease of reference only.) 
GENERAL 
1 
Issuer: 
Single Platform Investment Repackaging Entity SA, 
acting in respect of its Compartment [●] 
2 
[(i)] Series Number: 
[●] 
A separate compartment has been created by the 
Board in respect of the Notes (“Compartment [●]”).

--- Page 304 ---
APPENDIX 2 - FORM OF PRICING TERMS 
 
304 
Compartment [●] is a separate part of SPIRE’s assets 
and liabilities. The Collateral (relating to the Notes) is 
exclusively available to satisfy the rights of the 
Noteholders (in accordance with the terms and 
conditions set out in these Pricing Terms) and the rights 
of the other Secured Creditors whose claims have 
arisen at the occasion of the creation, the operation or 
the liquidation of Compartment [●], as contemplated by 
the articles of association (statuts) of SPIRE dated 7 
May 2021 
 
[(ii) Tranche Number: 
[●]] 
 
(An initial Tranche should be specified as 
Tranche 1. Otherwise, as the Tranche will 
be fungible with an existing Series, the 
Tranche Number(s) will increase 
sequentially and details of that Series, 
including the date on which the Notes 
become fungible, will need to be provided 
here) 
 
3 
Specified Currency: 
[●] 
4 
Aggregate principal amount of Notes: 
 
 
[(i)] Series: 
[●] 
 
[(ii) Tranche: 
[●]] 
5 
Issue price: 
[●] per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of the 
Notes 
6 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[●] [and integral multiples of the Calculation Amount in 
excess thereof up to and including [●]] 
(Minimum of €100,000 or its equivalent in the Specified 
Currency) 
(See ICMA standard documentation, standard language 
and/or latest guidance, in particular for Notes with a 
maturity of less than one year or if the specified 
denomination is expressed to be €100,000 or its 
equivalent and integral multiples of a lower principal 
amount) 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[●]  
(The applicable Calculation Amount will be (i) if there is 
only one Specified Denomination, the Specified 
Denomination of the relevant Notes or (ii) if there are 
several Specified Denominations, the highest common 
factor of those Specified Denominations or (iii) if the 
Specified Denomination provides for the possibility of 
integral multiples in excess thereof, the size of the 
integral multiple) 
7 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●]

--- Page 305 ---
APPENDIX 2 - FORM OF PRICING TERMS 
 
305 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Issue Date]/[Specify if other]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) Initial Reference Date: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]  
(The applicable form of the ISDA Definitions will be 
locked in as of such date for the purposes of this Series 
and should typically be on or prior to the date on which 
an issuance proposal is delivered to the Issuer, such as 
the trade date for the Notes) 
8 
Maturity Date: 
[●] (Specify date) [subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the [Following]/[Modified Following]/[Preceding] 
Business Day Convention] 
9 
Business Days applicable to Maturity Date:  [●]  
(Insert applicable Business Day centres, e.g. London, 
New York, TARGET) 
10 
Standard Terms: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]/[For the period from (and 
including) the Issue Date to [(but excluding)]/[(and 
including)] [●], Standard Terms shall not be applicable. 
Standard Terms shall be applicable thereafter.] 
[However, it is expected that certain other Programme 
Dealers will execute a letter (the “Standard Terms 
Election Letter”), pursuant to which such Programme 
Dealers will elect to treat the Notes as if “Standard 
Terms” were “Applicable” for the period from (and 
including) the Issue Date to [(but excluding)]/[(and 
including)] [●].] 
(If specified as Applicable for a period, the relevant 
criterion to the provision of secondary market quotations 
and the replacement of a Swap Counterparty that 
“Standard Terms” must have been specified as 
“Applicable” in the applicable Accessory Conditions will 
be satisfied in respect of such period only) 
11 
Interest Basis: 
[Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
[Variable-linked Interest Rate Note] 
 
 
[Specify if other] 
 
 
(Further 
particulars 
specified, 
as 
applicable, 
in 
paragraphs 22, 23 and 24 of these Pricing Terms) 
12 
Material Change Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
13 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Bearer Notes: 
[No]/[Yes. As the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, talons may be required if, on exchange into 
definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments are still 
to be made]/[Specify details]/[Not Applicable] 
14 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Redemption at Final Redemption Amount, subject to 
the other provisions herein]

--- Page 306 ---
APPENDIX 2 - FORM OF PRICING TERMS 
 
306 
 
 
[Instalment, subject to the other provisions herein] 
 
 
[Specify if other] 
15 
Date Board approval for issuance of Notes 
obtained: 
[●] 
16 
Transaction Documents: 
[As per Master Conditions]/[●] 
17 
Transaction Parties: 
[As per Master Conditions]/[●] 
MORTGAGED PROPERTY 
18 
Mortgaged Property: 
 
 
(i) 
Original Collateral: 
The Original Collateral shall comprise [●] in principal 
amount of an issue by [insert name of the obligor of the 
underlying assets][, guaranteed by [insert name of 
guarantor],] of its [insert description of the underlying 
assets] identified below: 
 
 
Original Collateral Obligor - 
Issuer: 
[●] 
 
 
[Original Collateral Obligor – 
Guarantor: 
[●]] 
 
 
Address: 
[●] 
 
 
Country of Incorporation: 
[●] 
 
 
Business Activities: 
[●] 
 
 
Regulated or equivalent third 
country 
market 
or 
SME 
Growth Market on which the 
relevant 
Original 
Collateral 
Obligor 
has 
securities 
admitted to trading]: 
[●] 
 
 
Asset: 
 
 
 
ISIN: 
[●] 
 
 
Coupon: 
[●] 
 
 
Maturity: 
[●] 
 
 
Currency: 
[●] 
 
 
Governing Law: 
[●] 
 
 
Senior/Subordinated: 
[●] 
 
 
[Admitted to trading on the 
following markets: 
[●]] 
 
 
[Documentation: 
[Where 
Original 
Collateral 
is 
admitted to trading 
on 
a 
regulated 
market, 
equivalent 
third country market 
or 
SME 
Growth 
Market insert link to 
publicly 
available

--- Page 307 ---
APPENDIX 2 - FORM OF PRICING TERMS 
 
307 
offering document of 
the 
Original 
Collateral]] 
 
 
[Add details of any further Original Collateral] 
(If “Applicable – Repo and Reverse Repo” is applicable, 
then Original Collateral should be specified as “Not 
Applicable”) 
 
(ii) 
Original Collateral Obligor Reference 
Date: 
[●]  
(The date should typically be on or prior to the date on 
which an issuance proposal is delivered to SPIRE, such 
as the trade date for the Notes) 
 
(iii) [Purchase of Original Collateral: 
[The Issuer will purchase the Original Collateral from 
the Vendor on the Issue Date pursuant to the Collateral 
Sale Agreement]/[Specify other Original Collateral sale 
arrangement.] 
 
(iv) Substitution of Original Collateral: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Specify any additional conditions to be satisfied) 
 
(v) Swap Agreement: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Specify any details required if disclosure in the Base 
Prospectus is insufficient) 
 
(vi) Swap Counterparty: 
[Insert name of institution] 
 
(vii) Swap Guarantor: 
[Insert name, address and brief description of institution 
and guarantee]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) Credit Support Annex: 
[Applicable - Payable by Issuer] 
[Applicable - Payable by Swap Counterparty] 
[Applicable - Payable by Issuer and Swap Counterparty] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) Replacement Swap Counterparty 
Mechanics: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]/[For the period from (and 
including) the Issue Date to [[(but excluding)]/[(and 
including)]] 
[●], 
Replacement 
Swap 
Counterparty 
Mechanics shall not be applicable. Replacement Swap 
Counterparty Mechanics shall be applicable thereafter.] 
[However, it is expected that certain other Programme 
Dealers will execute the Standard Terms Election 
Letter, pursuant to which such Programme Dealers will 
elect to treat the Notes as if “Replacement Swap 
Counterparty Mechanics” were “Applicable” for the 
period from (and including) the Issue Date to [(but 
excluding)]/[(and including)] [●].]  
 
(x) Repo Agreement: 
[Applicable - Reverse Repo] 
[Applicable - Repo and Reverse Repo] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Specify any details required if disclosure in the Base

--- Page 308 ---
APPENDIX 2 - FORM OF PRICING TERMS 
 
308 
Prospectus is insufficient) 
 
(xi) Repo Counterparty: 
[Insert name of institution] 
 
(xii) SL Agreement: 
[Applicable] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(xiii) SL Counterparty: 
[Insert name of institution] 
19 
Additional Security Documents: 
[Specify] 
[Applicable 
On or about the Issue Date, the Issuer, the Custodian 
and the Trustee will[, by executing the Issue Deed,] 
enter into a pledge agreement expressed to be 
governed by Japanese law (as the same may be 
amended, supplemented, modified, varied or replaced 
from time to time, the “Japanese Pledge”) pursuant to 
which the Issuer will grant a pledge (shichiken) in favour 
of the Trustee over all of the Issuer’s right, title and 
interest in and to the Pledged Collateral (as defined in 
the Japanese Pledge) held by it through the Custodian 
to secure the Secured Payment Obligations of the 
Issuer] 
[Applicable 
On or about the Issue Date, the Issuer, the Custodian 
and the Trustee will[, by executing the Issue Deed,] 
enter into a pledge agreement expressed to be 
governed by Korean law (as the same may be 
amended, supplemented, modified, varied or replaced 
from time to time, the “Korean Pledge”) pursuant to 
which the Issuer will grant a pledge (Kun Jil Kwon) in 
favour of the Trustee over all of the Issuer’s right, title 
and interest in and to the Pledged Collateral (as defined 
in the Korean Pledge) held by it through the Custodian 
(or a sub-custodian on its behalf) to secure the Secured 
Payment Obligations of the Issuer.] 
[Not Applicable] 
20 
Security: 
[As per Master Conditions]/[●] 
21 
Application of Available Proceeds: 
[As per Master Conditions]/[●] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
22 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum payable [annually][semi- 
annually][quarterly][monthly][Specify if other] in arrear 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[[●] in each year, with the first such date being [●] and 
the last such date being [●]]/[Specify if other] 
 
(iii) Interest Period End Dates: 
[[●] in each year, with the first such date being [●] and 
the last such date being [●]]/[Specify if other]

--- Page 309 ---
APPENDIX 2 - FORM OF PRICING TERMS 
 
309 
 
(iv) Business Days applicable to Interest 
Payment Dates and Interest Period 
End Dates: 
[●]  
(Insert applicable Business Day centres, e.g. London, 
New York, TARGET) 
 
(v) Business Day Convention applicable 
to Interest Payment Dates: 
[Following]/[Modified Following]/[Preceding] Business 
Day Convention 
 
(vi) Business Day Convention applicable 
to Interest Period End Dates: 
[[Following]/[Modified Following]/[Preceding] Business 
Day Convention]/[No Adjustment] 
 
(vii) [Interest Amount: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount in respect of each Interest 
Period[, provided that in respect of the Interest Period 
ending on (but excluding) the Interest Payment Date[s] 
falling on [●], [●] per Calculation Amount].]/[Specify]] 
 
(viii) Day Count Fraction: 
[1/1] 
[Actual/Actual] [Actual/Actual-ISDA] 
[Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Act/365L] 
[Calculation/252] 
[RBA Bond Basis] 
[Specify if other]  
 
(ix) Other terms relating to the method of 
calculating interest for Fixed Rate 
Notes: 
[Not Applicable]/[Specify details] 
23 
Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[[●] in each year, with the first such date being [●] and 
the last such date being [●]]/[Specify if other] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Period End Dates: 
[[●] in each year, with the first such date being [●] and 
the last such date being [●]]/[Specify if other] 
 
(iii) Business Days applicable to Interest 
Payment Dates and Interest Period 
End Dates: 
[●]  
(Insert applicable Business Day centres, e.g. London, 
New York, TARGET) 
 
(iv) Business Day Convention applicable 
to Interest Payment Dates: 
[Following]/[Modified Following]/[Preceding] Business 
Day Convention 
 
(v) Business Day Convention applicable 
to Interest Period End Dates: 
[[Following]/[Modified Following]//Preceding] Business 
Day Convention]/[No Adjustment] 
 
(vi) Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are determined: 
[[“ISDA Rate: 2006 ISDA Definitions”]/[“ISDA Rate: 
2021 
ISDA 
Definitions”] 
as 
per 
Master 
Conditions]/[Specify if other] 
 
(vii) Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest 
[Calculation Agent, as per Master Conditions]/[●]

--- Page 310 ---
APPENDIX 2 - FORM OF PRICING TERMS 
 
310 
Amount(s): 
 
(viii) ISDA Rate: 2006 ISDA Definitions 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
– 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
 
– 
Designated Maturity: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]  
(Specify as Not Applicable if Overnight Floating Rate 
Option is Applicable) 
 
– 
Reset Date: 
[●]/[Last day of the relevant Interest Period]/[First day of 
the relevant Interest Period]/[In respect of each Interest 
Period, the first day of the next following Interest Period, 
provided that in the case of the final Interest Period, the 
Maturity Date (Include this wording only if “Arrears 
Setting” applies)] 
 
– 
[Average Rate Fixing Day: 
[First day of the next following Interest Accrual Period or 
in the case of the final Interest Accrual Period, the 
Termination Date]/[The day [●] Applicable Business 
Days preceding the [Reset Date]/[first day of the next 
following Interest Accrual Period or in the case of the 
final Interest Accrual Period, the Termination Date]]  
(Only include if the specified Floating Rate Option is a 
Published Average Rate) 
 
– 
Delayed Payment: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[Delayed Interest Payment Days: [●] Reference 
Business Days] 
(Include Delayed Interest Payment Days if Delayed 
Payment is Applicable) 
(Consider in particular if Delayed Payment should apply 
where OIS Compounding or Overnight Averaging 
applies) 
 
– 
Overnight Floating Rate Option: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete sub-paragraphs below) 
 
(1) Overnight Rate 
Compounding/ Averaging 
Method: 
[Overnight Rate Compounding Method]/[Overnight Rate 
Averaging Method] 
 
(2) Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method:  
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
(Specify as Not Applicable if an Overnight Rate 
Averaging Method applies and delete sub-paragraphs 
below) 
(If Applicable, select only the Compounding Method 
below that is being elected and delete all other 
Compounding Methods and their sub-paragraphs)

--- Page 311 ---
APPENDIX 2 - FORM OF PRICING TERMS 
 
311 
 
 
[OIS Compounding: Applicable  
 
 
- 
Daily Capped Rate: [Applicable: 
[●]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Daily Floored Rate: [Applicable: 
[●]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Day Count Basis: [●]/[As per 2006 
ISDA Definitions]] 
 
 
[Compounding with Lookback: Applicable  
 
 
- 
Lookback: 
[[●] 
Applicable 
Business 
Days]/[As 
per 
2006 
ISDA Definitions] 
 
 
- 
Daily Capped Rate: [Applicable: 
[●]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Daily Floored Rate: [Applicable: 
[●]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Day Count Basis: [●]/[As per 2006 
ISDA Definitions]] 
 
 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift: Applicable 
 
 
- 
Set-in-Advance: [Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Observation 
Period 
Shift: 
[[●] 
Observation Period Shift Business 
Days]/[As 
per 
2006 
ISDA 
Definitions] 
 
 
- 
Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional Business Days: [●]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Daily Capped Rate: [Applicable: 
[●]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Daily Floored Rate: [Applicable: 
[●]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Day Count Basis: [●]/[As per 2006 
ISDA Definitions]] 
 
 
[Compounding with Lockout: Applicable 
 
 
- 
Lockout: 
[[●] 
Lockout 
Period 
Business 
Days]/[As 
per 
2006 
ISDA Definitions] 
 
 
- 
Lockout Period Business Days: 
[●]/[As per 2006 ISDA Definitions] 
 
 
- 
Daily Capped Rate: [Applicable: 
[●]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Daily Floored Rate: [Applicable: 
[●]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Day Count Basis: [●]/[As per 2006

--- Page 312 ---
APPENDIX 2 - FORM OF PRICING TERMS 
 
312 
ISDA Definitions]] 
 
(3) Overnight Rate Averaging 
Method: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
(Specify as Not Applicable if an Overnight Rate 
Compounding 
Method 
applies 
and 
delete 
sub-
paragraphs below) 
(If Applicable, select only the Averaging Method below 
that is being elected and delete all other Averaging 
Methods and their sub-paragraphs) 
 
 
[Overnight Averaging: Applicable 
 
 
- 
Daily Capped Rate: [Applicable: 
[●]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Daily Floored Rate: [Applicable: 
[●]]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Averaging with Lookback: Applicable 
 
 
- 
Lookback: 
[[●] 
Applicable 
Business 
Days]/[As 
per 
2006 
ISDA Definitions] 
 
 
- 
Daily Capped Rate: [Applicable: 
[●]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Daily Floored Rate: [Applicable: 
[●]]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift: Applicable 
 
 
- 
Set-in-Advance: [Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Observation 
Period 
Shift: 
[[●] 
Observation Period Shift Business 
Days]/[As 
per 
2006 
ISDA 
Definitions] 
 
 
- 
Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional Business Days: [●]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Daily Capped Rate: [Applicable: 
[●]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Daily Floored Rate: [Applicable: 
[●]]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Averaging with Lockout: Applicable 
 
 
- 
Lockout: 
[[●] 
Lockout 
Period 
Business 
Days]/[As 
per 
2006 
ISDA Definitions] 
 
 
- 
Lockout Period Business Days: 
[●]/[As per 2006 ISDA Definitions] 
 
 
- 
Daily Capped Rate: [Applicable: 
[●]]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 313 ---
APPENDIX 2 - FORM OF PRICING TERMS 
 
313 
 
 
- 
Daily Floored Rate: [Applicable: 
[●]]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
- 
Index Floating Rate Option: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
(If Not Applicable, delete sub-paragraphs below) 
 
(1) Index Method: 
(If Index Floating Rate Option is Applicable, select only 
the Index Method below that is being elected and delete 
all other Index Methods and their sub-paragraphs.) 
(If Index Floating Rate Option is Not Applicable, delete 
sub-paragraphs below) 
 
 
[Compounded Index Method: Applicable 
 
 
- 
Day Count Basis: [●]/[As per 2006 
ISDA Definitions]] 
 
 
[Compounded Index Method with Observation Period 
Shift: Applicable 
 
 
- 
Set-in-Advance: [Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Observation 
Period 
Shift: 
[[●] 
Observation Period Shift Business 
Days]/[As 
per 
2006 
ISDA 
Definitions] 
 
 
- 
Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional Business Days: [●]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Day Count Basis: [●]/[As per 2006 
ISDA Definitions]] 
 
 
[All-In Compounded Index Method: Applicable 
 
 
- 
Index LevelSTART: [●]/[As per 2006 
ISDA Definitions] 
 
 
- 
Index LevelEND: [●]/[As per 2006 
ISDA Definitions] 
 
 
- 
Day Count Basis: [●]/[As per 2006 
ISDA Definitions]] 
 
(ix) ISDA Rate: 2021 ISDA Definitions 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
- 
2021 ISDA Definitions 
Publication Version: 
Version [●], dated [●] 
 
- 
Floating Rate Matrix Publication 
Version: 
Version [●], dated [●] 
 
- 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
 
- 
Designated Maturity: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]  
(Specify as Not Applicable if Overnight Floating Rate 
Option is Applicable)

--- Page 314 ---
APPENDIX 2 - FORM OF PRICING TERMS 
 
314 
 
- 
Reset Date: 
[●]/[Last day of the relevant Interest Period]/[First day of 
the relevant Interest Period]/[In respect of each Interest 
Period, the first day of the next following Interest Period, 
provided that in the case of the final Interest Period, the 
Maturity Date (Include this wording only if “Arrears 
Setting” applies)] 
 
- 
Fixing Day: 
[●]/[As per 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
- 
Fixing Time: 
[●]/[As per 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
- 
Delayed Payment: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[Delayed Interest Payment Days: [●] Reference 
Business Days] 
(Include Delayed Interest Payment Days if Delayed 
Payment is Applicable) 
(Consider in particular if Delayed Payment should apply 
where OIS Compounding or Overnight Averaging 
applies) 
 
- 
[Successor Benchmark: 
[●]] 
(Delete if Not Applicable) 
 
- 
[Successor Benchmark Effective 
Date: 
[●]] 
(Delete if Not Applicable) 
 
- 
[Unscheduled Holiday: 
[Delete if Not Applicable] 
 
(1) Interest Payment Date 
adjustment for 
Unscheduled Holiday: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(2) Interest Period End 
Date/Maturity Date 
adjustment for 
Unscheduled Holiday: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
- 
Overnight Floating Rate Option: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
(If Not Applicable, delete sub-paragraphs below) 
 
(1) Overnight Rate 
Compounding/Averaging 
Method: 
[Overnight Rate Compounding Method]/[Overnight Rate 
Averaging Method] 
 
(2) Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
(Specify as Not Applicable if an Overnight Rate 
Averaging Method applies and delete sub-paragraphs 
below) 
(If Applicable, select only the Compounding Method 
below that is being elected and delete all other 
Compounding Methods and their sub-paragraphs) 
 
 
[OIS Compounding: Applicable  
 
 
- 
Daily Capped Rate: [Applicable:

--- Page 315 ---
APPENDIX 2 - FORM OF PRICING TERMS 
 
315 
[●]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Daily Floored Rate: [Applicable: 
[●]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Day Count Basis: [●]/[As per 2021 
ISDA Definitions]] 
 
 
[Compounding with Lookback: Applicable 
 
 
- 
Lookback: 
[[●] 
Applicable 
Business 
Days]/[As 
per 
2021 
ISDA Definitions] 
 
 
- 
Daily Capped Rate: [Applicable: 
[●]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Daily Floored Rate: [Applicable: 
[●]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Day Count Basis: [●]/[As per 2021 
ISDA Definitions]] 
 
 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift: Applicable 
 
 
- 
Set-in-Advance: [Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Observation 
Period 
Shift: 
[[●] 
Observation Period Shift Business 
Days]/[As 
per 
2021 
ISDA 
Definitions] 
 
 
- 
Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional Business Days: [●]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Daily Capped Rate: [Applicable: 
[●]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Daily Floored Rate: [Applicable: 
[●]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Day Count Basis: [●]/[As per 2021 
ISDA Definitions]] 
 
 
[Compounding with Lockout: Applicable 
 
 
- 
Lockout: 
[[●] 
Lockout 
Period 
Business 
Days]/[As 
per 
2021 
ISDA Definitions] 
 
 
- 
Lockout Period Business Days: 
[●]/[As per 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
 
- 
Daily Capped Rate: [Applicable: 
[●]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Daily Floored Rate: [Applicable: 
[●]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Day Count Basis: [●]/[As per 2021 
ISDA Definitions]] 
 
 
[Specify other compounding method]

--- Page 316 ---
APPENDIX 2 - FORM OF PRICING TERMS 
 
316 
 
(3) Overnight Rate Averaging 
Method: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
(Specify as Not Applicable if an Overnight Rate 
Compounding 
Method 
applies 
and 
delete 
sub-
paragraphs below) 
(If Applicable, select only the Averaging Method below 
that is being elected and delete all other Averaging 
Methods and their sub-paragraphs) 
 
 
[Overnight Averaging: Applicable 
 
 
- 
Daily Capped Rate: [Applicable: 
[●]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Daily Floored Rate: [Applicable: 
[●]]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Averaging with Lookback: Applicable 
 
 
- 
Lookback: 
[[●] 
Applicable 
Business 
Days]/[As 
per 
2021 
ISDA Definitions] 
 
 
- 
Daily Capped Rate: [Applicable: 
[●]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Daily Floored Rate: [Applicable: 
[●]]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift: Applicable 
 
 
- 
Set-in-Advance: [Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Observation 
Period 
Shift: 
[[●] 
Observation Period Shift Business 
Days]/[As 
per 
2021 
ISDA 
Definitions] 
 
 
- 
Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional Business Days: [●]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Daily Capped Rate: [Applicable: 
[●]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Daily Floored Rate: [Applicable: 
[●]]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Averaging with Lockout: Applicable 
 
 
- 
Lockout: 
[[●] 
Lockout 
Period 
Business 
Days]/[As 
per 
2021 
ISDA Definitions] 
 
 
- 
Lockout Period Business Days: 
[●]/[As per 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
 
- 
Daily Capped Rate: [Applicable: 
[●]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Daily Floored Rate: [Applicable: 
[●]]/[Not Applicable]]

--- Page 317 ---
APPENDIX 2 - FORM OF PRICING TERMS 
 
317 
[Specify other averaging method] 
 
- 
Index Floating Rate Option: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
(If Not Applicable, delete sub-paragraphs below) 
 
(1) Index Method: 
(If Index Floating Rate Option is Applicable, select only 
the Index Method below that is being elected and delete 
all other Index Methods and their sub-paragraphs.) 
(If Index Floating Rate Option is Not Applicable, delete 
sub-paragraphs below) 
 
 
[Standard Index Method: Applicable 
 
 
- 
Day Count Basis: [●]/[As per 2021 
ISDA Definitions]] 
 
 
[All-In Compounded Index Method: Applicable 
 
 
- 
Day Count Basis: [●]/[As per 2021 
ISDA Definitions]] 
 
 
[Compounded Index Method: Applicable 
 
 
- 
Day Count Basis: [●]/[As per 2021 
ISDA Definitions]] 
 
 
[Compounded Index Method with Observation Period 
Shift: Applicable 
 
 
- 
Set-in-Advance: [Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable]] 
 
 
- 
Observation 
Period 
Shift: 
[[●] 
Observation Period Shift Business 
Days]/[As 
per 
2021 
ISDA 
Definitions] 
 
 
- 
Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional Business Days: [●]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Day Count Basis: [●]/[As per 2021 
ISDA Definitions]] 
 
 
[Specify other index method] 
 
(x) Reference Rate Trade Date: 
[●] 
(The date should typically be on or prior to the date on 
which an issuance proposal is delivered to SPIRE, such 
as the trade date for the Notes) 
 
(xi) Pre-nominated 
Replacement 
Reference Rate: 
[●]/[None specified] 
 
(xii) Linear Interpolation: 
[Applicable - Standard]/[Applicable - 2006 ISDA 
Definitions]/[Applicable - 2021 ISDA Definitions]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Consider specifying which Interest Period(s) linear 
interpolation should apply to. If no such specification, 
linear interpolation will apply to all Interest Periods that

--- Page 318 ---
APPENDIX 2 - FORM OF PRICING TERMS 
 
318 
are not equal to the Designated Maturity)  
[Non-Representative: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
(Include an election for Non-Representative only if 
“Applicable - 2021 ISDA Definitions” is specified, 
otherwise delete.) 
 
(xiii) Margin(s): 
[[+]/[-][●] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xiv) Day Count Fraction: 
[1/1] 
[Actual/Actual] [Actual/Actual-ISDA] 
[Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Act/365L] 
[Calculation/252] 
[RBA Bond Basis] 
[Specify if other]  
 
(xv) Interest Determination Date: 
[With respect to each Interest Period, [●]]/[As defined in 
the Master Conditions] 
 
(xvi) [Reference Rate Modification: 
[Specify consequences of changes to the definition, 
methodology or formula for a Reference Rate]]  
24 
Variable-linked Interest Rate Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Provisions for determining coupon 
where calculated by reference to 
formula and/or other variable: 
[Specify] 
 
(ii) 
Formula/other variable: 
[Specify or annex details] 
 
(iii) Interest Payment Dates: 
[[●] in each year, with the first such date being [●] and 
the last such date being [●]]/[Specify if other] 
 
(iv) Interest Period End Dates: 
[[●] in each year, with the first such date being [●] and 
the last such date being [●]]/[Specify if other] 
 
(v) Business Days applicable to Interest 
Payment Dates and Interest Period 
End Dates: 
[●]  
(Insert applicable Business Day centres, e.g. London, 
New York, TARGET) 
 
(vi) Business Day Convention applicable 
to Interest Payment Dates: 
[Following]/[Modified Following]/[Preceding] Business 
Day Convention 
 
(vii) Business Day Convention applicable 
to Interest Period End Dates: 
[[Following]/[Modified Following]/[Preceding] Business 
Day Convention]/[No Adjustment] 
 
(viii) Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s): 
[Calculation Agent, as per Master Conditions]/[●] 
 
(ix) Day Count Fraction: 
[1/1]

--- Page 319 ---
APPENDIX 2 - FORM OF PRICING TERMS 
 
319 
[Actual/Actual] [Actual/Actual-ISDA] 
[Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Act/365L] 
[Calculation/252] 
[RBA Bond Basis] 
[Specify if other]  
 
(x) Interest Determination Date: 
[With respect to each Interest Period, [●]]/[As defined in 
the Master Conditions] 
25 
Default Interest: 
[As per Master Conditions]/[●]/[Not Applicable] 
26 
U.S. Withholding Note/U.S. tax form 
collection required: 
[Yes]/[No] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
27 
Specified Final Redemption Amount of 
each Note: 
[100 per cent. of its Specified Denomination] 
[The Notes are Instalment Notes, as further described in 
paragraph 29 below [and in the Annex (Redemption by 
Instalments) to these Pricing Terms]. The Final 
Redemption Amount of each Note shall be deemed to 
be satisfied by payment of the final Instalment Amount 
payable on or around the Maturity Date.]  
[Specify or annex details] 
28 
Early Redemption Amount of each Note:  
[As defined in the Master Conditions]/[Specify or annex 
details] 
29 
[Redemption by Instalment: 
[An Instalment Amount shall be due and payable in 
respect of each Note on each Instalment Date. 
On each Instalment Date:  
(i) 
the aggregate principal amount of the Notes shall 
be reduced by an amount equal to the relevant 
Aggregate Instalment Amount relating to such 
Instalment Date; and 
(ii) 
the outstanding principal amount of each Note 
shall be reduced by an amount equal to the 
relevant 
Instalment 
Amount 
due 
on 
such 
Instalment Date, 
unless, in each case, payment of the Instalment Amount 
in respect of a Note is improperly withheld or refused, in 
which case such amount shall remain outstanding until 
the Relevant Date relating to such Instalment Amount. 
For these purposes:  
“Aggregate Instalment Amount” means, in respect of 
an Instalment Date, the amount specified next to such

--- Page 320 ---
APPENDIX 2 - FORM OF PRICING TERMS 
 
320 
Instalment Date in the Annex (Redemption by 
Instalments) to these Pricing Terms. 
“Instalment Amount” means, in respect of an 
Instalment Date, an amount per Note equal to such 
Note’s pro rata share of the Aggregate Instalment 
Amount relating to such Instalment Date.  
“Instalment Date” means each date specified as such 
in the Annex (Redemption by Instalments) to these 
Pricing Terms.]  
[Specify or annex details] 
(Specify Instalment Amounts, Instalment Dates and any 
other provisions relating to Notes that are redeemed by 
instalment)] 
(If not applicable, delete entire paragraph)] 
30 
[Issuer Call: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Issuer Call Condition: 
[Autocall Termination Trigger (Specify details)]/[Optional 
Termination Trigger (Specify details)]/[Other (Specify 
details)] 
 
(ii) 
[Autocall Termination Determination 
Date: 
[●][, [in each case] subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the [Following]/[Modified Following]/[Preceding] 
Business Day Convention]]  
(Specify 
where 
Autocall 
Termination 
Trigger 
is 
applicable. Otherwise, delete) 
 
(iii) [Optional Termination Exercise Cut-
off Date: 
[As per Master Swap Terms]/[●][, [in each case] subject 
to 
adjustment 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
[Following]/[Modified Following]/[Preceding] Business 
Day Convention]]  
(Specify 
where 
Optional 
Termination 
Trigger 
is 
applicable. Otherwise, delete) 
 
(iv) Issuer Call Redemption Date: 
[●][, [in each case] subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the [Following]/[Modified Following]/[Preceding] 
Business Day Convention] 
 
(v) Issuer Call Redemption Amount of 
each Note: 
[●]  
 
(vi) Issuer Call Settlement: 
[Cash to Swap Counterparty]/[Delivery to Swap 
Counterparty] 
 
(vii) Issuer Call Settlement Date: 
[●][, [in each case] subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the [Following]/[Modified Following]/[Preceding] 
Business Day Convention] 
 
(viii) Issuer Call Period End Date: 
[●][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
[Following]/[Modified Following]/[Preceding] Business

--- Page 321 ---
APPENDIX 2 - FORM OF PRICING TERMS 
 
321 
Day Convention]/[Not Applicable]  
(Specify date in the event that interest is payable on the 
Issuer Call Settlement Date in addition to the Issuer Call 
Redemption 
Amount. 
Otherwise, 
specify 
Not 
Applicable) 
 
(ix) [Interest payable upon Issuer Call: 
[As per Master Conditions]]  
(Include where Issuer Call Period End Date is specified. 
Where Issuer Call Period End Date is not applicable, 
delete) 
 
(x) [Autocall FX Rate: 
[Bid]/[Mid]/[Ask] [spot]/[forward]/[other] (Specify details) 
exchange rate for [●] (Include currency of Original 
Collateral) into [●] (Include Specified Currency)  
(Specify 
where 
Autocall 
Termination 
Trigger 
is 
applicable. Otherwise, delete) 
 
(xi) [Autocall Valuation Method: 
[Spot]/[Forward]/[Other] (Specify details) dirty bid value]  
(Specify 
where 
Autocall 
Termination 
Trigger 
is 
applicable. Otherwise, delete) 
 
(xii) Substitution Knockout: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]]  
(Specify as Applicable where “Substitution of Original 
Collateral” is specified as Applicable and the occurrence 
of such substitution should knock out the application of 
the Issuer Call. In all other case, Not Applicable) 
31 
Noteholder Early Redemption Option: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
Noteholder Early Redemption Option Period: [●] 
(The Noteholder Early Redemption Option Period must 
end at least 25 Reference Business Days prior to the 
Maturity Date) 
32 
Liquidation: 
[As per Master Conditions]/[Specify or annex details] 
33 
Liquidation Period Cut-off: 
[10]/[30] Reference Business Days 
34 
Relevant Regulatory Law Reference Date: 
[●]  
(The date should typically be on or prior to the date on 
which an issuance proposal is delivered to SPIRE, such 
as the trade date for the Notes) 
FURTHER TERMS 
35 
Further terms: 
[Not Applicable]/[Specify details] 
FORM OF NOTES AND AGENTS 
36 
Form of Notes: 
[Bearer Notes: 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Bearer 
Notes in the limited circumstances specified in the

--- Page 322 ---
APPENDIX 2 - FORM OF PRICING TERMS 
 
322 
Conditions] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Bearer Notes on [●] days’ notice 
 
 
(Include the following when the Notes have multiple 
denominations above €100K (e.g. where integral 
multiples may apply)) 
 
 
If the Temporary Global Note is exchangeable for 
definitive notes at the option of the holder, the Notes 
shall be tradable only in amounts of at least the 
Specified Denomination (or if more than one Specified 
Denomination, the lowest Specified Denomination) 
provided in paragraph 6(i) (Specified Denominations) of 
these Pricing Terms and multiples thereof.] 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Bearer Notes in the limited circumstances specified in 
the Conditions]] 
 
 
[Registered Notes: 
 
 
[Global Certificate exchangeable for Certificates in the 
limited circumstances specified in the Conditions] 
 
 
[Certificates other than Global Certificates]] 
37 
Applicable TEFRA exemption: 
[TEFRA C]/[TEFRA D]/[TEFRA Not Applicable] 
38 
New Global Note/held under New 
Safekeeping Structure: 
No 
39 
Reference Business Day: 
[TARGET]/[TARGET 
Business 
Day]/[Specify 
other 
places, if relevant] 
40 
Trustee, Agents, Custodian, Vendor: 
 
 
(i) 
Trustee: 
[●] (Specify name) 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Agent: 
[●] (Specify name and Specified Office) 
 
(iii) Custodian: 
[●] (Specify name and Specified Office) 
 
(iv) Disposal Agent: 
[●] (Specify name and Specified Office) 
 
(v) Issuing and Paying Agent: 
[●] (Specify name and Specified Office) 
 
(vi) Additional Paying Agent(s): 
[●] (Specify name and Specified Office, where 
applicable) 
 
(vii) Registrar: 
[●] (Specify name and Specified Office, where 
applicable) 
 
(viii) Transfer Agent(s): 
[●] (Specify name and Specified Office, where 
applicable) 
 
(ix) Vendor: 
[Specify name]/[Not Applicable] 
DETAILS RELATING TO THE CREDIT SUPPORT ANNEX 
41 
Base Currency: 
[●] 
42 
Eligible Currency: 
[Specify currencies] 
(Cash in a Major Currency or other Eligible/Equivalent 
Credit Support denominated in an Eligible Currency will

--- Page 323 ---
APPENDIX 2 - FORM OF PRICING TERMS 
 
323 
attract a 0% FX Haircut Percentage under the CSA in 
the Master Swap Terms; otherwise, a haircut of 8% will 
be applied to the specified Valuation Percentages. This 
follows the ISDA VM CSA approach, but is only 
required for parties subject to VM.  
The Base Currency is automatically an Eligible 
Currency, but to ensure 0% FX Haircut Percentage is 
applicable to any collateral not denominated in the Base 
Currency, the relevant currency in which such collateral 
is denominated must be specified as an Eligible 
Currency. It is expected that the default definition of 
“Major Currency” will cover the common currencies 
used, but if you require further currencies these can be 
specified either as additional Eligible Currencies (not 
impacting cash posting) or as an expansion of the Major 
Currency definition below. 
Each of the following constitute a “Major Currency”: (1) 
United States Dollar; (2) Canadian Dollar; (3) Euro; (4) 
United Kingdom Pound; (5) Japanese Yen; (6) Swiss 
Franc; (7) New Zealand Dollar; (8) Australian Dollar; (9) 
Swedish Krona; (10) Danish Krone; (11) Norwegian 
Krone; and (12) South Korean Won.) 
43 
[Additional Major Currency: 
[●]] 
(Specify any additional currency to be included as a 
Major Currency in addition to the following that are 
covered in the Master Swap Terms definition: (1) United 
States Dollar; (2) Canadian Dollar; (3) Euro; (4) United 
Kingdom Pound; (5) Japanese Yen; (6) Swiss Franc; (7) 
New Zealand Dollar; (8) Australian Dollar; (9) Swedish 
Krona; (10) Danish Krone; (11) Norwegian Krone; and 
(12) South Korean Won) 
44 
Delivery Cap: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
45 
[Order in which Eligible Credit Support 
(VM) is to be transferred by the Issuer as 
Transferor: 
[●]] 
(Only needed if Issuer has more than one type of asset 
it would be able to post (such as two different types of 
Original Collateral or where Cash is also eligible)) 
46 
[Order in which Equivalent Credit Support 
(VM) is to be transferred by the Swap 
Counterparty as Transferee: 
[●]] 
(Only needed if Issuer has more than one type of asset 
it would be able to post (such as two different types of 
Original Collateral or where Cash is also eligible)) 
47 
Eligible Credit Support (VM): 
Subject to Paragraph 9(e) of the Credit Support Annex, 
if applicable, and each Credit Support Eligibility 
Condition (VM) applicable to it specified in Paragraph 
11 of the Credit Support Annex, the Eligible Credit 
Support (VM) for the party specified (as the Transferor) 
shall be:

--- Page 324 ---
APPENDIX 2 - FORM OF PRICING TERMS 
 
324 
Eligible Credit Support (VM) for the Swap 
Counterparty 
Description: 
Valuation Percentage: 
Cash 
in 
[the 
Base 
Currency]/[Specify 
relevant 
Eligible 
Currencies if not all]/[an 
Eligible Currency] 
[100]/[●]% 
[insert other] 
[●]% 
 
Eligible Credit Support (VM) for the Issuer 
Description: 
Valuation Percentage: 
Cash 
in 
[the 
Base 
Currency]/[Specify 
relevant 
Eligible 
Currencies if not all]/[an 
Eligible Currency] 
[100]/[●]% 
The assets or property 
specified 
in 
these 
Pricing 
Terms 
as 
forming 
part 
of 
the 
Original Collateral 
[●]% 
Any 
other 
asset 
or 
property notified by the 
Swap Counterparty to 
the Issuer in writing 
from 
time 
to 
time, 
provided such assets 
are available to 
the 
Issuer in respect of the 
relevant Series 
Such percentage as is 
notified by the Swap 
Counterparty 
to 
the 
Issuer in writing from 
time to time 
 
 
(Note that US source assets should only be specified as 
Eligible Credit Support (VM) if the Notes are U.S. 
Withholding Notes) 
48 
Credit Support Eligibility Conditions (VM): 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
(Insert any Credit Support Eligibility Conditions (VM)) 
49 
Minimum Transfer Amount for the Issuer: 
[●] 
(Insert if the initial Minimum Transfer Amount is to be 
other than zero. If amount is inserted it must be an 
amount equal to or lower than USD 500,000 (or its 
equivalent in another currency as at the Issue Date)) 
50 
Minimum Transfer Amount for the Swap 
Counterparty: 
[●] 
(Insert if the initial Minimum Transfer Amount is to be

--- Page 325 ---
APPENDIX 2 - FORM OF PRICING TERMS 
 
325 
other than zero. If amount is inserted it must be an 
amount equal to or lower than USD 500,000 (or its 
equivalent in another currency as at the Issue Date))  
51 
Valuation Date: 
[Each day from, and including, [the Issue Date]/[●] that 
is a day on which commercial banks are open for 
business (including dealings in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in at least one Valuation Date 
Location of each of Party A and Party B, provided that 
the final Valuation Date shall be as set out in the Swap 
Agreement.] 
[[●] of each calendar week commencing on and 
including [●], provided that (i) if commercial banks are 
not open for business (including dealings in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in at least one 
Valuation Date Location for Party A and at least one 
Valuation Date Location for Party B (a day meeting 
such criteria, a “Valid Valuation Date”) on any such 
day, the Valuation Date shall be the immediately 
following Valid Valuation Date and (ii) the final Valuation 
Date shall be as set out in the Swap Agreement.] 
[Insert days that will be Valuation Dates] 
52 
Valuation Date Location: 
In respect of Party A: [London]/[Specify other] 
In respect of Party B: [London]/[Specify other] 
53 
[Interest Rate (VM) for cash forming part of 
the Swap Counterparty’s Credit Support 
Balance (VM): 
[Insert applicable Interest Rate (VM)]] 
(If not specified, this will be the Custodian’s prevailing 
rate) 
54 
[Interest Rate (VM) for cash forming part of 
the Issuer’s Credit Support Balance (VM): 
[Insert applicable Interest Rate (VM)]] 
(If not specified, this will be such rate as determined by 
the Swap Counterparty acting in good faith and a 
commercially reasonable manner) 
55 
[A/365 Currency: 
[Insert any Eligible Currency that will be an A/365 
Currency for the relevant Interest Rate (VM)]] 
(Pounds sterling is already defined in the Credit Support 
Annex as being an A/365 Currency and so should not 
be specified here) 
DISTRIBUTION 
56 
Dealer: 
[Specify name] 
57 
Additional selling restrictions: 
[Not Applicable]/[Specify details] 
58 
Method of distribution: 
Non-syndicated

--- Page 326 ---
APPENDIX 2 - FORM OF PRICING TERMS 
 
326 
PART B - OTHER INFORMATION 
1 
LISTING: 
 
 
(i) 
Listing and admission to trading: 
[Application [has been]/[will be] made for the Notes to be 
admitted to [the Official List of Euronext Dublin]/[Specify 
other] and for the Notes to be admitted to trading on [the 
regulated market of Euronext Dublin]/[its Global Exchange 
Market]/[Specify other]. [There can be no assurance that 
such application will be successful.]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to trading: 
[●] 
2 
RATINGS: 
 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes are not rated]/[The Notes to be issued have been 
rated: 
 
 
[Fitch: [●]] 
 
 
[Moody’s: [●]] 
 
 
[R&I: [●]] 
 
 
[S&P: [●]] 
 
 
[Specify if other: [●]] 
 
 
[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is]/[are] [established in the 
European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 (the “CRA Regulation”)]/[not established in the 
European Union but the rating it has given to the Notes is 
endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating agency], 
which is established in the European Union and registered 
under 
Regulation 
(EC) 
No 
1060/2009 
(the 
“CRA 
Regulation”)] 
3 
USE OF PROCEEDS: 
 
 
Use of proceeds: 
[●]/[As per Base Prospectus] 
 
 
(See the section of the Base Prospectus titled “Use of 
Proceeds” - if reasons for offer different from making profit 
and/or hedging certain risks will need to include those 
reasons here) 
 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
 
Use of initial payment due from any 
Swap Counterparty under the Swap 
Agreement, any Repo Counterparty 
under the Repo Agreement and any 
SL 
Counterparty 
under 
the 
SL 
Agreement: 
[As per Base Prospectus]/[Not Applicable]/[Specify if initial 
payment is to be used for anything other than the purchase 
of Original Collateral and/or making any payment under any 
Swap Agreement. Repo Agreement or SL Agreement, for 
example payment of costs] 
4 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION: 
 
 
ISIN: 
[●] 
 
Common Code: 
[●] 
 
[CFI: 
[●]] (Include if Notes are listed)

--- Page 327 ---
APPENDIX 2 - FORM OF PRICING TERMS 
 
327 
 
[FISN: 
[●]] (Include if Notes are listed) 
 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
Bank 
SA/NV 
and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable]/[Specify name(s) and number(s) [and 
address(es)]] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against]/[free of] payment

--- Page 328 ---
GLOSSARY OF DEFINED TERMS 
 
328 
GLOSSARY OF DEFINED TERMS  
€STR .................................................................. 44 
100% Noteholders .............................................. 80 
2006 ISDA Definitions ........................................ 80 
2019 Accounts ................................................... 65 
2020 Accounts ................................................... 65 
2021 ISDA Definitions ........................................ 80 
2021 ISDA Definitions Publication Version ........ 80 
30/360 ................................................................ 87 
30E/360 .............................................................. 87 
30E/360 (ISDA) .................................................. 88 
360/360 .............................................................. 87 
Accessory Conditions ..................................... 1, 80 
Act/365L ............................................................. 88 
Actual/360 .......................................................... 87 
Actual/365 (Fixed) .............................................. 87 
Actual/Actual ...................................................... 86 
Actual/Actual-ICMA ............................................ 87 
Actual/Actual-ISDA ............................................. 86 
Adjustment Spread ....................................... 46, 81 
Administrator/Benchmark Event ......................... 81 
Administrator/Benchmark Event Date ................ 82 
Affected Instructing Noteholder .................. 82, 133 
Affected Programme Dealer ......................... 32, 53 
Affiliate ............................................................... 82 
Agency Agreement ............................................. 82 
Agent .................................................................. 82 
Agents ................................................................ 82 
Aggregate Undeliverable Original Collateral 
Amount ................................................... 82, 133 
AIF .................................................................... 251 
AIFM ................................................................. 251 
AIFMD .............................................................. 251 
Applicable Law ................................................. 176 
Approved Original Collateral ............................ 266 
Approved Repo Counterparty .......................... 266 
Approved SL Counterparty ............................... 266 
Approved Swap Counterparty .......................... 266 
ARRs .................................................................. 43 
Articles ............................................................... 65 
ATAD ............................................................ 27, 82 
ATAD I ................................................................ 26 
ATAD II ............................................................... 27 
Authority ............................................................. 82 
Available Proceeds ............................................ 82 
Bankruptcy Credit Event .................................... 83 
Bankruptcy Event ............................................... 83 
Base Currency ................................................. 255 
Base Prospectus ...................................... 281, 303 
Bearer Note .................................................. 16, 83 
BEPS .................................................................. 26 
BMR ......................................................... 281, 303 
Board ............................................................ 11, 83 
Board of Governors ............................................ 41 
BofASE ............................................................. 232 
Bond Basis ......................................................... 87 
Business Day ..................................................... 83 
Business Day Convention .................................. 83 
Calculation Agent ......................................... 16, 83 
Calculation Agent Bankruptcy Event .................. 83 
Calculation Amount............................................. 83 
Calculation Amount Factor ................................. 84 
Calculation/252 ................................................... 88 
CEA .............................................................. 4, 273 
Central Bank ......................................................... 1 
Certificate ...................................................... 16, 84 
Certification ......................................................... 84 
CFTC .................................................................... 5 
CGMI ................................................................ 217 
CISA ................................................................. 277 
clearing system ................................................. 267 
Clearing System Business Day ........................ 171 
Clearstream, Luxembourg ............................ 17, 84 
Close-out Amount ............................................. 252 
COBS .................................................................... 3 
Code ................................................................... 84 
Collateral ............................................... 69, 84, 196 
Collateral Criteria ................................................ 84 
Collateral Obligor ................................................ 84 
Collateral Proceeds ............................................ 84 
Collateral Sale Agreement .................................. 85 
Commission’s Proposal .................................... 272 
Common Depositary ........................................... 85 
Companies Act 1915 .................................... 18, 85 
Compartment ................................................ 11, 85 
Conditions ........................................................... 85 
Corporate Services Provider ............................. 206 
Corporation ....................................................... 217 
Couponholder ..................................................... 85 
Coupons ............................................................. 85 
Covered Entities ................................................. 41 
Covered QFC ...................................................... 42 
CRA Regulation .................................................... 2 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee .... 85 
Credit Support Annex ................................... 85, 96 
Credit Support Balance (VM) ...................... 85, 253 
CRS .................................................................. 268 
CRS Law ........................................................... 268 
CSA Cash Account ............................................. 39 
CSB Return Amount ........................... 85, 183, 185 
CSSF ................................................................ 207 
Custodian...................................................... 12, 85 
Custodian Bankruptcy Event .............................. 85 
Custody Account................................................. 85 
Custody Agreement ............................................ 85 
Cut-off Date ........................................................ 86 
D Rules Note ...................................................... 86 
D1 ................................................................. 87, 88 
D2 ................................................................. 87, 88 
Day Count Fraction ............................................. 86 
Dealer ........................................................... 12, 88 
Dealer Agreement............................................... 88 
Deed of Substitution ........................................... 89 
Default Interest ........................................... 89, 149 
Defaulted Swap Counterparty........................... 263 
Definitive Bearer Note ................................... 16, 89 
Definitive Registered Note .................................. 89

--- Page 329 ---
GLOSSARY OF DEFINED TERMS 
 
329 
Delayed Interest Payment Days ......................... 89 
Deliverable Cash Amount .................................. 89 
Deliverable Original Collateral Amount .............. 89 
Delivery Amount (VM) ...................................... 253 
Delivery Cap ..................................................... 254 
Deutsche Bank ................................................. 224 
Director ............................................................... 89 
Disposal Agent ............................................. 15, 89 
Disposal Agent Bankruptcy Event ...................... 89 
Disposal Agent Fees .................................... 89, 98 
Distributions ..................................................... 256 
distributor ............................................. 3, 280, 302 
Dodd-Frank Act .................................................. 89 
Early Redemption Amount ................................. 89 
Early Redemption Date ...................................... 90 
Early Redemption Notice ................................... 91 
Early Redemption Trigger Date . 91, 151, 153, 154, 
155, 156, 157, 158, 159, 160, 161 
Early Termination Date ...................................... 91 
Early Valuation Date .......................................... 91 
EEA ...................................................... 3, 280, 302 
EEA Regulated Market ..................................... 266 
Eligible Credit Support (VM) ............................. 253 
Eligible Currency ...................................... 253, 255 
EMIR ................................................................ 251 
Enforcement Event ............................................. 91 
Enforcement Notice .................................... 92, 182 
Equivalent Credit Support (VM) ....................... 254 
Equivalent Obligations ....................................... 92 
EU SFTR ............................................................ 55 
EURIBOR ........................................................... 43 
euro .................................................................... 92 
Eurobond Basis .................................................. 87 
Euroclear ...................................................... 17, 92 
Euronext Dublin .................................................... 1 
EUWA .................................... 3, 92, 276, 280, 302 
Event of Default .......................................... 92, 161 
Expelled Programme Dealer ........................ 33, 53 
Exposure .......................................................... 254 
Extraordinary Resolution .................................... 92 
FATCA ....................................................... 92, 268 
FATCA Amendments ................................. 92, 177 
FATCA Amendments Certificate ................ 92, 177 
FATCA Law ...................................................... 268 
FATCA Test Date ............................................. 152 
FATCA Withholding ............................................ 92 
FCA .................................................................... 43 
FCA Announcement ........................................... 43 
FDIC ................................................................. 220 
Final Redemption Amount .................................. 92 
Final Rule ........................................................... 41 
Final Terms ............................................ 1, 93, 281 
Financial Instruments and Exchange Act ......... 277 
FINMA .............................................................. 277 
FinSA ............................................................... 277 
Firm Quotation Cut-off Time ............................. 263 
Fitch ............................................................... 2, 93 
Fixed Rate Note ................................................. 93 
Floating Rate Matrix ........................................... 93 
Floating Rate Matrix Publication Version ........... 93 
Floating Rate Note ............................................. 93 
Following Business Day Convention .................. 93 
FRB ................................................................... 220 
FSB ..................................................................... 41 
FSMA ...................................... 3, 19, 276, 280, 302 
FTT ................................................................... 272 
FX Haircut Percentage ..................................... 255 
GEM ...................................................................... 1 
Global Certificate .......................................... 17, 93 
Global Note ......................................................... 93 
GMRA Master Agreement .................................. 93 
GMSLA Master Agreement ................................. 93 
Governmental Authority ...................................... 93 
Group ................................................................ 210 
GSI .................................................................... 225 
GSIB ........................................................... 41, 226 
holder .................................................................. 94 
holding company............................................... 238 
IBA ...................................................................... 43 
IBORs ................................................................. 43 
ICMA Rule Book ................................................. 87 
Identical Collateral .............................................. 94 
IGA ........................................................ 27, 92, 268 
Illegality Event ..................................................... 94 
Industry Standard Replacement Reference Rate
 ................................................................ 94, 117 
Ineligible Investor ................................................ 94 
Information Reporting Regime ............................ 94 
Initial Issuer Application Date ....................... 94, 97 
Initial Reference Date ......................................... 94 
Instalment Amount .............................................. 94 
Instalment Date ................................................... 94 
Instalment Note ................................................... 95 
Instructing Noteholder Proportion ....................... 95 
Instructing Noteholder Undeliverable Percentage
 ........................................................................ 95 
Instructing Noteholders ............................... 95, 132 
Integral Multiples ................................................. 39 
interest ................................................................ 95 
Interest Amount .................................................. 95 
Interest Basis ...................................................... 95 
Interest Commencement Date ............................ 95 
Interest Determination Date ................................ 95 
Interest Payment Date ........................................ 95 
Interest Period .................................................... 95 
Interest Period End Date .................................... 96 
Interest Rate (VM) ............................................ 256 
Investment Company Act ...................................... 5 
Investor’s Currency ............................................. 42 
ISDA ................................................................... 96 
ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions .................... 96 
ISDA Definitions .................................................. 96 
ISDA Master Agreement ..................................... 96 
ISDA Rate ........................................................... 96 
Issue Date ........................................................... 96 
Issue Deed.......................................................... 96 
Issuer .............................................................. 1, 97 
Issuer Application Date ....................................... 97 
Issuer Call Condition ........................................... 97 
Issuer Call Period End Date ............................... 97 
Issuer Call Redemption Amount ......................... 97 
Issuer Call Redemption Date .............................. 97

--- Page 330 ---
GLOSSARY OF DEFINED TERMS 
 
330 
Issuer Call Settlement Date ............................... 97 
Issuer CSA Posted Collateral ............................. 53 
Issuing and Paying Agent ............................ 12, 97 
Issuing and Paying Agent Bankruptcy Event ..... 98 
Japanese Pledge Agreement ............................. 98 
Korean Pledge Agreement ................................. 98 
Law ................................................................... 269 
LIBOR ................................................................ 43 
Liquidate ............................................................. 98 
Liquidated ........................................................... 98 
Liquidating .......................................................... 98 
Liquidation .......................................................... 98 
Liquidation Commencement Notice ................... 98 
Liquidation Event ................................................ 98 
Liquidation Expenses ......................................... 98 
Liquidation Period .............................................. 98 
Luxembourg ....................................................... 99 
M1 ................................................................ 87, 88 
M2 ................................................................ 87, 88 
Major Currency ................................................. 255 
MAS ................................................................. 242 
Master Agency Terms ........................................ 99 
Master Collateral Sale Terms ............................. 99 
Master Conditions .............................................. 99 
Master Custody Terms ....................................... 99 
Master Dealer Terms ......................................... 99 
Master Definitions .............................................. 99 
Master Forms of Notes ....................................... 99 
Master Japanese Pledge Terms ........................ 99 
Master Korean Pledge Terms ............................ 99 
Master Repo Terms ........................................... 99 
Master Securities Lending Terms ...................... 99 
Master Swap Terms ........................................... 99 
Master Terms Documents ................................ 100 
Master Trust Terms .......................................... 100 
Material Change Event ............................. 100, 115 
Material Change Event Date .................... 100, 115 
Maturity Cut-off Date ................................ 100, 188 
Maturity Date .................................................... 100 
Maturity Date Liquidation Event ................. 98, 100 
MiFID II ......................................... 1, 276, 280, 302 
MIFIR ............................................................... 251 
Minimum Transfer Amount ............................... 254 
MLI ................................................................... 231 
Modified Following Business Day Convention . 100 
Moody’s ........................................................ 2, 100 
Mortgaged Property ................................. 100, 196 
MSCO .............................................................. 234 
MSCS ............................................................... 235 
MSESE ............................................................. 236 
MSIP ................................................................ 233 
MSIP Group ..................................................... 233 
NATIXIS ........................................................... 237 
NatWest Group ........................................ 238, 239 
Negative Interest .............................................. 101 
negligence ........................................................ 164 
NEHS ....................................................... 240, 241 
Net Margin Return Amount .............. 101, 183, 185 
New Original Collateral ............................ 101, 132 
NFPE ................................................................ 241 
NHI ................................................... 240, 241, 242 
NIplc .................................................................. 240 
Nomura Group .................................. 240, 241, 242 
Note Tax Event ......................................... 101, 151 
Noteholder ........................................................ 101 
Noteholder Early Redemption Option Exercise 
Notice .................................................... 101, 160 
Noteholder Early Redemption Option Period.... 101 
Notes .................................................... 1, 101, 196 
Notes Currency ................................................... 42 
NSC .................................................................. 243 
NSL ................................................................... 242 
NWM Group .............................................. 238, 239 
NWM N.V. ......................................................... 239 
NWM Plc ................................................... 238, 239 
Obligation.......................................................... 101 
OCC .................................................................. 220 
Official List ............................................................ 1 
Original Collateral ..................................... 102, 196 
Original Collateral Call ...................................... 102 
Original Collateral Call Early Payment Date ..... 102 
Original Collateral Default ................................. 103 
Original Collateral Default Suspension Period. 103, 
162 
Original Collateral Disruption Event .................. 103 
Original Collateral Disruption Event Amendment 
Notice .................................................... 103, 168 
Original Collateral Disruption Event Amendments
 ........................................................ 50, 103, 168 
Original Collateral Disruption Event Amendments 
Certificate .............................................. 103, 169 
Original Collateral Disruption Event Losses/Gains
 ...................................................................... 104 
Original Collateral Disruption Event No Action 
Notice .................................................... 104, 168 
Original Collateral Disruption Event Redemption 
Notice .................................................... 104, 168 
Original Collateral Obligor ................................. 104 
Original Collateral Obligor Bankruptcy .............. 104 
Original Collateral Obligor Conversion ............. 104 
Original Collateral Obligor Default .................... 105 
Original Collateral Obligor Default Requirement
 ...................................................................... 105 
Original Collateral Obligor Failure to Pay ......... 105 
Original Collateral Obligor Governmental 
Intervention ................................................... 105 
Original Collateral Obligor Grace Period .......... 107 
Original Collateral Obligor Grace Period Business 
Day ................................................................ 107 
Original Collateral Obligor Guarantee............... 107 
Original Collateral Obligor Obligation ............... 107 
Original Collateral Obligor Payment Requirement
 ...................................................................... 107 
Original Collateral Obligor Reference Date ...... 107 
Original Collateral Obligor Repudiation/Moratorium
 ...................................................................... 107 
Original Collateral Obligor Restructuring .......... 108 
Original Collateral Reference Rate ................... 110 
Original Collateral Substitution Criteria ............. 110 
Original Collateral Substitution Notice ...... 110, 132 
Original Collateral Tax Event .................... 110, 152 
OSSG ................................................................. 43

--- Page 331 ---
GLOSSARY OF DEFINED TERMS 
 
331 
Other Currency ................................................. 121 
outstanding ....................................................... 110 
participating Member State .............................. 272 
Paying Agent(s) ................................................ 111 
Payment Currency ................................... 111, 187 
Permanent Global Note .............................. 16, 111 
Permitted Purchaser ............................................ 8 
PGN Exchange Date ........................................ 111 
Potential Event of Default ................................. 111 
PRA .................................................................. 220 
Preceding Business Day Convention ............... 111 
Pre-nominated Replacement Reference Rate . 112 
Pricing Terms ....................................... 1, 112, 303 
PRIIPs Regulation ................................ 4, 280, 302 
principal ............................................................ 112 
Priority Fallback ........................................ 112, 167 
Proceedings ..................................................... 202 
Product Criteria ................................................ 112 
Programme .................................................. 1, 112 
Programme Calculation Agent ......................... 112 
Programme Custodian ..................................... 112 
Programme Dealer ........................................... 112 
Programme Deed ......................................... 1, 112 
Programme Disposal Agent ............................. 112 
Programme Issuing and Paying Agent ............. 112 
Programme Paying Agent ................................ 112 
Programme Registrar ....................................... 112 
Programme Repo Counterparty ....................... 113 
Programme SL Counterparty ........................... 113 
Programme Swap Counterparty ....................... 113 
Programme Transfer Agent .............................. 113 
Programme Trustee ......................................... 113 
Prospectus Regulation ......... 1, 113, 276, 280, 302 
Published Average Rate .................................. 113 
PwC .................................................................. 207 
QFCs .................................................................. 41 
R&I ............................................................... 2, 113 
Rate of Interest ................................................. 113 
Rated Entity .............................................. 113, 174 
Rating Agency .................................................. 113 
Rating Agency Affirmation ................................ 113 
RBA Bond Basis ................................................. 88 
Receipts ........................................................... 114 
Record Date ............................................. 114, 171 
Redemption/Payment Basis ............................. 114 
Reference Business Day .................................. 114 
Reference Rate .......................................... 40, 114 
Reference Rate Cessation ............................... 114 
Reference Rate Default Event ................. 114, 159 
Reference Rate Event ...................................... 114 
Reference Rate Event Notice ................... 115, 165 
Reference Rate Trade Date ............................. 115 
Register ............................................................ 115 
Registered Note ......................................... 16, 115 
Registrar ..................................................... 12, 115 
Regular Settlement Day ................................... 255 
Regulated Market ................................................. 1 
Regulation S ..................................................... 273 
Regulatory Requirement Amendments .... 115, 197 
Regulatory Requirement Amendments Certificate
 .............................................................. 115, 198 
Regulatory Requirement Event......................... 115 
Relevant Accountholder............................ 115, 134 
Relevant Date ................................................... 115 
Relevant Holder ................................................ 256 
Relevant Member State ........................................ 3 
Relevant Nominating Body ............................... 116 
Relevant Party .................................................... 62 
Relevant Payment Date .................................... 116 
Relevant Regulatory Law.................................. 116 
Relevant Regulatory Law Reference Date ....... 117 
Remaining Repo Counterparty Claim Amount. 117, 
183, 185 
Remaining SL Counterparty Claim Amount ..... 117, 
184, 186 
Remaining Swap Counterparty Claim Amount 117, 
183, 185 
Replacement Eligible Series ............................. 264 
Replacement Reference Rate .......................... 117 
Replacement Reference Rate Amendments ... 117, 
165 
Replacement Reference Rate Amendments 
Certificate .............................................. 118, 166 
Replacement Reference Rate Ancillary 
Amendments ......................................... 118, 165 
Replacement Reference Rate Notice ....... 118, 166 
Replacement Swap........................................... 263 
Replacement Swap Counterparty ..................... 263 
Repo Acceleration ............................................ 259 
Repo Agreement................................. 13, 118, 196 
Repo Agreement Event .................................... 118 
Repo Cash Account ............................................ 39 
Repo Counterparty ..................................... 14, 118 
Repo Counterparty Bankruptcy Event .............. 118 
Repo Posted Collateral ..................................... 118 
Repo Purchased Securities .............................. 136 
Repo Termination Event ................................... 118 
Repo Transaction ............................................. 118 
Representative Statement Event .............. 115, 118 
Representative Statement Event Date ..... 115, 119 
Required Ratings .............................................. 119 
Residual Amount .............................................. 119 
Resolved ........................................................... 119 
Return Amount (VM) ......................................... 253 
Risk-Free Rate Event ............................... 115, 119 
Risk-Free Rate Event Date ....................... 114, 119 
Rule 4.7 ........................................................ 4, 273 
S&P ............................................................... 2, 119 
SEC .................................................................... 29 
Secured Creditor ....................................... 119, 196 
Secured Payment Obligations .................. 119, 196 
Securities Act ........................................ 4, 119, 273 
Securities Collateral ............................................ 55 
Securitisation Act 2004 ................................. 1, 119 
Security ....................................................... 11, 119 
Security Document ........................................... 120 
Series ............................................................ 1, 120 
Series Prospectus ................................................. 1 
SFTR .................................................................. 55 
Shareholder ...................................................... 204 
Shares .............................................................. 204 
SL Agreement ..................................... 14, 120, 196

--- Page 332 ---
GLOSSARY OF DEFINED TERMS 
 
332 
SL Agreement Event ........................................ 120 
SL Cash Account ............................................... 40 
SL Counterparty ......................................... 15, 120 
SL Counterparty Bankruptcy Event .................. 120 
SL Net Margin .................................. 120, 183, 185 
SL Net Margin Return Amount ......... 120, 184, 185 
SL Posted Collateral ........................................ 120 
SL Termination Event ....................................... 120 
SL Transaction ................................................. 121 
SOCIETE GENERALE ..................................... 244 
SOFR ................................................................. 44 
SONIA ................................................................ 44 
special quorum resolution ................................ 121 
Specified Currency ........................................... 121 
Specified Currency Equivalent ......................... 121 
Specified Denomination ................................... 121 
Specified Office ................................................ 121 
SPIRE .......................................... 1, 121, 281, 303 
SPIRE Bankruptcy Event ................................. 121 
Standard Linear Interpolation ........................... 122 
Substitution .............................................. 122, 193 
Substitution Certificate ............................. 122, 194 
Successor ........................................................ 122 
Suspended Payment Date ............................... 162 
Swap Agreement ................................ 12, 123, 196 
Swap Agreement Event ................................... 123 
Swap Counterparty .................................... 13, 123 
Swap Counterparty Bankruptcy Event ............. 123 
Swap Counterparty CSA Posted Collateral ...... 123 
Swap Guarantor ............................................... 123 
Swap Termination Event .................................. 123 
Swap Transaction ............................................ 123 
Swap/Repo/Securities Lending Amendments . 123, 
196 
Swap/Repo/Securities Lending Amendments 
Certificate ............................................. 123, 197 
Talon ................................................................ 123 
TARGET Business Day .................................... 124 
TARGET System .............................................. 124 
TEFRA ....................................................... 23, 271 
TEFRA C .................................................... 23, 271 
TEFRA D .................................................... 23, 271 
Temporary Global Note .............................. 16, 124 
Termination Payment ....................................... 124 
TGN Exchange Date ......................................... 124 
Title Transfer Arrangement ................................. 55 
Title Transfer Counterparty ................................. 55 
Tranche ......................................................... 1, 124 
Transaction Document ...................................... 124 
Transaction Party .............................................. 124 
Transfer Agent .................................................... 12 
Transfer Agent(s) .............................................. 124 
Transferee .......................................... 55, 124, 253 
Transferor ........................................... 55, 124, 253 
Trust Deed ........................................................ 124 
Trustee ........................................................ 12, 124 
Trustee Application Date .................................. 124 
U.S. ................................................................... 125 
U.S. Credit Risk Retention Rules .................. 4, 273 
U.S. Person ...................................................... 125 
U.S. Special Resolution Regimes ....................... 42 
U.S. Withholding Notes ..................................... 125 
UBS .................................................................. 245 
UK ......................................................... 3, 280, 302 
UK Benchmark Regulation ................................. 44 
UK MiFIR .............................................. 3, 280, 302 
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules .................. 3 
UK PRIIPs Regulation .......................... 4, 280, 302 
UK Prospectus Regulation............ 3, 124, 280, 302 
UK SFTR ............................................................ 55 
Undeliverable Original Collateral Amount ......... 124 
Underlying Obligation ....................................... 125 
Underlying Obligor ............................................ 125 
UniCredit ........................................................... 246 
unit .................................................................... 165 
United States .................................................... 125 
Unscheduled Holiday ........................................ 125 
Valuation Agent ................................................ 255 
Valuation Date .................................................. 255 
Valuation Percentage ....................................... 254 
Value ................................................................. 254 
Variable-linked Interest Rate Note .................... 125 
Vendor .............................................................. 125 
X . ..................................................................... 254 
Y . ..................................................................... 254 
Y1 ................................................................. 87, 88 
Y2 ................................................................. 87, 88 
Zero Coupon Note ............................................ 125

--- Page 333 ---
Issuer 
Single Platform Investment Repackaging Entity SA 
5, Heienhaff 
L-1736 Senningerberg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
Programme Trustee 
 
Programme Custodian, Programme Issuing 
and Paying Agent, Programme Registrar and 
Programme Transfer Agent 
HSBC Corporate Trustee Company (UK) Limited 
8 Canada Square 
London E14 5HQ 
United Kingdom 
HSBC Bank plc 
8 Canada Square 
London E14 5HQ 
United Kingdom 
 
Programme Calculation Agents, Programme Dealers and Programme Disposal Agents 
Barclays Bank PLC 
1 Churchill Place 
London E14 5HP 
United Kingdom 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2, Ireland 
D02 RF29 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
BNP Paribas Arbitrage S.N.C. 
1 rue Lafitte  
75009 Paris 
France 
 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
12, place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square, Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Frankfurter Welle 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
Credit Suisse International 
One Cabot Square 
London E14 4QJ 
United Kingdom 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12,  
60325 Frankfurt am Main,  
Germany 
  
Goldman Sachs International 
Plumtree Court 
25 Shoe Lane 
London EC4A 4AU 
United Kingdom 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE  
Marienturm  
Taunusanlage, 9-10 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany

--- Page 334 ---
HSBC Bank plc 
8 Canada Square 
London E14 5HQ 
United Kingdom 
 
J.P. Morgan SE 
TaunusTurm 
Taunustor 1 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
J.P. Morgan Securities 
plc 
25 Bank Street 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5JP 
United Kingdom 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, 
N.A., Seoul Branch 
35, Seosomun-ro 11-gil 
Jung-gu, Seoul 04516 
Republic of Korea 
J.P. Morgan Securities 
(Far East) Limited, Seoul 
Branch 
35, Seosomun-ro 11-gil 
Jung-gu, Seoul 04516 
Republic of Korea  
Merrill Lynch International 
2 King Edward Street 
London EC1A 1HQ 
United Kingdom 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 Rue La Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc 
25 Cabot Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 4QA 
United Kingdom 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
Grosse Gallusstrasse 18 
60312 Frankfurt am Main  
Germany 
 
Natixis S.A. 
30 avenue Pierre Mendès-France 
75013 Paris 
France 
 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
1082MD 
Amsterdam  
The Netherlands 
Natwest Markets plc 
250 Bishopsgate 
London EC2M 4AA 
United Kingdom 
Nomura International plc 
1 Angel Lane 
London EC4R 3AB  
United Kingdom 
 
Nomura Financial 
Products Europe GmbH 
Rathenauplatz 1 
60313 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 Nomura Singapore 
Limited  
10 Marina Blvd  
Marina Bay Financial 
Centre Twr 2  
No 33- Singapore  
018983 Singapore 
 
Nomura Bank 
(Luxembourg) SA 
Bâtiment A, 33 rue de 
Gasperich 
L-5826 Hesperange 
Luxembourg 
 
 
Société Générale S.A. 
29 boulevard Haussmann, 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
 
UBS AG, London branch 
5 Broadgate 
London EC2M 2QS 
 
 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastrasse 12 
D-81925 Munich 
Germany

--- Page 335 ---
Programme Swap Counterparties 
Barclays Bank PLC 
1 Churchill Place 
London E14 5HP 
United Kingdom 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2, Ireland 
D02 RF29 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
BNP Paribas Arbitrage S.N.C. 
1 rue Lafitte  
75009 Paris 
France 
 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
12, place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
 
Citibank Europe plc 
1 North Wall Quay 
Dublin 1 
Ireland 
Citibank, N.A., London 
Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square, Canary 
Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
Citigroup Global Markets 
Europe AG 
Frankfurter Welle 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of 
Germany 
Citibank Korea Inc. 
11th Floor, Citibank Center 
50 Saemunan-ro, Jongno-
gu 
Seoul 03184  
Republic of Korea  
Citigroup Global Markets Japan Inc. 
Otemachi Park Building  
1-1-1 Otemachi, Chiyoda-ku 
Tokyo 100-8132 
Japan 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square, Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
 
Credit Suisse International 
One Cabot Square 
London E14 4QJ 
United Kingdom 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12,  
60325 Frankfurt am Main,  
Germany 
Goldman Sachs International 
Plumtree Court 
25 Shoe Lane 
London EC4A 4AU 
United Kingdom 
Goldman Sachs International Bank 
Plumtree Court 
25 Shoe Lane 
London EC4A 4AU 
United Kingdom 
 
HSBC Bank plc 
8 Canada Square 
London E14 5HQ 
United Kingdom

--- Page 336 ---
J.P. Morgan SE 
TaunusTurm 
Taunustor 1 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
J.P. Morgan Securities plc 
25 Bank Street 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5JP 
United Kingdom 
J.P. Morgan Securities (Far East) 
Limited, Seoul Branch 
35, Seosomun-ro 11-gil 
Jung-gu, Seoul 04516 
Republic of Korea  
Merrill Lynch International 
2 King Edward Street 
London EC1A 1HQ 
United Kingdom 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 Rue La Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France 
Morgan Stanley & Co. 
International plc 
25 Cabot Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 4QA 
United Kingdom 
Morgan Stanley Capital Services 
LLC 
1585 Broadway 
New York, New York 
10036 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
Grosse Gallusstrasse 18 
60312 Frankfurt am Main  
Germany 
 
Natixis S.A. 
30 avenue Pierre Mendès-France 
75013 Paris 
France 
 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
1082MD 
Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
NatWest Markets plc 
250 Bishopsgate 
London EC2M 4AA 
United Kingdom 
Nomura International plc 
1 Angel Lane 
London EC4R 3AB  
United Kingdom 
Nomura Financial 
Products Europe GmbH 
Rathenauplatz 1 
60313 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Nomura Singapore Ltd 
10 Marina Blvd  
Marina Bay Financial 
Centre Twr 2  
No 33- Singapore  
018983 Singapore 
Nomura Securities Co., 
Ltd 
1-13-1 Nihonbashi 
Chuo-ku 
Tokyo 103-8011 
Japan 
 
 
Société Générale S.A. 
29 boulevard Haussmann, 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
 
UBS AG, London branch 
5 Broadgate 
London EC2M 2QS 
 
 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastrasse 12 
D-81925 Munich 
Germany  
 
Programme Repo Counterparties 
Barclays Bank PLC 
1 Churchill Place 
London E14 5HP 
United Kingdom 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2, Ireland 
D02 RF29

--- Page 337 ---
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
BNP Paribas Arbitrage S.N.C. 
1 rue Lafitte 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
12, place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Inc. 
388 Greenwich Street, 3rd Floor  
New York 
New York 10013 
United States 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe 
AG 
Frankfurter Welle 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square, Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
 
Credit Suisse International 
One Cabot Square 
London E14 4QJ 
United Kingdom 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12,  
60325 Frankfurt am Main,  
Germany 
Goldman Sachs International 
Plumtree Court 
25 Shoe Lane 
London EC4A 4AU 
United Kingdom 
Goldman Sachs International Bank 
Plumtree Court 
25 Shoe Lane 
London EC4A 4AU 
United Kingdom 
 
HSBC Bank plc 
8 Canada Square 
London E14 5HQ 
United Kingdom 
 
J.P. Morgan SE 
TaunusTurm 
Taunustor 1 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
J.P. Morgan Securities plc 
25 Bank Street 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5JP 
United Kingdom 
Merrill Lynch International 
2 King Edward Street 
London EC1A 1HQ 
United Kingdom 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 Rue La Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France 
Morgan Stanley & Co. 
International plc 
25 Cabot Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 4QA 
United Kingdom 
Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC 
1585 Broadway 
New York, New York 
10036 
United States 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
Grosse Gallusstrasse 18 
60312 Frankfurt am Main  
Germany 
 
Natixis S.A. 
30 avenue Pierre Mendès-France 
75013 Paris 
France

--- Page 338 ---
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
1082MD 
Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
NatWest Markets plc 
250 Bishopsgate 
London EC2M 4AA 
United Kingdom 
Nomura International plc 
1 Angel Lane 
London EC4R 3AB  
United Kingdom 
Nomura Financial 
Products Europe GmbH 
Rathenauplatz 1 
60313 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Nomura Singapore 
Limited 
10 Marina Blvd  
Marina Bay Financial 
Centre Twr 2  
No 33- Singapore  
018983 Singapore 
Nomura Securities Co., 
Ltd 
1-13-1 Nihonbashi 
Chuo-ku 
Tokyo 103-8011 
Japan 
 
 
Société Générale S.A. 
29 boulevard Haussmann, 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
 
UBS AG, London branch 
5 Broadgate 
London EC2M 2QS 
 
 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastrasse 12 
D-81925 Munich 
Germany 
 
Programme SL Counterparties 
Barclays Bank PLC 
1 Churchill Place 
London E14 5HP 
United Kingdom 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2, Ireland 
D02 RF29 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
BNP Paribas Arbitrage S.N.C. 
1 rue Lafitte 
75009 Paris 
France 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
12, place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
Citigroup Global Markets Inc. 
388 Greenwich Street, 3rd Floor  
New York 
New York 10013 
United States 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe 
AG 
Frankfurter Welle 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square, Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
Credit Suisse International 
One Cabot Square 
London E14 4QJ 
United Kingdom

--- Page 339 ---
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12,  
60325 Frankfurt am Main,  
Germany 
Goldman Sachs International 
Plumtree Court 
25 Shoe Lane 
London EC4A 4AU 
United Kingdom 
Goldman Sachs International Bank 
Plumtree Court 
25 Shoe Lane 
London EC4A 4AU 
United Kingdom 
HSBC Bank plc 
8 Canada Square 
London E14 5HQ 
United Kingdom 
J.P. Morgan SE 
TaunusTurm 
Taunustor 1 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
J.P. Morgan Securities plc 
25 Bank Street 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5JP 
United Kingdom 
Merrill Lynch International 
2 King Edward Street 
London EC1A 1HQ 
United Kingdom 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 Rue La Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France 
Morgan Stanley & Co. 
International plc 
25 Cabot Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 4QA 
United Kingdom 
Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC 
1585 Broadway 
New York, New York 
10036 
United States 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
Grosse Gallusstrasse 18 
60312 Frankfurt am Main  
Germany 
Natixis S.A. 
30 avenue Pierre Mendès-France 
75013 Paris 
France 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
1082MD 
Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
NatWest Markets plc 
250 Bishopsgate 
London EC2M 4AA 
United Kingdom 
Nomura International plc 
1 Angel Lane 
London EC4R 3AB  
United Kingdom 
Nomura Financial 
Products Europe GmbH 
Rathenauplatz 1 
60313 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
Nomura Singapore 
Limited 
10 Marina Blvd  
Marina Bay Financial 
Centre Twr 2  
No 33- Singapore  
018983 Singapore 
Nomura Securities Co., 
Ltd 
1-13-1 Nihonbashi 
Chuo-ku 
Tokyo 103-8011 
Japan 
 
Société Générale S.A. 
29 boulevard Haussmann, 
75009 Paris 
France 
UBS AG, London branch 
5 Broadgate 
London EC2M 2QS

--- Page 340 ---
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastrasse 12 
D-81925 Munich 
Germany

--- Page 341 ---
Legal Advisers 
to the Programme Dealers and the Programme Trustee 
in respect of English law  
Linklaters LLP 
One Silk Street 
London 
EC2Y 8HQ 
United Kingdom 
to the Issuer 
in respect of Luxembourg law 
 Allen & Overy SCS 
inscrite au Barreau de Luxembourg 
5 avenue John F. Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
Listing Agent 
Maples and Calder (Ireland) LLP 
75 St. Stephen’s Green 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Printed by:  
Linklaters Business Services 
One Silk Street 
London 
EC2Y 8HQ 
A47147268